user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198035983319,Recommended,220240,12939518,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Reaver,"Price (regular): $29.99 ($39.99 for deluxe)Price (lowest): $7.49 (75% off)My overall rating: 9.5/10Easily one of my favorite games of all time.Value: 9/10Most other games this age are already down to $20, however the singleplayer is a lot longer than most other action/shooter games, making it well worth the price.Singleplayer: 10/10Amazing singleplayer. Capturing outposts is probably the best part. There are over 30 spread over the massive map. The main story has some pretty good action too. Plus there is hunting, racing, and assassination side missions and a lot of other things that are a lot of fun.Co-op: 5/10 (2-4 players)Co-op has some serious issues. When the match tries to launch it almost always crashes or freezes when loading. Due to this you wont be able to find players unless you are playing with friends. When it works it is decent but doesnt have the openness that makes far cry great. Update: co-op has been working better lately.Multiplayer: 6.5/10The multiplayer is actually pretty good, but a little generic. Doesn't have enough players to reach its full potential though.Content: 9.5/10Both the co-op and multiplayer are pretty basic, but the singleplayer makes up for it. You of course have the story and outposts, but there is also tons of ruins and caves to be explored for relics and loot, side missions, trials, races, dlc missions, and even knife throwing and poker.Length: 10/10An average playthrough of the singleplayer will take you roughly 30 hours, doing the main storyline capturing all the outposts and doing most of the side missions.Story: 8/10The story really tries to be great and in some ways it is but also is a little flat. You and your friends are having the time of your life until getting caught by slavers on a remote island. You escape and have to save your friends and liberate the natives from the pirates in the process.Gameplay: 10/10Very good, open gameplay. Most situations you can choose to attack however you like. Climb any mountain for a good vantage point with a sniper rifle, use stealth with a bow and using knife takedowns, attack head on with an lmg, or charge in with a truck with c4 planted on it.With freinds: 6/10The co-op and multiplayer are pretty fun with friends but doesnt have a lot of substance.Graphics: 9/10Good graphics, very good considering the scale of the game.Physics: 9.5/10Maybe not as smooth walking around a small area and shooting a few people as call of duty, but all in all the physics are a lot better than just about any other game. Driving really feels good. Good fire physics, you can light large areas of brush with a flamethrower.Performance: 9/10Works good for the most part. Can easily play it on max setting with my laptop, core i7 4810mq @ 2.80 GHz (turbo to 3.80 GHz) 12gbs ram and gtx870m 3gbs dedicated. Haven't had any notable issues or bugs.Sound: 8/10Sound is good but maybe a little rough here and there.Polished: 8/10Nothing majorly wrong with it but it does have the usual trees growing through rocks and animals spawning inside stuff.Atmosphere: 8.5/10The vast landscape gives you a good immersive feel but could be better if they didn't have so much of the same plants making it all feel the same.Objectives: 7/10Objectives are pretty basic. Pretty much go fight through these people and do (insert objective here). Some are a little more in depth.Clarity: 9/10No problems with knowing where to go or what to do. The story line is linear and very easy to follow.World: 9.5/10Unparalleled world. Massive world with large mountains, caves, ruins, shanty towns, vast foliage, ocean, and tons of wildlife to try and kill you. Although most of the landscape has the same trees and plants so a lot of it looks the same.Characters: 8/10The characters are interesting. The antagonists really make you want to kill them. All the characters are just a little thin but still good.UI: 6.5/10The menus are pretty poor. Pulling up your map is really slow. All other menus are in the escape menu which is pretty slow and not that great to navigate. Plus there's Uplay which is horrible.Controls: 9/10Mostly standard controls. Not my favorite layout but close enough I didn't feel the need to change anything.Freedom: 10/10As much freedom as you could ask for. You can ignor your current mission to go off capturing outpost, doing side mission, or just go for a nature hike.Influence: 2.5/10The story itself is very linear. Only choice in the game is the ending and what happens after.Settings: 9/10Four difficulty setting so good for most any skill level. Average control options.Character progression: 6/10Sometimes feels like they resticked what you can do at the beginning instead of allowing you to do more later on.Weapon selection: 9/10Has plenty of weapons. Handguns, SMGs, assault rifles, shotguns, LMGs, sniper rifles, launchers, explosives, and specials. Over 30 total, though some feel similar.Customization: 7/10Most weapons can be modded. Higher level guns can have up to 3 mods. Mods incude extended mags, silencers, and several types of sights, though most guns are limited on which mods are available. Almost all weapons can be painted.AI: 8.5/10For the most part the ai is fairly intelegent. Considering what they have to do in an open world unrelated to a story, it's very good. Though this causes a few quirks.Up to date: 9/10Only came out at the end of 2012 and there isn't any notable aging to the game. Not lacking anything that newer games might have.Replayability: 8.5/10The story doesnt give incentive replay it, but since you can whatever you like however you like, the rest of the game has a lot of replay value.Pace: 8.5/10For such a long game the balance between length and action is very good. You can go straight to the next mission, rush through a few outposts, or take your time doing everything at your own pace.Repetitiveness: 8/10If you were to just walk up with an assault rifle everytime it would probably get very repetitive, but change up your approach everytime and it won't be much at all.Realism: 8.5/10It has some good aspects and a few poor ones when it comes to how realistic it is. Even compared to other games the amount of people you are able to kill is a little ridiculous. It has some supernatural elements which isn't bad but they are a little lame and seem to be inspired by acid trips. Other than that it's actually got good physics and overall better than most games.DLC: 5/10The downloadable content is all pretty mediocre. A few independent short story missions that are okay, some co-op and multiplayer content, and a few other things that are all insignificant.Achievements: 6/1050 achievements but only on Uplay not Steam, and 6 are for co-op making them near impossible. The rest of the achievements are great. Good amount and some challenging but nothing too hard.Trading cards: N/ADoesn't have Steam badges/trading cards.Series improvement: 10/10Far Cry 2 was a good game, however has aged a lot and lacked in a few aspects. Far Cry 3 did a great job at improving and made a very well rounded, good performing game.Originality: 10/10Bottom line is that no other game is very much like Far Cry. Maybe slightly similar to games like Just Cause or some RPGs and it may have some Tomb Raider elements but not enough that its overall gameplay is at all the same as anything else."
,Recommended,220240,32645920,Posted: 22 June,all,Bash,"I will only review the singleplayer aspect of the game.I played through acrackeddifferent version of the game before, in case you were wondering about my playtime. Nevertheless, I felt the need to buy this game for real, although it uses the Ubisoft's Uplay in addition to Steams DRM.My ImpressionDefinitely one of my favorite games - a perfect mix of a beautiful environment worth exploring, amazing storytelling and enjoyable gameplay.TL;DRA quick definition of insanity for all you party people:PositiveMediocreNegative+ Amazing Storytelling~ not a strong story+ scattered letters telling a story of their own+ Beautiful island+ Absolutely masterful villain~ weak allies+ Good character development~ feels out of place sometimes+ Fun gameplay+ Paragliding over the landscape+ Stunning graphicsThe StoryYou are Jason Brody, partying with your friends and family to celebrate your little brother attaining his pilot's license.However, things aren't going to be all fun and games as you are kidnapped by pirates and will be seeing death before finally escaping their claws.You happen to be saved by the natives of the island, the Rakyat, and for them to help you rescue your friends, you have to do them a favor, too. Consequently, you leave the face of the rich kid behind and set out to become a savior, a warrior, and an avenger.If this setting didn't sound like it could be fun for you, let me tell you that this game shines through its storytelling - sadly saying anything more would be a spoiler.Additionally, don't fret about buying a short game - completing the story with all it has to offer, may take up to a good 40h.The WorldAs the destination of this little vacation, you chose a tropical island, somewhere in the middle of the sea.The island offers you a great variety of wildlife, that you can choose to hunt - but be wary that some of these animals prefer to be the hunter instead of the hunted.Moreover, the geography is just great - there is a lot of vertical movement that can be done and if you are lucky you will find some kind of glider atop a hill and be equipped to fly miles across the island.The CharactersJason Brody - there isn't much known regarding the background of the protagonist, however from the little intro sequence and the appearance of his family it looks like he grew up well hidden from the wicked of the globe, with nothing to care about in the world.Friends and Family - your little and big brother, girlfriend and some more sidekicks. Saying that, I intend it the way it sounds like, you never really get to know a lot about the relationship between you and all the others, which left me not really caring about them.Dennis - he is one of the Rakyat, your savior and the one who could see the warrior in you, he seems like a chill guy, and his tattoo drawing skills are top notch.Citra - the leader of the tribe, she is a special woman but has only her and her tribe’s best in mind. She wants power more than anything.Thats not to say that every character in the game is bad or weak. There are interesting and fun  ones, however, I can't mention them here without spoiling the fun. Let's just say, some will speak a little german...Vaas - this is the one you have been anticipating. If a game makes you care more about the villain than any other character - it did something damn right. Vaas is absolutely mother♥♥♥♥ing crazy - and you will love it.The GameplayIt's a first person shooter, nothing special in that regard.However, the stealth aspect with its melee takedowns is so satisfying and combined with your environment and all the things to do and sites to go to the gameplay really shines.Throughout the island, there are communication towers scattered, which you can climb to extend the map and gain access to new weapons.Speaking of weapons -the variety is greatand you can even customize them with skins, which has a cool feel to it.Other than that the pirates have set up camp in various places around the island and you can conquer them guns blazing or eliminate every single person without them knowing what hit them.The latter will give you, aside from your feeling of accomplishment, bonusexperienceand won't trigger the alarm for enemy reinforcement.Should you have been surprised at the word ""experience"" - yes, there is a skill tree which grants you cool new abilities - like being able to take down multiple enemies from above or under water.Last but not least you can also craft various items, most importantly syringes used for health recovery in combat.The VisualsThe game is powered by theDunia Engine, if this doesn't ring a bell, saying it's a derivative of theCryEngineshould.That being said - the game looks incredible. Let alone the setting on a tropical island, the deep, dense jungle, extending into bright beaches and ending into the crystal clear, blue ocean.Perhaps sun reflected on the water is just one of my personal obsessions, but it looks just so incredible.The SoundIt's really good - you hear pirates screaming around the island; yourself mumbling things, which really enhance the feeling of character progression and the wildlife around in the jungle sounds amazingly terrifying.Weapon sounds seem good; moving through high grass and leaves appears realistic and cutting into flesh is pleasing, to say the least.Ultimately, let me just say this - burning down fields of weed with a flamethrower to dubstep powered bySkrillexis definitely memorable.The VerdictDo yourself a favor and try this game, it doesn't matter if you are not a fan of first person shooters, or if the story doesn't call home to you at first.This is one of the best games I know of and you can see the size of my library ;-)NoteIf you have read this far -thank you.I hope this review helped you in deciding to buy this game and if it did, I would be grateful for a 'thumbs up', if you didn't like it, you can give me a 'thumbs down' but I would be glad to hear your opinion on what you didn't like."
,Recommended,220240,12736655,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Tangy™,"Solid gameplay & graphics , but misleading title , you cant hear cries from far away , unless you kill people from up close , then would be called Close Cry 3"
,Recommended,220240,11909808,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Daft the Hentai,I like the part where I uninstall uplay
,Recommended,220240,13993416,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,[FM]GuardOfDestiny™ 👑,Awesome game!But it uses UPlay so sometimes UDon'tPlay!
,Recommended,220240,16983823,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Niceandblue,"Time to play some Far Cry 3!Launching game...*Uplay Pops up* ""welcome to Uplay, please log in to play this game you've already purchased""Aw, christ... what is this... Do I have to use a Uplay account? ;(*Click recover password via email**20 minutes later, still no email**3 incorrect password attempts later* ""Your account has been banned""5 stars.  That was fun."
,Recommended,220240,12668267,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,🐾 [WC]~Tigerfrost~! 🐾,"IntroductionI am Tigerfrost. I would like to apologize for anything that is miss-spelled or any grammar issues. Thank you.If you'd like to skip straight to Pro's & Con's, please move to the bottom of the page. Thank you.How I Found Out About ""Far Cry 3""Well, where to start. To put it simply, I rented Far Cry 3 on the Ps3 a little while after it came out. After it's release, weeks went by, as I heard more and more about Far Cry 3. Nothing was spoiled, but I heard so many good things about it. At the time, I really didn't have the money, so I decided to rent the game, like I use to do back in the day.After picking up the game, I was able to play through about half of it, before needing to take it back. However, around Christmas, my parents got me Far Cry 3 on the Ps3 and I was able to finish my adventure.About six months after that, I saw the Deluxe Edition of Far Cry 3 on sale on Steam, and picked it up. Then things became really good.Unfair FIrst ImpressionsEvery game genre gets hate by some people. Mainly because of opinions, which is okay. There are genre' I don't like, and others I do. However, the main thing I see about Far Cry 3 in reviews that give it a low score is.....Uplay. Why, oh why must you give theGAMEa bad score because it uses Uplay? I understand, it's annyoing at times, especially needing to run it through two different clients, but to give the game itself a bad score because it uses Uplay, is very unfair. I have never had any problems running Far Cry 3 through both Steam & Uplay. Basically, when it says someone is playing Far Cry 3 on Steam, they actually have their Uplay open, as the game itself doesn't need to be running to say you're actually in-game.Not to mention, Far Cry 3 has crafting in it, along with survival tactics. Someone went as far to report the game for being a Minecraft clone because of it.Review Of ""Far Cry 3""Far Cry 3 is anopen world,first person shooter,survival typegame. With a very in depth story. Good and memorable characters. Amazing world, and game mechanics.The game takes you in the shoes of ""Jason Brody"", a rich kid who takes a vaction to an island with a group of friends. Before having enough time to enjoy themselves, Jason and his friends find themselves captured by pirates ruled by ""Vass"". It's Jason's job to break out of the slave camp and get his friends back. Having never shot or killed anyone, it is up to you to learn how to take down your foe using a wide variety of weapons. Using drugs made off of plants from the jungle, and working alongside people like Denis. Can you make it happen?Far Cry 3 allows you to form your story. Everyone's playthrough will be different.The world of Far Cry 3. The world is massive. In my Just Cause 2 review, I talked about the world being massive, but mostly empty. Here, the world is not only massive, it isn't empty. Everywhere there is something to collect, capture, destroy, hide from, orDIEfrom. The world is split between two islands, which take part at different sections of the story. Each lush with plains, jungle's , a lot of killer animals, green, some more green, beautiful oceans and caves. Far Cry 3 is a graphically intense looking game. The views are just amazing. The world is populated by loot, like weapons, money, and relics. There are also deadly animals, like the Tiger, or Cassowary. Not only that, pirates, who only mean to kill you.Far Cry 3 does it nicely, where the whole game isn't out to kill you. The pirates will get into fights with the natives. Angry animals will attack civilians, and pirates. You could sit at a far, watching through the scope of a sniper rifle, as a Tiger slips through the enemy defense and takes down a group.Thrown about this world are these plants. These plants can be used to craft drugs to help you with many things. Like detecting animals, or increasing maximum health, etc. Along with crafting drugs, you can also craft other items. Like wallets to carry more money, weapon holsters to carry more weapons, or munitions pouch to carry more grenades. One thing that's strange about this is the fact that you must skin animals to craft these. However, for one thing you might need 2 Tiger skin, and the next, 1 Deer skin, see my problem with this?Scatered around the world arestrongholdsor ""outposts"" that are controlled by the pirates. You can take these down by killing all pirates on the inside. By capturing one of these strongholds, it makes the territory around you safe, and creates a fast travel system. Now, how you approach these strongholds to take them down is all up to you. You have full freedom to do what you want. You could run right in with heavy machine guns blazing it out. You sit from a far with a sniper rifle and pick them off. You could sneak in, perform takedowns and use a stealth recurve bow. Or you could lure an animal into the base. There are so many things you could do.To take down these strongholds, you need weapons, right? Worry no more. The weapons provided in Far Cry 3 consist of pistols, SMG's, Assault rifles, snipers, shotguns, HMG's, flare gun's, flame throwers, and way more.Now, while on a mission, though they provide a good story, you are restricted most of the time. Meaning you can't really approach the way you may want to.Alongside the main story, you of course have side missions. These are of two types, but work and are fun. The first of them being the Hunter missions. Where you take out an animal for various reasons. The second being the Wanted Dead missions, where it is your job to take down a baddie with your knife/machete.You also earn XP for getting kills and completing missions. XP will gain you skill points, which then lead to you choosing a skill you'd like. One problem with this system is, you don't have access to all the skills until you get futher into the story. As the skills move on, they get kind of more useless. However that's just my opinion.If there is really anything else I don't care about in this game, it's that the second half falls short of the first half. It doesn't really keep the hype going, it kind of dies down.Thoughts (Other)I'd like to post this here. Far Cry 3 is so far my most favorite single player experience of all time. The story was great, the gameplay was great. The soundtrack is amazing, and brings man tears. This was one of the best things I have ever played. Now a days, I use a hardcore mod. Mods are available for Far Cry 3 that can fix things, or make the game more realistic and hard. Now, obviously Far Cry 3 being my favorite, I cannot wait for the release of Far Cry 4 which only comes in a couple weeks. I cannot WAIT.Pro's & Con's (Overall Rating)Far Cry 3 is a great game that is well worth the time. For the story, the world, and the gameplay. Every piece of this game is full of greatness. You ability to do what you want beings a new level to video games. We need more, like this.Pro's:+Amazing story.+Great memorable characters.+Beautiful world that's full of life.+Great weapon mechanics.+Fantastic gameplay.+Big populated open world.Con's:-Second half of game falls a little short.-Multiplayer feels just slapped on.-Some of the crafting is strange.-Skill tree could use a little work.Overall Rating: About a 14/15 (Must Own!)Credits & DisclaimerThank you for taking the time to read my review, I hope this helped out with your decision on whether to make a purchase or not.Remember, this review is based off of opinion only. You may not think the same way as me towards something, but that's okay, because we are all human."
,Recommended,220240,11672842,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,JackE,"You can hunt deer with RPG's and flamethrowers, while being high on shrooms"
,Recommended,220240,17216823,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,kschang77,"Far Cry 3 is one of those open-world games that actually makes you FEEL you'd WANT to explore the Rook Islands with its varied wild flora AND fauna (hostile or indifferent), as well as the various enemies (pirates or privateers) and with the Rakyat assisting at times. The story missions are quite a lot of fun, and if you level up properly none of them are very difficult (i.e. do the stealth kills and try to take down outposts undetected to get extra XP for the skills).You started out as a party guy Jason Brody, who can't do anything. Your brother Grant was the ex-Army, and somehow you ended up captured on this island held by pirates and right in the INTRO sequence your brother got killed and your mad dash to freedom ended up with you diving over a waterfall, but you lived, and you woke up in a village, and handed your first mission... and a wimply pistol... get up this tower on top of the hill, and activate it.From there on, you steadily progress from a wimpy adrenaline junky to a fearsome killing machine capable of mowing down squads of professional mercenaries with LMG or assault rifle, hit wings off a fly at 100 yards with a sniper rifle, blade dance with professional knife fighters, stealth kill like a ninja, as you liberate the Rook Islands from two megalomaniacs, Vaas, and his boss, Hoyt, while recovering your friends one by one.The islands are beautiful, and the animals behave independently of you. Goats and Buffalos and pigs and more wander the landscape, and predators like bears, leopards, even tigers wander the wild hunting them, and if you get in the way, you as well. In the ocean there are bull sharks and regular fish, and in the swamps there are crocodiles. Yes, it's a ton of fun exploring the place. There are small villages, pirate and merc outposts (that you can liberate... by killing everybody), unoccupied villages that were sites of atrocities, more radio towers you can deactivate, plus for the obssessive collectors, various artifacts to collect, such as 120 relics from the past cultures (including one from Chinese history!) letters from the Japanese WW2 occupation (plenty of bodies left around), memory cards left in outposts detailing the sordid narc industry links of Rook Island, as well as different animals and plants (they go in the survival handbook).There are also untold number of caves, underground passages, leading to totally unknown areas deep within the bowels of the island that makes you wonder if you're playing Tomb Raider. :D  Indeed, the radio towers and many other sequences do require a bit of jumping and climbing to accomplish.Even on the surface, there are random things happening. Friendly and enemy jeeps patrol the routes. Enemy soldiers will patrol, and sometimes, force march prisoners / slaves on the road. You may engage, or not as you see fit, but they are excellent source of XPs, as valid as any one. And animals do roam the island, as it is wild out there.There are plenty of side missions, some of which are handed out by locals, like ""help find my daughter, who ran away with boyfriend!""  in addition to the story missions. Furthermore, conquered outposts often have bounty missions (kill a pirate or a merc and his minions) as well as ""path of the hunter"" missions (hunt down X animals using provided weapons). (HINT: you only have to use the same CLASS of weapon, not the specific weapon. If they provide a regular .45ACP, bring your customized .44 Magnum or .50AE Desert Eagle)Ah, speaking of weapons... lots and lots of weapons. Pistols, sniper rifles, shotguns, assault rifiles, grenade launchers, light machine guns, special weapons (including recurve bow), and signature weapons. Some weapons can be customized with different type of sights, extended magazines, even a suppressor. And there are different paintjobs available too. Add the oddballs, like repair tool (welding torch), flamethrower, and even a flare gun... and things can get interesting indeed. Did I mention that many vehicles have mounted weapons, like a HMG that you can wield?How you tackle mission (usually involving killing everybody at a certain place) is entirely up to you. Run and gun? Snipe and hide? Silent and deadly? Lure and ambush? It is all up to you. When you have the best sniper rifle (.50 cal with suppressor two-stage zoom scope) you can kill even a heavy with a single shot to the head from afar. There are also sometimes captured predators that you can ""liberate"" with a shot to the cage, thus letting it attack the enemies in the camp for you! Remember, bonus points if you were never detected (1500 xp instead of 500 xp).I have tried many open-world games before, from Far Cry 2 to Mercenaries 2, from GTA 3 (and sequels) to many others. Far Cry 3 stands above the rest because it is so well balanced. it doesn't unlock too many skills (some require you to unlock via story missions) at once, no matter how much XP you accumulated. it also doesn't unlock the 2nd island until well past 75% point. At each point you are reminded of the stakes you're playing with... the lives of your friends that may still be in pirate's hands, and each and every one will be scarred for life. The villians are psychopaths, but interesting psychopaths. And the other characters that you meet? They all have their own motivations, which may or may not match your own.Somehow, FC3 just struck the right balance between too ""scattered brained"", i.e. ""Too many choices! What do I do now?"" vs. ""where's the freedom? I am bored, I want to do something ELSE""...  And there are plenty of variety in the missions as well as outposts. On the hunt missions, you have to use the specified weapon class/type., which can be challenging, such as hunting tigers with a pistol, or bears with a shotgun. On the bounty missions, you are to kill the one or two ""leaders"" with your blade. The rest are up to you with no restrictions. Just keep in mind in late game there can be two leaders with a dozen minions around them, and killing them all can be a difficult endeavor, esp. if you can only knife the leaders.The skills you learn are divided into three categories: crane, shark, and spider, which of which has a different ""tree"". As mentioned before, they are unlocked by progressing in the story missions and can be learned by spending ""skill points"" which are earned by every few thousand XP. And they add a lot of fun abilities, such as chain takedowns, knife throw take down, grenade takedown, double take down, death from above, death from below, and so on.There are bazillion crates scattered on the island, each containing some artifacts and/or money. You can further loot the bodies (enemy or friendly) for more artifacts, many of which can be sold for $$$. If you have killed some fauna, you cna often skin them for making containers / slings for ammo, wallet, and so on, and it's the only way you can carry more weapons, more ammo, even more money. In fact, you can also craft herbal medicine from the plants you gathered (which are generically divided into ""colored leaves"", and you need X of Red and Y of yellow and so on. As you progress you'll learn other formulas, like animal repellant, hunting instinct (lets you see animals, even behind hills), as well as herbal medicine that just heals you, deep dive potion that lets you go below 60 meters deep, and more.All in all, Far Cry 3 is a ton of fun with variety of missions, side mission, as well as plenty of freeform encounter play. The story of growth and one man's journey from wimp to hero is the story of the player. And THAT ultimately, is why it's so much fun."
,Recommended,220240,7786876,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,HaasGaming,"Far Cry 3 is an excellent singleplayer game with a great free-roaming experience, a lot to do, memorable characters and a good and highly confusing storyline (At least, the first half of it.. it does fall off a little afterwards). Sadly there is not much in the sense of survival going on and sometimes it can become a bit of a grind, but the gameplay is a ton of fun. Although the co-op missions can be enjoyable, multiplayer is really not the reason you should be getting this. Instead, definitely get it for the amazing singleplayer.Full review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L933jNtKj_g"
76561198196440895,Recommended,220240,23250123,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ooooJACKoooo,Game 10/10UPlay 2/10Take me 15+min to load the game via Uplay every timeExcuse me ???????????????????????????????????????
76561198031989612,Not Recommended,220240,25043530,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,jacobfalling,"Found a cool trick with this game:1) Buy a copy of Far Cry 32) Buy a second copy of Far Cry 3 for your SO for co-op campaign3) Update Direct X and UPlay4) Login to Uplay5) Fail to have UPlay recognize your game copy6) Restart7) Login to UPlay again and enter the code8) Watch your SO do all the above steps, then create a UPlay account9) Watch your SO's UPlay account creation fail for no discernible reason... ""try again later""10) Try again later11) Try again later again12) Watch UPlay ban your IP address for multiple attempts13) Write your first negative review on Steam14) Join the legion of apparently very justified UPlay haters"
,Recommended,220240,30182062,Posted: 25 February,all,ElysianLight,"""Do you know the definition of insanity?""SummaryFar Cry 3 is the first game I ever completed 100%. I did all the side quests, I got all the relics and skills, I found all the letters, I got all the ink for my tatau, I crafted everything there was to craft, and I'd do it all again. Far Cry 3 is one of my favorite games of all time, it's story was enticing and made me question all the things I did by the end, it had strong gameplay that rewarded you for being a ghost but didn't punish you for going into a base guns blazing, it had a dynamic environment and you could just spend an hour doing nothing but drive around and hunt and never get bored.Pros:-Amazing Story-Strong stealth-Rewards for 100% completion-Beautiful and dynamic open world-Hunting and crafting system-Skill trees for different play stylesCons:-Collecting the relics got somewhat repetitiveRating: 9/10, Must HaveBonus Quote: His name is Buck, and he likes to fu-"
76561198030080447,Recommended,220240,15097301,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,PrinzEugen,"Exceptional open-world shooter with a dark twistFar Cry 3was developed by Ubisoft Montréal & Shanghai and published late 2012 to great ciritcal acclaim. I played it only recently (early 2015), but even though some years old, this game feels like it was made recently. As the third installment in the famousFar Cryfranchise, it continues upon the open-world orientated gameplay establised byFar Cry 2, while fixing almost all of the problems that game had and offering a feel and way of playing all of its own.The game makes one identify to a degree with Jason Brody, the playable protagonist who is taken captive together with his friends on a tropical island by a gang of pirates lead by someone called Vaas. The opening sequence of the game, from the initial cutscene with the rather vainly partying friends up to the first encounter with Vaas and the escape from his claws, stands out as a classic way of making clear what a game is all about. Vaas is a sinister character, as dark and evil as one could imagine, and more. His fascination with utter violence and the madness of the human mind offers some memorable gaming moments, that made me stare at my screen in utter disbelief and will stay with me for a long time.Jason Brody starts out as a rather unsure would-be-hero, who is shocked whenever he sees someone killed, and who is very reluctant to kill himself. But his encounter with the sheer evil of Vaas and his fellow criminals, gradually turns him into a killing machine, with only one goal: to free his friends, and ultimately seek revenge. The game cleverly underscores this development by offering some role-playing element: finishing missions or killing enemies grants experience points and levels you up so that you can acquire several abilities which help to overcome obstacles more easily. While the game is rather challenging during its first hours, with raising in level and acquiting more special abilities and better weapons it gets easier, which helps to get the idea of turning into a mean killing machine rather well.Apart from Jason Brody and Vaas,Far Cry 3contains several interesting and even unique characters along with three ""factions"" spread out on two distinct islands. There are too many characters to mention them all, but standing out apart from Vaas is Citra, the priestess of the natives who introduces an almost palpable sexual, brooding tension into the game. One of the best parts of the game is the excellent voice-acting: every charachter, how odd or sinister, is made completely believable through his or her voice.The world itself is huge: longer journeys can take up to ten minutes, even by car, jeep or boat (of which there are several types). All in all, the story is not only gripping and very well told, it is combined with the freedom of an open world in a very convincing way. You can play this game in several different ways, the options being almost limitless. Following the main story is a valid possibility, but I found it more interesting to divert from this quite often, roaming around in the astoundingly beautiful world in order to capture an enemy outpost (either by force, stealth or cunning, the choice is once more yours!), gather some useful plants or just hunt for animals (who offer several rewards as well).Apart from the 38 missions in the main storyline, there are over two hundred (!!) side-missions, ranging from stealth kills to hunting specific animals with a specific weapon, trying one's driving skills in a race, climbing communication towers in order to reveal parts of the map or even playing some poker. The amount of gaming hours to be got in singleplayer alone runs into several dozens or more, comparable to a game in that other famous open-world franchise,Assassin's Creed. I tried the multiplayer as well, but the servers are almost empty by now, alone the rather bland co-op still offers some possibilities.Apart from the amazing game- and gunplay, the game is a prime example of state-of-the-art graphics and sound, excellently optimized and hardly showing that it was primarily aimed at consoles. It runs flawlessly on my 7-year old pc with a 2,66 Ghz cpu, 4 GB ram and a GeForce GTX 650 ti. All the expected options and tweaks for optimal performance are there, but it has to be said: the game does look much better on the highest settings (very high or ultra), so even if it costs you some fps, do try those. The one thing that could offset several players is the mandatory use of the ""infamous"" Uplay, a platform that gets huge criticism more often than not. However, for me Uplay just works fine, not only in this but in every other game I played on it. Granted, the achievements are a bit pointless since they don't show on Steam, but the possibility of unlocking extra content by gaining U-points in quite nice. Apart from that, the few dlc packets for the game are completely superfluous, but that's a very, very minor criticism.Anyone interested in the recent developments of first-person shooters or in the way a modern game can tell a story in combination with an open gaming world, should buy and play this game.Gameplay: 28/30Graphics: 19/20Sound: 9/10Longelivety: 9/10Technical: 9/10Steam Integration: 6/10 (Uplay required, but that works fine for me)Personal appreciation: 10/10Overall: 90/100"
,Recommended,220240,7690386,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Riaktion,"Well....  I had to start again due to lost saves  after playing it for 15 hours the first time, however done and dusted now and still plenty of game left to be fair. Loads of side missions left to complete, outposts to liberate and radio towers to climb and activate. This is a really big game.I completed the story, most of crafting tree, most of the level up tree and a good chunk of side missions.Interesting story... if somewhat ridiculous... but all in all a really enjoyable game. You don't play through the story nearly twice if it's pants do you?Much more fun the second time through with the new GFX card and slikly smooth framerates, great fun playing on the big screen too with the surround sound. Not a perfect game, but an enjoyable one and I certainly got my £15.99 out of it and may return to finish off missions here and there. We'll see though."
,Not Recommended,220240,8273361,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,geekifier,"It might not be fair to ""downvote"" this game for that reason, but I feel it needs to be mentioned. The ""Steam"" version of the game also bundles a ton of crapware that gets installed on your PC, whether you want it or not. Namely, it installs Ubisoft's ""Uplay"" DRM/Steam-like system. It also forces you to create an Uplay account.Basically, Steam serves as a glorified CD-key seller, whereas your CD-key actually needs to copied and activated on UPLAY.I think this is unacceptable. We buy games on Steam, because it's a streamlined delivery method, and the DRM is handled by Steam itself (or at least transparent to the user). If Ubisoft wants to shove their DRM and services down everyone's throat, that is fine, but Steam should not be enabling them without being very explicit to their players.Of course, there are no refunds, and uninstalling the game DOES NOT remove all of the installed crapware."
,Recommended,220240,29700792,Posted: 4 February,all,JustSomeGuy,Casually hipfiring machine guns? Check.Copious bow-and-arrow use? Check.Violent melee combat? Check.Protagonist's degradation into a primitive state of mind? Check.Remote tropical landscape? Check.Cliche-but-awesome dialogue? Check.Hundreds of goons to mow down? Check.Rambo/10
76561198050807294,Not Recommended,220240,17238871,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Celtic Warrior,"Sorry,but this is the last time i buy a game on steam that needs uplay.I cant even load up the game because of the server issues.I just want to play some single player, is that okay? isit fine with you that i play my game that i own to only play some single player ? Why do i have to use uplay in the first place when i bought the game on steam?Game seems like a very fun game,so its kinda sad i have to downvote this.Sorry fans of the game,im not hating on the game itself, just uplay."
,Not Recommended,220240,8409238,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Tibu,"This game is highly amazing. but if you're interested in playing because of achievement say goodbye to that because all of that is in ""UPlay"" which kills this game and makes it horrible.The game itself IT IS AMAZING, NICE GAMEPLAY, GOOD GRAPHICS, NICE EVERYTHING.But due to ""UPLAY"" They have ruined the Co-Op, the Multiplayer and the achievement that are available there and not here.Dude, if I bought a game in Steam I want everything of it in Steam, I dislike having to install so many crap as ""Uplay"". If I wanted I would have bought it there and not in Steam. So... nope."
76561198033159391,Recommended,220240,24997215,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Jackie Chan,"Things that I like in this game:-The island-bow-definition of insanity-characters-hunting, driving, gliding-eating mushroomsThings that I dislike in this game:-crocodiles-snakes-uplayThis game is dirt cheap now so just get it and enjoy one of the best FPS games."
76561198005828975,Not Recommended,220240,12648527,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Redjeb,"When i buy it on steam, i want to play it through steam! NOT FREAKING UPLAY!"
76561198092517344,Recommended,220240,32359636,Posted: 12 June,all,chadzelda,">Be me>Sneaking up to outpost>Counting guys there is 6 + 1 dog>K I got this...>When the first guy walks over here i'll kill em>then bait the dog over,>kill it then use my bow to take those near the cans>then il....is that growling?>Looks to my right>F*cking tiger>Nope Nope Nope>Backs away like a wimp>watches in horror as Tiger runs into camp>Kills 4 of em + dog>Tiger God dies,>sneak kill one guy and kill other with bow>Liberate campFarcry 310/10"
,Not Recommended,220240,12933356,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Bacon Brad,Uplay has ruined this game. It is required for FC3. Uplay is currently offline making the game unaccessable even for offline mode. DRM punishes legit purchasers of the game. I know torrents are up with cracked Uplayless installs. Yet buying the game gets me blocked from it. I would not recommend buying this or any new Ubisoft game due to this bullcrap.Edit: And I am not saying torrent the game. Just stating users who buy it can't play it yet people who steal it are having no issue.
,Recommended,220240,18732353,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Pumbloom,"You can get shot in the leg, crack your thumb back in place and you'll be fine as a fiddle."
,Not Recommended,220240,12933870,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,shev,"Installed the game. Uplay downloaded. Updated. Updated again. Uplay asked me to register. I launched game. Says game launched. Nothing happens. I close steam, I close Uplay. Restart Uplay and now I can't login with the details I registered with. I used the recover password feature. It says a link to reset password has been sent to my email. 4th try no link yet. Cant login can't play the game."
,Not Recommended,220240,17134507,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,King Barabing,"uplay is the worst ever game client, makes origin look good"
,Not Recommended,220240,8213445,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,B Unit 117,"Offering the game through Steam but still requiring players to create a seperate Uplay.... what a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. There should be a big flashing banner at the top of the Far Cry 3 store page alerting interested buyers to this fact, not a single offhand comment all the way at the bottom of the page, hidden in the additional notes section of the System requirements which says a Uplay account is required. I haven't played the game yet, I expect it to be good but I am done with Ubisoft products after this."
,Recommended,220240,12683734,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,UmadBroh?,"Don't mind my ""played hours"", i beated this game 3 times in warrior difficulty.To make it short:PROS:.Amazing graphics.Combat is fun, you can adapt a wide vary of aproaches for risky situations.The environment is amazing, the jungle feels very real (tip: turn off music).Story is thrilling, interesting, a lot of humour, and why not, some adventure components and simple puzzles.You'll find infinite joy burning weed with a flamethrower. Trust me.CONS:.Graphics are still glitchy for some reason, some textures just wont stop flickering, and you'll get some pixel displacement when you spill blood on the gras...pretty weird, but nothing serious.F********G UPLAY. WHY THE F**** IS UBISOFT STILL PUSHING THAT CRAPPY PLATFORM? No one wants it, and you must have it to play this game. Rubish, rubish, rubish!.9.8/10, recommended!."
76561198061432657,Recommended,220240,23247287,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,RicketyCricket,"Doesn't Play Nice With Windows 10This is a very good game. Still looks good, even today. A competant story (that eventually runs out of steam hard toward the end), and at this point an iconic villian. Fun gameplay and will run like butter on most modern systems.Oh hello there windows 10, care to screw it all up?So yeah at least in my case and a couple other forum users, Windows 10 made launching this game a nightmare. Either it wont launch through steam at all or it will immediately crash. Here's what you do:Go to your folder for the game, for example:C: > Program Files 86 > Steam > Steamapps > Common > Far Cry 3 > binRight Click on farcry3_d3d11.exe (not farcry3.exe), go to properties > compatibility and set it to windows 7 (8 may work too but i use 7). Then launch THAT executable and only that one. Should work fine then.If you're willing to deal with that headache, then it's still a great game."
,Not Recommended,220240,18008229,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,GJeebus,"The game itself is enjoyable, but I can no longer play it. A couple months ago I uninstalled this game because I wasn't playing it. After installing it I can no longer access my Uplay account because Uplay wouldn't accept my password. I tried to recover my password, but Uplay refused to send me a password recovery email. I tried to get support, but in order to get Uplay support you have to log in to Uplay. I can't play anymore because Uplay won't let me log in. Thanks, Ubisoft. You truly are my greatest ally.Also if you're wondering ""Why didn't you make an account to contact support?"" Well I did, but even after a couple months I never did get that confirmation email.[No Spoilers and tl;dr at the bottom]Edit: After numerous comments asking me to change my review to positive, I've decided to go in-depth as to what I think about the game. I'd advise you to take my opinions with a grain of salt because I haven't been able to play the game in about a year. As for the game itself I would say that it's enjoyable at best. The story isn't interesting in the slightest, but the occasions when Vaas shows up can be quite entertaining. I would say that Vaas was the only reason the story slightly interested me at all because I didn't care at all about my friends. Why would I considering they weren't developed enough for me to even care? Without spoilers the ending gives 2 choices that you have to make on the spot and none of them effect anything. They're not satisfying and the only reason there are 2 choices is because you gotta have that variety right? Anyways I don't think that the story is the reason people play Far Cry 3, because the game is more focused towards free-roam. The world is big, but there isn't much to do. You can hunt, do some side missions, take down enemy outposts, pick flowers, find some collectables, but that's about it. There isn't much going on around you so it makes the world feel empty. I don't remember seeing many animals besides a couple of herds and a few lone panthers. When you take down an outpost the enemies stop spawning in the area, which makes sense, but it makes that area far more boring and almost usless in terms of replay value. One thing they did to fix this is that you can reset the outposts when they're all overtaken. It's a much appreciated feature that should add a lot of replay value if you've enjoyed the main game. There is around 4 weapons for each class (Snipers, pistols, rifles and such) and some special weapons, but most of the common weapons are just generic. A few good examples of the less generic weapons are the A2000, U100, Flamethrower, and BZ19. Shooting in this game shouldn't be that interesting, but it feels much more satisfying due to the fantastic animations. One last thing I liked is that you can customize if you want to go in with a stealthy or more explosive approach. The game gives you a lot of options if we're talking about how you want to approach enemies.I'd say if you want to have a game you can play sometimes and have a bit of fun go ahead and buy this one. If I remember correctly there is co-op so that might be fun with your friends. I've never tried it, but it might be worth a shot. Twenty dollars isn't too bad of a price, but at that price you're better off getting Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Bioshock 1, Rainbow Six Vegas 2, Insurgency, Fallout New Vegas, Splinter Cell Choas Theory, or Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon (I like the atmosphere and weapons in Blood Dragon more than 3 because it feels a lot more unique. Also it has laser guns + lazer lizards) If you want a free-roam jungle fps I don't know any others besides Far Cry 3, so if you want to play this game specifically for that reason alone it wouldn't be too bad of an idea to get this. If you want this for the story just look it up on Youtube. If you want this just for Vaas, refer to my previous statement.tl;dr: Get it if you want a free-roam fps jungle game. The story sucks, Vass is kind of cool, and the free roam and variety of approaches may be the deal breaker for you. It's all right as a free-roam game, but don't expect to be blown away at all or interested for more than 20 hours. There is co-op but I can't say anything about that since I haven't played it. It might be worth a try with your friends."
,Recommended,220240,30290882,Posted: 2 March,all,Ekenwars,"Aside from the occasional crashing, the game is pretty good.Pros:- Immersive map- Variety of weapons- InsanityCons:- Crashes- Uplay- You die if you have sexRating: 8/10"
,Not Recommended,220240,12947850,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,[小島秀夫]meatloafಠ_ಠBu$hG4m3r#$w4g,"How ♥♥♥♥ing ironic that I've only played 6 minutes and those minutes were spent dicking around trying to get Uplay to stop being an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.And on top of crap DRM loops, it crashes on launch.The pirated version shouldn't be more stable than the retail.7/10 worth pirating.It's a good game, hindered by terrible DRM.I had to pirate this game just in order to play it."
,Not Recommended,220240,12930899,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Hala,"Short review for you, since they are discounting it at the moment.Don't get it on steam. Just don't.You need uPlay to play it, and there is so much DRM involved that you WILL have gamebreaking bugs because of it. Welcome to the wonderful world of Ubisoft.Again, don't buy it. The game is fantastic, but you won't be able to play it."
,Recommended,220240,9125684,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Nifty,"Far Cry 3 was my introduction to the Far Cry franchise. Now I’m not a huge fan of first person shooters (FPS) but there are some goods and this is one of them. This is a open world game which other then the story missions to advance the main objectives you can play how you like.  Set on an island where you Jason Brody must free your friends from the psychotic Vaas.  And there are times you wish you could play as Vaas or enter his mind at least because he is an first-class psycho.  Rook island is a land semi-forgotten by the world.  Where you hunt down relics of the ancient ancestors that lived on the island.  See and feel the effects of World War 2 on this Pacific island.  Truly a world where anything goes and does happen.  The story happens in a nonlinear fashion but as you progress you will see how it all fits together and how this forges your champion Jason Brody.  And the nice thing about the far cry series is each game is its own other then being an open world shooter you don't need to play them in an particular order.  If your looking for a game you can run through swamps, jungles, and mountains you found it don't get me wrong it is no Skyrim on that size but it will take you a good 10+ to get from one side to another.  But if you are one of the people that has to everything in a game you can easily get 60+ hours of play time.  The biggest downside of the game is your friends you are rescuing how they seem unaffected by this island.  The graphics are awe inspiring and the cut scenes will have your heart racing especially.....* NO SPOILERS*Get the game and find out for yourself."
76561197966507916,Not Recommended,220240,12530384,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Cannon Fodder,"Uplay really ruined this game. Your game does not save, even if you do a manual in-game save, if it doesn't sychronize with the Ubisoft cloud. If you have a sporadic internet connection, as I do, you can basically kiss your in-game progress goodbye. After the game crashed on me and I restarted it, I load my game to find out I am about a dozen hours of gameplay back. This is completely unacceptable, considering every other game I have encountered has no trouble saving or loading your progress. There is no reason you should have to be sync'd to a company's servers the entire time you are playing a single player game.The money I spent on Far Cry 3 is the only money that Ubisoft will ever see from me. Hopefully they can use it toward updating their awful system."
76561198050561156,Recommended,220240,32414983,Posted: 14 June,all,No.501_Jammy,"Game would be amazing if not for Uplay. Trying to start up the game is a chore and I usually feel burned out by the time i've gone through their Area 51 level security measures. Let me play my game you paranoid bafoons!!!!But to say that the game is bad would be a great understatement. Literally the ONLY issue i've found is Uplay.7/10If we ever manage to destroy Uplay10/10P.S Go away forever UplayP.S.S Please phaze out of existence as a whole, it would be cruel to send you to another place it would be better for them to have an AIDS epidemic than be forced to use Uplay"
,Recommended,220240,1638099,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,CrazyGPU - MSI GTX 1070 Gaming X,"Far Cry 3 is a first-person shooter action game created by Ubisoft Montreal in 2012.The player, Jason Brody, skydives with friends and ends up on an island full of pirates and natives called Rakyat that are in conflict . Jason escapes but is unconscious. An inhabitant of the island, a Rakyat called Denis rescues him and performs a tattoo that gives Jason powers. This is the first step on his journey to become a warrior. From there he must find and free his friends.The game is a sandbox, and the main story is just a little part of it, the player is free to make a huge amount of fun activities. Play racing , throw knives , face challenges, hunt animals , free towers and regain positions held by pirates. The game has the graphic quality of a first person shooter with the freedom of an RPG .The graphics engine is called Dunia Engine. The graphic quality is very good , similar to Crysis, awesome for being a Sandbox. Far Cry3 was one of the best and most complete games of 2012. Extremely funny and fascinating.It is a worthy successor to Far Cry , well above the poor Far Cry 2 . A true wonder for lovers of external environments and forests in games.The game was released for PC , PS3 and XBOX 360. The PC version has superior graphics and a powerful graphics card with DirectX 11 is seriously recommended.And Trisha the Warrior ..... ohh, I can't tell you how hot she is.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ESPAÑOL-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Far Cry 3 es un juego de acción en primera persona creado por Ubisoft Montreal en 2012.El jugador, Jason Brody, hace paracaidismo con sus amigos y termina en una isla llena de piratas y nativos llamados Rakyat que están en conflicto. Jason escapa pero queda inconciente. Un habitante de la Isla, Rakyat, Denis, lo rescata y le realiza un tatuaje que le brinda poderes y es el primer paso para convertirse en un guerrero. A partir de allí deberá buscar y liberar a sus amigos.El juego es un sandbox, si bien tiene su historia principal, el jugador es libre de hacer una enorme cantidad de actividades divertidas. Jugar carreras, lanzar cuchillos, enfrentar desafíos, cazar animales, liberar torres y recuperar puestos tomados por los piratas. El juego posee la calidad de un shooter en primera persona con la libertad de un juego de rol.El motor gráfico se denomina Dunia Engine. La calidad gráfica es muy buena, similar a un Crysis, impresionante para ser un Sandbox. Fue uno de los mejores y más completos juegos del año 2012. Sumamente divertido y fascinante.Es un digno sucesor del Far Cry, muy superior al pobre Far Cry 2. Una verdadera maravilla para los amantes de los juegos en selvas paradisíacas con entornos externos y animales.El juego se lanzó para PC, PS3 y XBOX 360. La versión de PC tiene gráficos superiores y se recomienda una poderosa tarjeta gráfica con DirectX 11.Y la Guerrera Trisha..... uhh ni les cuento esa guerrera como está."
,Recommended,220240,23391942,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,para,Threw a molotov at a bear and watched it burn then my computer crashed sick game
,Not Recommended,220240,12937678,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Richard,">Loved the game, played it on console when it first came out.>Saw it on sale. Hellsyeah.jpg>Uplay won't launch the game when it decides to work.>Annoying as hell. I don't want Uplay. 0/10."
,Recommended,220240,27451227,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Baznoc™,Far Cry 3 's Villian made me Want to finish this game. I had 'issues' with that guy ever since the game began and I couldnt Wait to kill him. He was so impolite. This game is Beautiful scary and all round awesome for a open world game!! Love this a Lot!! 9 of 10!
,Recommended,220240,24754611,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Captain Kangaroo,"So i just finished this game.. and damn was it good! I know im a little late to the party since its 4 years later but, its fantastic! i mean the story, the gameplay, the voice acting, characters, textures, setting, AI, UI, all top notch! this has been one of the best gaming experiences ive ever had. thank god for ubisoft ey."
,Recommended,220240,26481618,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,VladimirMoatsovich,Had sex.14/10
76561197969273779,Not Recommended,220240,12944194,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ThePile,"1. After Installation you are FORCED to create a Uplay account.2. Naturally your steam ID is taken.3. Once you have managed to create an account with the username <YourSteamID>ballsack1234, you are then forced to write in your credentials again in order to log-in.4. No, you don't get to play the game yet. At this point Uplay asks for the CD-key of the game.When I buy a game on Steam it should be literally:Step 1: Start the Game.Step 2: Play the game.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. DO NOT SUPPORT THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!"
,Not Recommended,220240,12928909,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Someones Left Ear,♥♥♥♥ Uplay and ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft. The Game is good but Uplay makes me question if its worth it or not.
76561198115011854,Recommended,220240,29801555,Posted: 9 February,all,Crveni domaći leptir,Everything in this game is awsome except having to make a uplay account.
76561198020144608,Not Recommended,220240,12813169,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Clark Kent,"I can't play because of Uplay problems.[EDIT] OK, decided to try again. Re-installed game. New & exciting Uplay issues. Stuck at ""Game information is loading"" screen in Uplay. Checked online, many other users have this problem, Ubisoft Support Staff offer useless, obvious advice that suggests they are dodging the issue (e.g. ""Make sure that you are launching it from your Steam Library""  and ""You will see the Uplay client come up, and it should function properly after that""). Do you even read the problems people are posting?[EDIT 2] Someone suggested switching to offline mode, which I did. Now, Uplay won't let me login when I launch game in Steam, saying ""If this is your first time using Uplay on this computer..""  - (which it's not)  - ""..you need to log in online at least once before using offline mode"".So.. it won't let me login, saying I need to login before I can use offline mode? So then I try to login and... it won't let me login because I need to login before I can use offline mode? Arghghgh. And logging in via the net doesn't give any options, just useless crap like selecting avatars.Anyone that can provide advice on how to login to turn off 'offline mode' when Uplay won't let me login.. gratitude in advance.[EDIT 3] Searching for info on how to login when I can't login.. Uplay Support Staff advice: ""You would have to successfully log in once in order to use the ""Always start in offline mode feature"". Seriously, who is paying these guys?"
76561198009480051,Not Recommended,220240,8517461,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Hawkeye0078,UPLAY  means you cant play !!
,Not Recommended,220240,23788035,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,hectok,Great game. Stop playing cause uPlay. I will never buy another Ubisoft game if they force me to play in that trash launcher.
,Recommended,220240,15732378,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,♆Major✠Dirtymcnasty❝.❛,"By far one of the best games I have ever played.Storyline - 9/10Would be 10/10 but I think the player would need to have more influence in particular events. Apart from that, brilliant story and I was so excited to see what happened at the end!Characters - 10/10The main characters that you will encounter throughout your playthrough are: Jason, Vaas, Hoyt, Riley (debateable) and Dennis. A great set of characters, who are very interesting and hard to read just by their actions (I think this is a good thing).Graphics - 10/10For a 2012 game, the graphics are brilliant, . The sky is awesome and some of the scenery is just unbeatable in my opinion!Performance - 10/10Don't really need to explain this one. The rating I have given it explains it all.Open World - 9/10Would be 10/10 but when you are trying to hunt and explore for instance, you are constantly being attacked by bandits or privateers, but if this wasn't a problem the game would probably be less enjoyable, I just think it could have been toned down a little bit. Apart from that, the open world is fantastic, you can hunt, explore, drive, just go on killing sprees or just admire the beautiful scenery that this game provides.Overall - 9.5/10I have came to this conclusion because this is a brilliant game with only a few minor problems. It is a MUST buy for all PC gamers in my opinion.Did i ever tell you the definition of  ZUEIRA?is to UAHEUAHEUH over and over again and expects things to change"
,Not Recommended,220240,8437592,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,a_puma01,"The game is a masterpiece there is no doubt but this is important for all potential buyers.""Uplay"" Ubisofts steam like DRM software is REQUIRED to play this game.You will be expected to Launch Uplay which in turn launches steam and in turn launches Uplay again.Uplay is very invasive compared to steam. If you can put up with how annoying the DRM system is for this game then more power to you. I for one, even after 20+ hours into this great game would STILL choose to not purchasing it in the first place due to Uplay's requirement."
,Not Recommended,220240,12769436,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Skiamakhos,"Doesn't run. Typical Ubisoft. Not recommended. I've had trouble with every Ubisoft game on here, and this is the end - I'm not going to risk my money on their products any more. It seems it's their UPlay authentication software. I've tried downloading their latest version but it's no good. Tried all the solutions suggested on the forums. No joy. It strikes me that if it won't run, it has no business being sold. If it doesn't download with all the files needed to install & run it, it's a lemon; a dud."
,Not Recommended,220240,17636479,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Marcus Antonius,"I would have given it a thumbs up if it wasn't for the most terrible and annoying DRM ever, that is called UPLAY. Hey UBISOFT: I bought this game on steam, I am a legitimate paying customer so can you disable your garbage and let me play my damn game? Thanks..Oh wait, they won't listen to us honest customers, so I guess I will give this game a thumbs down. Uninstalling!"
,Not Recommended,220240,8556457,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,the juice is loose,"comes with the epic drm ""uplay"" free of charge, enjoy"
,Not Recommended,220240,23744062,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CorkScrewDood,"Uplay ruined it for me. So much that I can't finish the game because Uplay won't start up to verify the damn thing. It's one thing to have DRM, another to have TWO, and a ♥♥♥♥ing problem when it won't allow you to play the damn game...Just when I was enjoying it...[EDIT] I'd never thought I would ever say this, but get the console version instead... Obviously games with the Ubisoft logo on it."
76561198062952065,Not Recommended,220240,12811569,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,mark.klutchko,Know that if your planing on downloading this game then Uplay might not let you play it. After downloading it I was forced to create an account for something I wanted no part of and then Uplay errors out and wont load your game. Money wasted :(
,Not Recommended,220240,14966642,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Dragonhead Gaming,"Pros: Great game, great graphics, okay storyCons: UPlay connection goes down more than a Mississippi virgin on prom night.Now if UPlay were removed or they actually got their service to work I would change my review."
76561198037022867,Not Recommended,220240,12937580,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Hunterpr0x,i uninstalld it months ago and when i try to play it again it says i need a code and that the code is already used so i cant play it
,Not Recommended,220240,932596,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,H. Harpoon,"The game is fun.    However I am unable to play it after the first day as Uplay is failing to launch. Ubisoft constantly makes these games that you have to wrestle with to get to work, while my bud who pirated FC3 is having no troubles what so ever.   I understand that most people dont have these problems, but when you make a product that renders MY goods unusable it makes it not worth risking money on your company.Buy this game, and all ubisoft products with the highest level of caution as, make no mistake about it, you are taking a gamble."
,Recommended,220240,9957387,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,peremptor,Just finished the single player game and I did a good chunk of the side stuff other than some stuff like the gambling and racing... the game sure does pack a lot of content and has some pretty cool moments. Easy to recommend to anyone that enjoys sandbox FPS action.I kind of got fed up with the game 80% of the way in and just wanted to finish it already but that's just me. I was more patient with far cry 2 and I enjoyed that game overall more than this game even though in many ways this has improved on fc2's most obvious annoyances though it does introduce some of its own. The game's key fights are decided by quicktime events... that was really lame but I'm really just nitpicking. There's so much stuff do in the game that it practically has something for everyone. Solid game that is amazing in parts.
,Not Recommended,220240,12845944,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,BoBoZoBo,Was fun while it lasted but Uplay is a constsnt problem.
76561198036414329,Not Recommended,220240,12829567,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,[ES] Fresman,Uplay sucks
76561198003415687,Not Recommended,220240,14853741,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Ocelot,Uplay.
,Not Recommended,220240,24900082,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,XaLeX,After a magnificent Uplay update I have lost all of my save files magically. I'm not joking. I don't want to replay the whole game for the second time. Will never buy a Ubisoft game on steam with double DRM again! UPLAY SUCKS!
76561198111478261,Not Recommended,220240,25013259,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Innuendobot 5000,"I want to begin this review by telling you, that the game itself is a masterpiece and that I definitely enjoyed playing it, UNTIL Uplay ruined both Far Cry 3 and Blood Dragon for me. I played through both games once, but kept them installed in case I wanted to replay them. And, unsurprisingly, the day came where I wanted to do so.But for some inexplicable reason the Uplay overlay told me ""♥♥♥♥ you! If you thought you could freely use a product you paid for, then, my dear sir, you came to the wrong ♥♥♥♥ing place!""Long story short, because of the update my account got screwed over and my games now belong to a pre-update version which I can't access anymore.Good job ruining your games, Uplay!"
,Not Recommended,220240,17621135,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SteelToe,Game itself is VERY fun.  Having to run and log into Uplay ontop of steam kills it.  Uplay is not even wanting to load now and thus I cannot play my game that I paid money for.  I do not want to dig for a solution.  UNTIL UBISOFT STOPS USING UPLAY I PLAN TO NO LONGER BUY ANY OF THEIR PRODUCTS.  That will be all.
,Recommended,220240,30870164,Posted: 1 April,all,🌸 작은새 🌸,Playing this game was like a really good story that I'll never forget...10/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,220240,16544375,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Offline,"Uplay.Want to pay full price and be treated like a ditry pirate?No longer have access to that old email address you registered with?Steam points you to uplay support. Uplay will not help you, a quick look around here should tell you that.Have fun looking at that game you can't play each time you log in here! Wheee"
,Not Recommended,220240,12869615,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Necrotic Deformity,"Well I think after the 12th BIG crash I think I'm ready to right a review of FC3.  Now first of all this is not a hit on the game, the game's great ... when it works, The Co-Op is probably the best part, 4 friends, screwing around making the lives of pirates more miserable, best cooperative I've played, better than L4D/L4D2, (sorry Valve) except the fact that u can have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount of add-ons in L4D/L4D2, that's awesome.  (sidetracked) :/FC3, as well as the others in the series are great fun, however my problem is with U-PLAY.  Steam doesn't have a problem with my computer and has always accomidated me with an out-dated and newly built (this year) computers, but UP seems to have problems with ... perhaps u could tell me, I haven't a clue, crashing/lost host/lost connection/no internet/no mic/no sound/glitch glitch glitch, twitch twitch twitch.At this point Steam thinks I've played 34 hrs, reality is 17 hrs, I checked, I literally have spent almost 17 hrs fighting with all the above problems - changed settings - restarted - gave up and tried the next night.  I can turn right around and play ANY game..  ANY!  and not have an issue, right after I crash!So if your good at working around or rewriting script or what have you, then you'll love this game.  If your looking to just go and play because you've already waited for it to install, and start a UP account, and exit out so it can update, then you hunt your friends down, then you exit SO THAT can take effect, then it updates, loads, searches for MORE updates, THEN, if your good, then you can play ... oh wait .. no sound, start again.  Then I DON'T recommened this game because you'll become frusterated and possibly hate Ubisoft that much more.*Note*  I dont download anything or run 'backround programs'  it's pretty much a gaming comp. which I might look on the net or right an e-mail .. sometimes.  this current comp is:  Optimal/Over-spec for this game.  I've NEVER crashed on anyother online Co-op/Multi-player of ANY kind ... EVER."
,Recommended,220240,15432419,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Jernemeister,"This is an awesome game, the graphics, the solid gameplay.ONLY IN SINGLEPLAYER!If you want multiplayer you need to work with ♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY,you want coop? WELL ♥♥♥♥ YOU!!! THAT IS NOT GONNA ♥♥♥♥ING HAPPEN THANKS OUR GOOD FRIEND ♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY!!Ubisoft did a great job on the game except the multiplayer that was a total failureNice move ubisoft,♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197970778368,Not Recommended,220240,8498921,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ogma,"Far Cry 3 on Steam still requires a Uplay account seperate from Steam, and they require your email and other information.No way in h3ll.Deleted.  Glad I got it at a steep discount on sale, just wish I could get my money back on principle."
,Recommended,220240,20194038,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,TheRealCelticBatman,"Thoroughly enjoyed this.  Yes, there is some repetition, and yes, the bad guy is really psycho, but it is a fun title, good mechanics good graphics, and enough to keep you busy for a while.It's $7.50 on sale now, and I think I might have paid twice that and it was worth it.8/10."
,Recommended,220240,12512609,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Illasera,"My own house ran away from me!Drugs are cool!Gameplay: Fun / Interesting.Visaul Art : Amazing visual aesthetics (contributes a lot to the game).SoundFX - Lively sound effects.Music - unnoticeable.Storyline - Crappy storyline, Sidenote - Vaas is an interesting character.Performance - MEH. Hardware depended, Could be trash for my gear and good on yours (Fps drops on map streaming)"
76561198003026615,Recommended,220240,29347293,Posted: 18 January,all,RivaL[.]ReNeGaDe,"Far Cry 3 is an action packed adventure. You have multiple objectives you can do and they don’t have to be done in order or you can simply never do them! You can find relics, raid outposts, explore, find treasure chests, and many more endeavors within Far Cry 3. The campaign reminds me of college students on vacation and things go south and rather rapidly. I don’t want to spoil anything, but the story itself contains mysteries, mystical happenings, and a crazy adventure that won’t leave a bad taste behind like other action adventure titles.The game itself is open world and both islands are living, breathing entities. Whether its people driving around, guards patrolling, or a lion prowling in the tall grasses of the jungle, there is always some form of activity going on in the background or around you. To explore this vast world, one can obtain ATVs, vehicles, boats or air gliders and enjoy the beautiful scenery of the Rook Islands. The scenery has lush jungles, waterfalls, white sandy beaches, clear blue waters, swamps, and green grasslands. The developers put a lot of thought in this game and it seems they added a bit of every biome in this title.You’ll notice outposts and telecommunication towers – the outposts provide you with a means of fast travel, a place to sell/buy items, and local militia to fight near your proximity. The telecommunication towers help you reveal large portions of the map so you can prioritize your next adventure or continue your way on the campaign. There are a few factions on the islands, but I won’t go into them since they may or may not be a spoiler (I’d rather be safe than sorry).With any open world game there is customization or crafting (most of the time) and this game delivers, even though it is on a smaller scale than other titles. Your crafting consists of killing wildlife and using their hides to make a bigger holster, a bigger ammo bag, etc. in order to obtain more items (ammo, syringes, etc.). You can customize guns (paint, scope, magazine, etc.), but don’t assume the customization is big compared to Battlefield titles or other shooting games. They do bare bones on customization with guns, but they do improve a big portion of the stats relating to the gun (aim, ammo capacity, range, etc.). They could have added more customization/crafting options in the game, but I did like the quests that one must obtain to maximize their crafting potential.The UI was clunky at times; I’d have to press multiple times of ESC to get back to the game as one example. The game was well enough to ignore the clunkiness of the UI and the game has a few years on it, so it isn’t ‘modernized’. I didn’t have any FPS drops or bottlenecking when playing this title. I never experienced any crashes or delays or audible problems that sounded off or distant. The voices were done in a way to have an emotional experience and trying to connect with the player when going through the campaign and experiencing the hardships from protagonist, his friends, and his enemies.A title like Far Cry 3 needs no spoilers and I truly think most people who like action adventure games will enjoy this title. I might not have done everything (finding relics, treasure, etc.), but I did finish the campaign and I would recommend this title to anyone. There are still a lot of content for me to finish, so this game is worth its price."
,Recommended,220240,12622043,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,pfury,Killed a shark with a Quad bike! 10/10
,Recommended,220240,14276582,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Ank,"Far Cry 3 is an open world first-person shooter published by Ubisoft Entertainment. It is the next installment of Far Cry series after Far Cry 2.Far Cry 3 gameplay, it has open world, it has small RPG element, and it has one of the best villain character ever. In my opinion Far Cry 3 open world feature is almost similar to Assassin's Creed where you have to climb a radio tower, interact some sort of panel to explore some area on the world around the tower. In Far Cry 3 you don't just get to shoot somebody and run. You can buy and upgrade weapons in store, level up getting new tattoos which conveniently giving you new abilities such as walk faster or something, also, there are some upgrades that require you to hunt for animals hide or plants. The best part is, when you shoot a tiger, it will fight back! Let your guard down and a leopard will eat you. Got bored? Maybe you should go to a village and play some poker games and rob those poker players. Do you want to become Hawkeye? Legolas? or maybe Rambo? Use explosive archer and blow some goats. Got angry? Use a flamethrower and burn the forest! Far Cry 3 has many great feature for a first-person shooter. You will like it.Far Cry 3 has cool graphics, it is one of the best graphics I've ever seen, not because its so advanced, but because the weapons first-person animation is unique, so alive and... Okay maybe it's not one of the best, but I like it. Far Cry 3 has very good performance.Too bad Far Cry 3 multiplayer feels like it has been left out, because it's not as awesome as the singleplayer mode. I was thinking the multiplayer will be more like huge maps on the same island, hundreds of players fighting together, something like that. Same thing about the cooperative play. But at least you get to blow something up with bow in singleplayer.Far Cry 3 is not bad, its good, I recommend this.Rating 8/10"
,Recommended,220240,26242871,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The Dandy,"Little did they realize, vaas's iconic line would fast become prophetic, as later sequels post-blood-dragon would be derivative, samey, and generally just far cry 3 but with nicer graphics and a simplified system.but far cry 3 is a masterpiece so i ain't ♥♥♥♥♥in!"
,Recommended,220240,12946722,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Codrin Bradea : Satana,Have I ever told you the definition of a good game?
,Not Recommended,220240,13998087,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,m0bius,"dear developers for thinking Uplay was a good idea....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198067256816,Not Recommended,220240,8189683,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SavageShow,"Game is great only problem is that is uses uplay and all it does is crash about every half hour, my computer handles the game on high and all it seems to do is crash, very dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,220240,12766792,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,dorkwithagun567,"don't buy this game on steam. it has so many problems, check the forums. this game should probably be removed from steam completely and everyone refunded their money, but steam would'nt do something that upright."
76561197971432547,Not Recommended,220240,8186540,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ghola,"I haven't yet started the game, but it forces you to install Uplay which acts as spyware on you and your gaming and is known to cause lockouts on your Ubisoft games to ""protect you"" from fraud. Buyer beware for Ubisoft games. Last purchase from them."
,Recommended,220240,34378876,Posted: 20 August,all,Baines,"I will only review the single-player aspect of the gameFar Cry 3. The third installment in the Far Cry franchise, although old (two new ones out as of yet) this game is still relevant, which is rare for a title over 5 years old. Far Cry 3 offers an experience unlike its predecessors and other games on the market. Present or past.Pros:Map: Far Cry 3 is set on a tropical island in the north/south Pacific ocean (not sure ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ). The map is amazing, and extremely large offering hours of extra content after the campaign.Characters: All the main/side characters are brilliantly voice acted and seem realistic, towards the end, you begin to actually care about all the characters, bad or good.The antagonist(s): Well... Vass... He's amazing. You actually believe this guy is fukn insane! He's brilliantly voice acted, all his missions are entertaining and every time you think you have finally caught him he throws another curve ball. Don't believe me? He won ""Best New Character"" at the Canadian Videogame Award.Yep, Vass is an antagonist! - However, just play the game, to figure out more.Gameplay: Hours of gameplay available, hunting, side-missions. endless forests to explore and skills to require. Enemies are enjoyable to kill.Combat: Combos are amazing. After awhile, you actually see Jason Brody get better (after unlocking skills) and it feels awesome, simultaneously killing 3 pirates with one takedown. The gunplay is fun, however sometimes feels clunky.Hunting: First time you hunt, it's cool. Finding more dangerous animals in the wild is a challenge, and you often die. It isn't super 'grindy' either, as there's a lot of animals in the world, with their dedicated zones. Making certain animals easy to find.  However, after 6-9 hours it's pretty useless.Campaign.  A. M. A. Z. I. N. G - One of my favorites, due to the characters (especially Vass)Cons:Uplay....Deaths: Sometimes death feel stupid, or you will just commit suicide whilst running near a cliff (or at least in my experience)...  Think it has become too much for, Jason...AI: They're pretty stupid. BUT they're still fun to kill, stealth is amazing.- Wait this is more of a pro...Multiplayer: Dead AF (rip)Overall Rating9/10Only because it wasn't a perfect game, I still wish the multiplayer could be worked on a bit more, but the 9 goes to the single-player alone. Thanks for reading my review, and I hope you'll get your hands on this amazing game. :)"
,Recommended,220240,18227486,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,miedzinsh,"Found a mushroom in a cave. 10/10, would trip balls again."
,Not Recommended,220240,8693889,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Kodeir,"The game itself is fine, but the company itself has robbed me of hours and hours of my time trying to access the content I purchased from them. Ubisoft, Ubisoft technical support, and UPLAY can all cease to exist for all I care. I'm sorry that the studio that worked on this game has a publisher so dedicated to alienating and punishing their paying customers. At least when EA ♥♥♥♥s me over, they ♥♥♥♥ me over with working games and services."
,Recommended,220240,20487567,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Ozgyr,Citra's boobies
,Recommended,220240,12221560,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ownosourus,"If there's one thing Far Cry 3 does incredibly well, it's give you a very detailed, open-ended game world that's loaded up with so many optional objectives, collectibles and side missions that you'll probably put the game's main narrative on hold in favor of exploring. It's a fantastic-looking first person shooter with a great combat system, and while the main story isn't exactly Shakespeare, there's enough interesting stuff going on to more than make up for it.Far Cry 3 takes players to the tropical paradise of Rook Island, where Jason, a young 20-something vacationing in the South Pacific with his friends, is captured by a notorious pirate gang led by the violently insane Vaas. After losing his brother in an escape attempt, Jason is rescued by a man named Dennis, who brands Jason with a mysterious tattoo. Apparently, Jason has the hidden potential to become the legendary warrior that the local tribe, the Rakyat, and it's up to you to save your friends, free Rook Island from the pirates and most importantly, kill Vaas.While Far Cry 3 may not have the same kind of gritty narrative that's chock full of grim moral ambiguity like its predecessor, Far Cry 2, the adrenaline-fueled, action-packed adventure that Far Cry 3 offers instead is still entertaining. Each story mission has a nice mix of open-ended game play and scripted sequences that can be a lot of fun to play through, but when you're crawling through ancient Chinese ruins trying to find a mythical artifact, hidden away centuries ago, or the leader of the Rakyat starts talking about how great a warrior you are, it can feel like Far Cry 3 is taking a few ideas from other popular action-adventures and trying to put a darker, edgier twist to them - and it can come across as a tad melodramatic as a result.One of the most intriguing things about Rook Island is that it has a really complex ecosystem that feels active and alive. Throughout your travels, you'll encounter flora and fauna of all shapes and sizes, from wild boars and leopards to birds of paradise. You're just as likely to be killed by a tiger or a Komodo dragon as a gun-toting pirate or mercenary, and you'll occasionally run into skirmishes between the Rakyat and pirate forces. As you progress through the game, you'll get to see how your actions have an impact on this environment. The island starts out full of enemy-occupied outposts, and hacked radio towers make navigation difficult by shrouding large chunks of your in-game map. But as you liberate those towers and outposts, they'll reveal the surrounding area and reduce the pirates' influence in the region.Liberating Rook Island is where Far Cry 3's impressive combat comes into play. Almost every engagement offers flexibility as to how you want to take out your opponents, and you'll build up a large arsenal of customizable weapons provided you've spent some time unlocking radio towers and looting corpses and containers for cash. Every gun, such as shotguns, silenced pistols or flamethrowers, have their own uses in a firefight, depending on if you like fast-paced battles with lots of explosions and bullets or if you prefer something that lets you be more quiet and subtle.Far Cry 3 also introduces skill and crafting systems for improving your abilities and making equipment. Completing missions and killing enemies will grant you skill points to use on various perks that'll increase your health, damage resistance or allow you to pull off nifty action hero moves, like being able to fire a gun while riding down a zipline or using an enemy as an impromptu human shield as you gun down his buddies with his own sidearm. The crafting system is oriented around making items to support you in your adventure. Most of the island's animals can be killed and skinned to give you the materials to craft larger grenade or ammo pouches, and you'll also forage for plants to make syringes that either heal you or give temporary bonuses, like detecting enemies or animals through walls.Far Cry 3 does have a few minor issues that could've used a bit more polish. Navigating the myriad of menus can be a pain for one, and occasionally the context-sensitive HUD has issues distinguishing whether you want to pick up a weapon or loot a corpse. Also, whatever behind the scenes mechanic controlling the random placement of NPCs can seem overeager to spawn enemies for you to encounter, leading to weird instances where you drive along an empty stretch of road only to watch as a truck-full of pirates materializes behind you. Thankfully, that happens so rarely that's it's more of a minor annoyance than anything else, but it can break the immersion slightly when it does.If you need a break from the already content-heavy single player portion of the game, Far Cry 3 also has a robust multiplayer component with a Call of Duty-style style leveling system that'll unlock new weapons, equipment, and ally-boosting abilities as you play. Far Cry 3 also comes with a four player co-op mode, where you and a handful of friends can play through a side-narrative of four people seeking vengeance against a cruise liner captain that tried to sell them out to pirates.Far Cry 3's single player story may have its ups and downs, but it's still an incredibly in-depth action experience. Its combat and open-ended gameplay is engaging and well-designed, and there are plenty of incentives to explore the game world to see what you can find. The multiplayer modes, while not as detailed, are a nice extra feature that's just as enjoyable as the single player campaign."
,Not Recommended,220240,25034669,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Marioddd1,Game: Far cry 3 has stopped workingMe: OK*Refunds*Ubisoft: NIEN!*Cancels refund*0/10 would struggle with game crashing and not being able to refund again.Also screw off uplay
,Recommended,220240,12601576,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,DaPhuuLz,"Outstanding Open World FPS set on the Beautiful and Dangerous Tropical Islands.Some Bad:Suffering from some FOV Issue where it's fixed at Low FOV in most of the story sequences and some actions/animations such as Climbing, Driving, Openning Door. Which may cause mild nauseous. But fortunately they're not so frequent.Also no Motion Blur and Mouse Acceleration options, but they can be turning off by modifying the config file.Lacking of separate Audio Slider sometime the BGM is too loud and cannot hear the conversation.Some Good:The Graphics look absolutely gorgeous with the proper Options for Low-Spec PC to High-end PC.Freedom in how you can play. Though you need to unlock the Skill trees buy doing Main Quests to some extent on the vanilla gameplay.Mods, Lots of Mods that gives you Varieties in how the game can be played.Memorable Characters: The Characters you met in the game are pretty interesting.Crafting, Hunting, Mini-Games, Side Quests... So many things to do.-Recommended!-"
,Recommended,220240,28582617,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,karthikdgr8,"""Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is ?"" Best Villain Ever !!!!!! Vaas !!!"
,Not Recommended,220240,12944204,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,khornez,"I wonder why do i own a Steam account if they are going to force me to make another account in another game platform then give me trouble trying to register, log in and connect for a game i bought FOR STEAM."
76561198206081924,Recommended,220240,31785059,Posted: 16 May,all,Dechmont27,Pros:>The story is exciting>The character backstories are interesting>Weapon customization and crafting upgrades is fun>The graphics still hold up today>Enemies are well balancedCons:>♥♥♥♥♥♥ UplayI would recommend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,220240,17508242,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Sally,The first mission is pretty long and is hard AF!You know.... the one where you have to start up this new account on Uplay...Then refuses to open the game....when its not updating itself of course.....10/10 would pay to play WITHOUT Uplay....
,Recommended,220240,24521816,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Dargox59x,Completed this game on PS3 and PC.I loveeee this game!But i hate UPLAY!BUY IT ANYWAY!!9/10
,Recommended,220240,31052458,Posted: 9 April,all,RegularShowMemorabilia,"In my opinion, this was the last good Far Cry game.With a great story, interesting characters, amazing gameplay mechanics and a beautiful open world to explore in the Rook Islands, there is not much to nitpick about this game, aside from the QTE boss fights, the controverisal two endings and the infrequent bugs that occur.Far Cry 4 was okay, Primal was awful, to me, this was the last good Far Cry game to ever come out.This is definitely worth your money, along with the DLC."
76561197974513508,Not Recommended,220240,25072815,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Pvt. Parts,"If I could downvote just Uplay I would... because trying to get this game to run has been a nightmare.Uplay is a useless application, that adds little to no value to the players, in an attempt to sell us more Unisoft games while we try to launch the games we've already bought. Fair enough, give me points and in-game crap, and show me your other titles, but please make a working launcher that doesn't break my games.Uplay, steam won. Get over it. Go call up EA and cry together in a bar somewhere, and quit ruining otherwise good games and wasting my time with your B.S."
,Not Recommended,220240,12651709,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Squirlly,"Uplay. It ruins the game and if it isn't even working properly, you can't even play the game you own."
76561198077026522,Recommended,220240,20719616,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,STARCAT,"This game consists of 5 things:insanity,traveling,killings,discovering and escape!This game is full of freaks which try to r*pe you!This game will teach you kill animals!This game has weird dialogues!This game has Vaas!This game will show you how to have sex and then die!This game has plenty noobs in multiplayer!This game will turn you into a rat!This game is 10 out of 10!"
76561198071857380,Not Recommended,220240,17638786,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Literally This,0/10 Uplay
,Recommended,220240,33056153,Posted: 30 June,all,DesperagoN,"I loved this. Played way after its release but it  is a good and solid game, with many to do! :D"
76561198071994116,Not Recommended,220240,14863202,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,H.T.C. OneShot,"The game looks awesome as ♥♥♥♥, but if and only if you can start the game... for the last 10 hours i am trying to get in with no luck... I love farcry and i LOOOOOVE Assassin's creed, but i hate that Uplay in the guts!!! I just want to play the game i bought and they tell me that i cant because i cant connect online!Dont even get me started on how i lost Black Flag from my Uplay library, wrote a ticket 10 days ago and still no answer from THESE FREAKNG ♥♥♥♥S !!!Save the gamer, ban the Uplay !!!!!"
,Not Recommended,220240,12882888,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,maelwys,"The good: FarCry 3 is a beautiful game. It handles well, vehicles are fun, combat is fluid, and you can sneak or go full auto as you like for most missions. There is great variety of things to do, many items to collect across the islands, and cool places to explore. Some minor RPG elements are added, but it is still a FPS at heart of course, so combat dominates.The bad: I think the story was written by 16 year olds. I had to stop playing half way through because I just couldn't take it any more."
76561198029381626,Recommended,220240,13868171,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,cake,"I knew it from the very beginning. Far cry series are pretty amazing, so, the third one, wouldn't be a step behind.Luxurious evolution from the second one makes it more than desirable.Far Cry 3 makes you free, makes you wild, makes you the king of the islands.Extraordinary graphics & gameplay with a cool story.For those who have a lot of creativity there is also a Far Cry 3 map editor :)10/10- i think that the specie of bears of the game is ""pedobear"", there is always one after me for no reason D;Rakyat sasha is out, peace."
76561198113336040,Not Recommended,220240,12969273,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mati033,"The game is not played on steam. Its supported by Uplay which is a big pain in the back side, i just brought the game and i can't play it duo to the Uplay system problems ect"
,Not Recommended,220240,12949082,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Munchies,"Avoid until/IF uPlay fixes their serversI Purchased theFar cry Franchise Packhowever, becauseuPlayis complete♥♥♥♥♥♥  It tells me the server is unavailible, and it did this to me about 6 or so months ago when i tried to activate another product.. should be fixed by now?.. i cannot activate FC2, FC3 and most probably FC Blood dragon when that downloads, I love all of the far cry games and i would reccomend, just not on PC because you probably wont be able to play them* thanks to that oso wonderful DRM that never worked!*some people dont have problems it seems :/. I do though, and this serves as a heads up, that you MAY encounter serious issues with this product.9/10 Such Fail Many Pirate. Legit.-Far Cry 1 doesnotneeduPlay, Thus No DRM and can be played from steam with no hassel.Edit-Far Cry 2 Works,OFFLINE, Without the Fortunes Pack.The FC3 Map Editor Works (Navigate to where the game is installed and run FC3Editor.exe)I am currently waiting for a response from ubisoft support.. so maybe my problem can be solved eh?"
76561197972084026,Not Recommended,220240,30350009,Posted: 5 March,all,RubbahDuckie,A decent game that's completely ruined by Uplay.
,Not Recommended,220240,12963772,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,puh puh puh pirate ghost!,"Similar to others, Uplay completely breaks this game. I was able to install the main game, but it does not recognize any DLC or anything else from the Deluxe edition that is on sale."
,Recommended,220240,12396196,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Super Sexy Solaire,"""Have I ever told you the definition of insanity..."""
,Recommended,220240,13013589,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Fresh Meat,"I paid real money to play a game called ""Updating Uplay.""10/10 would wait impatiently again. Mountain Dew and Doritos."
,Recommended,220240,23557921,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Junkrat Doggo,"This game holds a very special place in my heart. Far Cry 3 is a nearly perfect game. I picked this game up during the Christmas Steam sale and I enjoyed it a bunch. I was hooked almost instantly. The shooting and combat in this game are great, and the multiple choices your given to tackle some missions also adds to its diversity. The multiplayer is it's biggest set back for me. Not the team deathmatches and stuff like that, but the co-op missions. I felt like the story could've more work. I love this game and the ""big"" set back isn't really massive. Far Cry 3 is an excellent game to play any day and I highly recommend you pick it up"
76561197993966956,Not Recommended,220240,30354472,Posted: 6 March,all,FlakMagnet,"This is a review in 2 parts.The game is fine. It's dated, and the game is far less 'open' than it tries to pretend, but it's what you expect. It's a bit of fun, and for that, it's worth what I paid. I bought it on sale, and the game content is worth the £5 asking price.So why....you ask....do I not give this a positive reply?UPlay. Short for 'unplayable'It took me longer to get UPlay to work than Steam spent downloading the damn game. It messed about with passwords, it blocked me playing, and only after time wasted tearing out my own hair did it let me link my ID to steam and acknowledge that I had the game.The release notes do not ask you if you want this wretched piece of Spyware installed. They just do it. Was I playing online....no. I was playing OFFLINE through steam. Why force this foetid piece of stinking manure on players playing offline where no DRM is needed.Can I play with no internet...no.Does my net speed tank when I fire up this game.....yesDoes this need to happen at all....NO!If Ubisoft take their stupid piece of rubbish DRM and poke it firmly where it deserves to be shoved, then I would give this game a much better rating. As it is .... they won't and I will be requesting a refund."
76561198078230699,Not Recommended,220240,12385536,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Sproux,"I love this game but, uplay."
,Not Recommended,220240,18512521,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,"1,3,7-Trimethylxanthin","FarCry is a nice game, but....♥♥♥♥ U-PLAY!!!I bought this game on Steam, why is Ubisoft forcing me to install thier crap on my PC?!PS: I recommend to disable all these U-Play-autoruns in Windows, try autoruns.exe from sysinternals..."
,Not Recommended,220240,12953982,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Abitron,"I've been hearing this game was awesome, it sure would be but... its totally a disaster! Cant play because two main points:* Bad Sound, sometimes it just stop and cant hear anything, still cant fix it and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.* Uplay, yes... I know the game is a little bit old(not that all) but... yes... you have to download Uplay, play through Uplay and stuff...Sincerely... not recommended.. yes it is on sale... but it's up to you guys, Have a nice day!."
,Recommended,220240,29987296,Posted: 17 February,all,★ Bartes ★,"Far Cry 3According to me this is the best game from the entire series. The plot tells the story of Jason Brody, who together with friends is kidnapped by pirates during the holidays. Unfortunately, our hero escapes and decides to save his friends and brother. Location which will visit are two very large size islands on which we will have free access to travel through using a variety of vehicles. The game is split into a very interesting story missions and side quests which are designed to help us improve our character. One of the most important secondary thing is to climb on a towers those actions unlock new side missions, cases with loot and items to the collection like letters and other things. Another important thing is the bases that we have to liberate, either silently or a loud. The game offers a good amount of fun and exploration, a great story and characters, brilliant soundtrack, interesting side missions in the dlc and a large amount of diffrent weapons. There is also a multiplayer mode which is cool but no one is playing and there is cooperative campaign up to 4 people which is fun to play together with friends. In my opinion Far Cry 3 is a brilliant production and sincerely I can recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,220240,29219652,Posted: 13 January,all,POWERFUL CAPTAIN,ez comebackyou will always comeback to play this game once again :D
,Recommended,220240,25880526,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,B I G   P I M P,You can burn weed while listening to Skrillex.420/10
,Recommended,220240,14441727,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Shippo1992,"I definitely had a pretty good ride with this game. I was introduced into this series with Far Cry 4, with this being the second game I've played in the series. I've noticed a lot of similarites between the two games, in terms of gameplay and such. Regardless, I still had a lot of fun with the game as I loved Far Cry 4, so was bound to like this one as well. Solid graphics and gameplay. I don't really have much to complain about them. You have good combat as there are various ways to go with any situation, whether stealth or head on. Lots of stuff to explore and collect, side missions to do, and more. In terms of story, it serves the setting and game well. It kept me interested and wanting more. Setting is pretty good as well, taking place on an island with lots of mountains, forests, vegatation, caves, ocean, lakes, and much more. Lots to explore on this island. To be honest, I did have some mixed feelings with the last few events at the ending of the story, but overall, was satisfied and happy with the ending I chose and how it turned out. It took me about 36 hours to get 99% completion, for those wondering. I enjoyed the music of the game as well. A fair amount of times during the game's story where I thought it choice of music was quite suited and pretty cool. Overall, there's a lot to do in this game, from hunting, to racing, to assassination missions, to liberating villages, and much more. I was left pretty happy, impressed, and satisfied with this game. Would have no problem playing this game again, as I think of it to be a really great game that I'd definitely recommend to anyone. Two thumbs up from me!"
76561198361576907,Recommended,220240,31660923,Posted: 10 May,all,IronicProfileName,"After 55 hours of hunting exotic wildlife from Sumatran Tigers to Komodo dragons, gathering plants for making narcotic cocktails, battling African pirates, arms dealers, human traffickers, mercenaries, & drug lords, I finally beat FARCRY3. The story never compelled me but the games self awareness makes it fun as the hero revels in how much fun it is in just blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up or lighting things on fire. This game definitely lives up to its title as being transported to this lawless third world tropical island overflowing with insanity is an eerie experience that's as far removed from Western civilization as it's possible to get. Felt like playing a pulpy 80's action movie with a soundtrack & villains to match. Grade A-"
76561198029357291,Recommended,220240,26133020,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Homo Speakus Erectus,I go back to this game at least once a year. Always feels like in discovering it all over. Some of the best fun you can have in a fps
,Not Recommended,220240,14895659,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,US ECONOMY,UPLAY do I need to say something else?Thats how you turn a great game into a unplayable piece of ***
,Not Recommended,220240,12969155,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,EvFadh,Uplay
,Recommended,220240,22819812,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,右拳馬雅可夫斯基,10/10 The best simulation of poker
,Not Recommended,220240,12878976,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Bamboozled_Emu,"I enjoyed the many hours I spent on this game.... after paying for it (again) on my Xbox 360. This version requires uplay which S-U-C-K-S!! The key I recieved could not be validated by uplay, which is strange because Blood Dragon works and plays fine.DO NOT BUY ON STEAM/ PC!!!"
,Not Recommended,220240,33936105,Posted: 31 July,all,WWBENE,"Fantastic game, but I'm not recommending it because Ubisoft messed up my Uplay account and it wouldn't launch anymore. They said too bad and Steam didn't help either. Had to just delete it. Thanks Ubisoft! 3rd party ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198127306199,Not Recommended,220240,13740004,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,god_online,Uplay ruins it
76561198110920318,Recommended,220240,26375399,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,damiansayshi,"An amazing open world game! I had so much fun with this gem. I have had no problems with Uplay, even though it can get annoying by having additional 3rd Party software, but youll get used to using it.Solid 9/10 from me! (-="
,Recommended,220240,28478043,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rickster James,This game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥Vaas is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥Hoyt felt rushedBut this game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,220240,12958142,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Paul,"**This game has broken networking**Beware, if you have more than one network card or have virtual network cards (via VPN, VMware, Virtualbox, etc), this game will probably not be able to connect you to anything.Sincerely,Person who bought this game for the coop features :/"
,Recommended,220240,18405687,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"9.2/10 - Exciting Story, Large, Open, Destrucatble WorldOne of the better games you can grab for the price. A top 20 on any list. Fluid gameplay, great graphics and a massive open world. If you enjoy Fallout 3, Just Cause or similar games you will love this one.You play as Jason, an American traveling with his friends. The plane goes down and they are taken hostage by a band of local rebels. Can you follow the path of the warrior and free your friends before it's too late?Overall, I don't love being stuck it first person, but this game is so well done that it's not an inconvienece at all! Worth full price but you should grab for around $6!Accidently ReviewedHundreds of Reviews, Thousands of Members and FREE games for you! No Strings attached. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!  [Comeback Tour 2017 - 11]Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,220240,12525503,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,NUFCThomas,"""Run. Forrest, Run!"""
,Not Recommended,220240,21050034,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,nickgovier,"I thought I bought Far Cry 3 but it turns out I accidentally bought something called ""Uplay"" instead?  Refund please."
76561198209041992,Not Recommended,220240,33676047,Posted: 20 July,all,Luigi,I finally buy this game from the franchise i love and  when its done installing I get extreamly excited to play when suddenly U MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING PLAY appears on my desktop. I shrug it off as no big deal and i go to open far cry when ubisoft opens aswell. Being me again i just create an account and shurg it off as no big deal. Then I go to open the game and it says failed to connect to uplay so this ends up being my first negitive review on a game. FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF UPLAY
76561198158436907,Not Recommended,220240,22075610,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,god,my 3 legged dog runs better than uplay
76561198157308678,Not Recommended,220240,33538291,Posted: 14 July,all,PyromonicRR,"I wouldn't recommend this game because of ubisoft and uplay, I just downloaded and tried to play the game. I havn't been able to play it because uplay if all ♥♥♥♥ed up and won't launch and connect to it's servers."
,Recommended,220240,27348064,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zarveth,"In this tropical island we learn about Jason Brody and his group of friends. After their vacation goes horribly wrong, they end up being kidnapped by the islands pirates. Jason now has to deal with the fact that all of his friends are in the hands of pirate army. Being the only one from the group who escaped the hand's of the pirates, with the help of his older brother who passed away giving his life to save Jason's. He now has to tame the wild jungle to help take down the pirates and free his beloved friends.I seriously recommend this game to anyone who wants to play an adventure game and wants to connect with the characters and their life situations. The gameplay is just amazing and full of interesting surprises!"
,Not Recommended,220240,8132190,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Junebug,"Disney's Pocahontas With An M-RatingThe ending is enough to justify a negative review but I'll go more in depth...It's a Taken/Pocahontas story we've heard before: bunch of bored, spoiled, rich, white kids travel to a deserted island where they get jumped by Spanish-speaking pirates and are held for ransom. One of them runs away (the player) and the story somehow turns into a heroic epic to save Pocahontas, her people, and the friends the player character is slowly caring less and less about. Pocahontas and her people grant him powers that they possess but can't use the way he does (or at all) because he's American and they're incompetent and he's special and blah blah blah. Then it turns out, the people who've been helping you are actually evil all along. Wow, plot twist!This may just be me but the constant notifications bugged me. A lot. The game doesn't stop pestering you until you check every notification even though you've been notified of the same thing a billion times before that. IknowI got a relic, game. I chose to pick it up! IknowI can craft a medical syringe; that's why I got the green leaves to begin with! Hell, this game notified me so much that, after the first 15 minutes, I already knew how to craft all of the basic pouches and syringes. If I needed to remember, I could just look in the menu. I don't need constant notifications pestering me.It's a simpler version of Assassin's Creed mechanics in FPS mode. Don't get me wrong, the developers should be able to recycle their mechanics—it's their game. The gameplay was entertaining and the graphics were absolutely breathtaking but there were still too many similarities between Ezio's game and FC3 that I couldn't keep separate. LiberatingBorgia towersoutposts, climbing to the highest pointand synchronizinggetting radio towers working, anddoing the Leap of Faithziplining down became a tedious chore after the 3rd time. I found it more fun to attempt a Leap of Faith and send Jason Brody awkwardly stumbling down the tower to his untimely death. ""Stealthing"", or more accurately crouching right under your enemy's noses (sometimes literally) and hobbling about, is a joke that made me laugh several times. I'm sure that was unintentional.The story felt as uninspired as the protagonist—who is the most boring player character I've ever had the misfortune of controlling. In Assassin's Creed, Ubisoft made mewantto do the mini-missions and care about the people just as much as the awesome main missions wechoseto do. Whereas in FC3, I tended to skip every single mini-mission because I just couldn't care. Sometimes the main missions were just as mind-numbing as the side missions. As someone else said, the game felt more linear because it forced me to go certain directions and do certain things rather than being the promised open world it should have been. I'd get notifications throughout the game saying that if I stepped out of indistinguishable bounds, I'd forfeit a mission I didn't even know I accepted. With some near-identical mechanics, I couldn't help but constantly think about how much I missed playing Assassin's Creed, especially with its superior storytelling and better sandbox gameplay.Last but not least,cultural appropriation+antiblackness+noble savagestrope =not cool. The cultural inaccuracies were played out and the racial fetishism made everything feel skeevy. Maori people and Pakatan Rakyat leaders wouldnotbe happy to see the defiling of their history, culture, and traditions. Not cool, Ubisoft.TLDR:This game's an unoriginal, hot mess that stinks like moist butts basking in fresh, warm urine with gameplay that reminds me too much of Assassin's Creed. They had so much originality with Assassin's Creed that they failed to do the same with the latest Far Cry entry. Even more debilitating is Ubisoft's blatant disrespect for indigenous people and black people. You might as well watch an episode of Rugrats where they dress up in racist tribal regalia because you'd be getting the same disgusting result. Skip this and play Blood Dragon instead.2/10"
,Not Recommended,220240,21341302,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,D4,Uplay is cancer.
76561198001392068,Not Recommended,220240,18539837,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Kenny,"Uplay....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,220240,14135879,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,UrbanFury,uplay
76561198030457415,Recommended,220240,3998197,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,Jarda-ředitel zeměkoule.:CZE:.,"Celkové hodnocení hry 75-85 % v některých úkolech 100 %+ fauna+ flora+ velká lokace+ osvobozování piráckých základen+ likvidace piráckých velitelů i s kumpány  ( Musí zemřít )+ cesty lovce+ herní doba+ lezení po vysílačích ( rušičkách )+ lítání+/- řízení aut- léčení, to mě skoro vždy přivede do hrobu, hlavně obvazování rány a šťouráníklackem nebo nožem v ráně"
76561198069805785,Not Recommended,220240,12966931,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Prolaming,"Great game ruined by broken save system. Buy if you like walks in the jungle, but don´t if you enjoy collecting. completing, lvling etc. Yeah, there is one autosave, but three save slots not working."
,Recommended,220240,9618609,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Brosky,"After completing Far Cry 3 on normal difficulty, I am now playing through once more on the hardest difficulty and am trying to complete all of the missions this time. I usually don't play through a game twice, but this game is worth it. There are so many things I like about this game, where to start...Open World: Far Cry 3 offers a massive, beautiful open world and allows the player to choose one's pace. You can explore the island, do missions, build up skills, build up gear, and follow the story all on your own time. The world is full of goodies like treasures, relics, wildlife (useful and some dangerous), plants, missions, vehicles, and more.Story: A very simplistic summary would be that you play as a guy who was on a nice trip with his brothers and friends, but then things go downhill and you wakeup in a cage with your brother. You must then escape and save your friends all while building new skills and learning about the island. Of course, it is a rather intricate and enticing storyline that keeps you on the edge of your seat, especially when things heat up.Gameplay: Unlike most first person shooters, there are so many ways you can choose to play. You can do the traditional guns-a-blazin, you can be like Hitman and stealth your way through, you can be like James Bond and use your surroundings to unleash hell on your enemies, or you can do what I did which is all of the above.Characters: I thought the characters were very well done. One of the main antagonists in the game, Vaas, is personally my favorite video game villain I have encountered. A very interesting character indeed, though I won't say more than that, you will have to play it and find out for yourself. Besides Vaas, the other characters were also very well designed.Weapons: This game has a weapon for everyone. Pistols, SMGs, LMGs, Snipers, Assault Riffles, Flame Thrower, RPG, Grenade Launcher, Bow, Flare Gun, Explosives, etc. When your weapon holster is maxed out you can carry four weapons. They are all very well balanced, nothing is too underpowered and nothing too overpowered. Very well done.Vehicles: A fair variety of vehicles. Everything you would expect on an island like the one in Far Cry 3. Once again, nothing is too under or overpowered when it comes to vehicles. My favorite would have to be the glider, quite unique and very fun to use.I could go on, but I'll just add one more thing because I think it was incorporated quite well. There are a few instances throughout the game where you are giving some type of drug that sends your character on hallucinogenic, soul searching journeys. They were quite entertaining and really added to the whole storyline. This is definitely a stoner-friendly game, however I haven't smoked while playing (yet anyway), though it would be fun.Overall I would give this a 95/100. Not a perfect game, but very captivating. I'm also not a big fan of the Uplay launcher, but my rating didn't reflect on the launcher, just the single player game."
,Not Recommended,220240,12935137,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,שלום,Downgraded Farcry 2.It's fun of course.But the far cry I knew wasnt fun.It was hardcore.
,Recommended,220240,34213609,Posted: 13 August,all,Bompar,"An absolutely amazing game! Buy it, play it and then play it again. There's a lot of stuff to do.Main story is really awesome. Yeah and...did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?"
,Recommended,220240,13743534,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kenuty,"I didn't review this game a while back  but I did beat itPeople have been asking me is this game worth the price its going for nowThe answer is simple. Farcry 4 is exactly like this but upgraded in graphics, coop and mechanics.This game is what started it all and for 7 bucksso in short♥♥♥♥ YES!"
,Recommended,220240,13773990,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FrontRUSSIAN,Three words : Vaas is awesome
,Recommended,220240,27891176,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,arhif,"beautifull graphic and wide area roam map makes me always say ""wow, yes, beautifulll"""
,Not Recommended,220240,8151278,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,߷ spinninnnn monkey hats ߷,"Won't start, have tried every fix possible but it still doesn't work. I'm amazed Ubisoft STILL hasn't fixed this."
76561198073402847,Not Recommended,220240,22069509,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,***<<<DooM>>>***,"Torrent version:- download- Install and playSteam version:- download- install U(don't)Play- register in U(don't)Play- input a key in U(don't)Play- Enjoy the game srashes when you buy items==Instant refund requestUplay....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Recommended,220240,23397618,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Inspirit,"Had it on console, bought it again on pc and it's probably my favourite game of all time."
,Not Recommended,220240,8689482,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,ChaseS19,"Far Cry 3 features great gameplay and a beautiful world. However, its uninteresting characters, and stupid overly long story turn it into a boring mess. Fun, but you just want to give up on it after a while."
,Not Recommended,220240,16454998,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,cRochie,"An abosolute joke of a game, bought it, tried to click play, loads for 3-5 seconds and does nothing. Can't launch the game. Buy it somewhere else, because uPlay are ♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Not Recommended,220240,9245503,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Pro Silver 1 ®,"I bought this game based on positive reviews, but is very annoying to let so many applications work on background. Steam got to work, now Uplay needs to be installed to start the game and Ubisoft account to be created too. First game start went bad, game crashed (App is alredy running). That uplay serves a lot of ads through his interface....Steps to start a game:1. connect to internet2. start steam3. start uplay4. log in uplay5. start FC3"
,Not Recommended,220240,9232944,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Dama,"Uplay and Punkbuster. That about sums it up, really."
76561198085573381,Not Recommended,220240,12967268,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,hozyayinlesa,Overall Far Cry 3 has a:Boring and repetitive gameplayDull storyEmpty and forgettable charactersPoorly designed open world that looks the same everywhereOverrated review scores
,Recommended,220240,9157589,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ad1o [x],"In process of development of technologies of game with the open world all become richer also nasyshchenny, and their superiority over linear games – more and more pronounced. Far Cry 3 – fine to that an example. Competently combining successful elements of two previous episodes (apart from console backs-off the Instincts series), this shooter it is quite expected – and it is deserved – becomes the favourite in the genre. The Geympleyny mechanics also was enriched with a stealth – villains obediently go to that place where you threw a stone, and thus hold up a back under a knife, – but the stealth carries out also other essential function: allows to hide from patrols. Posts and patrols in the second Far Cry at any stage started irritating terribly with the abundance and sticktoitiveness – extreme devils persistently pursued you everywhere while you didn't calm them a well-aimed bullet, and to pass their unnoticed it was difficult. Here the visibility indicator and as soon as you see is provided that the opponent paid attention to your location, it is possible to hide quickly behind a bush, and that will go further on the affairs. Very conveniently to regulate thus number of casual firefights. (This my opinion and it can not coincide with yours)."
,Recommended,220240,29134248,Posted: 8 January,all,Izhaaq996,An AmazingMASTERPIECEin the FarCry Series!Astounding view of Jungle! Alot of Easter Eggs.Great Artwork and Music.Amazing Villains.Yeah there are two villains.10/10 A must have PC game.
,Recommended,220240,34161513,Posted: 10 August,all,kraft punk,you play as a white♥♥♥♥♥kid from cali who goes on a bloody rampage to kill as many minorities as possible on an island.good game.
,Recommended,220240,17209666,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ReconSixth,When I launch from Steam - require uplay. When I launch from uplay - require Steam.
,Recommended,220240,35040051,Posted: 17 September,all,WeedPizza,"best far cry game of all time. Good game, good storyline. 11/10"
,Recommended,220240,8543046,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,icaroferracini,"Far Cry 3 is a great game. The island is really a living place and you can spend a good amount of time by traveling in some car or hunting some animals. By the way, this is the best game to use a bow, I really enjoyed use it during all the game, the gameplay is fantastic.It has some great music, sound effects and voice acting but the story could be much better, but it is almost ok. You start trying to save your friends but after some point later in the game I completely forgot about them (and I feel bad for saying it, LOL), but I was having too much fun playing around in the island, going to new towers and hunting new animals between the missions... Well, what can I do?On the other hand, Vaas is a great and unique character, unfortunatelly the others aren't that interesting as him (except one soldier in later game...), every time you encounter him is very cool (and crazy).After all that I went to co-op, which is a very linear and short storyline, but is fun and works great. In every mission you will face some sort of competition with your friends (sniper, jet ski, rpgs, buggies, ...) and that makes it even more fun and a lot less repetitive. You should play it."
76561198155697942,Recommended,220240,34652781,Posted: 31 August,all,Tseveen,Perfect game <3
,Not Recommended,220240,30342532,Posted: 5 March,all,Vhaine,Tried to play the game.  Couldn't remember uplay password.  Locked out.  IP ban for unspecified amount of time.  Go to Ubishaft website.  Captcha from hell.  Try online support.  1 hour in the queue.♥♥♥♥♥UPLAY.  I had forgotten why I swore to never buy another Ubisoft game.  Thanks Ubsoft.  I remember now.  Screw you.  Avoid Uplay at all costs.  We don't need more DRM in our DRM.
,Not Recommended,220240,17989650,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Octavarium,"A great open-world shooter. The story is merely okay as it is essentially a massive fetch quest, but other than that the game is solid. The gunplay is great and exploring the landscape is fun. I do wish Ubisoft would get away from this tower-climbing nonsense but thankfully its not in integral element of this game. I've already had a lot of fun with the game, and am looking forward to spending some more time with it.Anyways, thumbs down because uplay."
76561198306954763,Recommended,220240,31992631,Posted: 27 May,all,Daniel65_schmlif_Gamekit.com,The best single player game i ever played
,Not Recommended,220240,14904816,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Panicinthefarm,Starts game...you have to sign in uplay to play...okay.do that....starts game.....game at loading screen..cantwait.jpg...game doesnt load after 5 minutes....game doesnt load after 10 minutes...uninstalls game...♥♥♥♥ you uplay
,Recommended,220240,30251730,Posted: 28 February,all,Nec,"Amazing FPS open world game with a solid story. Seems like every once in a blue moon games like this come around. If you have not played this and you're into open world FPS then you are missing out ""bigly"". Worth every cent.Pros:-Graphics-Story-Solid gameplay-Memorable characters-Well optimized for its time-Interesting side objectives such as huntingCons:-No main quest co-op-Online multiplayer sucks"
,Not Recommended,220240,21355424,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cupcake!,"Never actually got to launch this game, nor create an account.Uplay ip bans me."
76561198046131924,Recommended,220240,24121712,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,motoman462,drove off a cliff and landed on a chicken and then the game crashedi would say its going good so far
,Recommended,220240,8631935,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Towm,"What a massive game this is. Huge islands to explore with just too many sidequests. You can just run/drive/fly around and do nothing or you can; hunt animals, craft items, free settlements, find relics and other secrets, take over radio towers, do some trials and a whole lot of other activities and (side)quests. It's seemingly endless and completing the entire game will take you probably well over 50 hours. Now that's some value right there.The graphics are just gorgeous, no matter what settings you use. You can't make this game look bad, you just can't. The animations and models are some of the best I've seen in a game. Wow. The same thing applies to the sounds and voice acting, which is brilliant and truly convincing.While doing the story and sidequests you'll earn XP to upgrade your skills. There are 3 skilltrees in total and the way you play the game is entirely up to you. The Shark skilltree will let you upgrade your assault and healing skills, while the Heron tree will help you with your sniper skills and speed and finally, the Spider tree will let you focus on your stealth and survival skills. There's no right way to play this. There are many ways to complete an objective. And that's what makes Far Cry 3 fun, but not necessarily unique.However, there aren't many FPS that give you this much freedom, while telling a realistic, focused, story at the same time. So I take my hat off to Ubisoft for creating this masterpiece. The commercial and critical success for this game is well deserved.Let this be a lesson - and example - for future first person shooters. Hooray for Far Cry 3 !"
,Recommended,220240,13352164,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Failu,"Everything was fine but the boss battles were horrible. They were literally just quicktime events. I won the main bad guy by pressing E repeatedly.also, uPlay brought a bit of vomit to my mouth, but as soon as I got in game it was fine. :)a great improvement from Far Cry 2!"
,Recommended,220240,25647081,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,papafle,"Have I ever told you the definition of insanity?It is releasing the same ♥♥♥♥ing game over and over again, and expecting♥♥♥♥♥♥to change.And it won't.Because this game is perfect."
76561198104355952,Not Recommended,220240,8674895,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SomethingSilent⁂,"Uplay is the worst thing ever brought to into this earth. You cannot do anything with uplay its complete utter BS, Uplay is one hell of an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who makes me run goddam farcry through it and it doesn't even work. I cannot even play co op on the dam game, It is just terrible. Terrible terrible game. This game is so terrible that I would feel bad for recommending it to the guy who committed insurance fraud on me, then got me fired from my job, and then burned my house down."
,Recommended,220240,25614334,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,baby jesus,"This is the first Far Cry game I have played, and I am quite impressed. The main plot line has great characters and the shooting and hunting/crafting mechanics are solid.I know this is somewhat polarizing, but I happen to love the writing and general theme of spoiled california kid gets jungle fever. It directly mirrors the insanity that happens in the game, there is a definite arc where the hunted becomes the hunter. In the end of the game I was only using the bow and trying to melee combo everything.It has crashed quite a few times for me, but only after several hours of play time, usually in load screens, but the auto saving mechanism is quite good so I have never lost progress.I immediately see why Far Cry Primal is a thing, which may be my next Far Cry (perhaps after blood dragon?)"
,Recommended,220240,30316207,Posted: 4 March,all,✯Orion✯,"I'm so happy.Uplay didn't♥♥♥♥♥♥in my face, and that means I can play the game. Heck yeah."
,Recommended,220240,26025722,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Cubical Wings,Only gets old after the first 400 hours...
76561197963064522,Not Recommended,220240,12973199,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Lowerland,"U-Play SucksBy the time i FINALLY could game because of this U-Play crap,and also doesnt save , unless you are connected with the cloud WTF !?"
,Not Recommended,220240,9223213,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Ralph Wiggum,Not even worth it at 75% off- requires uPlay. If I had any interest in using broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥ software I would have ordered it through uplay.
76561198251345300,Recommended,220240,32109107,Posted: 1 June,all,SSavage!!,I finally did it 100% after 3 days of consecutive gaming and sore eyes it is over but i cant lie it was a fun experience!!
,Recommended,220240,15180665,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Farsken,"A great single player FPS that make you feel like John Rambo.Anyway, Uplay is required. So if that's something that annoys you or is a problem in any way. (e.g. internet connection). Take that in your consideration before you buy this game."
76561198065676601,Not Recommended,220240,15164382,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,The Legendary Dog,Great game though uplay ♥♥♥♥ed it up big time
,Recommended,220240,7718604,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Darkin20,Great game! Lots to do and lots of fun. Emersive open world experience.
,Not Recommended,220240,14154318,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,BadWolf,"I'd recommend it, that is, if the Uplay function would've allowed me to. it started off flat out denying my registration in Uplay overlay, but saying it was there on the website. now there are 3 Uplay bailiffs at my front door holding my wife's front teeth telling me not to post this. never did like my wife."
,Not Recommended,220240,22045327,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Sam샘,Crash every 10 min.Uplay.
,Not Recommended,220240,21348794,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cayne,"Uplay, it's ironic, 'cause you don't play."
,Not Recommended,220240,9235871,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,dd,"Uses 3rd party ubisoft crap ""uplay"", a.k.a. ""uNOplay"". Zing.Do I want to register for a new account just to play a game? No thanks. Wish I could get my money back."
76561198087794419,Recommended,220240,19913106,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SecretAgent:KiiN,"RECOMMENDATION:*Yes, if you wanted enjoy open world shooting, animal hunting, crafting, climb hill driving, buy it*No, if you wanted to play without login Uplay account, don't buy itGAME IMPRESSION:First 3 hours, animal hunting is satisfied!After 6 hours, character animation is well made!After 9 hours, wow! more area can be explore!After 12 hours, the story is being drag longer & longer...After 15 hours, stealth gameplay continuous...After 19 hours, Beat the game in medium diffcult!COMPLETION TIME:*Rushed play style: Around 18 hours*Leisure play style: Around 22 hours+GAMING REQUIREMENT:( _ ) Steam account, steam friends( ✔ ) Non-Steam account, non-steam friends (Uplay)STORY CATCH-UP:( ✔ ) Require long hours to catch-up the story( ✔ ) In-game provide story journal, for who have very short time to play( _ ) Allow to revise cut-scenes / pre sequel video( _ ) Require memorize the locations, character, events, to enjoy the game( ✔ ) Without understand the story, still enjoyableGAME DIFFICULTY:( ✔ ) Adjustable on new game( ✔ ) Adjustable on each stage( ✔ ) Adjustable in mid game( _ ) Not adjustable( ✔ ) Game made for casual gamer( ✔ ) Game made for average gamer( ✔ ) Game made for professional( ✔ ) Unlockable loadout / Startup customization (Online)( _ ) Set higher difficult to increase reward( _ ) Penalty if objective failed / death( _ ) No hints / GuidelineMAIN FEATURES:( ✔ ) Online Player versus Player( ✔ ) Online Cooperative( _ ) Online Bots( ✔ ) Online Leaderboards (Friends Ranking)( ✔ ) Online Daily / Weekly (Multiplayer)( _ ) Player Looks Customization( _ ) Player Body Customization( _ ) Replace Player's Costumes / Vehicle Livery( _ ) Unlockable more Looks( ✔ ) Unlockable Perks / Ability / Skill( ✔ ) Unlockable Weapon Upgrades / Attachments( ✔ ) Unlockable Artworks / NPC Models / Codex( _ ) Unlockable Emblem / Badge( ✔ ) Earn something to buy more upgrade( ✔ ) Linear Storyline( _ ) Alternative Storyline( ✔ ) Alternate Ending( ✔ ) Allow to continue playing after the end / Great reward at the end( ✔ ) Random loots/npc selected( _ ) Random level generated( _ ) Photo Mode (Free Camera)( _ ) Endless Mode (Score Attack)( _ ) Sandbox Mode (Test unlimited resources)( ✔ ) Statistic Progression (Multiplayer)( _ ) Microtransactions( _ ) Split Screen / Local Coop( ✔ ) Open World (Fast Travel)( ✔ ) Provided Vehicle to Travel( _ ) Puzzle Solving( ✔ ) Hidden / Collectible Items( ✔ ) Stealth play( _ ) Violence Killing( ✔ ) Crafting( ✔ ) Side Quest( ✔ ) Massive Exploration Areas( ✔ ) Partial Nudity( _ ) Mod Support( _ ) Steam Achievements (total: 0)( _ ) Steam Trading Cards( _ ) Steam Cloud Save( _ ) Steam Tradable / Marketable item drop( ✔ ) Provide Multiple Slot to Save( _ ) Valve-Anti-Cheat System( ✔ ) Controller Support( _ ) Controller Vibration( _ ) VR SupportMULTIPLAYER SYSTEM:( _ ) Server Filter( ✔ ) Require minimum 2 players to start coop( ✔ ) Require minimum 4 players to start pvp( ✔ ) Maps > 2( _ ) Maps > 5( _ ) Maps > 10( ✔ ) Quick levelup( _ ) Slow levelupONLINE POPULATION:( _ ) >20 weekday >100 weekend( _ ) >5 weekday >10 weekend( _ ) >1 weekday >3 weekend( ✔ ) 0 weekday 0 weekend( _ ) Online is imbalance( _ ) Online is has many irritated people( ✔ ) Online is fun, but preferably offline( ✔ ) Online is empty, have to play offlineLIKES:+Graphic well optimized (Nvidia GT650M SLI run 60fps with medium setting in 1920x1080)+Very natural atmosphere+Realistic caves+Nice weapon,sound, particle effects+Attachment available for gun+Very easy to find items+Very easy to craft items+Fun to go hunting animal skin+Inventory limit is expandable+Fire is dangerous in this game+Many fast travel location+Various transportation available+Many side quest+Mini game features+Sexy dance+Half nudity, but not exactly+Long campaign+Camera is useful for tracking enemy position+Poker card gambling features+New story in coop mode+Replayable after ending+Map editorDISLIKES:-Require to login Uplay to start-Require Uplay friends to play coop-Uplay cannot import friend list from steam-Achievement is inside Uplay-Require a high-end graphic computer to enjoy the best-Bullet impact effect is subpar-Every architecture is similar-Aggressive animal is too few-Some checkpoint is too long ago-Can't save game during a mission, i believe is reasonable-Manually backup save files in this way:Links hereQUALITYSCOREGraphic (2012)A+CinematicAContents VolumeA-ArtisticC+Level DesignACombat TacticASound & MusicALively AnimatedARealistic EffectsA-Online ValueAReplay ValueABug-FreeBOverallA-WORTH BUYING:( ✔ ) Yes, normal price worth it!( _ ) Yes, but too expensive( _ ) No, this game have no further improve( _ ) No, because i didn't know the value of this gameWORTH BUYING WITH DLC?( _ ) Yes, base game + Deluxe Edition( ✔ ) No, Deluxe Edition is different valuehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/220240/discussions/0/617330406657710211/BEST DISCOUNT:75% off, since 2015http://store.steampowered.com/app/220240/MORE INFORMATION:*Random video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wj4Vfun44E*Game File Size: 10.8 GB"
76561197998354299,Not Recommended,220240,9230272,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,SlinkyMonkey,"Requires Uplay - WTH Valve? How do I get a refund? I don't have any desire to install or use Uplay, that's why I bought the game on STEAM."
,Recommended,220240,13798379,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Fucking Chad,Holiday for gamersWould play this again 11/10
,Not Recommended,220240,12943961,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Skyrim_Gamer74,"This game is a busted piece of garbage. I thought Id try the PC version of Farcry 3, as Ive only played it on the 360 and so far Im highly dissapointed. Every setting that I try fails. It constantly crashes my PC or totally freezes it up, forcing me to power it down the hard way. Either Steam or Ubisoft needs to make sure their♥♥♥♥♥♥runs correctly. Its complete and total BS to purchase a game, only for it to be a total piece of sh*t. I have more than enough hardware specs to push this game in high to ultra settings if I want. However, this crap won't even stay running for long in medium or low settings.I don't reccomend this game to anyone. Stay away from this one."
,Recommended,220240,32758688,Posted: 24 June,all,『𝙇𝙐𝘾𝙄𝙎』,"Really Amazing game, the gameplay is extraordinarily Amazing,and it has a good story too.I recommend this to whoever has not tried it yet."
76561198168179374,Recommended,220240,26268310,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Svenny,A decent game with an awesome villain
,Recommended,220240,13072838,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Pretty good and functional parts of the game, as before. Costly pre-orders and DLC add-ons just do not want to be the very players in mind, as well as the mandatory installation and Uplay account. Recommendation If the game series of interest. :3FIN:Ihan hyvä ja toimiva peli kuten aikaisemminkin osat. Kalliit ennakkotilaukset ja DLC lisäosat vain eivät tahdo olla kovinkaan pelaajien mieleen sekä pakollinen Uplay asennus ja tili. Suositteluni mikäli peli sarja kiinnostaa. :3"
,Not Recommended,220240,22041916,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Frägdis,uplay dont work?? fix plz
76561197988509067,Not Recommended,220240,22033593,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Gravesmeister,I can't get this game no matter what I do.m I've already checked every single online solution I can find. I've contacted Ubisoft support and what a joke that is. They send you 1 solution per week. If that doesn't work then you wait a whole week to get 1 more solution that again doesn't work. What the hell is wrong with Ubisoft. I think I'm done spending money with this company. I'll give my money to someone who wants it.
,Not Recommended,220240,16241895,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Lubo,"Very good game but not a good PC version. One reason. U-play disables me from playing the game and the one time I actually got to play the game, the lag was too much and it rendered the game unplayable. The PC edition is a mess."
76561198134951165,Not Recommended,220240,33751249,Posted: 23 July,all,DrSmallarms,would love to play the game but Uplay wont let me. Uplay should be destroyed from the worldwell i got U play to work. game still doesntUPDATE: U PLAY problem solved. but game keeps crashing on launch
76561197970403339,Not Recommended,220240,15448509,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,allan,Ubisoft and Uplay need I say anymore.
,Not Recommended,220240,9974026,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,[AAO] Deadmano,"[Please Note This Is Only A Partial Review Having Played 1/4 Of The Game Thus Far!]So this game is amazing, no doubt about it, and a full review will soon follow, but I ABSOLUTELY cannot recommend this based on the fact that its uPlay implementation is PATHETIC!I've put in over 15 hours of gameplay only to discover to my horror that the saves it was meant to save (by default to the cloud) somehow failed, and I lost over 10 hours of gameplay! All my hunting for upgrades, over 20 outposts, I'm gutted, truly. But as I said, this game is indeed amazing and I'll take this one on the chin and trod along, making doubly sure my games are being saved (have we not come so far into the gaming world where this is inate?).To add insult to injury, uPlay is EXTREMELY intrusive, and one can't even get to the Main Menu without it wanting to download this and download that, download profiles, download stats, it takes a whole couple of minutes EACH TIME before you get into the game! You wanna do trials? Oh ho ho, lets sync (think) first. I've had to force myself to play in offline mode (once again PATHETIC!) just to be able to run the game like the hundreds of other games I have in my library. And the first time uPlay install? Let me just say it kept looping with one of its ""infamous"" updates...But this is the last time I EVER support Ubisoft, I'm sorry, but they are appalling. If I wanted to play a Ubisoft game, I'd buy the game and play it via uPlay, but I have STEAM for a reason and it’s just really silly that I have to play a uPlay game THROUGH STEAM. Origin and uPlay need to come to an agreement to release games to STEAM (aka individual keys). They can certainly count on me never buying one of their products again. Hopefully they learn from the giant how to do things right."
,Recommended,220240,10529979,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,General Inaptitude,"Buy it while it's on sale.I enjoyed playing this game for almost 90 hours.it is currently 75% off, which is good enough!"
,Not Recommended,220240,9228403,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,snmcdonald,"Might not be a bad game, if Uplay wasnt so brutal. The game constantly crashes. Why is this game so buggy? When I attempt to load it will get stuck in an endless loop. If I try to buy a gun, it crashes. If I try to update my skill tree, it crashes.When the game gets going, I have a lot of fun. I love the open world aspect. I can explore what I want and go where I want. I can take out enemies stealthy with a knife or go in guns blazing. The world is beautiful and fun to explore.Unfortunately, I found this game can get repetitive within the first island. Rather than create new challenges, it seems like take another base (with the same enemies). Yes, you can attempt to stealth it, or go full on combat, but eventually it loses its flare. Looking for relics gets boring fast. The game designers made some interesting puzzles to solve, but it feels like bad version of Tomb Raider. Relics lose novelty fast, after 60 of them, if you arn't completely bored of them, you still have another 60 more to go. Its fun to watch the world get reinhabited by the island folk, but their animations, or scripted events get boring fast. It almost seems meaningless to take a base from the enemies and where do the good villagers come from? It would be fun to find villagers hiding and occupying little outlying huts.Am I happy that I purchased this game? ... Yes, but because it was on sale."
,Recommended,220240,24291072,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Zecepti0n,write this comment with knife like a true rakyat warrior
,Recommended,220240,31013770,Posted: 8 April,all,Ja,"'Do you know the defenition of insanity?'You won't have until you play this game. It's honestly incredible. At the moment of writing this review, it's my favourite game. In my opinion, it's better than the entire Just Cause, Assassin's Creed, Halo, Call of Duty, HITMAN and the rest of the Far Crys' franchises.Characters: 9/10The Characters in this game are truly stunning. Vaas and Hoyt are terryfying villians who you won't forget any time soon. They both do thinks to you and their men which will make you wince. Jason Brody is also an intresting charcters who progresses throughout the game. Citra, Buck and Denis have great voice actors and intresting characteristics, even if they are not as fleshed out as tthe main villians and heroes.Plot and Story: 9/10The plot is pretty straight forward. It's a revenege thriller focused around a character who ,at the beginning of the game, couldn't even fire a gun. However, the story takes the plot and mixes it with great missions and intresting stories. Even though the game is a FPS, Action shooter, it's very much based around choices and philoshpy. The story is what takes Far Cry 3 to great heights.Combat: 8.5/10Combat may not be the best aspect of FC3, but it's still really fun. Liberating bases with a sniper rifle will never get old. However, combat becomes difficult with different guns. Assult Rifles do little to no damage, while a handgun kills the man instantly. Also, Headshots sometimes don't insta-kill, which is a big nusiance.Open World and Side-Missions: 9/10The Open World of FC3 is amazing. It's so vast and detailed it makes it feel like a 2015 game, not a 2012. There are so many things to do after completing the main campain; Radio Towers, Bases, Wanted: Dead, Path of the hunter, Trials of the Rakyat, Story missions, Relics, Letters of the lost, Memory Cards, Skills, etc.. And they are all really funDLC: 7/10Read my review here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/dank_coder/recommended/226459/Soundtrack: 10/10Just listen to this song from a mission where you get to burn down a Weed Field (yes a Weed Field!): Make it Bun - SkrillexYeah, it's great, right???Price: 9/10The Price is quite good considering how excellent the game is.Normal Pice: £15.99 ($20.00-ish)Sale Price: £5.59 ($8.00-ish)Overall: 61.5/70 - 88%Overall: 8.7/10Just get this game. It's amazingFavourite Quotes:'Do you know what is the best way of keeping employees in check: Fear''His name is Buck, and he lkes to f-'''You are me. And I am you.'Are you F***ING DEAF? I SAID, GET THE F**K OUT OF HERE, YOU CHICKEN F**K! RUN, FORREST! RUN!'"
76561198176629203,Recommended,220240,21238895,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,DrWhat?,"So I don't normally review games, mostly because I don't feel the need to, but Farcry 3 is a different case.I've played my fair share of games, RPGs, MMOs, FPS'. But none of them have ever given me the same adrenaline rush that this game offers. Now don't get me wrong I'm sure there are better games out there, but Farcry 3s enticing story (I'm about halfway through atm) and deep character progression are something to behold. (Not to mention the incredible voice acting).This game offer many different ways to play and there are multiple ways to complete a mission. When you're not off killing pirates and blowing s##t up, you can kick back and go out hunting (surprisingly therapeutic) or play some mini games that the villagers offer. There is an unbelievable amount to be done is this game and the whole map feels like a playground, where you do things your way.I would go into the story, but I'd get carried away and probably spoil something, so all I'll say is that Vaas is possibly my favourite villian of all time be it in a book, movie and of course game. So I'm not saying everyone will love this game, but if you like the freedom to do whatever the hell you want and also don't mind a pretty brilliant story (in my opinion) then just buy it! I nearly didn't because of all the complaints about a so called Uplay, but trust me its not that bad! A little unesscary, but once in game you forget all about it."
,Recommended,220240,13374625,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ryne,"7/10 -What a trip. I enjoyed hunting animals to craft items, Looting, finding relics and completing side missions to get money to upgrade and buy weapons, stealth killing, sniping from a long distance to shoot a cage to let a tiger out of it and watch it maul everyone nearby, taking over enemy posts so I can fast travel to them, fixing towers to show the map and unlock new weapons, running people and animals over with my car, upgrading my character with xp to unlock new moves, starting things on fire and watching it spread and last but not least the story missions. You can craft plants but I ended up not crafting any except green ones which give you health because the rest of the plants you can craft are basically useless. Who wants to craft a plant to allow you to be flame retardant for 15 secs? I didn't care anyway.Unlike plants crafting animals is useful since you can carry more weapons at a time among other things by collecting their skins. I had fun hunting these animals in the wild and checking my list of how many I needed of a certain breed to create whatever it was. However it was pointless hunting animals anymore after you craft everything unless you want to gain barely any money in doing so or just for the hell of it. Looting dead bodies got really annoying because you have to wait and see the same animation over and over again. There is no way to skip it. Another annoying problem was if their weapon is nearby you have to hover over a certain spot on their body to loot them since you use the same key press to pick up their weapon...why couldn't I just hover over their body and get the loot automatically without pressing anything and press a key if I wanted their weapon? I ended up all the time swapping my weapon accidently because of it.There is really no death animations just ragdoll physics. Which is disappointing since I liked how in Far Cry 2 you can snipe someones leg and they start yelling in pain from it and if one of their friends is nearby they could pick them up and carry them to safety. You shoot anyone in the leg in this game they just die and fall over. The story was a let down to me. It's really a big lame excuse to kill people on an island. You go to the extremes to save your friends in any situation. I didn't like the main characters voice it was annoying and laughable at the sametime. It doesn't help that your character is a real ♥♥♥♥♥ and makes very poor decisions you have to watch unfold that you don't like. The ending wasn't satisfying at all.Don't get me wrong though I did enjoy alot of the story missions. The co-op is alright but can be frustrating due to waves of overwhelming odds and connection issues. The motion blur in this game gave me headaches and there is no way to turn it off. I am only nitpicking here but you can't blow up a car or truck by sniping it's fuel tank. You can't cut down trees. You can't blow up a building having it's walls collapse in. You can't fly a helicopter. You can't even see your own feet. It's no Crysis that's for sure but I did have fun and I spent alot of time just wrecking havoc."
76561197961914449,Not Recommended,220240,9262949,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Quenchiest,"I'm not sure what I expected. It's the same tired formula of far cry 2 and other ubisoft games. A large beautiful environment, but filled with pointless fetch quests, terrible dialog, and nonsense story. I feel sorry for the artists and voice actors. I'm sure they did their best, but there's nothing rescuing the lackluster quests, story and dialog. The writers failed this game.The gunplay and combat are alright, but none of the characters or storyline inspire any sort of desire to help them or advance the story. A lot of wasted potential. This is seriously some of the worst writing and dialog I've ever seen.Go play Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon. It's a way better game but was way too short. This garbage was way too long."
76561198044006376,Not Recommended,220240,22074297,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,blutduerstigman,"I've spent HOURS trying to get this game to run properly - it won't. If you have Windows 10 and an Nvidia GPU, I suggest you read the support forum posts before buying. There are just too many possible problems to consider. I've disabled as many of the possible conflicts that I know how to, I've tried multiple compatibility settings, and I've run everything as admin ; nothing helps.The game looks really fun. If you have an older computer, it might work fine for you, but it's been a daylong headache for me."
76561198112457421,Recommended,220240,13634699,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,froggo froggo frend of doggo,"-did some shots,-went skydiving-hit the ground-ate some red pills-murdered an entire camp of bandits and a tiger with my knife-witnessed 3 game crashesand then i got murdered by 3 wild dogs.10/10"
76561198031595516,Not Recommended,220240,8587278,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tecumseh,"Not a real sandbox experience. Sharp mechanics and slick graphics, but absurd plot content that the game constantly forces on you. Game experience is as if someone was in the room with you while you were playing an FPS and every 15 or 20 minutes they snatched the controller out of your hands and refused to give it back until after reading a few pages from the ridiculous screenplay for a Michael Bay movie he has been working on in his free time."
76561198108373908,Not Recommended,220240,21005300,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Neoraed,"Sadly, this game wont even start for me. It's no bad game, if you can get it to work.  Ubisoft can go feed their DRM to  komodo dragons."
76561198164082793,Not Recommended,220240,23905875,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Master Fidel,"UPLAY-causes problems like crashed, bad optimisation and steam is just the face of the card but ubisoft is the note inside saying fk you and give us an account and money, ps dont refund me!but a brilliant game just dont get on pc because you cant trust ubishit"
,Recommended,220240,3695130,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,☠Lady☠Darkness☠,"OMFG!! This game is AWESOME! Buy it, i swear you won't regret your purchase :D The story and the graphics are gorgeous, the atmosphere is intense and fun. Very very good game!100/10!"
,Recommended,220240,26970609,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,IrishClaire h1z1swap.com,"My ''Test of time'' indication,i still cant believe FC3 was released 4 years ago,it still have a fantastic history,characters,graphics,everything ... one of my all time fav games,i love everything about it: open world adventure,fps,its pure action,the mini games are fun asf,all characters speacially the villain *-Rather complete FC3 than any other Far cry game serie such as Far cry 4.10/10 should complete this game 100000000000x more times again"
,Not Recommended,220240,16638214,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MS39,uplay sucks
,Not Recommended,220240,16765387,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,TGCid,Great game ♥♥♥♥ uplay
,Recommended,220240,13830265,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ChequeMate,"Did I ever, tell you the definition... of insanity?EDIT: Insanity is the urge to play a game over and over again, trying to get insane amount of hours logged and all the while have fun and never let it go. . ."
,Not Recommended,220240,12632298,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Talon One,"No. Just no.The game is a big step-up from its predecessor and it is really good when you're free roaming the island taking out pirate camps, exploring the monotonous but beautiful landscape. And it looks pretty nice. But that's about it.There are a lot of problems with the pacing. Half an hour in the game and I was carrying a modern french assault rifle and a silenced sniper rifle with free access to unlimited ammo if visiting the right places.The crafting mechanics are completely contrived (why do I need tiger-skin to make bigger pouches?) and there is a lot of dissonance between gameplay and story. The protagonist lies in doubt about his actions, about killing other people while ingame recklessly slitting throats of pirates like there is no tomorrow.The story itself is very unengaging and the characters in it are just as boring.The supporting cast ranges from ""meh"" (the friends) to ""completely braindead and annoying"" (everyone else).The big shaman girl is just a ♥♥♥♥♥, calling the main character ""no warrior"" after he single-handedly defeated a dozen pirate camps while her so-called warriors did nothing at all.The half-enemy strange guy that kidnapped your best friend attacks you with a knife. And for some contrived reason your player character pulls out his knife instead of just shooting him with the MACHINEGUN IN HIS HAND. Argh.Vaas, the big-bad from the beginning of the game waits around corners to punch you like... fifty times. It gets old VERY fast.Lots of setpieces don't make the slightest sense.I have a clear shot at the big-bad-evil-guy and am carrying around a Remington sniper rifle. Can I take the shot? Nope. Because cutscene.I escape the pirates and decide to steal a helicopter instead of just slipping into the jungle... why exactly? Oh right, because Vaas needs to recapture the player.I finally get the opportunity to attack Vaas' hideout and decide to kick in his front door and go in guns blazing. Alone. Not to mention the combat in this game works best if you rely on stealth and hit&run attacks. Riiiight.This level design belongs in a Micheal-Bay-Style FPS like Call of Duty and not in something with this kind of survival-vibe.Also the kills on the antagonists aren't even satisfying because they're just boring QTEs.In conclusion:If you want a free-world action game get GTA or Just Cause 2. If you want a spectacle shooter get CoD. If you want a shooter with an engaging anti-war story get Spec Ops: The Line. If you want a first-person survival game.. uhm.. Metro? Stalker?  But not this."
,Not Recommended,220240,29803092,Posted: 9 February,all,Dr Korfu Koddlestone,The game itself is excellent 10/10.However... it goes through Uplay which has cause many errors like sometimes during the game the Uplay overlay will say it cannot connect to the Uplay service and there is nothing you can do to get rid of this annoying error message. (even in cutscenes)Sometimes it disappears from my library and i have to press install and wait for it to discover all the existing files.It also installed that piece of crap Uplay by itself without asking. Its like self installing bloatwareIts just DRM ontop of DRM its absolutely ridiculous and infuriating.Great game slightly tarnished by forcing everyone to use Uplay.
76561198116489884,Recommended,220240,12802813,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Kelo,"I really liked the open world of Far Cry 3. Almost felt a bit like a MMORPG, if you didn't want to continue with the story, then you just played some challenges or took over some camps. Really nice"
,Recommended,220240,10580533,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,legalise ranch,"Amazing.This game is an absolute masterpiece, and in this review, I'm gonna stick by Yahtzee's rule of: ""A game must be able to stand on singleplayer alone."" and, wow, this game really does stand out. The summary of this is that you (the protagonist) and your friends has been kidnapped by pirates and you've escaped. The rest of the game you are trying to get them back.Venturing throughout the game, you battle amongst different species of animals, depending on the food chain. This includes sharks, snakes, komodo dragons, crocodiles, tigers, panthers, and bears. Majority of a lot of the predators on the island include intense quicktime events when they attack by suprise. One sticking out would be a crocodile attack. If you fail to complete the quicktime event, the animal kills you. If you finish it, you either kill the animal, or damage it. You need to also kill animals to craft larger objects (bigger bandolier, more space in wallet). A situation which I found hilarious was where I was hunting for tapir to gather their pelt. I was interrupted by a tiger, who literally left my health at the lowest point. To which I retreat to the river where I was instantly attacked by a crocodile. The game realistically shows all the different situations in the jungle and proves Vaas as he said: ""if the jungle doesn't eat you up alive, I will."".Going onto characters, Vaas is one of the best villians I have ever had the pleasure of laying my eyes against. True fact, Vaas wasn't even supposed to be in the game, Michael Mondo's(Vaas' voice actor) audition pleased Ubisoft so much, that they decided to create the character Vaas for him. As you saw the summary above, which is quite bland, Vaas introduces the story of insanity. To which it makes you think, what if all of this isn't happening and you're sedated or on drugs? What if this is all a dream? I may be sounding completly irrelevant and random, but the theme of insanity really does make you wonder what is actually going on throughout. Not to mention there are even more villians than Vaas.While you battle pirates and animals, you have a wide range of weapons to choose from. There are RPGs, bows, SMGs, rifles, shotguns, flamethrowers, flare guns and machetes. Not to mention you get to customize your weapons, for instance, you can add a red dot sight to your bow to help accuracy or add a extended mag to your rifle to stop running out of ammo quicker.Your character also gets tattoos from the Rakyat which improve your fighting and stealth skills. The tattoos you get to pick from are the heron, the shark and the spider. Tattoos that would be an example would be moving faster while crouching, the throwing knife takedown and the added health bars.If you are thinking ""tl;dr"", then my summary of this review is that this game is one of my favorites I have ever played along with other great games like Red Dead Redemption, Skyrim, and Fallout. There are a few problems with the UPlay, which ruins it a bit. But all in all, a great game.10/10 GG Ubisoft."
76561198035176056,Not Recommended,220240,12867764,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MJ the Chemist,"You have to climb these towers to uncover the map. It gets repetitive. And you also spend a lot of time travelling. And it's boring. Cool storyline, awesome graphics, great voiceacting, decent overall mechancis but....just couldn't even force myself to finish it."
,Recommended,220240,6860018,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,David King,"Far Cry 3 é simplesmente ÉPICO! Caçar, sobreviver, matar.. coisas constantes nesse jogo que vai te deixar em suspense do início ao fim. Não é a toa que recebeu ótimas notas nas Review's mundiais. Uma ilha gigantesca, lotada de animais selvagens para se caçar e diversos piratas lunáticos espalhados por todos os cantos da Ilha comandados por um dos vilões mais épicos da história dos games, o Vaas. No game, você acaba sendo raptado pelo Vaas junto com seus amigos e também seus dois irmãos, e no fim acaba lutando para conseguir salvar a todos e sair vivo dessa Ilha do Terror. Eu geralmente não curto muito os jogos da Ubisoft, ainda mais pela Uplay existir, mas esse jogo aqui é diferente.. É um jogo incrível que me fez ficar bastante tempo viciado nele!Se você tem dinheiro pra gastar, esse jogo é indispensável! Coop divertidíssimo e um Multiplayer de certa forma viciante, achei até melhor que o Multiplayer de CoD. Jogabilidade excelente e gráficos de primeiro mundo. Um dos melhores jogos que já joguei na vida, e que recomendo a todos jogarem sem pensar duas vezes ;D------------------------------~ NOTA: 9,8------------------------------"
,Recommended,220240,29170419,Posted: 10 January,all,SköjjeJöjje.,The crocodiles and sharks in this game is not to be messed with.I never expected jumpscares from a game like this.
,Recommended,220240,9511555,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,THE TING GO SKRAA,"I dont usually buy games made by Ubistoft (Because I hate ubisoft) BUT this game was too damn good. The story was amazing, you had to save your friends and do some other stuff as well. The graphics was good and even when you finished the story you had to do a lot of things such as control towers and kill bad guys stealthy.You can also drive cars kill animals, craft items and customize your weapons."
,Not Recommended,220240,12956841,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Angry Wizard,Worst online Co-op servers I've ever had to deal with. It's a great game and i love it. But I cant even play Co-op because it takes an hour to load.
,Recommended,220240,11193948,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,4llout,You burn down a weed farm with a flamethrower while a Jamaican man raps to dubstep.Innovation right there.11/10
,Not Recommended,220240,9258565,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Chester A. Arthur,"Too many quicktime events and too much guiding by the hand. The missions are not that unique, and the writing for the main character was not too great. The scenery is the best part, but overall the gameplay is rather bland. I am glad I got this onsale."
76561198063903045,Not Recommended,220240,8720423,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,mexican_milkman,"This game is good. However Uplay is the downside, here is why...I bought Farcry 3 off steam, to play Farcry 3 you need a Uplay account (Farcry 3 is made by Ubisoft). When i bought the game from Steam it gave me an activation code. I put this key in and all was well (i got onto the game). However, the problem occured when a few days later i went onto Uplay to go on Farcry 3. I clicked on Farcry 3 and it asked me to put my activation key in again. I put the key in and it said ""This CD key or Activation code is already in use with another Uplay account..."". This was exactly the same account as i had used to type my activation code in before. I have not been on the game since, thanks alot Uplay. I want to know if anyone else has had the same problem, i wonder if it was to do with the Uplay update. Uplay highered my blood pressure dramatically and has ruined this game."
,Not Recommended,220240,9248491,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,aczid,I was pretty happy with this purchase until I saw it requires the DRM-tumor Uplay after installation. An absurd and jarring experience that left me with buyer's remorse and a newfound hate for Ubisoft. Valve should not allow this nonsense to go on sale in their store. DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,220240,9100116,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ManaGauge,"Far Cry 3 is the king of aesthetics. The jungles scattered throughout the island are overflowing with detail, wildlife, etc. The game does a great job at having you feel immersed as you try to save your friends from an unforgiving warlord, and his henchmen. The first few hours of the game are bliss. You're just killing things, and getting tatt'ed up. The game then becomes stale. You start killing the same enemies, start recieving the same missions, and you are even forced to travel halfway across the map between missions.Then there's the protagonist. His profile indicated he is a grown man- but his voice actor makes him sound like a disney-channel sitcom teen. This shattered it for me. His expressions even made me cringe well into the game. Though he grows, the more you learn about him, the less you want to be playing as him.In short, 6/10 , expected something more."
76561198033163113,Not Recommended,220240,12032477,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,NSK209,I also liked the part where i uninstalled Uplay
,Recommended,220240,25981408,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,GeneSteeler,"Duration - 30 hoursFirst Time PlayedThis is a good open world game where the stealth kills never get old.Length is just about right.  Your character gains skills as the game progresses turning you into a real bad♥♥♥♥♥  The only negatives are the story is lame, too many needless F-words, and some of the quick-time and dream sequences are annoying. Overall a pretty strong game and I'm looking forward to the latest installments of the franchise.8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,220240,8108103,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Sjosseh,"Don't buy this game. The story is terribly written in my opinion and doesnt fit at all in the far cry series. the gameplay is very repetetive, with each outpost having the same structure. it comes too predicable that even at the hardest difficulty you can easily do well at the game just using a pistol.In the story (Both co-op and single player) it's just cliche after cliche after cliche. It happens so often that it just gets annoying and it just feels awful. You get no connection to the protagonist at all, you won't llike him, you don't even want to be him and wish he'd just jump off a cliff, break his ankles and left there for no one to be found ever. Neither do you feel connected to the world. In most games you get a sense of where you are, roads feel familiar, certain parts feel like home. In this game it is just jungle after beach after dirt road and they all just seem the same.The story is full of spiritual nonsense that could fit in a setting centuries ago or in a different kind of world (where magic and unicorns exist), but not in the 21-st century on a tropical island where everybody has 17 guns. If you have a gun, you don't need some pretentious spiritual power to kill just another thug with a group of his guards. Honestly, the only way the game is fun is to just avoid all storyline missions, not using the map and running around blindly shooting people. Basically what FarCry 2 consisted of.The co-op is kind of alright in the game. The campaign doesnt really have that much story (this doesn't really matter though, it's about shooting things with your friends). It consists of multiple chapters which can be played chronologically. It's fun to do a few times, but the problem is that all these chapters are so repetetive and contain the same things, you never get a nice surprise. The worst part is the extreme glitchiness in Co-op. Anybody has a ping over 60? Fat chance that when you respawn after everyone dies, somebody on your team will just randomly drop dead and has to wait for the next checkpoint. Or he seems to appear on top of a building, while you're standing inside it. Good luck saving him when he gets incapacitated. Furthermore it is impossible to play with 2 players, as random kicks without a visible reason happen very often. if you play it with 2, and one gets kicked, you automatically get booted because 'there aren't enough players.' Say goodbye to your progress.All in all, get off the store page, and spend your money on a better game. But not this, don't do this to yourself."
76561197994245753,Not Recommended,220240,8608145,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,sK0pe,"So this game, has an interesting enough concept, you get to roleplay a white whiney teenager who goes for a holiday then gets captured by a much more interesting villain who has some great dialogue and presence.It breaks down into an Ubisoft favourite, capture X area Y times with slight variances with upgrades in weapons inbetween and a forest of trouble between the areas (like the very linear and constrained Assassin's Creed).The much more improved part of this are the great NPCs and the environment of the jungle, you will end up getting surprise attacked by a tiger, crocodile or shark rather than getting killed by any human characters since they are quite predictable and even on ultra hard mode they are easy to sneak up on.The game has XP and money barriers for progression but there is an interesting hunting and gathering requirement which requires you to gather animal and plant products for consumables and how much ammo or how many guns and consumables  can be carried.Littered throughout the open world are various racing and shooting mini games in addition to hunting, searching and assassinaitng quests.  This is all great and fun indeed.The graphics are quite great especially with everything turned up.You're probably asking why I don't recommend this game.Ubisoft seems to have trouble programming and supporting its titles beyond console release.Thsi game is littered with gamebreaking bugs, glitches and will make your machine regardless of if it is top of the line 2 years ago or top of the line today to crash or hang.Sometimes you'll be able to play the game for 4 or 5 hours straight no problems other times you'll have difficulty having it running for 15 minutes.It seems to be a theme with Ubisoft every PC port they make has an unexcusable number of problems.In addition to this there is the extra layer of trashware implemented - Uplay.  Which is basically a massive Ubisoft advertisment which requires administrative access to run and is morethan likely one of the causes for autosave points to crash your machine.If you would like your machine to crash more times in the one playthrough of a game than over the last 3 years, by all means buy this game.  If you want ot keep your sanity and send a message to Ubisoft that PC gamers will not put up with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥job then do not buy this game."
,Recommended,220240,17533129,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Rokaz,"I like this game. This is nice ♥♥♥♥ing game :D(9,4/10)"
,Not Recommended,220240,9229483,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,IttaPupu_,This game is ****ing bull**** I made a uplay account close my lap top and I cant play the fricking game im locked out of my uplay account this is bull!!!!
,Not Recommended,220240,12582781,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Snapper,"I tried to like this game.I really tried.That's not to say Far Cry 3 is a bad game. It has some very interesting features and there are a lot of improvements over the previous game (Far Cry 2), for example:- Better stealth. Enemies can no longer spot you from miles away and snipe you with a pistol.- No more infinite vehicle chase. If you come across an enemy patrol, you can outrun them instead of having them follow you till the end of Earth.- More animals. Far Cry 2 had animals (Zebras!), but thtey were extremely rare.- No more weapon deterioation. F*** the gun jamming mechanics in Far Cry 2. All it did was to force the player to visit a gun warehouse in between mission.- Weapon customisation - horray for red-dot sights- Stealth take down - in Far Cry 2 if you sneak up to someone and stab them in the back you will alert everyone nearby, but in Far Cry 3 you can actually perform a stealth kill with a melee weapon and even hide their body.- Better fast travel - I can't remember how many bus rides I took during Far Cry 2.- Crocodiles. I will never forget the first time I see an unsuspecting NPC get dragged into the river by a crocodile.However, this game also has a lot of flaws, some I found critical, other annoying enough to put me off the game:- You can't save during a mission. Sure you can quick save (which btw isn't mentioned in the game manual) to keep the loot you have found, but you will lose any other progress if you don't complete the mission in one sitting. Far Cry is supposed to be an open world game, so why the heck do I have to go to the menu to abandon quest if I change my mind half way through?- Too bloody many tigers. More than once I have seen an outpost (that I am supposed to conquer) get slaughtered by some wild tiger/komodo dragon. While it's funny to watch the first time, it rapidly gets less interesting after that.- NPCs keep repeating the same line. It's as if they only know 20 words in total.- Immersion break. If the locals have formed a resistance group against the pirates, aside from the occansion patrols, why is is that I seem to be the only one fighting?- Terrible health system that forces you to choose a stealthy approach. Even with a bullet proof vest, you can only last for a few seconds in a gun fight before you health is completely depleted. You pretty much have to thin the enemy out from a distance using a silenced weapon in order to survive.- Odd graphics. This game has some very weird shading that reminds me of cell-shaded games. It is as if the developers can't make up their mind on whether to make the game look realistic or cartoonish.I know that a lot of people will disagree with my opinion and there are a lot of positive reviews out there regarding this game. However, I feel that I have given this game a fair chance and I just cannot get around to enjoying myself playing it."
,Not Recommended,220240,21531042,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Sanator,"Like skyrim with guns. Needs mods to make the gameplay more fun, but it never gets its core problems fixed.Lacks depth, exploration is only fun for the first 2 hours. Very repetitive gameplay, in the first hour of the game you've seen 90% of the content the game has to offer. Weapons are very unsatisfying, they lack a punch and don't feel unique. Driving is awkward and you'll never drive too long before crashing your car. ""RPG"" mechanics are very, very shallow, there's only a ""perk"" tree in wich you unlock some abilities you'll rarely use, and you can unlock them all anyway. Stealth mechanics are simply bad. It's not even worth mentioning the ""survival"" mechanics and the gathering wich is just a chore to make the game feel longer instead of just letting you buy more ammo space and such.And don't get me started on the story.If you are looking for an open-world FPS with some RPG mechanics play S.T.A.L.K.E.R. instead."
,Not Recommended,220240,22069023,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Egold918,UPLAY RUINED GAME         YOU CANT PLAY DUE TO UPLAY                              DONT BUY
76561198001541273,Not Recommended,220240,33148764,Posted: 2 July,all,NeuroSplicer,"If I wanted to infect my computer with Uplay, I would go to Ubisoft's site and hand my administratior's rights over to their spyware. But I do not. That is why I have stopped buying Ubisoft games.Apparently, so have many other gamers as well. And that is why Ubisoft had to rely on underhanded methods to fluf up their numbers - such as sneaking Uplay even with STEAM games! That's right, buying this game on STEAM will net you, not one but TWO layers of DRM. And the second one is prone to failing which means it will lock you out of the game you paid for.So, do not be fooled like I was: EXTREME Uplay WARNING!"
76561198321991603,Recommended,220240,32795187,Posted: 25 June,all,bro pay attention!!!,good game but dont buy if u dont want to deal with ubisoft and their lovely peice of software called uplay
,Recommended,220240,23367713,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,NinjaNick,Pretty awesome AAA title. Some of the missions get boring but the story always makes you wanting more. Make sure you buy it on sale cause it's not worth the retail price.
,Not Recommended,220240,8633983,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,JoeBoomz,"I stuck it through to the end of the campaign, but this is the first game in a while that I was happy to delete.  This game is a “far cry” from the Trigens that I loved in the original Farcry, and it’s turned me off the series now for good.  There’s a reason why the game is so cheap.Visuals are incredible.  Sound is awesome.  The characters, voice acting, and animation are top-notch.  At its core, the FPS gameplay is superlative!  This game is BEAUTIFUL and provides movie-quality experience.  The best advice I can give if you already own it but haven’t tried it, is to play it free-form and enjoy the open-world experience.  But if you want a better FPS story experience that looks just as good, try the Crysis titles instead. As for co-op, I didn't try it, but I’m sure it’s good, as the FPS mechanics in this game are very good.However the campaign content in Farcry3 is so RAW that I cannot in good conscience recommend anyone playing this game.  I like my meat medium-rare, but this one is still on a living animal.  I am VERY concerned that underage people are experiencing it.  Now, don’t peg me off as some religious bible-thumper that is pro-censorship; you should hear me swearing and cursing at slow drivers while I tear down the roads cutting people off in my gas-guzzling tweaked-out car.  In the end, with FarCry 3, I just was not ENTERTAINED by “playing through” the actions you are required to take to progress in the game.The game is plastered with EXTREME profanity, there was no hope of me playing it with the volume up without offending anybody nearby.   The pirates are constantly swearing at you, taunting you, calling you a mutha*cker, the main character swears as he skins animals or nearly dies, and the cut scenes are so full of offensive language that it seems they had to fill a quota and fill in as many sh!t’s and fu*k’s as they could.The single-player campaign has you hunting animals (boars, pigs, deer, goats, sharks, komodo dragons, dogs, leopards, tigers, bears) with all sorts of weapons, including bows, shotguns, assault rifles, and flamethrowers.  Yes, there ACTUALLY is a mission that requires you hunt down and kill eight dogs with a flamethrower.  Now, to be fair, they were advertised as “rabid dogs that need to be put down.”  But as I approached with my flamethrower in hand, and walked right up to the pack of 8, not one attacked me.  And as I started to flame them, all they did was run away whining.  NOT a fun gaming experience.  I have a dog, she’s an important member of our family.  THIS was in no way fun.And then, the premise is, you skin each of the animals.  On the screen, as you do this, you get a gory visual of the main character inserting his knife into the dead animal, ripping the skin off, and putting the lump of flesh into his rucksack (usually with a “f*ck!” while he does it).  This is REQUIRED so that you can “craft” larger containers to carry your crap in.  Otherwise you can only carry one weapon, with little ammo, and very little money.  F@ck, if I want do that crap I will go play deer hunter.  And CRAFTING?  Why, since MineCraft came out, does everyone think they need to have it too?!   If I want to mix sh!t together, I’ll go try to cook something in the kitchen and fail miserably.  Why can’t I just pick up med kits or buy them in stores like all the other FPS games out there?  No, I have to search for green leaves to CRAFT syringes (where does the syringe come from???)Anyway, back to the story.  It is a mystical tale of human trafficking, drug trade, overcoming all odds, and saving (or betraying) your friends, who are being held hostage on the tropical paradise by pirates.  The bad guy characters are all way too over-the-top insane.  Hilarious at times, mind you, I did laugh, but Vass is simply too much, and he sure screams a lot.  Oh, and did I mention he swears?  Hoyt is a bit better for language, and funny too, but you actually see him for less of the game than Vass.You spend half of the key plot sequences in (apparently) a drug or mushroom-induced hallucinogenic state, fighting fiery demons with a bow and arrows or knives.  At the end of these sequences, I found out that, apparently, I succeeded in killing the bad guy.  What the hell?  Why can’t I just put a bullet through his head?  Oh, was that a bit too gory for mainstream gaming perhaps?At various points, the game has you holding space bar down to TORTURE people.  It includes first-person sex scenes with a crazy jungle girl.  There are themes of r@pe (including homosexual – you are asked to pucker up your a$$ up on several occasions).  There are people that are burned to death in cages in movie-like experience.  If I want to see all of that, I’ll fire up an old copy of Amistad.  This is NOT entertaining.All in all, it’s just too much.  I just want to run and gun and save the hot chick so she can suggestively tell me that I should come over later with a smile and a wink.  Happy ending.Back to the good in this sh!t sandwich – the guns are done very well, with a good selection and interesting attachment options.  The vehicles in the game are lots of fun, all sorts of road and water craft to try, albeit with some questionable physics.  The islands themselves are beautifully constructed, with beaches, caves, hidden pathways, old temples – everything you loved from Tomb Raider, and more.  The open-world concept is very nice, “freeing” the radio towers is an interesting side quest for the first 10 towers, and then it gets tedious afterwards (though the puzzle aspect of it was fun).  At least it unlocked new guns and opened up your map, otherwise I wouldn’t have bothered.  I have the same feelings about re-taking outposts, it was fun the first 20 times.  However the game requires you to do it in order to open up new “hunter quests” so that you can craft the very best equipment.By the end of my ~25-hour experience, I simply had enough and powered through the rest of the campaign so I could delete it from my hard drive.  Unfortunately for me, once I start something, I usually have to finish it.  Notice I didn’t have to mention uPlay to complain about this game.  But that part sucks too.ANYWAY, there was one memorable and awesome part of the game that I want to mention – you are required to take your newfound flamethrower and burn up some drug fields on a plantation to set back the local warlord.  As you arrive at the mission site, the soundtrack switches over to gangsta rap (a good track actually!) while you run and spray all of the drug fields.  It was very well orchestrated and reminded me of the epic fax machine scene in Office Space.  If there’s one reason I’d start up Far Cry 3 again, it would be to do that mission.  If it was available as a separate $2 mission, I’d buy it and play it.Don’t do it kids, go enjoy real life or a more encouraging game instead of wasting your time with this overly-negative story experience.EDIT:  Steam Censorship"
76561198066282269,Not Recommended,220240,8536063,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tibs Ironblood,"This game is actually rather shallow. You have a wide open world with alot to explore and... well thats it. There is virtually NOTHING else to do in this game beyond the story. You can do super TINY lil missions like ""Go kill a lion with this bow"" and capture little camps so that your buddies can take it over and even then the fight is easy on account of it being a simple ""kill 8 dudes"" kinda deal.The story is pretty bad in my opinion. You play a total wimp rich white boy with less hair on his chest than a newborn. There is no choice in the majority  story at all which would not be so bad if the story was good. The supporting cast is relatively bland and fail to be interesting or even create any sort of bond between you and them. I only like one on your friends because he looks like Nick from L4D2.Your character (besides being a limp-weenie) is an utter retard. CHECK YOUR CORNERS DANGIT! The story of the game also involves a large amount of tribal ritual mumbo jumbo that I find utterly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There are alot of drug-related sequences you go into in this game to the point where I just know my guy is going to have a serious addiction.The combat is just pathetic. Its not interesting due to a lack of enemy intelligence and overall difficulty. The game is so easy and I played it on the 2nd hardest difficulty. I could have pushed it to the max with little difference. The AI are so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and present no challenge. They all act as independent units with no teamwork at all other then random chance bringing them together. Stealth in this game is alright in of itself, but feels entirely hallow due to knowing that you can breeze through the enemy 12x as fast if you just ran in. Stealth killing the enemy loses its pleasure when you know the enemy are all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.The crafting is weak as all it results in is you becoming MORE overpowered and giving you even LESS of a challenge.The story is crap.The combat is crap.The story is MEGA crap.The main character is ULTRA crap.Buuuuuut the game is very pretty. The visual design is by far the strongest part of this game.Is it a bad game? No. I dislike it because I value characters and story very highly and this game utterly fails in this department destroying my attempt at an un-biased view."
76561198078591141,Recommended,220240,7740540,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Drago212,Very Fun Game Highly Recommend it if you are someone who loves freeroam
,Not Recommended,220240,11016010,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DriverZ,Far cry 3 is a good game.But ♥♥♥♥ the UPLAY.i won't buy any games which is powered by Ubisoft.I love 3DM!
76561197982209936,Not Recommended,220240,15412966,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,AgentSpanky,Cannot play at all due to Ubisoft. Never been able to start the game. No answer from support.Ubisoft have stolen my money.
,Not Recommended,220240,23750525,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Pete,"uPlay didnt work, dont paid this game"
76561198015231091,Not Recommended,220240,13057718,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Radix,"Where do I start?I loved FC 2, I loved its mature story, its realism, immersion and many other things (hated the respawn mechanics tho and hate ubi till this day for ignoring this issue like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s they are).But FC3?? its like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ little brother of FC2 and 1, It threats you like a little kid, basically saying "" here, shoot something, cut some tigers and drive around with speed of light while you are basically invincible""Three main sins of FC3 that break the spell for me are:- Its incredibly dull- it lack any immersion whatsoever- its easy, very very easy1. DULL, everything is the same and repetitive,  weapons are only FEW and all are similar really, hunting is fun for like 30 minutes and then gets annoying and unnecessary ( you get the holster and ammo pack upgraded in about 30 minutes and anything else you don't need, especially the wallet which I do not understand why even exist since you unlock weapons which are free for ever and everything else u can pick up), fighting is dull as hell mainly due to the easiness. AI is just apes with firearms.  Stealth is ridiculous, enemy must be blind, I can clear out all camps with just a knife. Dont get me started on unlocking the radio towers which is just atrocious, and pointless.2. Immersion. There is non. Everything feels staged and unrealistic, the story is ok but the main character is a joke. I couldn't get into the story from the very first few minutes. I mean how some random dude from rich family is all of the sudden an expert commando killing machine just cose some doc told him hes a warrior, and what do u know, he suddenly is, climbing, diving, sniping, killing, sneaking and god knows what else he can do.What really hit me was that he's brother actually would be a MUCH better main character knowing he was a military and all, at least I could understand why he handles guns and knife so well, but no, he dies almost immediately. For comparison, in FC2, you are an experienced mercenary/military/hitman with a clear task given, much more immersive and that I can understand, this is my job to eliminate and thus being an ace sniper and firearms master suddenly feels completely not out of place unlike FC3.World is meh, Graphic is meh too, everything feels like its made of plastic.3. Easy mode all the way. I played the hardest setting, and it was a walk in the park, I can kill the camps in any way there is, name it, knife, sniper rifle, zerg rush with machine gun, rpg barrage, anything really.  But since I really like stealthy strategic approach with sniper rifle, I got to say it was just laughable, I yawned as I was picking enemies off with no problem, and when I got silenced sniper rifle with better zoom? haha I couldn't even be bothered to kill anyone with it, it just felt unfair to the poor AI.Conclusion, to me, this game is a one big bore and the difficulty is insulting. However I can see how  people  like it, its easy to pick up and just shoot away,not what I personally look in fps tho hence that is the reason for me disliking it. And thats why Im not recommending it. It's just not worth of the Far Cry title, its not Far Cry, it resembles Just Cause much more than FC1&2, it is not serious, it is easy and childish, not what I was expecting from FC series."
76561198060152635,Not Recommended,220240,33655516,Posted: 19 July,all,grave255,UNPLAYABLE BECAUSE OF UPLAY.KEEPS CRASHING WHEN IT DOES DECIDE TO BOOT UP.great game but sadly not worth the hassle and aggravations.
,Not Recommended,220240,8191278,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Karl Pilkington,"I am rewriting my review, leaving previosu thoughts but i have now made a final decision.I can no longer recommend this game because:1. The game is in a constant state of requiring to connect to ""far cry 3 services"" which is just nonsense. So apparently when I launched the game,  I was greated with ""failed to connect to far cry 3 services"". Cryptic, for sure. Basically an issue on ubisoft's end.     While playing, every time I access the menu or map (and in this game, you do it a LOT) I was forced to set for about 15-30 seconds after, everytime, interrupted by an immergency message saying the game needed to connect to ""far cry 3 services"". It failed, every time. After this attempt, I was ""allowed"" to keep playing as long as I didn't use the map or inventory/crafting screen because then it would try again.2. The map is beyond glitchy and buggy, its broken and in many instances, preventing the use of fast travel or even basic viewing.Game itself is fine, the method of delivery is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. Avoid.BELOW IS MY PREVIOUS REVIEW TAKE ON THE GAME INITIALLY.I really like this game ! But I'm reviewing the steam digital version here. And unfortunately, compared to what Steam offers, it's downright idiotic that their entire opportunity to use TRADING CARDS or  ACHIEVEMENTS       is GONE because of U PLAY.  U PLAY is like a steam wanna be except it doesn't do what steam does , it just tries to do what xbox live does, and I was never interested in either. I really don't mind U play that much, but its pointless since nobody is going to see your account because nobody uses U PLAY apart from when they are forced to for a few select games of their choosing.GREAT game ! A little silly stupid sometimes with how inept a character can be until you suddenly gain control and they turn into Rambo's dad.          Hindered by being forced to use a second DRM game launcher that is essentially a second Steam..... that prevents Steam from doing what it does best.  And nobody needs two different online platform accounts for the same game."
76561198120772088,Not Recommended,220240,18471475,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,albiznes,Uplay sucks this is my second time buying the game and they still wont give me an activation code
76561198171968265,Recommended,220240,22836756,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,KingpinPierceington,"I like this game, this is a nice f*cking game."
,Not Recommended,220240,30308769,Posted: 3 March,all,cocafe,"Well, it's a nice game. But UBI is crap. It just freezes at splash screen, and loops forever. No log no info. And the server is crap, too."
76561198004689691,Recommended,220240,29156599,Posted: 9 January,all,Rage,"You are Jason. Normal dude, with a 7/10 model qt girlfriend (her butt is 10/10 though). A sudden turn of events change you in to a tattoo loving, native boning, acid tripping badboy. You walk, you run, you drive (poorly), occasionally you jump from helicopters with some kind of gliding suit. You kill and harvest the meat of a number of animals. It’d be much too convenient to simply buy things you need when you can just kill boars, tigers, … and sharks. How do you kill a shark? Just stand on land and shoot it, duh! You also have a weird fetish for radio towers, but people give you free stuff for going to the top of them, so why not? Oh yeah there are a bunch of bad guys constantly trying to kill you too.Yup, just another day in paradise.The good:+ A shooter pretty much anyone can pick up and play. The easiest difficulty I didn’t have a problem playing with a steam controller.+ Impressive visuals. Can still challenge even a GTX 1080.+ A sizable world that I never really felt bored in.+ Decent story, but the game is not that story heavy. Think GTA V not the Witcher 3.+ Great voice acting with very interesting characters.+ A decent mix of missions.+ A satisfying kind of bad♥♥♥♥♥ending.+ Trippy drug induced sequences add some artistic flair.The bad:- Weird technical glitches, at least 2 missions I had to replay because I was unable to loot an important body.- Crappy save system. Can only save outside of mission. Event then some times when you save you don’t end up where you think you will on load.- Occasional crash, this will cost you some time because of the save system.- Weird performance deterioration between save points / transitions.- Bad driving controls. Driving is overly challenging on a controller.- Couldn’t get it to recognize the steam controller. There is a controller mode but had to map controller to keyboard / mouse. Less desirable because you have to remember what everything is mapped to.-Uplay. Need I say more?TLDR;A pretty good looking shooting romp around a paradise island that I think most people would be able to play. Story is OK if not a little weird. A few technical glitches hold this game back from being highly recommend, but if you can overlook that it’s still a decent game. I’ve played much worse so I say give it a shot."
,Recommended,220240,3294561,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,SaYyIV,اللعبة خيالية !!!شي رهيب جربوها
,Recommended,220240,16895263,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Harry 2K17,"Singleplayer:Campaign:I played the campaign on it's hardest difficulty and it took me somewhere around 15 hours. The story is about Jason Brody having a vacation on an island. And wakes up in a cage realising that his vacation is over and he has to save all his friends so they can get back home. This sounds and also felt generic. But as you continue through the game the story gets more and more interesting, due to well voiced characters and the inspiring monologues. The game also felt like some kind of total recall to me, because the character has many drug trips. So even when I was playing the normal sp missions I was asking myself if it wasn't just a drug trip. Because if the bulk of the story was a drug trip the story would make a lot more sense. The campaign story was mostly the reason that kept me playing.Gameplay:The gameplay other hand was good and entertaining, but nothing special for me. Some early missions could be annoying, because you were forced to play stealthily. Also the sp missions can sometimes feel as a narrow route.  The power of the gameplay itself is that you can choose how you want to play. stealthily or guns blazing. Both can be fun but both also have some issues. The stealth problem is that the ai can be annoying. And for guns blazing you can easily run out of ammo and have to break your arm to revive yourself many times if you play guns blazing.(Atleast on my difficulty. I would maybe recommend to play 1 difficulty below or first do a lot of side missions to unlock more health, weapons etc.) Also if you have no ammo you mostly have to camp until you can easily knife someone, without getting hit. Sadly every endboss fight from the game showed the definition of insanity in gameplay. The game was also a bit overwhelming in the beginning because of the many menus with upgrades. At first I ignored them, but later I really saw the benefit of it. Otherwise you will easily die.  The graphics of the game still look nice, I especially liked the lighting. And how much effort there had been put into the building.Open World:I have to be honest I haven't done that much in it. Because I wasn't really interested in it. Still I can say if you are interested in exploring the world there is alot to do! There are enough side-missions, which is mostly killing enemies/animals in a certain way, missions where you have to go from A to B as fast as you can etc and, of course, collecting stuff. Really the only thing that made me stop fast-traveling from mission to missions was the tower climbing and the animal/flower hunt to unlock stuff. They were more rewarding to me than the side missions that just give you money and xp that I already had enough of.Online:Multiplayer:In my opinion the mp isn't that special. It has 4 standard game modes. Of course they are varied with some nice ideas. But to me it just feels like a cod-clone. The multiplayer also has a strong map editor. Probably at the time there were many great mods made. (I found some interesting ones on youtube. ) But now that the game isn't as active anymore, I couldn't find a modded map to play.-Co-op:I played the co-op with someone many months before continuing my singleplayer campaign. It was pretty long at 6-8 hours. But still the co-op was pretty generic and forgetable. The only thing that I liked were the mini-games. What is strange is that the multiplayer and the co-op leveling system are combined. So if I had only played Co-Op, I would have all the unlocked loadouts for the multiplayer.Overall:I can say Farcry 3 is a great game, but you can ignore the multiplayer and co-op, because they aren't that special and that active anymore. I think for the people who only own FarCry 4, FarCry 3 is still a great game to play, especially for the campaign, that makes it something special."
,Recommended,220240,16408868,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Kur mot kreft,Almost far cry 4
76561198078544158,Recommended,220240,11380123,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Papa Nugget,I liked crazy white Mr T's vest and mohawk but was dissapointed by his lack of oversized shiny jewlery.7/10
,Recommended,220240,14585335,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kaa4-,"Nu kā jau visas no farCry daļām - labas. Katra par katru labāka. Story interesants kā arī varēja būt divi iznākumi beigās. Nevarētu teikt , ka īsa spēle , bet tomēr gribētos , lai būtu vēl vairāk.9/10Next - FarCry 4"
76561198128773782,Recommended,220240,23047963,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Concentrated Autism,"Where to begin with this game. Honestly, its a masterpiece. And I highly reccomend it. Besides the fact that theres no Steam achievements, and that you need Uplay to get in game. It's worth the time and money. Hours of gunning down priates and mercs. will keep you entertained. Yes, true. It is an old game, considering that at the time I'm writing this its 2016. But truly, its such a great game. ""9/10, would define insanity again."" -Me"
,Recommended,220240,9602052,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Dr. Duck,"Probably my favorite single-player game ever. The story is SUPER immersive, unless you don't want it to be; you can stay focused on the story or go off on your own tangent, liberating the islands, climbing radio towers, or gathering supplies for upgrades. Highly recommended for any FPS/Strategy/RPG/Survival Game lovers! I haven't gotten into the multiplayer much,  but the few matches I have played have met and exceeded my expectations... seriously... get this game."
,Recommended,220240,11244881,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,player257,"this game is rated E for everyone it currently has...Blood and GoreIntense ViolenceNudityStrong LanguageStrong Sexual ContentUse of DrugsTotaly a kids game citra ♥♥♥♥s you at the end and after killing ""the ink monster"" in a illusion"
,Not Recommended,220240,11109407,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Would you make me a sandwich?,"Booooo uPlay.This game requires a uPlay signin to play. In some cases, uPlay activation is either unobtrusive or not required, but for this game, it is. You will launch the game in Steam, which launches uPlay, which launches the actual game. My actual time played is about 8 hours, but Steam isn't reflecting it for that very reason.That being said:+Big world!+Shooting/stealth is fun and for the most part, enjoyable.+One of the few games with a satisfying flamethrower that catches huge patches of jungle on fire.-Pretty unoptimized, but I can't tell if it's because I have to run uPlay as well.-Skill trees suck. They do that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""Lock certain abilities until you're further in the story"" thing. Just give me a skill list instead of a tree then!-Hunting is a neat idea, but terrible in execution. I GUESS I'M CARRYING ONE GUN FOR THE REST OF THE GAME BECAUSE I CAN'T FIND A GOAT TO CRAFT ANOTHER HOLSTER! It just ends up feeling like filler, since there isn't much reason to explore the world besides crafting supplies.-Garbage interface. Feels really slow and clunky, like I'm playing the game with boxing gloves on.-The story starts out pretty interesting, but is spread thin and really makes you ask ""Who cares?"" about halfway through.So between all that AND a terrible uPlay implimentation, I'd say avoid."
,Recommended,220240,25897885,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Abun,nice game and nice story
,Recommended,220240,25834054,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Bizarre™,"I have 23 hours in this game and I've barely completed the first few missions.The world is BEAUTIFUL, in fact, I'd have to say it's the msot beautiful environment I've ever seen in a video game. It's something that Far Cry 4 failed to deliver. This game is STUNNING.Not only that, the characters (aside from the MC some might argue) are extremely well designed, and have top-notch voice atcting. This is a truly once-in-a-generation game. It's something I find myself always coming back to and playing more of just because it's so damn fun!It has a really neat hunting/crafting system to hep carry more gear, and a - if not a bit cheesy - unique level-up system based on tattoos.TL;DR - The ""Reviews"" section from the big names for once doesn't lie about this awesome title."
,Recommended,220240,33229786,Posted: 4 July,all,Homeless Chef,"Extremly good game, some missions are kinda frustrating but good game in general. 8/10 deadass pirates and better than far cry 4."
,Recommended,220240,29009659,Posted: 4 January,all,boi,The definition of Insanity is not buying this game.
,Recommended,220240,18864029,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Akiran Hachirou,"It's a very funny open world: large and varied in content, accompanied by a good story dealing with violence as the main theme."
76561198131495307,Recommended,220240,34103440,Posted: 8 August,all,Ethan,"Awesome game, in depth and great graphics with good tactical combat options"
,Not Recommended,220240,22146926,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Lester Quibbles,"Tell me again why, if I want to play this game, I have to use a game manager with a library, inside the game manager with a library that I already have? How many layers of abstraction are really necessary for me to enjoy my game? Screw pushing uPlay on people through Steam."
76561197989441770,Not Recommended,220240,22075464,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,>DuNnO<DmW,"I've played for 33 minutes.It's crashed twice.Before I could play I had to separatelyinstall Uplay. No instructions, no hints telling me to do this.I also had to add -norigidchars to prevent the NPCs from shaking like they have parkinsons.I played Farcry 1 and 2, can't remeber having these problems... How can you release such shody work?"
,Not Recommended,220240,16665869,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,baja gaijin,"It's a game that feels like it wanted to go in the opposite direction of FC2's incredibly open world where the sheer variability of systems could backfire or interact in amazingly memorable ways, to a tightly-focused, more crafted island that has a small cast of distinct characters. And if it was just that first island with the distinct characters and the well-crafted experience, it wouldn't have me giving it a thumbs-down, but the problem is, the game takes this massive nosedive in the back half.I feel like I should state I had fun with half of this game, and so if you can find it for half price, that seems reasonable, but as a whole, this is the digital equivalent of swimming half of a lane pleasantly, and then finding that the return trip has replaced your flippers with concrete blocks."
,Recommended,220240,12725280,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,🌸KuShY🌸 燃えている♆,OMG This game is so good .. It's a very intresting game with a great story line. There is alot to do and is a open to explore.You can play co-op or single both are very fun. You will need a U-Play account to be able to play but no big deal..U-Play has alot of good games and you can attach you're steam to you're U-play.. I highly recommend this game It's challenge'ing. Similar to Just Cause 2 co-op.  You need to learn how to craft thing's into other item's alot of gun's to unlock..
,Recommended,220240,12786603,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,The Genki Dama,It's Farcry 2 but a million times better.
,Recommended,220240,25654400,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ุุ,Great game with good story and great graphics :)
76561198257683656,Recommended,220240,30545179,Posted: 16 March,all,🤣🤣,I like this game. This is a nice ♥♥♥♥ing game.
,Not Recommended,220240,11010397,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Atom Heart Mother,"I would like to start this review by saying this would probably be a great game if I could play it, but Uplay makes it so difficult to open this up and play it its crazy. It doesn't even work most of the time.Another thing I like to do with some of my games is load 100% finished savegames in free roam games so I can run around the island and do whatever. So far I have not been able to do so because Uplay's ""cloud protection"" wipes out saves, rewrites, replaces and overall just messes everything up. If you can deal with uplay go right ahead but if you can't pass on this one or get it on a console."
,Not Recommended,220240,9238093,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Jager,Just bought this on sale and spent the last 30 minutes trying to get it running.  Uplay is such a pain in the $@% that I wish I could just get my money back!  Don't get this game even if Ubisoft will pay you to take it!
,Recommended,220240,34140824,Posted: 10 August,all,✦StreFie™✦,an amazing open world fps game that allows you to explore many islands along with amazing voice actors. the game is a tropical themed game that had pirates invade many parts of the island and it is your job to save your friends and kill the pirate captain :)
,Recommended,220240,7879213,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sam,Awesome game but ♥♥♥♥ you uPlay.
,Recommended,220240,8111771,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,CI_Munchnplay,"A must have for any Adventurer gamer  who loves open world , and chaos, graphic gameplay [which can be toggled in settings] brings you in the world of farcry. the damage you get while you pull that bullet,nail,glass etc from your flesh, skinning animals you hunt , or just plain wrecking all hell for the enemy npcs, but wait There is the multiplayer, band together with your friends and take down countlesss levels and territory , make maps to play on with eachother and explore together in what you create. id say get this game  guys, gals, robots."
,Not Recommended,220240,18472207,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,-Pato-,wow.. Uplay has ruined EVERY ubisoft game for me. GG
76561198071724942,Not Recommended,220240,22026576,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Latios,"Great game, but the save system screws me over every single time. Abandon mission? Yes sure fine...no...I didn't want to load the save. No load button, save is compeltely automatic so if you screwed anything up and miss clicked too bad, now you're stuck. I don't see why at all you wouldn't add a load feature while playing the game and instead of abandoning my racing it puts me an hour back because screw you...Tecnical and ease of use issues really ruin the game for me."
,Recommended,220240,11875816,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,MeyBodyMeySoul,"This game is great had so much fun with it.  The story is awesome and some what believable.  The world is detailed and the gameplay is immersive(dem health regen animations man). After you finish the story I recommend setting up a classic rock station on pandora and YOLOing it on the outpost, so much fun.10/10 TAT bros for life and would strap c4 to a monkey again"
,Recommended,220240,15403465,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Bubbles,It is hard to sleep when the FarCry 3 is smiling to you from Steam Library.10/10
,Not Recommended,220240,18469011,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Winter,"Getting this Game at an amazing price was a hard on , but with uplay in the mix now im on flop not only do i have to run the game with steam but also uplay which you also need an account for. but the worst part is that makes me send myself cruel back in to my stomach is that the game been crashing on boot up , now i know that my PC has more then enough ♥♥♥♥ power to not only run this game but have it in 4k if there was a option but the game just wont work :( its sad to see a epic like this be wasted and swallowed by the mighty ♥♥♥♥ you banner and not work so for this mouning review i will have to say buy and pray really.Game it self 8/10 (xbox 360)Pc version ( fails to work and lack of support really)"
76561198072113741,Not Recommended,220240,12634833,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,memphi,I dont know if its just me being unlucky but the game will not load past uplay it always crashes so i wouldn't buy it just from that risk alone.
,Recommended,220240,13062090,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,♥NightlyDark♥,This game taught me how to play poker.10/10Too much water-ign7.8/10
76561198075677725,Not Recommended,220240,22046808,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Bariki,"i buy the game, i started the game for the first time and it says farcry 3 service is not avaible i google the problem try the fixes and it still doesnt work, so i return the game and be sad cuz i wanted to play that game"
,Recommended,220240,7915460,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,profjam,"Let's start by talking about why Assassin's Creed 3 is pish. It's a game obsessed with making you play exactly how the designers had intended. Those rewards you get for full synchronisation aren't rewards for playing well; in fact, withholding them is a punishment for playing a mission any way the designers didn't intend. Assassin's Creed 3 wants you to hit certain beats to look stylish and will end the game if you don't dance to its tune.Back in Assassin's Creed 2 the series valued emergence - the kind of crazy nonsense that might or might not happen depending on how you did or didn't play. You'd get a target and more often than not you'd do your thing and the game was happy for you to do it the way you want. Far Cry 3 loves emergence, and that makes it a more authentic Assassin's Creed than Assassin's Creed 3.It's not an unfair comparison. They were mostly developed at the same studio in Montreal, they both begin with the same old quote from Alice in Wonderland and then they both proceed to share the same ideas all over the place - similar towers to climb, similar minigames to play, a similar focus on hunting endangered critters, and a similar structure - with one critical difference: Far Cry 3 lets you do most things your way. It's a thirty-hour anecdote generator and some of the year's best gaming moments have been emergent madness spawned by Far Cry 3's checkpoint assaults.Now, there's a lot I dislike about Far Cry 3. The campaign has all your Game Design Favourites like Forced Stealth, Escort Missions, and First Person Platforming is terrible. I don't want to have to keep leaving the game to see my map or craft items and I don't see why Far Cry 2's magical cardboard in-game map couldn't have carried over to Far Cry 3.I once grumbled about Far Cry 2's respawning checkpoints but 3's alternative has you gradually stripping the world of content until there's nothing left to fight but a bunch of tapirs. And I'm not keen on the - to lapse into sociology-speak - ""othering"" of the Rakyat, the white dude restoring order to a disorderly ""ethnic"" land via the hot end of his assault rifle, or the implied♥♥♥♥♥♥and QTE disco stabfest stuff either.That's not to say I want Far Cry to be a PG-rated no-chairshots-to-the-head cuddlefest, because I miss the sheer brutality of Far Cry 2 - a game where your bestest buddy deforests acres of jungle with Agent Orange just so you can have a clear line of fire at the guys farming there, never mind the damage it does to the ecosystem or to your face.In Far Cry 2 even your friends weren't your friends and it all felt like a proper descent into madness - mad characters, mad game design, one final mad moral choice, the lot. Cut to Far Cry 3 and you're punching your brother until he cries, doing the whole ""look at my hands... what have I become?"" thing and then getting straight back to jumping off a cliff with a hang glider and dive-bombing guys for phat XP. Thematic consistency is the all I'm after - Far Cry 2 had it; Far Cry 3 doesn't.But Far Cry 2 also had bad guys who could spot the golf ball Alan Shepard teed off the Moon just as it's passing Jupiter so every mission became a shoot-'em-up killing spree where everyone and everything caught fire. Four years on, Far Cry 3 has bad guys with all the observational powers of a referee in the WWE, so stealth works and works well. You get to hide and feel powerful right up to the moment you make a silly mistake and then you get to fight off a small army with the obscene firepower you're given within minutes of starting the campaign.You have fantastic tools with which to scout out an area and so many ways to know when enemies are nearby - the radar, Brody's X-Ray vision, their constant chatter - that you master the environment. Games have become sorta obsessed with ""empowering"" players - apparently ignoring the important lessons taught by games like Resident Evil and Dark Souls on the way.But in stealth games every system needs to be transparent or else you end up shouting ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T"" at the screen when a brown man standing in front of a brown tree in a brown forest filled with brown grass on the other side of the universe puts a bullet between your eyes when you were hiding behind a rock. Far Cry 3 understands stealth like Mark of the Ninja does and it means you have the tools to play the game how you like.When he's not making games badder in badder Andy Kelly likes to take out outposts with a couple of neat sniper shots to the alarm system, then pick everyone off from afar. Me? I like to get in the camp and get up close with knife and bow. And we've both had fun with it. Something goes wrong so you hide and relocate, or you Rambo everyone to death with explosive arrows, maybe.I carry a grenade launcher everywhere like Mask De Smith and go explodey the very second a pirate or a Cassowary gives me an excuse. I once had a grenade launcher joust with pirates on a bridge until I'd dumped five truckfuls of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s into the river. Weird things happen in far Cry 3 and it's brilliant.When Ubisoft are trying to force Uncharted-style scripting into Assassin's Creed's massive open world it's clear game design is headed down a dark rabbit hole. And at the bottom of that hole isn't a magical wonderland filled with whimsical characters and adventure; nope, it's just a regular hole filled with rabbit poo. Far Cry 3 is good because it lets you tell your own stories within the neat boundaries Ubisoft give you. Mad emergent things happen and you're forced to deal with them using whatever comes to mind - stealth, fire, missiles, running away and hiding - Far Cry 3 doesn't care what you do, so long as you're having fun.And then you go away and tell your friends about what happened in your tropical adventure and they tell you what happened in theirs, and the stories you tell are different. That's what videogames are supposed to be. Any idiot can tell you a story, but only a videogame can give you enough flexibility to be creative and tell your own. Far Cry 3 is a proper videogame and I have the stories to prove it.If you like it, make a ""Yes""Thank you for your time!"
,Recommended,220240,11073312,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,$PAMMYH cya 2018,"UPLAY IS AN ABSOLUTELE CRAP, MY BUTT HURTS"
,Recommended,220240,15747995,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Blackthorne87,Far Cry 3 is badass and great game. This is my favorite of game Far Cry 3! I fall in love with Beautiful Islands and Beaches. Graphic is beautiful. You play use Shooter person. Story line is very good. Open world Islands and beaches and mountains are beautiful place. Vaas is Badass! So you need Survives do get more weapons and use drive on any of Vehicles and hunt wild animals  and fight against pirates and Drug gangs for protect yourself and people freedom and  save your few friends life then need get out of deadly islands. I started play this Far cry 3 I looked at people and places made me feel place like in the Philippines or Southeast of Asia that cool.  In my opinion Review is 10/10. :D
,Recommended,220240,12920138,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Final Link,I shot a lock on a cage with a tiger in it. The tiger proceeded to kill everyone in the outpost I was trying to take over. Then it killed me.10/10
,Not Recommended,220240,32166083,Posted: 3 June,all,crippled chair,"Great game, loved playing this on my PS3 back in the day.But cant reccomend due to...UPLAY! ♥♥♥♥ing game wont ever launch due to UPLAY ♥♥♥♥ing broken now"
,Recommended,220240,28244739,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,MΛXØИG,10/10great game
,Recommended,220240,23960558,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Randall Flagg,"Endless world FPS... Only if you like these. Continuing straight from FC2 (game char') you fight on a far away island to release your friends. While there's obviously a lot to do, single player can be over after 8 hours or less if you choose not to play any mission outside the plot. Some mission are fun, some get boring (actually, most of them are kind of repetitive in one way or the other after you play them a few times). Graphics are marvelous, and the sound is great too, but after finishing the game you feel some parts of the plot are weak, f.e. the parts where you fight bosses - you black out, all other enemies disappear... weak.The multi player was disappointing, but I really liked the Co-op (left4dead play style, with pirates instead of zombies). There are 8 missions to be played for hours, with a ladder to abilities and experience, as in any other shooter today. The Bad things in the MP are many sever disconnections, and visual bugs (like floating dead people, etc...).It's not as good as the gaming media shouted, but if you explore the whole island, buying it today for 7.49$ (in sales) , it is a money well spent.BTW, there is no reason to buy the Deluxe edition - unless you want the whole thing. It's main addition is 2 Island side missions, nothing more.7.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,13141230,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Eternity,"If you didn't play this game before, you should do this in a very short time, amazing storyline, you will be touched by this!10/10"
,Not Recommended,220240,8447421,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Crispy Tacos,"I wish I could recommend this game. It's moderately fun for the majority of it - aside from the annoying dream sequences - but the main story ground to a halt when I was suddenly forced to go on a stealth mission that automatically fails if you're ever detected. The fact that this restriction had not previously existed in any mission beforehand coupled with an imperfect AI detection screen (they saw me through a solid door once) and it made for an impasse in the game and - ultimately - left me unable to recommend this game.In an era of games like Dishonored, artificial stealth requirements - especially when I'm carrying more than enough ammunition to kill everyone in the base - just ruin the gameplay. There are too many other games that don't suddenly manufacture artificial requirements in missions to play to waste time on this one."
76561197970730162,Not Recommended,220240,8160703,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,FlaxSeed,I do not recomend this game. Uplay is required and a hassle to use. The save game system is frustrating. I have 12 minutes of game play and now I am done with it fo good. Only thing good was I got it for $8. I will uninstal and stay clear of all new Ubisoft games from here on out. I hope this review helps others.
,Not Recommended,220240,8160988,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kak,"For me and a few people i know, the creators ruined the replay value in a few easy steps.In custom matches:-No unlimited time-No vehicles-no weapon spawns-cant use ai in multiplayer...-lobby system is horrible= no creativity allowed in map making, which is what kept fc2 alive for so long.FC2 had an amazing multiplayer because you could do litterally anything you wanted... This game is more ""PLAY THIS LIKE YOU PLAY COD OR F' OFF""Its worth the $7.50 sale and nothing more, for singleplayer experience only.(which is WAY to easy)"
,Not Recommended,220240,8501620,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Savage,I just can not get into this game. The menu system is just so crappy and just kills it form me.
,Recommended,220240,7875389,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,GhostsheLL,"I have to recommend it to all even though you have to go through Uplay.. it typlically loads fast but does require an additional username and password. The game it self is one of the best I have played. In my opinion it blows Skyrim away, literally."
,Recommended,220240,11885398,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Death,"Far Cry 3 spits the naive, arrogant and entitled Jason Brody into a spiralling world of violence, anarchy and survival, beset in a jungle, where survival by whatever means necessary is the norm as he restores order to the islands by takling over pirate camps and towers to reveal a map of the islands.This is what a first-shooter, open-world game ought to be. Sure, it lacks character development in some scenes, such as Jason's thrust into the island without seeing his emotions unfold as he loses his brother to Vaas. And the main villain: He was really top-notch. Vaas played his role perfectly, though the game mechanics downplayed his role as a vilain. Taking down bosses in choreographed button mashes and simplistic scenes is no way to end a boss. Same went for Hoyt Voyker and Buck Hughes.All in all, its' many hours of exploration, take-downs, gliding, sky-diving, killing and blowing up things. A journey you'll be begging to return to over and over again.Second part: Co-Op. That is some awesome stuff. Adds many, many hours of hilarious gameplay and challenge-based system that add up XP , a'la Trials of the Rakyat in Single Player.Multi-player: Well, this is probably my favorite so far. You can't play it once. Custom maps can also be built and be featured here too.Notes: Mature content. Everywhere.Overall rating: 9.5 out of 10."
76561198090676691,Recommended,220240,23894833,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Jon Payne,"I never loved a game so much, it runs perfectly smooth on my crappy computer and thats on ultra settings, A amazing story that keeps you playing also a ton of side quest to keep you busy and inbetween missions... 10/10"
,Recommended,220240,8293255,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,❀christie-iwnl-,"One reason that this title is a must buy: Vaas Montenegro.This game, along with Borderlands 2 are the 2 best open world FPS's of 2012 (under the premise of FPSRPG being regarded as a sub-genre of FPS).'Nuff said."
,Recommended,220240,8419408,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,volka,"Farcry 3 Is a rpg first-person shooter, with a hint of  ""Cassowary Attack Simulator""You play as Jason Brody, And your objective ?To find your friends captured by the evil cassowary king ""Hoyt Volker"" (no relation to me)Basically you go around killing stuff and then skinning animals to make a better handbag, weapons purseand ammo sack.Since Hoyt Volker is the cassowary king he possess the power to control cassowaries. He uses them to attack you while you loot the enemies you just killed..Goodluck and remember to play with your sound on, otherwise you will never know how close those♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off cassowaries are to flay you while you are feeling up some dead guy for 4 $ and a spent lighter."
,Recommended,220240,13056554,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,imsellingacc,"Amazing game, ended it with tears in my eyes!Only cons - uPlay, but it is not an obstacle."
,Recommended,220240,15734513,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Pim #Baby Mario,เกมFar cry 3เป็นเกมที่จะมอบความอิสระ ความมันส์ ทิวทัศที่สวนงาม และเนื้อเรื่องอันแสนโรคจิตให้แก่คุณโดยเราจะได้รับบทเป็นเจสันที่มาเที่ยวกับเพื่อนที่เกาะและโดนจับตัวไปโดยกลุ่มก่อการร้ายภายในเกาะนั้นซึ่งขอบอกเลยว่าถึงพื้นที่ภายในเกมจะเป็นแค่เกาะแต่มันไม่ได้มีขนาดเล็กเลยเพราะมันมีขนาดที่กว้างใหญ่มากและมีเรื่องราวพร้อมกับภารกิจต่างๆให้ได้สำรวจกันยาว โดยทางด้านเกมเพลจะเสนอระบบการยิงแบบShooterที่สมจริง เสียงปืน เอฟเฟ็คการระเบิดทุกๆอย่าง เหมือนจริงมาก และที่ชอบมากคือระบบSystem Coverหรือระบบที่กำบังโดยอัตโนมัติ คือถ้าหากเราหลบอยู่หลังก้อนหินก้อนหนึ่งแล้วกดยิงตัวละครของเราก็จะโผล่หน้าออกมาจากก้อนหินแล้วยิงพอยิงเสร็จก็กลับไปหลบหลังก้อนหินเหมือนเดิมซึ่งถือเป็นอะไรที่เจ๋งและช่วยให้เกมสมจริงมากๆ
,Recommended,220240,10657656,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ҳҲҳPѺ§∑¡ĐѺNҳҲҳ,"One of the best open world FPS games ever made !!! A true amazing experience with wonderfull vivid and full of life islands and stunning athmosphere ! Every gamer should...sorry MUST play this awesome game !!! from vines climbing to hunting with a bow, to taking down whole outposts alone to diving into the water from highest places possible and even gliding in the air like Batman lol ! epic game is epic !! this game promises at least a month of gameplay for completing the entire map - which is seriously huge ! Dive into an adventure, play with your friends as well in multiplayer and simply enjoy the amazing story line and stunning detailed visuals ! \|/"
,Recommended,220240,25033006,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,*WWK* BinqDesign,Its was going ok till i had to install Uplay with it...WE HAVE GOT STEAM P#SS OFF UPLAY..
,Recommended,220240,32935833,Posted: 28 June,all,"""Fun"" Blocker ϟϟ",good game
,Recommended,220240,25025334,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,HP Deskjet,">Decide to Try to get some Tapir Skins since my pouch was already full>See a Tiger and try to kill it>Fail to but the Tiger is spooked by the bullets and runs>He seemed like a nice guy>Go back to takin down Tapirs>Collect a few and hear enemies nearby>Pull camera out and see they are surrounding a campfire, with a caged Tiger nearby>Oh no they didnt cage my feline friend>Kill all of them and walk up to the cage>Feel fantastic that I am saving this poor Tiger from being sold on the market>Slice the cage once>Cage breaks>Tiger Looks at me> Begins to try to kill me> I start sprinting away, heading towards a distant stream of water> Its pretty dark now at this point>Super sad and scared with the tiger a step behind me> Run up to the river bank and begin celebrating my escape from my tiger rival> Realize that it wasnt a shadow on the riverside>Crocodile pulls my body in>Already quite hurt from the tiger swipes>Head gets chomped and im killed11/10 would try to make a difference in the world again"
76561198305348516,Recommended,220240,25250612,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Monica GTX 650TI™,I love this game
,Recommended,220240,10203680,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,zigga,skrillex is in this 420/10
,Recommended,220240,24005394,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Hypno,"I have about 20 hours on the ps3 version, this is a very fun open world game that you can do the story at your own pace, I did all the extra stuff such as owning the control areas and activating radio towers first, but it goes at whatever pace you want.The game looks visually amazing and this game has my favorite villian ever, Vaas."
,Recommended,220240,25206135,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Doktor Vem,Did i ever tell you the definition of insanity?
76561198086718967,Not Recommended,220240,7110681,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,VisionHawk,"I'm not sure what to think about this one. I haven't played much because, quite frankly, the game just got very boring. I thought this game would be a lot like Fallout 3 with such a large open world and hunting down and finishing quests when, in all honesty, after the long opening (which you can't save and continue later without having to start half of it all over <annoying>) I found myself mostly wandering around (or driving, which is a nice addition) killing a few people here and there or hunting animals and plants to create things which is just clumsy. Quests are one thing, but looking for radio towers to activate just seems ridiculous. Nobody on the island would have done that yet?? On the plus side, the graphics are great and the weapons (when you can get them) are awesome plus, finding vehicles (land, sea, AND air) and driving (or gliding) them is fun and necessary to explore such a massive open world. I plan to revisit the island soon and see if there is more I just haven't seen yet. I'll update this when I do."
,Recommended,220240,16004436,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,600piecesof8,"""You kissed the girl, now you have to pay!""I recommend this enjoyable open world FPS. You loved your trip to Thailand and happen to likeApocalypse, now? Pros and cons in order:Positive:Absolutely amazing optics and level design. It is worth getting all the collectibles & loot, just because of some amazing caves and scenery.Vehicles are fun.Controls are easy and understandable.The main story is set right from the beginning. Some characters are done nicely; specially Buck and Vaas are great.The game had it's fun moments, including the side quests.Sometimes offers the choice between the Run & Gun or the stealth approach.Only minor bugs on Win7. (Some Dollar bills couldn't be picked up)The Co-Op mode is lotsa fun. As well, it got four great characters and good missions!Neutral:Liberating Outposts has absolutely no impact to the main story.Hunting was cool, but there were too many predators in the game for my liking, in case you have been idle for too long.You can bypass certain hard bits with Godmode-Syringes.Negative:The boss fights are all scripted and mostly alike.In general your main character as well as your friends are highly unlikeable. The first half of the story is fast paced and pretty good as well. After that, it looses steam quickly (Ubisoft, isn't it?) and barely crawls over the finish line. Did I mention the ""boss fights"" are non-events?The weapon's menu and the whole economic system are unbalanced. Weapons are tons of the same. With ""Signature Weapons"" each class has a weapon which maxes all peers out.The main story missions are very unimaginative and too much alike: Sneak somewhere in to kill someone or blow things up, exit in a rush.Not sure if owed to my minor difficulty level, but there weren't any helicopter battles except for a brief moment in the main story and the Rakiyat trials - and well, yes the last outpost. As well, I missed any navy battles or hang glider escapes built into the main story.Enemy AI seems to ""tag"" you even through bushes from miles and it is quite hard to loose the line of view, theras close to you, they start stumbling around and make easy targets.The loot button is the same as the weapon's switch button. This is extremely annoying."
,Recommended,220240,22274883,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Gustavostopher,Bad guy #1: I heard a noise over by that bush. I'm gonna go investigate. (Gets murdered. Corpse is dumped in the bush)Bad guy #2: I heard a noise over by that bush. I'm gonna go investigate. (Gets murdered. Corpse is dumped in the bush)Bad guy # 3: I heard a noise over by that bush...20 bad guys laterUsed one bush and a knife to take out twenty-three guys. None of em saw it coming.This plus more is what you'll find in this game. Buy it.
76561198010934172,Recommended,220240,18082002,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,I just wanna be pure,The best farcry by far
,Recommended,220240,16851300,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,SilverHawk,"Far Cry 3 has just become one of my favorite games of all time.I wasn't expecting such a great storyline from a game like this.The open world is incredibly beautiful and detailed, I discovered myself running around for no good reason, just to enjoy the view. There a lot of different guns available and you can customize them to adapt to your gameplay style: either you go sneaky beaky or you go full rampage. The AI is very good too. Plus, there are tons of alternative missions you can accomplish to make the game almost endless."
,Recommended,220240,11202880,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Depreee birdy (Card farming),"FarCry 3. One of the BEST games I’ve ever played in my years of gaming.There’s so much to talk about, I guess I’ll divide this game into multiple categories to talk about.– The storyline 10/10Words literally how amazingly amazing it felt to play this game. The story mode was well thought out and executed perfectly, an original story with everything else was amazing. I do not wish to spoil the story too much because you NEED to play this game. Basically you are a tourist visiting an island when suddenly something goes wrong…– The graphics 10/10Graphic-wise the game is beautiful and detailed, when you’re playing it, it feels like skyrim but with better graphics and more realistic weapons. Sure some computers may not be able to run the game, but the majority of the people who can run the game on the best graphics will admit it you can feel a simple breeze from the wind. The weather system can’t be talked bad about at all because the rain wasn’t too annoying, but was made just perfect.– The A.I 8/10The A.I is the only element in the game I could complain about, yet it was marvelous. In times during the game I noticed some A.I glitching in the wall or just auto-noticing me behind a wall. In other times the A.I were just surprisingly professional by avoiding all walls and hiding behind baricades while shooting me only when I stand up to shoot them! Also the A.I of animals was made so they act like they do in real life, from turtles crouching in their shell to sharks slowly getting closer and going in for the kill.– The Controls 10/10Everything was designed wisely, starting from the basic-in-every-game controls like WASD and Shift to sprint to smaller details like switching items in your inventory around the way you like.– The gameplay 10/10This is the main element of the game which is most essential. The possibilities are infinite, you can play the game as vanilla as you want by using weapons you pick up from the enemy but you can’t taste the game truly unless you’ve tried the RPG’s or the Flamethrower. The leveling up system in the game is not like any other but a very original concept. You unlock new weapons and get them free in shops by claiming land from the enemy or climbing radio towers which noticeably become harder to get on top of with every new one. You can also convert to be a better warrior for the sake of the island by leveling up and getting “Tatau” aka Tattoo’s on your arm which give you abilities like holding your breath underwater longer or decreasing the damage you take from animal bites.– The Ending 10/10I really can’t talk much about the ending to not spoil it, but the way you want the game to end is all up to you. There are 2 endings so it’s all up to you how you end the game.– Final Verdict 10/10The Game as a whole is a 10/10. A First person survival which has more then 30+ Realistic animals. I recommend everyone to play it."
,Recommended,220240,22373977,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,ArtyomGR,"An amazing game, featuring stunning visuals and gameplay..The combat system allows you to play the game your own way, whether it be like rambo or hitman, or a combination of both himbon! and many other play styles..The story could be strong, but its easily over looked when there is so much to do and explore..The co-op adds many more ours of fun and a social immersion into the tropical island paradise/hell..Get this game you won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,220240,18485712,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,TheMightyJingles,"Not worth the buy even with a disccount. Unplayable on Windows 10. ♥♥♥♥ UPLAY.When I click on the run FarCry 3 button on steam and my desktop, it just loads UPlay, and if I already have UPLay open Steam just tells me ""The App is already running"". When I click Play on the FarCry 3 icon on UPlay, nothing happens. Seriously, WTF?"
,Recommended,220240,10968309,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BredCoke,"I have beaten this game 3 times on Xbox360 and once on PC, I think i'm somewhat qualified to review it. Here are my thoughts...Pros:- Looks nice- Feels good to play- Ultra satisfying combat- Cool bad guys- Open world, lots to do- BoobiesCons:- Anti-Climactic in a lot of parts- Some AI issues- Lots of frustration in some parts- Second half of the game is so different it could be a seperate game-Epilepsy8.5/10A good buy if you like shooters and killing stuff"
,Recommended,220240,8182765,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Gonzo,I haven't even beaten the game yet and it's in my top 5 favorite games of all time. I cannot express how remarkable the story and characters are. By far the best intro to a video game I've ever seen and the game has the best antagonist I have ever seen.  Everyone should have this game in their library -- it is a MUST HAVE.
76561197995381979,Recommended,220240,12515681,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Billy_Brightside,"It all began when I read Swiss Family Robinson as a kid and watched Gilligan's Island reruns on television. It probably continued while watching Fantasy Island, (and Herve Villichaize in the belltower shouting ""de plane! de plane!"") during a harsh Indiana winter. I'm referring to my love for the South Pacific Ocean. My love for that place was finally requited when I spent two and a half years there in the US Navy on a forward deployed Fast Frigate. I left the Navy, and those cherished waters never to return again save for my dreams and memories. And that's the sucky part about aging. Each passing year makes the details a little more fuzzy, a little more distant. Sometimes I feel as if they're the memories of an entirely different person.And then I playedFar Cry 3.Guam, Diego Garcia, The Indian Ocean. It was all there for me, revisited on my computer screen. It was like an odd sense of coming home. Not only did the game's protagonist, Jason Brody, share the same adventurous locales as I did at his age, we also went through a deflowering of innocence all men take the path of, albeit mine occurred over years. Poor Brody's innocence was shattered the moment his brother and friends were accosted by the villians, Vaas and Hoyt, drug and slave traders who inhabit the gameworld like monsters.As I lead Brody through a dark passage of rites in rescuing his friends and a preciptious push into manhood I've gotten to know the island like my own backyard. I've not been affected by a game like this in ages. When I haven't been playing I've been listening to the game soundtrack so efficiently and appropriately helmed by Brian Tyler (e.g. Constantine, Iron Man 3.) Driving down the Indiana countryside looking up at these gray autumn skies and listening to this music, it just makes me yearn so much to go back to the island. It's a desire only fulfilled when I can sit in front of my computer again and lose myself entirely in the gameworld.The game will soon end for me. I'm on the last long downhill leg of the roller coaster. And it's been an ecstatic ride. Watching the end credits will be bittersweet, I'm sure, because I'm going to be reacquainted with that old feeling of leaving home once again."
76561198053286557,Recommended,220240,25177629,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Axxxel,"Excluding Uplay, this is a beautiful game. That island is mesmerizing, making you want to explore it inch by inch, lots of quests, secrets, shooting and a villain that you just won't forget!"
,Recommended,220240,12991441,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,720,"Far Cry 3 is like your favourite action movie. It has snipers, exploding vehicles, and a maniacal villain named Vaas. Already this may sound like a clichéd shooter, but Far Cry 3 does so many things well, that it’s hard not to dive back into its world again.Along your perilous journey, you will climb up a radio tower, cover yourself in magical tattoos, and drive a quad-bike into a river. All of these elements, while definitely daredevilish, don’t feel out of place in Far Cry 3. The map is vast, and allows you to explore to your heart’s content. Hunt wild animals to collect their skin, or liberate enemy outposts to gain respect amongst the civilians. In Far Cry 3, it’s completely up to your how you approach situations.Beneath the crazy guise that Ubisoft paints with Far Cry 3, lies a character that actually cares. Jason Brody, along with his other twentysomething friends, travel to the remote Rook Islands, for a holiday. But all is not what it seems. Vaas, a psychopathic leader of Rook Island, captures Jason and his friends. Jason escapes, but his other friends are not with him. Jason must meet with local islanders to find his friends and go home. Playing Far Cry 3, I thought Jason was an excellent character with a determined, hard-working spirit, who wants nothing but to keep his friends safe.Vaas is a wonderful villain, with humour, but also a sort of finess on how he handles situations. The strange calmness he portrays is intimidating, but at the same time, left me uneasy. He is definitely a unique character, and one that I welcomed into the game. The only this is, Vaas seemed to swear a lot, often too much. This took away from his character slightly, and was one of the only disappointments I had with this game.Far Cry 3’s gameplay is diverse, entertaining and never gets old. One moment, you will be fighting for your life setting pirates on fire, and the next you will be jumping out of a plane in a wingsuit. All of these never felt nuanced or out of place, and whether you are using a keyboard and mouse or a controller, the controls are easy to pick up, and similar to other games of its genre.The game’s campaign mode is quite long, and lasted me around twelve to fourteen hours. While it is definitely the main aspect of Far Cry 3, after you finish your missions on Rook Island, there are still so many other places to explore and new things to discover. Loot is found everywhere throughout the vast map, hidden in crates. Bodies can also contain money and trinkets, which can be sold for money at stores. Plants are also found on the minimap, each a different colour. I found the Green Leaves especially useful for crafting important medical syringe kits, which have saved me from death countless times.The customization of weapons in Far Cry 3 is amazing. If you really want to, you can add a Red Dot Sight to a .44 Magnum handgun, or an extended magazine to an ACE assault rifle. All of these can also be customized with decals and camos, letting you find the weapons that are more suited to your play style. You can equip an M249 SAW, an LMG, and a LPO-50 Flamethrower and torch the lot, or go in silently with a silenced Z93 and a Recurve Bow with a Reflex Sight. In Far Cry 3, it’s completely your choice.Vehicles in Far Cry 3 could have been much improved. There were only three “classes” of vehicles, like the army-like 4WDs or the sedans and quad bikes. These all handle basically the same, and I personally am not a fan of first-person driving and was disappointed you couldn’t change this. Also, vehicles are scarce around Rook Island, and I was often without a ride and sprinting for ages to get to a destination in time.Overall, Far Cry 3 is an amazingly diverse, creative and humongous first-person adventure, and one that will keep you glued to your monitor in excitement and anticipation as it shows you a fantastically good time."
76561198024152813,Not Recommended,220240,16451509,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cobalt,What a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wtf have they done to this game. Number 2 was such a well done game. Very dissapointed with this!
,Recommended,220240,25525956,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,noway^^,"Under my opinion best farcry of all (1,2,3,4). Primal is another story... Best characters too."
,Recommended,220240,13029407,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Big Russian Bo$$,"Good game, good simulator poker players."
,Recommended,220240,13095578,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Broxigar,"Far Cry 3, a game designed by Ubisoft! We're talking about an Action - First Person Shooter game! Well, it is well known for its Single Player mode, which I have to admit that I've found extremely well designed and of course, vicious! Also, we have to mention at this point that Far Cry 3 is an open world game, which gives you even more options concerning the gameplay (Herb Gathering, Animal Hunting etc.). The storyline is the following:You (Jason Brody) are on vacation with your brother and your friends in an awesome, abandoned, tropical island. You are trapped by some criminals who are led by Vaas and Hoyt, two evil and reckless masterminds. While you and your brother are kept under captivity you finally succeed to escape the enemy camp and then... Your adventure begins with one simple goal to achieve: find and rescue the rest of your friends!Will you succeed? It all depends on you and your judgement! Go and find it out! The game, simply amazed me (as I expected it to) and I was left fully satisfied by it. As for its multiplayer, it's fine and pretty simple (If you have played Battlefield/Call of Duty you will get what I'm talking about)! I didn't find anything exciting about it, but I have to admit that I really had fun playing it. Give it a try if you want to, but definitely complete the Single Player first! In conclusion I want to mention that there are various side-missions that are worth your time (I've finished all of them and I do strongly recommend you to do the same)AlsoI find that the game's characterization was simply breathtaking! They did a fine job with the game's design in general.**Attention: I don't know why the displayed hours are 0! Maybe cause I was playing it at offline mode!**I give this game9/10"
,Recommended,220240,11417545,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Mj-Moh,Beter than Cod Ghost
,Recommended,220240,13198996,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Bl3jA,"This is one of my favourite games... it has one of the best story lines i have ever played. The multiplayer is pretty good too, the co-op campaign is gripping too as it allows for in game competition between you and your friends so you can compete as well as complete the story.This is a must play game in my opinion"
,Recommended,220240,32853745,Posted: 27 June,all,PrettyP1nk,"So I am a big fan of Far Cry 4, and I really wanted to give this a shot.I will update this later, but so far on the few missions and side missions I've played, the game is just what I wanted! It looks amazing, and the story is great. (I like story based open world games, and so far I havn't found the story lacking depth.) I would recommend buying if, as 6 bucks is a pretty good deal for a game this fun."
,Recommended,220240,8427747,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,pandabeers,"VERY good game. Some major bugs in co-op and later on in the Singleplayer campaign some minor bugs, but ignore those and you got a 9/10 game."
76561197991083339,Recommended,220240,12059735,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,louterrence1,"I really had a blast playing Far Cry 3.  I can easily recommend it because of how easy it is to get into the world and enjoy hours of your life playing.  There are all type of different activities to do to keep busy, cool cut scenes, and good amount of weapons and animals.  While this game offers way more things to do.   I feel that Far Cry 3 blood dragon was better focus on just combat.  And the weapons at the end had me feeling like I was a superstar and unstoppable along with huge dragons to destory.  Also  this game sucked me in and had me spending more hours doing quest I normally skip.  This game is more pick up and go than Far Cry 2 and I have enjoy my time here much more than on Far Cry 2.  Uplay isn't that bad it just is a deacade late and we already have steam."
,Recommended,220240,10898562,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ayako Ari,I got past the first level of Uplay only to be hit by the second level of Uplay 11/10
,Not Recommended,220240,22134821,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Billy Louis the 3rd,"Uplay is terrible. Imagine that you're trying to play far cry 3, whicch you recently bought for 75% off, eight minutes before the sale ends, completely forgetting about Uplay. When you launch the game, uplay launches, you stare in horror and remember. the Ubisoft weekend sale. I should have known. This has probably ruined the experience for me. Oh, and the game only successfully runs 20% of the time on launch."
,Recommended,220240,16128234,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,BRIG Thompson [1BDE],It would be better if you didnt need damn uPlay.
76561198101492848,Not Recommended,220240,27495436,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ Ａｒｋｔｏｓ,couldn't get it to start 0/10loved it on ps3 9/10uplay 0/1000
,Recommended,220240,13397863,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,KHAneekh v0.2,"This game is awesome,loved the story , hunting ,graphics, fps shooter and the multyplayer/Co-op.But i've played only the farcry 3 ,its my favorite :D"
,Recommended,220240,10423965,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Cyranek,"""Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is?""  Insanity is you not playing this game."
,Recommended,220240,7852059,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Vaktmästare,All I wanna do is *BANG BANG BANG BANG!*And a *KKKAAAA CHING!*And take your money
,Recommended,220240,11292431,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,⎛⎞﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽﷽ ﷽,"A group of kids go on holiday in a really bad location. They should've checked on Smartraveller.gov before going, but they clearly didn't, because they parachute directly on to a pirate infested island. ""Oh yeah man, Ivory Coast, that sounds like an ace vacation spot. Lets not check anything about the area, lets just go because we're super spontaneous. #YOLO""I feel no sympathy for the player character because of his poor holiday choices and as a result I only get as far as the first cliff in the game, which I promptly jump off as this prospect is far more viable than battling an island of pirates with my sweet tribal bro-tats."
,Recommended,220240,31037090,Posted: 9 April,all,BORN TO KILL,"The best I've ever playedA divine open world where you can hunt in your spare time from missions, conquer enemy outposts and much moreThe storyline of the whole gameplay keeps you interested, despite a slightly monotonous mission"
76561198164894773,Recommended,220240,14877621,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MyNameIsGenius,Great Game:3
,Recommended,220240,28551345,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Elven,"Great game, great storyline. I enjoyed this much better than it's successor and was one of my first story games with decent graphics. Good crafting + item gathering system, very free open world and roaming AI aren't canned laughter, lots of assorted speech less repetitive than a lot of other games. Good experience."
,Recommended,220240,28708975,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Koukoubagios,"Awesome open world game and good graphics for back then.Addicting combat,hilarious voice acting and awesome characters!10/10"
,Recommended,220240,19241072,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,|ZCG| Zone Dymo,"Well just completed it....aaaand well I dont think its nearly as good as people make it out to be.The main story is imo extremely short, and too much out of your hands.In the end you get a choice, but honestly it barely is a choice from the perspective of the player, we only kinda know about our main characters background but what we play and thus experience is the complete other side of the coin.So this choice in the end is some stuff we get told apperently happened....vs the stuff we ACTUALLY experienced in the game....so yeah, not much of a choice really.And what is with the Hype around Vaas?Dude is seriously barely in teh game, hell everyone is barely there because the core story is so damn short but man, Vaas is in like what, 3 scenes?Whoop di♥♥♥♥♥♥ and nothing about those were remarkable or memorable, hardly the Bane from Dark Knight Rises now is he?Story falls apart in many places anyway, like the bs reason as to why I cannot instandly kill main baddy,♥♥♥♥♥♥was also so damn predictable urhhhggggg.The Island is huge and the game looks good and places are recognisable, soon you will know you way around just like you do after playing a while of GTA, thats all pretty cool.What is not is the actual content, or lack there off.Sure tons of stuff to collect....but that I find hardly constitutes of content.Skyrim for example as a lot of big stuff going on next to the main story, this game could learn from that because it has nothing of the sorts.All in all I think if I would have to express the experience in a rating, I would be inclined to say maybe a 7/10 but that would be generous.Its not bad, but its most def not the rating it has on several websites, really need to up our standards yo."
,Recommended,220240,7795647,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Crazedanimal™,"Great game, has a good variety of game modes.  Co-op, pvp, single player campaign.  Really liking the campaign.  Wouldn't mind playing some more co-op, just got no one who wants to.  And I suck at pvp so I didnt even try."
,Not Recommended,220240,12990078,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,xxunt,"This game is like trying to open a can of baked beans without a can opener, except once (if) you manage to get the game open it turns out that the can was just a stinking pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Thank you Uplay."
,Not Recommended,220240,18468804,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SPQR,♥♥♥♥ing UBISOFT AND UPLAY♥♥♥♥♥♥YOURSELF ! ! !
,Not Recommended,220240,22224574,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,JohnnyDalvi,"Uplay is horrible, they made me lose my save with 25hours because of their cloud..."
76561198192010411,Recommended,220240,29679714,Posted: 3 February,all,Keladran,This game is definition of insanityIf you know what i mean
,Recommended,220240,24159781,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Ali G | SOA Scotland President,"when i loot guards they keep having joints on them xDi cannot explain how amazing this game is, you must play it too see for yourself, if you dont have it you either live under a rock or just dont play it on steam anyway just stop doing the definiton of insanty (reading the reviews) and buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game, if not cause i told you to then do it for vaas, and his amazing quotes.."
,Recommended,220240,30043202,Posted: 19 February,all,Old Shool Classic,Best Far Cry
,Recommended,220240,8226458,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,SwMt | Flasher,Really enjoyable open world first-person shooter with amazing story. Probably the best Far Cry in franchise.
,Recommended,220240,13003754,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Oh WaW,i like steam online uplay
,Not Recommended,220240,9247862,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,:3,Buy the 2nd one ya stoopid
,Not Recommended,220240,30971369,Posted: 5 April,all,L3ros,"1. Uplay2. Not Windows 10 compatible without some tinkering3. Crashes because of steam overlay. A game that is sold on steam, crashes because of steam. Seriously Ubisoft..."
,Not Recommended,220240,12948251,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Nikolai Belinski,Uplay ♥♥♥♥ed me over
76561198036798112,Not Recommended,220240,22039264,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Weeb jumper 2k17,"Uplay, seriously? Uplay doesn't even protect the game from piracy. Why the ♥♥♥♥ did I buy this legally?"
,Recommended,220240,13283643,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Steelrain🎃,one of my favorite open-world uplay updating simulators of all time
76561197972390763,Recommended,220240,21265185,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Exige,"SPOILER ALERT!I have to grudgingly recommend this because of the excellent stealth gameplay and realistic level design, despite uplay and one of the stupidest plots ever written for a video game. Some highlights:Our protagonist meets his friend, who has an escape plan:""How will we escape?""""We found a boat!""""Awesome!""""A broken boat.""""I... uh... guess you could fix it...""""A broken boat in a cave at the top of a mountain.""""What?""""A cave with no boat-sized exits...""""Seriously?""""...or any nearby water.""(long pause)""How many of those pills did you take?""""Eleventy?""""Yeah, that's what I thought...""Our protagonist meets up with Buck, who has been sending him to uncover ancient lost tombs:""Listen, Buck. The last two times you sent me to a 'lost' tomb, it was filled with pirates. Not centuries-old ghost pirates - the normal kind. And when I got there, you were already there waiting for me. I'd guess that both you and every pirate on the island already knows where the stupid tomb is. So instead of using this magic stone compass thing, why don't we try looking for the tomb on a tourist map first?""Our protagonist meets up with Buck one last time:""Hey Buck""""Hey, Snow White. I'm here to betray you.""""That was incredibly obvious. Do you realize that I'm holding a small arsenal?""""Yep.""""...and that I killed like 200 dudes on the way here?""""Yep.""""...and that all you have is a dull antique knife, and you're standing on the other side of the room?""""Yep.""""Then why tell me?""""Because you can't shoot me during a cutscene.""""Touche.""Our protagonist meets a deep cover agent:""Hey I've got a plan to kill Hoyt.""""Hit me.""""First we'll bring you to his private office and introduce you to him. You'll try to get a job working for him, and after we've earned his trust we'll get you an invitation to one of his poker games. You can kill him when you're alone with him at the game.""""Wait... this plan starts with meeting Hoyt alone, then follows an elaborate set of steps so we can... uh... meet with Hoyt alone?""""Exactly.""""I can't think of a problem with that. Let's go.""Our protagonist is presented with a moral choice at the end of the game:""Jason, you must choose to leave the island with your friends, or kill them and stay here with me.""""You want me to do what to my friends?""""Kill them.""""Sorry, I thought you said kill them.""""I did.""""Not even if you weren't obviously a psychopath. Nobody would kill their friend for no reason. Actually, nobody would even have lifted the knife to her throat unless a cutscene made them do it. Why would you even include this as an option? Seriously, who thought this ending was worthy of occupying space on my hard disk? Hold on a second. Let me Google this.""Jason puts down the knife and pulls out his phone.""Wait..."" he giggles ""the main writer thought this plot was clever? Oh my goodness."" he starts laughing ""the guy thinks that he's subverting video game cliches by just retelling them in the most literal way? Hahaha. Oh this is good. He said in an interview that he thinks we should be looking for deeper meanings rather than just saying 'I get it. That was dumb.' That would be like looking for deeper meanings in Earnest Goes to Camp. He honestly thinks critics hate this plot because we only half-listened to it, not because we understood it and think it's idiotic.""Jason ghasps for breath and wipes a tear from his eye.Citra stares at him for a moment. ""So... uh... are you going to kill your friends?""""No, but thanks for the laughs.""""Wait! What will you do now?""""Steal some cars and sneak into a bunch more heavily armed compounds because - honestly? That's a riot.""Subscribe to my curator page hereView my other reviews here"
,Not Recommended,220240,15320409,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,cptcomic,- Uplay- be prepared for the most boring start of a game
,Not Recommended,220240,19503676,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,AzidicArcturus,uplayyo dawg i herd u like game distributor launchers so we put a game distributor launcher within a game distributor launcher and we called it a pice of sht namd uplay
,Not Recommended,220240,21522469,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,fallen,Game installs a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of bloatware from ubisoft. Instant thumbs down from me.
,Recommended,220240,18848493,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Pip Boy Roy,I finally beat this game. Multiplayer is not fun. I never want to play this game again. Peppbles are broken. Was worth it for Uplay and getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a gypsy.FInal Score 7.5/10
,Recommended,220240,19832130,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,BOBBY B,"Jason Brody is honestly one of the biggest scumbag player-characters in gaming history. This guy is a total meme-loving piece of ♥♥♥♥.Gameplay is solid, graphics look great for the age and exploration is solid.But, honestly? Uplay. Uplay and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ protagonist ruined this game for me.Storyline: 5/10Gameplay: 9/10Overall: 7/10. Buy it on sale, and just ignore the storyline. You'll enjoy it then."
,Recommended,220240,8841072,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Immotus,"Far Cry has always been the best hang gliding series out there, and this one, while it does not vastly improve on the hang gliding formula, is still an improvement at the end of the day.Unfortunately, the series still suffers from some the same problems that have plagued it since its release. Far too many obstacles and opponents in between you and the next hang glider, and the hang gliders are so spread out. I assume they are so widespread in order to build anticipation before you glide over the countryside, but it's a little exaggerated.7/10, hang gliding still fun but not really added to."
,Recommended,220240,13897298,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,g4p btw,"I played this game for seventeen hours straight the first time I sat down and turned it on. I hope that convinces you that this game is great more than it convinces you that I have no self-control or sense of time. I advise anyone who is even remotely familiar with the mechanics of the Far Cry series to play on the hardest difficulty- any less and you'll probably get bored.In seventeen hours, I am not even close to done with the singleplayer story and have yet to begin playing co-op or multiplayer, but what I have seen so far is amazing. One outstanding feature is Far Cry 3's use of wildlife, which is superb, and miles ahead of its predecessor, in which you would scarecly see any animals at all. While playing this game, I am in constant fear of tigers, sharks, and crocodiles, namely, but there are other animals which range from frightening (cassowaries, they are the spawn of the devil) to irritating (herds of deer darting past). Another improvement over FC2 is the more widespread utilization of fast travel, which was a huge pain and is now endurable. I am more apprehensive about the change in how outposts are managed. Instead of having enemies respawn every time the player leaves the area, guardposts are now on by default, until permanently turned off when the player kills all the guards stationed there.tl;dr better than FC2 because of combat system, setting, plot, and ANIMALS"
,Recommended,220240,13108399,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Samosa,"A good adventure game, easy to grip, and cool gameplay."
,Recommended,220240,25180289,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Shutup868,"I consider this game having three acts, the first starting out on the island and hunting down Vaas, the second having you reach the second island, and the third having you complete the game.It has 38 story missions total, so about 12-13 missions for each act. The game is also split between two islands, the first two acts take place on the first island with the final act taking place on the second. The game starts off great, I was really enjoying the first act, and the side missions were fun enough to keep me doing them. However, after a while the side missions just get boring, as unfortunately they fall into the Ubisoft formula of ""Go here, kill this, come back."" that plagues their games. I completed about 2/3 of the side missions before I just started ignoring them, and strangely all of the side missions you can do to get special animal skins to craft the best upgrades are all on the first island, so you'll have every upgrade before you finish the first act. Also for the first act you talk a lot with your new buddy, Dennis, and he helps you through learning the ropes of the island. I really liked Dennis, and by the end of the game I really felt bad for him.The second act is where I found the game really fell flat. I quite enjoyed Vaas and his role in the game, but unfortunately he doesn't stick around until even the end of the second act. After him you have to deal with his boss, Hoyt, who has hardly even been mentioned until this point in the game and isn't nearly as interesting. Along with losing interest in the side missions, I was also losing interest with the story. There wasn't really much keeping me going at this point, even Jason was starting to irk me, as I just couldn't understand a lot of his decisions and most of what was even coming out of his mouth anymore.However, I feel the third act is where the game really shines. The last 10 missions are fantastic, and your new new buddy, Sam, is a really fun character and adds a lot of spice back to the game. I definitely like Sam more than Dennis, and the story missions with him are by far the best. Fortunately Jason was getting a little better in my eyes and I was liking him again, and a lot of the stupid things he was saying in the second act have passed. The final few missions were amazing and I finished the game with a significantly higher opinion of it than I had by the end of the second act.Meanwhile, there are lots of collectibles, as is to be expected from a Ubisoft game. This game seems to try and one-up Assassin's Creed by having at least a thousand chests scattered around the two islands (this is probably an exaggeration, but good lord there has got to be at least 500), not to mention 120 relics, 20 Japanese WWII letters, and 20 drug dealer memory cards to collect. As with all Assassin's Creed games, you can purchase maps to show you where everything is, then you just have to collect them.Overall, the game is very fun despite the weak middle part. Though keep in mind that it will be a test of endurance if you plan on achieving 100% completion as the collectibles and side missions are an exercise in tedium."
,Not Recommended,220240,8458480,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TheNewcomer,"how can it be, a game stopping storyline bug, 1 year after game release, which was already posted in 2012 in some forums?"
,Recommended,220240,13629017,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Dmaster223,Loved it so much I forgot about all other games for two weeks so I could play this. I can't wait to get more Far Cry!
76561198023589870,Not Recommended,220240,8459370,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bud Kushinski,Totally generic. Utterly boring. Complete waste of 'open world' gameplay.This game is a chore to play..... Even at $5 it's a waste...Boo Hiss Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,220240,8488138,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Zoris,"Far Cry 3 is all about adventure, carnage, the jungle aspect and getting the best guns for your assault type. There are a lot of areas where FarCry succeeds but many more where it simply falls through the floor.Far Cry 3 offers a compelling storyline through the singleplayer campaign. It is almost unrivaled and allows you to take hold of a person and watch them grow from a normal friend-loving schoolboy to a psuedo-psycho badass of the jungle.Multiplayer is completely broken as there a lot of bugs and hiccups along the way. The loadout option is pretty much useless as there is currently one build that destroys anything else that you put against it.Coop is a very welcomed theme within the Far Cry series, it's just a shame it wasn't implemented into the overall storyline. Or atleast contained within it's own world. Rather than you and a friend playing within the island sandbox, you are forced to go through objective-based and competition-based tasks that follow a very crappy storyline of 4 people just wanting to get rich and get out.++ Singleplay, Multiplayer and COOP modes.+ Guns and tools are nice+ Great scenery+++Buy this game for the singleplayer- Multiple bugs- Uplay requirements/overlay- Game-breaking bugs- Overpowered SMG class- Graphics are similar to FC2 but..worse?I would only recommend this game for the singleplayer and nothing else. The coop is fun if you're with the right people and playing on INSANE mode."
,Recommended,220240,8523053,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ThatGuyBenny,Probably best game played in a while! The story is really good and the graphics are amazing! The game in general is just so much fun and there is so much too explore in the awesome open world.. And the action/combat is just plain badass! 7.49 (winter steam sale) for this game is just crazy this game is 100% worth it!
,Recommended,220240,14685016,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,sadcide,"Far Cry 3 - the best Game (Singleplayer) I#ve ever played!So much details, the story is so strong and it looks great, even when you dont have the best PC."
,Recommended,220240,14940473,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Caesar,"Game still awesome, especially coop and multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,220240,8460853,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,|||||||||||||,"The story plot is abit lame and straightforward, bossfights are easy that takes place in less than 30seconds.. and some of Jason's actions aren't really feasible.. Like ""poker night"" and the ""tatau trigger whenever he is shot/knifed. Nevertheless, it's pretty cool with the stealth modes around, with different weapon to use and able to drive and hunt in a rather large open world sandbox. Resembles assassin's creed, but with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot.6.5/10"
76561198080397625,Not Recommended,220240,8476851,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,nahtaN_ シ csgolotto.com,"Many people have had this problem- Activation Code, has already been used."
76561198006216609,Recommended,220240,9215384,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Hedgehog,+ Open world+ Good Graphics+ Nice skill system+ Weapons can be upgraded+ Lots of optional side missions+ Vaas Montenegro - Very entertaining villain- Requires a Uplay account- When I'm in bushes I often find my character throwing rocks/grenades at myself- Controls - I find myself throwing down my weapons for ones I didn't want and not healing myself when I try to heal due to the Hold button down mechanic- Repetitive missions
76561198144842281,Recommended,220240,14753677,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,The Real Fallen,On my 3rd playthrough right now and I just cant get enough of this awesome story!
,Recommended,220240,28846883,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,legiantsquid,"Pros: organic gameplay, layered narrative, awesome campaignCons: a little repetitive, lackluster multiplayer, weak co-op missionsHere's a massive island. Here's a gun. Have fun."
,Recommended,220240,10210730,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,A French School Girl,It's like skyrim with guns!
76561197966566326,Recommended,220240,12232884,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Kelp™,"Amazing game! For me, the graphics looked great! The storyline was fun, and even after I beat it I wanted to keep going. I would have liked if you didnt have to have Uplay, but it gives bonus ingame content, which is actually some pretty cool stuff, so its worth it IMO, waiting for a sale would be a complete steal! The game is definitely worth $30, and any lower would be very underpriced and a great buy! I really recommend this to all my friends, and others reading this."
,Not Recommended,220240,11083326,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,laughingman91,"tl;dnr ::DO NOT BUY THIS GAME-IT USES UBISOFT UPLAYDO YOURSELF A FAVOURandCHECK OUT THE UPLAY FORUMSbefore even considering touching your wallet.It will take you more time to fix this half baked DRM catastrophe than you'll ever spend time playing the games you wanted to play- if you ever manage to even get them running.A simple google search showed me other ways to play Ubisoft games without UPLAY, and while these unsavoury methods might promote unlawful activityIT WOULD BE BY FAR THE BETTER OPTIONif your goal is to Actually Play A Video Game.I'dloveto give the actual product a review here, but:ubisoft uplay."
,Not Recommended,220240,10706058,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,all hero challange,"♥♥♥♥ you UPLAY , you distroy this game ... *infinite loading screen*DON'T BUY THIS UPLAY CRAP!p.s. : the game it's grate ... just uplay sucks :\"
,Recommended,220240,23481774,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,SzalonyKurczak,"Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?!Do you know definition of insanity? Great game with good story + Vaas , one of the best character in games ever."
,Recommended,220240,22987981,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Hellrazor215,This game is absolutely fantastic. I've beaten it multiple times and still go back and play it every couple of months.
,Recommended,220240,23668264,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,SwiFT,This game is just amazing! Great story and open world. A must have game for everyone who likes the Far Cry franchise.
,Recommended,220240,28834155,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NeoCJay,"Nice game with a stunning hollywood history/plot . It's enjoyable for the first part of the game, but then nothing new happens and you end up doing the same stuff you were doing at the first hour of the game (besides the plot). So it's a nice game plenty of stealth assault opportunities and an amazing deep-in storytelling, but for mechanics and features there is not much of innovation."
,Recommended,220240,20416408,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,✪Νendax✪,Have a ever told you the definition of insanity ? Awesome gameplay awesome story . The environment rocks and Vaas. Upgrades and lots of stuff. I think it's the best Far Cry game by far .
,Recommended,220240,13064275,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Firelintjjj,i really enjoyed the storyline i felt i was Jason Bordy really nice open map beautiful graphics and so on a really must buy! ;)
,Not Recommended,220240,8316545,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Moxie,"I was really looking forward to a CryTek-powered open world shooter.  What I got was a dirty needle and some pig entrails.  This is a disgusting game in more than one way.  Obviously, there's a crafting system that involves gutting and skinning animals that you hunt.  It's gross and I can get past that.  That's not the disgusting that bothers me.  The enemies are pretty rough characters -- drug runners, kidnappers and mercenaries.  Looting them will yield an assortment of colorful vendor fodder like dirty needles, crackpipes and the sort.  This bothers me a bit...but I can get past it.  The game, however, seems to pride itself in what an ugly world and situation it places you in.  Loading screens treat you with random, stream-of-consciousness words, a few of which are obscenities.  Of course the in-game dialog is repleat with obscenities.  I guess you can't have a modern ""gritty"" game without them.  At this point, I'm swallowing a lot of ugly for the sake of the game play, which holds up pretty well until you start hitting certain progression walls.Like many games claiming to be open worlds, the world is gradually revealed or unlocked through progression in the story.  Character skills and crafting recipes are similarly locked to your storyline.  In the end, it was these restrictions that put me off to the game entirely.  I hated the storyline for the game's ugliness I described above.  I just didn't want to run through it.  However, with at least half of the game world locked away behind irritating game content, I lost my will to play the game at all.  And cheat codes don't help you much in escort missions in which NPCs will gladly take cover in front of enemy gunfire.All of that said, I laud CryTek for what they tried to do here -- open world shooting with crafting and skill systems that feel lifted from the latest MMO.  I loved that concept.  I just wish it weren't tied to content that made me feel worse for playing the game."
,Recommended,220240,10824585,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,snoop,"My all time favorite game. A fantastic story, great interesting characters, fun side missions, suprisingly fun driving, Great Combat, Liberating Outposts is super fun, and one of my favorite thing to do in the game, i love all the different ways there are to approach situations, you can snipe from long range, sneak out and use take downs and your bow, drive in and shoot everyone up,sneak n to deactivate the alarm then running in and shooting everyone up. It is really great fun. The open world is fantastic with tons of collectibles and animals around to collect and hunt. I would recommend this game to anybody who likes videogames, and if you were planning on buying fc4, still buy this, it is a classic. I've played this game to 100% completion 3 times on different consoles, but i would have to say PC does it justice... must buy."
,Recommended,220240,14037227,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BigBoy,"The craziest, most awesome game I have ever played.The game is perfect for those who like crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ big explosions and awesome soundtracks.I had the luxury of playing the game at the best graphics,although it runs pretty well on the lowest ones too when I tested it on a worse rig.It has tons of variety and lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥to do after you finish the main story although the hunting, assassinating and driving missions get boring (which are the most frequent).If you like crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥I deffinetly recommend the game. If you want a good story with memorable characters you will be satisfied, expecially from Vaas.Multiplayer is dead by time of review and co-op is mediocre.The two modes feel as though they were made sluggishly and without any interest in them.Overall i would give the game a 9/10!!!"
76561198056175635,Recommended,220240,10840539,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Aviator Walrus,Burning marijuana with a flamethrower while listening to a dubstep remix of a Bob Marley song has never been so fun.
76561198119582144,Recommended,220240,13188193,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,LouisVitton,Better than Far Cry 4.
,Recommended,220240,15736674,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,RAZI(NO GAMES 4 9MONTHS),Nice Story!!
,Recommended,220240,22214439,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,فندن٢٠,"I bought this game when i had ps3 two years ago, and now i'm so happy to be reunited with this game again, the graphic even better now than when i was playing it on ps3 tho, since i havent try any far cry 4 or far cry primal sequel, but i guess far cry 3 is still entertaining for 2016."
,Recommended,220240,10661178,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CoSmY hellcase.com,WoW ! This game it's awesome !!! I love it <3
,Recommended,220240,33042129,Posted: 30 June,all,Arctic,"A lot of stuff to do,good combat and environment.If you like Assassins Creed Black Flag with the Pirates theme this story has you would like the game,just that this is more modern pirates.The story is really good,Vaas the antagonist is funny,and fits his role,voice actor did a good job with him."
76561198093243760,Recommended,220240,15655461,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Takodo,"Far Cry 3 is the thrilling follow up to Far Cry 2: Vampire hunterThe vampires have moved to a tropical island, a bad move for them. It's your job to hunt them down as they cower in their huts through the day and rule the forest at night.Get your bow and wooden stake.Their cries can be heard far in the forest.FAR. CRY. THREE.Its vampire hunting time!"
,Recommended,220240,11924905,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Elite SouthBeach Cutler,"Good game but I didnt really explore much and once you have all the radio towers getting any weapons or upgrades isnt a challenge, as soon as I beat the campaign I just got bored and speaking of the story the difficulty is a little cheap as even normal is quite difficult for the average joe. Good game though, but some bad stuff."
,Recommended,220240,14289901,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Indythedefender,"Far Cry 3 is the best/worst game you will ever play.It gives you a wide open world to explore at your pace, but only when it suits the gameIt gives you plenty of side missions to complete in your own way, but they all have arbitrary rules that you need to follow.It gives you a gripping story of a dudebro trapped on an island who lets go and makes his own way, losing his sanity in the process.At the same time you will lose your sanity because while your free to do whatever you want, you can only be as free as the game lets you.For examply, for arbitrary reasons the game restricts your progression until you've completed certain missions. Theres no real reason listed in the plot. Theres no gameplay stability that is disrupted in the gameplay that letting you level up however you want. The game has no reason to restrict you.But it does.Though I might sound a bit critical of the game, it really is fun. Its just also really stupid. REALLY stupid. I highly recomend it, but it has its quirks that don't make any sense."
76561198003166569,Recommended,220240,23798053,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,John Courtier,"Edit:Looks like this fixes the crashes:Thanks to SamaelShih, it has been figured out that TabletInputService forces FarCry3.exe to crash, when enabled. To solve the crash problem:1) Open Task Manager2) Go to Services3) Identify TabletInputService (Touch Keyboard and Handwriting Panel Service)4) Stop the service5) Launch FarCry3Service could be re-enabled, when you're done.Enjoy!""Did I ever tell you the definition of the ""Insanity""?"" -  pretty much, what's been happening in this thread for the last 3 months.It would be a good game if, and there is strong if, it wouldn't crash every 10 random minutes. Too bad. It's hardly playable for me. Not everyone experience the crashes, but those who do, won't shake them off any easily."
76561198131144316,Recommended,220240,10726575,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,epic563,By far the best game I own. It has that adventure that makes you want to go explore the map to see what could happen next.
,Recommended,220240,8286487,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Optimore,"Amazing. Amazing, amazing, amazing. Excellent shooting and stealth mechanics coupled with a great story and incredible characters. Best game of 2012, and I'm not sure any games in its niche have ever or will ever top it. Except maybe FC4- but that's another story. Point is, you need to get this game."
,Recommended,220240,10540274,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,[Pgp] Norwegian,"I am personally not a big fan of FPS games.But this game, it has just something special about it. Even for a non-FPS fan. The adventure, the great shooting mechanics, the fun, the big open world that you can explore. Beautiful Graphics, a good story line and hours of fun!My Final Verdict of The Game: 10/10 - Looking forward to see if Far Cry 4 will stand to challange this."
,Recommended,220240,12148394,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Lowset,Boobs. 12.9/10
76561198017744567,Recommended,220240,13262526,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,dellyfry,"Nice, open sand box world with a variety of weapoins, politicial factions, alternate endings, friendsships to be forms, living off the land - very open enedned and fun. Recommended."
76561198136999332,Recommended,220240,12295648,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Adrianthe4th,"This review is as followsPros--amazing campain-solid shooting-amazing graphics-hunting-exploration-sidequests-interisting characters-awsome baddie-knive fights-POKER-stealth mechanics work brilliantlyCONS--requires uplay-awful multiplayer-bad coop-quicktime events(this dosent apply to much of the game but its annoying to play quick time events on a keyboard when you have to mash c press left click then press w so that you have no idea what comes next)-this might not apply to some but the difficulty should be a little bit harder-vass's death( I mean the exicution of the way he died, worst way to kill of a guy is in a moment where skill doesnt matter)-and last but not least... the way it requires a beast of a machine to run it(more info below)All in all a great game the few cons dont make it a bad game but it soughtve is annoying with uplay but it runs fine so i dont see what everyones complaining about.Yes it has flaws, what game doesnt, but be warned you need a good computer to run it well.The minimium requirments is a lie. you need a GOOD PC, if you dont have a good machine and you want to play it, then make sure you have the minimiun requirments... Get this game RIGHT NOW... or when ever its on special. just make sure you get it"
,Recommended,220240,23051121,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,EizLeiy,A game with good gameplay and nice graphics ! i <3 it !
,Recommended,220240,30564074,Posted: 16 March,all,Bubbzies,"What can be said about Far Cry 3 That hasnt already been ♥♥♥♥ing said? No really?The gun play is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, The world is just about as open as you can get to the point whereyou have explored and done everything and cant move on untill you litterally have to do story as thats the only way to get to your next major location, the customisation feels great, the stealth is actually useful and interesting. YOU CAN BURN DOWN EVERYTHING! (Well most things atleast...) and the voice acting (For the most part) is extremly memorable and fun for the story, the only major exception there being the NPC's who all have the same voice actors recorded on a potatoe but who gives a ♥♥♥♥ they are there for you to kill.The cons whowever I think are pretty well globally known.The multiplayer just doesnt function half the time, there are tonnes of glitches where you just cant do anything about it and have to either reload your last save or die to fix them, the enemy hitboxes can be abit buggy and the single handedly worst part Even now 5 years and 3 months after its release... Uplay. God ♥♥♥♥ing dammit Uplay your the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with in all my time gaming, no matter where it is PC Or console no matter the game Uplay is the most unco-operative peice of trash I've ever had the displeasure of dealing with And thats including Origin and having to deal with actual people while working in retail. May its inventor forever walk on lego with bare feet and have an itch that they either cannot reach or simply wont stop."
,Recommended,220240,11365012,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,GoldenBaauuwls,"Grear, great game. I've played the campaign through over and over again. The online is also pretty good along with the co op campaign. The Island is really well designed with lots to discover. I just keep on finding new cool stuff and hidden jokes. The voice overs are absolutely, hands-down the best i've heard in any game i've ever played. This game will definitely keep you entertained for many, many hours"
,Recommended,220240,9946157,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,UNDERSKIES,Vício!
76561198067453339,Recommended,220240,12970721,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,「Brutal Taco」,What sick man sends Uplay to fight me?
76561198003476696,Recommended,220240,2174185,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,DrFluffy,"A great first player story that really sucks you in.   Facial expressions on characters are amazing..I remember when the first Far Cry blew me away, this new Far Cry has shot me out of the solar system, it's that good.  AND to top it off its got fun, competitive Multiplayer!   Plus, remember the bowcaster in Rambo that has explosive  arrows?  Its in here!"
,Recommended,220240,25571618,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BHZZZ-,"Probably one of the best fps of all time, even today, great in single-player, great in multiplayer. Thank you Ubisoft."
,Recommended,220240,18648165,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Enzevil,"Beautiful graphics, awesome story, outstanding setting, exciting combat, many (upgradable) weapons and insane enemies. I really enjoyed this game, and I would recommend this game for every FPS fan. You can either free-roam or complete cool missions on this beautiful tropical island, it's also possible to hunt animals and make objects from their fur. This is definitely one of the best shooters I've ever played, if not the best."
,Recommended,220240,13975475,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,perato,"Far Cry 3 is a solid game. I recommend it to everyone who enjoys FPS or sandbox genres. It had surprisingly well designed game play which made the game feel fresh for the whole time I played it. Graphics looked good on my 5 year old pc and sounds were even better apart from music. Voice acting was nice and sounds of the jungle felt good if not great. So it is definately a better game than FC2 or first Far cry. What surprised me most is the fact that this game really feels like both of those games thought they were nothing alike when compared to each other.Sneaking is decently done, and variety of weapons and different missions kept the game going for around 30 hours. Although the jungle looked good, it never really felt in any way threatening and was kinda like walking in a zoo or something. I hope we'll see more dense, darker and frightening jungles in the future. And more varied landscapes, these islands felt a bit too dull in a way that it all looked pretty much the same apart from some swamps. As I realised that the Island looks pretty much the same all around, I kinda stopped looking after the chests and relics. Didn't bother looking for them from the south island at all compared to the fact that around 60 % of the chests in top island was gathered and all the relics.That being said, I still didn't think this was a GOTY or even 9/10 game. I would give it 8.5/10. Main flaws of the game is the story and the characters. Story is thin and empty: about rescuing your brothers and friends and becoming a ""warrior"" for the local tribe. The story makes little sense and feels very weird time to time, especially towards the end. The atmosphere changes drastically between characters that are meant to be funny and the few minute drops of serious conversations with your friends. Combined to the fact that between missions the protagonist is running around picking flowers, hunting, flying, playing cards and doing whatever, the story feels disconnected from the world. I got the same feeling that I got from Far Cry 2; Someone wanted to make a serious game with serious plot about insanity, but at some point someone wanted to water it down and make it more relaxed and funny. The result is mish mash that's neither funny nor serious. Then again I felt that I played the game wrong. I should've just went straight for the main missions and totally ignore about everything else the environment offered me.I didn't know much about the game before I played it but I definately knew about Vaas. He was the biggest disappointment. He had maybe 10-20 mins of screen time and barely made any sense at all. And no, it's not a testimony for his insanity, it's testimony for directors lack of will to make this game a whole instead of gathering of pieces. There were no other characters that were in any way memorable, except for the main protagonist which turned out to be decent. And the ending, oh dear what the hell.All in all, I will most likely return to this game at some point, although I think I completed everything worth doing in the game, only some relics from south island and few hunting and Wanted missions got left over. Maybe I try to complete the game as fast as possible just to see if the main plot would be more coherent instead of what it turned out to be in my first play.This opinion is based on single player experience only, didn't play multiplayer or co-op."
76561198072729346,Recommended,220240,8479654,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,fuck off,Отличная игра
,Recommended,220240,9023797,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ruthless Chaos,"I have completed this game on Xbox 360, and s'all I can say is, WOW.You are trapped on an island, which you went on with friends for a holiday, and ended up getting captured by pirates, with their main leader being, Vaas.You can fly, drive, kill, do quests and so on. Unfortunately, the game does go on for a long time.Also, YOU HAVE TO HAVE UPLAY TO INSTALL THE GAME. KEEP THE CODE YOU NEED IT.I recommend, the great game, Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,220240,9803635,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Ianuarius,"Far Cry 3 was an interesting experience. The core game mechanics were very fun and responsive but the problem of the game turned out to be the story. The game went the usual GTA sandbox route where you can just roam the game world doing various activities or engage in the story missions. Those story missions just weren’t very fun. The thing is that instead of building over the existing fun gameplay they seemed to constantly take away from it by constraining the ways the player could play the missions and filling them with quick time events. To top it all off the characters and script of the game were just ridiculously clichéd and uninspired outside of barely few fun exceptions. Even the missions themselves quickly boiled down to just following markers and watching cutscenes. The main character in particular was just not convincing at all and made me question if anyone in Ubisoft knew anything about human beings. As I said the core game mechanics were very good (if you don’t count the driving sections) and at best made me think of games like Fallout 3 and Just Cause 2. Lastly, I need to point out that people making Far Cry games seem to have an endless fascination with tropics and paradise islands. I happen to hate them. Here’s for hoping that the next Far Cry game will take place in some sort of Twin Peaks inspired setting."
,Recommended,220240,9779074,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,telopots,"it's great and cool and allit's like far cry 2 with green and junglesJETSKISthe shoots are cool and stealth okay it's good throwback but no m60i mean you get to leap on people froma  wingsuit and set fire to sharksthe story sucks as much as the main characters, vaas is cool but all rest bad except FLAMMENWERFEN guyalso you get to fov"
76561198011965365,Recommended,220240,14657629,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"Just like farcry 2 but better graphics, more guns and you can hunt animals. Does far cry 2 follow 3. No the concept sorta does but your a new person on a new island. The game can be beatin quick but the side missions can keep you busy for awhileConRuns on uplay"
76561198040429188,Recommended,220240,12249916,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,VeNom#1473,INCREDIBLE AWESOME OPEN WORLD GAME  I GIVE THIS ONE 9/10insanity
76561198094543615,Recommended,220240,33366022,Posted: 8 July,all,Craffie,I'm not really a FPS fan but this is a very good game in my opinion.I hope Far Cry 5 is not a disappointment because I'm surely going to get it!
,Recommended,220240,9254374,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Freelance Autist,This jeep don't yield for no stinkin' French Polynesians.
,Recommended,220240,34450532,Posted: 23 August,all,Pyroboy⁰⁰⁷,"FC3 is pretty awesome. And I mean really awesome.I played FC4 before I played this, and I wish I hadn't. It sort of set my expectations high for this game, but I can tell you that I wasn't let down in the slightest. The story for this game is riveting. An awesome adventure paced story in a desolate tropical setting. I really liked this game a lot, and I am still currently planning on finishing out all the side quests. I'll list off some of my pros and cons for those who don't like too many words.Pros- AMAZING story- Interesting setting- VERY memorable characters (Vaas you are the best villain I've ever gone up against)- Good guns to blow stuff up with- Interesting side quests- Pretty graphics that can be managed on a PC thats half potato- Two awesome endingsCons- Money can sometimes be tight when you hoot stuff up too much- Map is sorta bland in spots but not in all areas- I found myself stuck on many hills and lost at the base of cliffs (FC4 fixed this with the grappling hook)- Driving can be a pain sometimes- AI is not the best I've seenOverall, this is an awesome game. Don't let my pros and cons throw you off. The majority of this game is freaking awesome and totally worth playing. I will tell you to play this before FC4, as it is much better of  story. If I had to rate this game out of 10, I'd most likely give it a 9/10. Guns, adventure, pirates, drugs, and explosions. What more could you want in a game."
,Recommended,220240,241690,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,wedge,"Far Cry 3 é fácil de recomendar. A atenção aos detalhes e a direção de arte do jogo é sensacional. A história é meio adolescente, mas é uma aventura na ilha. Ela é dividida em 3 partes: descobrimento, exploração e ação. Vale a pena tirar férias de verão nessa ilha. E quando o jogo termina, fica aquela sensação de que essas férias acabaram, e que é hora de voltar pro mundo real."
76561198094775445,Recommended,220240,32943629,Posted: 28 June,all,Envy,"Nice game , u can explore anything. Reach up ur skill n beat the pirate. Good story..9/10"
,Recommended,220240,13804018,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Black Open Carry,"This time, world renouned jet ski enthusiast Gaston Broley may have gone too far! Fueled by alchoholic fervor and being able to do the robot, he has punched out some chinamen, gone skydiving, and gotten himself into trouble with some priates who killed his brother who would have been a better protagonist in every way. Can a drunk, worthless, ex roadgeneral's spoiled brat son/ex marine corps POG provide him the career guidance he needs to overcome evil? Will visiting the shaman chick ever help his quest in a meaningful way that doesn't involve boobies? Is there any problem that can't be solved by waving an LMG around until hundreds of people are dead? We shall see, shan't we gentlemen?Going to start with the positives, the game is fast paced and fun except when you are hunting animals for necessary supplies, which unfortunately is the whole first half of the game; the controls are responsive and make sense even if it keeps ommitting the lean buttons it arguably would be better for; the stealth and cover systems are good and don't use any consoley gimicks like sticky cover; the gunplay has depth in general as soon as you get used to the fact that the ballistics make no sense and AK47s somehow don't kill deer when you shoot them right through their vitals; the weapons are distinct and balanced and have cool upgrades but still only do damage if they aren't full auto; the game retains the original sequel's good storytelling via animation, patting fire out, biting bullets, most of the scripted combat, and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that are all very gritty and hillarious, and stuff like shooting or standing too close to a wall makes you pull your gun back realistically which doubles as a cover/stealth indicator; and the characters are well acted. The two guys who help you out and advance the plot, both white americans, although one of them is also at the same time a hillarious german steriotype that keeps helling BLITZKRIEEEEEG, are very likable and relatable in their psychopathic this is a fart cry game sort of way. Also jumping is satisfying for some reason.Hang glider is arcadey but satisfying and grounded in actual concepts like dumping altitude for airspeed, the wingsuiting and parachuting is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t by about 1000 feet of ground clearance and opening the parachute somehow makes you actually stop and go upwards for a moment. If you go over a little hill, you can glide down somehow like it's the ♥♥♥♥ing moon. Like every non urban open world game which also lacks random encounters, the driving around adds very little other than making you reload your save when you keep driving off a cliff trying to make the driving sections not seem so ♥♥♥♥ing long and dying.Jason can for some reason stab a billion guys super fast once you level him up a little because he is the great white tribal hunter, but in all the other ways you can think of he's just like the guys from fart cry 2. That is a big difference though, and it IS fun sometimes. The window to cutscene stab someone when they have not raised their weapon or you have just sprinted up to them is also pretty satisfying, and unlike human revolution, its not actually a cutscene stab, it's really fluid and barely breaks up the action at all.Sadly the finale is pretty lame, you basically just get really good at killing and shoot up an airfield and then do a stupid but not too challenging rail shooting mission, hardly the exposive and challenging finale of fart cry 2 that forced you to kill all your fellow ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ expatriots, and very very short indeed of actually good finales like those of Mafia, F.E.A.R., Max Payne, GTA IV, etc.Also unforunately when I say that the animation is good, I mean it is good except that stabbing animals is somewhere between the walking dead and fighting goo men with a lightsaber, and slashing people to death makes you wonder why broley hasn't broken his wrist flailing around and limp wristing like that, I sense a trend, it is people who don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about how things actually get stuck in things as long as you get a nice closeup, maybe that's also why fall damage breaks the hands instead of the legs so that you can akwardly set them while holding them up to the camera. It's like they took far cry 2's animations' bitter sense of realism, as well as it's dark absurdist sense of humor, and while retaining them added a bunch of random stuff they thought was cool like extreme sports, whining girlfriends, and obnoxious edginess and racist exoticism for no reason. With the slashing animations I mean, I think the fall damage was also that dumb in fart cry 2. And also they actually did all those things to the story too.Not all the characters were good, Citrus and Dennys seem like they were not given their fair share of the cameratime as originally intended by the writers, this is because they advance the plot in no way for two reasons. The villagers are ♥♥♥♥ing useless and don't help because otherwise they would have had to make AI that's good, and the named characters are useless because fart cry now serves two very different masters, as in fart cry 2 they need to make all the assistance you get have a blackly humorous price tag or come for a blackly humorous ironic reason, but on the other hand, I think it would seem racist or break their stupid exoticist mystique, not sure which, if the entirely colored cast of named tribesmen (all two of them) were actually humorous or interesting. Still, if they, and bandito king, honestly, he also came off as half baked, had been given more chracterization than maybe they would be likable and the protagonist's personal struggles might actually make sense. Hell, even coke dealer just seemed like a 3 edgy 5 me crazy person added only to advance the plot, with a paperthin connection to the initial premise, whose worldview we don't really trust at all.Buck, I think he got enough characterization, he just, he just likes♥♥♥♥♥♥Also why do you kill bandito king and buck with the china blade but you kill coke dealer with his own knife, I had been led to believe that using the china blade was like the whole point of those psychadelic knife fight scenes.I'll go ahead and spoil the ending because nobody likes the main character anyways, all the white people are really nice to him but the exotic islander chick and the drunk black dude declare that he needs to kill them because they are racist or something and nobody ever chooses that because it's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and makes no sense, so the black dude drunkenly tries to kill you, accidentally killing her and surprising nobody, why didn't he ♥♥♥♥ing die though? What a useless sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥I give it a meh +, the plus is because the guy on the cover has good trigger discipline. It's depressing that this passes for good these days, but at least I can play something to fulfil my need to shoot people dead.Also, if Crysis broke all of Fart Cry 2's teeth out as the better sequel, than this game knocks Crysis 2's internal organs out by lightly flicking it in the toe as the better threequel. For a game that is literally just mixing Fart Cry 2 and♥♥♥♥♥Creed and coming out worse than both, it is actually really fun and complete.Is it better than alpha protocol? Worse story, worse tech tree, better gameplay. Similar mediocrity that gets saved by lovable sociopaths. And I don't mean bandito king, bandito king is boring not lovable. Before playing either game play all three Stalker games, Crysis, and Fart Cry 2, those are all better.I also can't reccomend the game if you hate white people or white people being the hero of a game about pacific islanders, unless you like white people killing their loved ones in order to join a racist steriotype islander tribe of course. Unless you have that particular fetish you won't be choosing that option at the end."
,Recommended,220240,9996537,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Meat_Mech,Amazing game!!! Such beautiful enviroments.. Don't see any flaw in this game excpet that I finished it and now I want more. 10/10 for sure.
,Recommended,220240,8279067,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ViciousRush gocase.pro,Coolest Game ever !!
,Recommended,220240,9373405,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Nutteus csgolive.com,Its an awesome open-world game and it had a nice story- i really liked it so i recommend :)!
76561197961856455,Recommended,220240,11899362,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,They call me Mr. Teatime,"Good, but somewhat overratedAfter all the praise I’ve heard and read about Far Cry 3 I approached the game with some high expectations.I had played – and enjoyed - the original Far Cry. About the second Far Cry I read a lot of rather lukewarm comments and only purchased it on a Steam Sale  a year  or two later. As expected it was a mixed bag of an interesting open world gameplay (with an entirely different feel than FC1), but somewhat underdeveloped and riddled with annoying elements and a completely uninteresting storyline. Still I have to admit that somehow the game managed to keep my attention and I played it through to the end.When I read about FC3 it seemed like once again a different kind of game than FC1 or 2. But once I started playing I found that FC3 is very much a continuation of FC2, but thankfully much better developed and with a lot of smart improvements.The storyline is more interesting, the world is richer and more diverse and there’s a nice mix of gameplay elements to offer diversified gameplay experience. For the most part you can set your own pace, alternating between storyline missions and the various side missions to stretch gameplay and broaden up the experience.  Some elements, like the radio towers, were obviously adopted from Assassins Creed, but it’s a nice change of pace. The basic concept works quite well and gameplay all in all is enjoyable.But while I thoroughly enjoyed the game some flaws and strange design choices kept FC3 from being a great game. Let’s ignore some of the weak spots in the storyline (and  skip over the pretentiousness of the “Alice in Wonderland”-quotes suggesting a depth the storyline simply didn’t have, and ignore the unsatisfying conclusion) and just look at the gameplay:Crafting was basically an interesting idea, but I found it not all that useful and basically pointless in the second half of the game (Perhaps more useful on more difficult settings, but I played medium and don’t think I collected a single plant on the southern island). Money also is an important point in the beginning, but loses importance in the second half (most of the time I had more stuff to sell than my wallet could handle). I have the strong suspicion that shops originally should be spread scarcely across the map (as it was in FC2), but the integration of autoshops in most spawnpoints made shops pointless and gave gameplay a strange rhythm. That goes along with the quicktravel option, something I liked on one hand (especially later, when I hunted for relics), but it robbed the game some of its immediacy, since you could hop around the map (at least between unlocked points) and resupply as much as your wallet allowed. That’s the other extreme to FC2’s four travelpoints, which forced the player to travel long distances to missions. I would have wished for something in between: Less travel points, less (or even no) autoshops, no free weapons after radio tower missions.And to be honest I found many gameplay elements repetitive after a while. Freeing enemies camp was fun most of the time, but many of the additional missions overstayed their welcome during the second half. IMHO it would have been smarter to introduce entirely new gameplay elements on the south island (if done smartly motivated by the different environment and enemy group). As it was the second half felt like “more of the same” and I found myself rushing through the missions.Another missed opportunity was to integrate real sidequests. While inhabitants all over the map offer the player little sidequests, those have to be worked through immediately. How much more interesting it would have been to have quests, which can be accepted but finished either later, or might even have to be dealt with on a different spot on the map.All in all FC3 was a definite improvement over its predecessor, but I can’t help but feel that some compromises and design flaws kept it from being even better. We will see if FC4 will correct some of those mistakes, but frankly as much as I enjoyed FC3 I’m not compelled to purchase FC4 immediately."
76561198063185071,Not Recommended,220240,16424301,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Pheester,"At first i felt like this game was trying to hard to make this game Open World. Dont get me wrong i loved this game, but i bought it for open world and side quests. Far Cry 3 had ""side quests"" but these quests would mess up the story line and often mess up the main story line. The open world aspect to it wasnt open world at all really just a large world filled with nothing in particular. In my opinion i would recommend it to people who like a game that sticks to the storyline and just that. I would not recommend this to people who like games like ""skyrim"" or ""fallout"". I do know its bad to compare these games to this, but if thats what your looking for, dont get this game."
,Recommended,220240,7784289,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Emperor Rosko,"Far Cry 3 was one of my favorite games of 2013.As with the previous Far Cry games, we have always expected them to be a PC gaming benchmark graphically and this game is no exception. The graphics are excellent, and can bring high end gaming machines to their knees! However, even with a mid range graphics card you could easily manage some playable settings and enjoy the game to the end.The characters are quite easily the best part of this game. Vaas is possibly the greatest villain ever portrayed in a game, largly down to immaculate voice acting & believable animations. Even the side characters you meet on the way are believable and help immerse you in the story.Controls are easy to get to grips with whether you use keyboard or control pad. I played through with an Xbox 360 controller and it was an enjoyable experience start to finish. The feeling of the guns is realistic and they feel different whether using a pistol of LMG, the weight and control is spot on.Overall the game is immaculate and shouldnt be missed. It's a shame the PC multiplayer seemed quiet because I thought it was brilliant, some nice game modes, excellent maps, and the graphics are still on point. Better than the typical CoD games. Did not get a chance to try Co-op but from what i've seen it seems fun.I would give the game 9/10 for single player alone, could have been 10/10 if the multiplayer had been able to extend my time with this game!"
,Recommended,220240,10537402,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DarthKman112,Punched a shark in the face. 10/10
,Recommended,220240,10685249,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,№rti,"Let me start by saying I'm not usually someone who enjoys FPS games but I think to call FC3 simply an FPS would be wrong. Although the storyline and setting is pretty typical of FPS games (bad guys/terrorists vs you/the little guy) the gameplay its self isn't typical. Infact, the game rewards you for trying outlandish, improvised or tactical approaches to seemingly ordinary objectives.You'd think all this freedom means it's just another one of those titles that you derp about blowing yourself and everything else up till you get bored and leave the game to rot in your library, but the storyline and characters within FC3 do enough to make you want to actually finish or at least progress through the game. The map itself, teamed with the crafting mechanics and ecosystem, is great fun to explore. The little relics and hidden locations mean getting sidetracked can be worthwhile. I personally also really enjoy the patrols of bad guys and having to hide or engage, which is just another way the game has of reminding you not to relax for too long.There are a few things that annoy me however. Firstly, you need a Uplay account to run this. I bought through Steam because of the convienience and achievements and all that cool stuff, but Uplay wipes that out. There are a few UI/Navigational annoyances in this game too, menus mainly. Some of the flavour texts I feel are a little overdone, or repeated too often to be funny. These are however more preferential things than a straight up issue.In short, even if you don't play FPS games, you'll still probably enjoy this enough to warrant picking it up through a sale. Good fun."
76561198038056912,Recommended,220240,11975031,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Bob,"Awesome game, love it"
,Not Recommended,220240,15119456,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,LANKY© - www.oliversmith.rocks,"This is a very difficult game to review, I'd like to note before we begin that this is my opinion with my OWN experiences... you may think the problems I found with it to be nothing or you may just not like me bashing your wonderful game but I'm speaking or in this case typing from the heart, any stupid comments will be ignored including those that wish totell me how gay I am or how much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥my mom is.Now onto the review shall we?This is a very fun game... I stayed up 2 and a half days straight to complete it but there is really nothing to do but the story and that lacks so much...This is not a game like GTA, it offers a wide variety of extra tasks to do but there is no need to do them other than to feel the grind, one extra is the ability to hunt to craft upgrades and the ability to find flowers to create medicine or buffs but I completed the game without upgrading any of my gear and I never had to create buffs... the only thing worth while creating was medkits and once you unlock the ability to heal yourself without medkits(much slower) you will not find the need for them... I also never really ran out of ammo and if I did I just picked up another gun off an enemy.. easy!That is another thing I find lacking.. there is so many weapons but for the entire game I stuck with the AK47 from one of the first people I killed at the start... I don't even know what other weapons there was.. was no need..The Graphics are nice but of course a little dated now and with my settup appeared very cartoony.. the people that is had thick black borders around them.. the world however was beautiful!Now the story.. jeeze.. it was amazing BUT.. I found a lot of flaws with it.. to start with the story restarts 3 times.. 3 times you complete it and it takes everything away from you and sends you back to the start only this time something is a little different... I also hated the weird magical mystical scenes.. granted when I'd smoked some weed or had hallucigenic powder blown in my face? great! but then you reach say a boss battle and your transported to some made up magical place where the fight consists of button bashing (really.. you have to mash keys when it tells you to win) at first I did not even know I had killed the first boss.. I thought I was somehow on drugs in fact I still believe I was on drugs.. I swear I killed him while on drugs and he never actually died but after i came around apparently I killed him so you know? ok?Towards the end I felt this was a pebble compared to Farcry on my old Xbox (the original) and I felt that though the story was good it was very very short akin to DLC (as i said they restarted it 3 times to make it appear longer) I like te premise for the story I just don't like how it was executed..Now I had great fun with this game but I don't know I'm sort of half for recommending it and half for not... right now it feels a cross between original farcry but done as a point and click adventure game..I've decided after a small break to decide that I'm NOT going to OFFICIALLY recommend this game however I'd like you to be well aware that this is a magnificent game even though there was to many flaws for me to recommend it.. you should buy it if it's affordable to you.. (IE you're mega friggen rich or it's on sale)I recommend this game but I don't, 5/10 (meet you half way)BONUS PET PEEVE: There are enemies on it that wear about 40 body packs and can take about 6 rounds of my assault rifle to put down, I thought they were going realistic here? get them to carry a riot shield next time and leave fantasy alone.. it's clear you guys cannot grasp reality/make pretend anyway! (you're suppose to aim for the head, aim for the head and you'll do great!)"
,Recommended,220240,9307728,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Diddly Gorilla,This game blew my mind......10/10 You seriously dont want to miss out on this one
,Recommended,220240,7821710,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,RagingRoosevelt,"When this game first came out, someone said that it is like Skyrim with guns.  I think that's generally a fair assessment.It was a bit frustrating that some of the missions required stealth since I don't think this game was trying to be a stealth game.  I really liked being able to boat around and I was terrified of swimming in the open oceans due to the sharks (it felt rather real).  The upgrade system was a bit foreign to me since I hadn't seen perks implemented as they were in this game, but it didn't take long to figure it out.  The injections system by which you crafted stuff like health vials and a few other buffs was a bit awkward and I don't think it added much to the game (although it was a necessary thing to do in order to play successfully).I had fun playing it.  I don't expect to play it again, though.   I'm a bit excited to give the previous FC games a try, though, once I work through my backlog a bit."
,Recommended,220240,11868295,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Irish,Best pre-med simulator 2014.10/10 would bandage again.
,Recommended,220240,13568248,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,"D+F2, fF2, 3, 1, 2, 3, fF1+4, F3","Welcome to beautiful, massive and entertaining open world of Far Cry 3.Storyline is awesome and deep, will take you a long time to finish if you are very bad at stealth gameplay.A lot of additional Mini Games such as: hunting challenges, poker, land and sea races, deadly warrior and much more.Big weapon arsenal: from a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1911 to AMR anti vehicle sniper rifle. A big choise of skins and attachments for your weaponry. Tons of collectables which unlock more missions and equipment. Multiplayer servers are still active and still has players, a lot of bonus weapons like type 10 ( a mini shotgun) and Tanto blade. CO OP is really fun with or without friends. Has its own storyline. (notice that leveling up in CO OP levels you up in Multiplayer too). The game is really brutal- contains partial nudity and gore (SPOILER ALERT! : THEY CHOP YOUR GODDAMN FINGER OFF!)Do not recommend buying this game to  less than 14 year old teenagers.In conclusion: one of the best games i have ever played 9.9999/10!Really reccomend it!"
76561198004393248,Recommended,220240,13615548,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Honk on Bobo,I really liked the large array of weapons available in this game. It also das a good story line. Many games and trials within the game  too!  I would recommend this to friends and i will buy FC4.
,Recommended,220240,5663458,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,pCburstY,Dieses Spiel ist SO unglaublich GEIL !!!!! :D
,Recommended,220240,15789245,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,❌⭕️❌⭕,Игра супер ! Но если проходить только сюжетную линию - это на часов 17-19 . Игра порадовала ) Хотя вышла 3 года назад. Советую покупайте)
,Recommended,220240,3560688,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,CptFoxRus,"А ты знаеш что такое безумие,это БЕЗУМИЕ!"
,Recommended,220240,11647624,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Matt,♥♥♥♥♥burns like a motha10/10 Shoulda used a rubba
76561198073017938,Recommended,220240,31785537,Posted: 16 May,all,Jakikok,"My god...Clearly one of the best games i have ever played,most hated/loved villain i have ever seen!Within a stunning open world tropical island,you search for your friends as you must face threats like: Vaase's piratesthe military or nature itself as there are over 20 diffrent spiecies of animals to hunt,skin,and convert them into essensialweapon equipment!The story is well written and sometimes messes with your head.The missions are intresting including the legendery ''burn the weed'' mission that has become one of my favourites.The weapons are all constumizable with sights,grips,mag extensions ect.The game also has a pretty good stealth system by my experiance,you can do most of the missions either compltely stealthy or guns blazing.And now,one of the reasons of why this game is one of my favourites.....one of the villains,VAAS! Yes vaas is defenetly one of the reasons of whitch this game is a must buy! With his viral quote ''have i ever told you about the deffinition of insanity?'' for me Vaas is one of the best villains ever encountered! Its a love/hate relationship with this guy but in the end you cant really hate him,he is wayyy too good to be hated!Overall,Far Cry 3 is an amazing game that i recomend to really anyone!"
,Recommended,220240,24260662,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dark Knight,"Best game i've ever played its been 28 hours in the game and am still as excited as am just beginning to play . A gorgeous open world so much to explore, kill and craft :) just remember never ever hurry to complete task enjoy it understand it then the game will pull you into its wilderness and mold you and then the fun begins you will go wild for sure ......just an advice keep on increasing your abilities and jason goes boom MFIf you are here reading reviews dont waste your time and buy it even if it's not on sale i bet you'll love it"
,Recommended,220240,8226773,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Someone,"i bouht this in the sale and after an 1 hour decided i would have bought it at full priceIt has a decant story, amazing graphics, and beautiful gameplay.Completely would recommend"
,Recommended,220240,8442089,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Krychaz,"Far Cry 3 is one of the most fun games I've played recently. Huge open world combined with very interesting characters, great story with lots of unexpected twists and great gameplay mechanics is working really well for this game. For me its one of better games I've played8/10"
,Recommended,220240,8531956,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,failSin,Amazing game loads of fun
,Recommended,220240,9092365,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Cody,"SO ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME, I took a MP5 and I trickshotted a deer and then took it's stomach meat and made it into a pouch for my backpack. It's kinda nuts because you can heal body-bullet wounds by wrapping a piece of cloth around your left arm, which is super realisic. Also, theres this crazy pirate guy, but he doesn't have an eyepatch like a REAL pirate. He doesn't even plunder any booty. If you're looking for a hyper realistic CoD game, halocry 4 is the way to go"
,Recommended,220240,10894687,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,rubbor duccy,10/10got spotted by a tiger in a cage at a base.wouldn't get spotted again
,Recommended,220240,12262399,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Cool Black Space Man,"With its amazing graphics, even now in 2014 going into 2015, brilliant storyline, the only downside to this game is that you don't really have much diversity in side quests. Theres hunting, knife throwing, liberating places, and radio towers. But even doing that over and over with the amazing graphics and brillliant physics makes this game replayable. I've played it 100%  on my ps3 twice, and doing it again with my PC. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,23971277,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dogelele,"Good game :) (I don't why people hate uPlay so much, it has never affected me) Enjoy the great game!"
,Recommended,220240,23346965,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Max Pain,"Despite it has that uplay crap, it's still worth buying, it's extremely fun. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,220240,12151747,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Steph,22:57 - PIG: when someone takes u captive22:57 - PIG: and they manipulate u in a way if u have bene with them for a long itme22:57 - PIG: like lets say u get capture by mulsims terrorist and they feed u and stuff eventually22:57 - PIG: u will start feeling a bound with this captour22:57 - PIG: like ur his friends etc22:57 - PIG: its called the stockholm syndrome
,Recommended,220240,19553360,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,johnny blobal,Beautiful game with big big open world. I really enjoyed playing it. Looking forward to play coop mode.
,Recommended,220240,10350363,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Hell,Made me a stoner10/10
76561197983940260,Not Recommended,220240,8370108,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Slutbanger,scheiss ubisoft zusatzanmeldung notwendig
,Recommended,220240,8179254,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Captain,"You play Jason Brody, some rich kid from California, who goes on a trip with some friends and ends up as a hostage of the local pirates. After he barely manages to escape he is recruited by Tribals who call themselves the Rakyat, and goes on a long and erotic journey to self-discovery.While the initial Idea is pretty good, it is not executed very well. Jason never killed anybody nor skinned an animal, but after the cut scenes end and you can finally go out and explore, you can happily murder half of the Island´s population without hearing a whimper ever again. Well, except when skinning animals; Jason never gets used to that, even though you have to kill the whole fauna twice over to craft a wallet and a rucksack. This is something Tomb Raider pulled off better.Another problem is that the faction you are working for (and you have no choice here) is not really likeable. Even though YOU are supposed to help THEM, you rarely see them fighting the pirates. There are several occasions where, after ""liberating"" one of the pirate outposts, I´d hear some Rakyat proudly proclaiming: ""WHO`S THE MAN?! ME!"" Yeah buddy, you sure are. This goes on and on, and after a while you ask yourself why you would even help them in the first place; your goal is to rescue your friends. But because some black guy who fished you out of the river, put some tattoos on your arm and sent you to the local drug king told you to, you´ll happily oblige. BECAUSE YOU ARE A WARRIOR, JASON. AND YOU NEED DA TATAU TO BECOME STRONGER. This part of the story is just unnecessary.The game also has an obsession with drugs; on several occasions Jason ends up getting drugged, whether willingly, by accident, or per force. These dream-like sequences may be fancy for the first time, but are outright annoying the second time around. This is the part where you can guess what Ubisoft´s Target Demographic must have been.The Far Cry series has always been known for graphical fidelity; this one is a slight exception in my opinion. While the game DOES look good overall, there are some things that are worse than in the previous games, if not♥♥♥♥♥♥in general. I can´t understand how a game that runs essentially on the same engine as the previous game looks worse, even though they even upgraded it to the second version. When you compare the two games side by side, several things just stand out negatively: the LOD and view distance are handled way better in Far Cry 2. I have never experienced such severe pop ins like I did in Far Cry 3, especially since it uses a rather obvious effect to do so. Secondly, Far Cry 3 uses way too much SSAO, to the point where objects have black halos surrounding them. Unfortunately you can´t disable this effect in game without switching to DX9; you have to edit the config file if you want to get rid of it. Another thing I really can´t understand is a weird graphical glitch that happens when you are inside caves. Sometimes the walls appear all shiny, like somebody spent two weeks smearing oil on random cave walls.The sound is generally pretty good, the weapons all sound quite alright. Only problem here is that all suppressed weapons use the same sound, no matter if you are using an assault rifle or a shotgun. This can be kind of annoying when you tend to use more than one suppressed weapon. But this is nothing compared to the sound quality of EVERYBODY except the main characters. Every single civilian, pirate and rebel sounds like his voice was recorded with a microphone wrapped in a plastic bag; the sound quality is just awful at times. Couple this with repetitive voice lines á la ""FOCK. DIS. HEAT"" or ""BURNS LIKE A MOTHER WHEN I♥♥♥♥♥♥ SHOULDA USED A RUBBER."" and the problem will become really obvious.The gameplay itself is what really saves this title. The gameplay is mostly fluid, rewarding and well, fun, that you can forget most of these annoyances when you get the chance to play undisturbed for more than half an hour. It is way more fun to ambush pirates with mines, surprise them with C4 or just stab everybody with your knife than playing the main missions, which sometimes severely limit how you can approach the situation. Maybe this is why I liked the southern Island more; the whole tribal hero ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is cast aside, and there is only the mission and how you want to approach it, just like the previous games. Unfortunately the game is almost over when you reach the second island, leaving you with such a low amount of missions that I wonder why they even bothered making another island.The weapons are fairly standard, ranging from pistols to rocket launchers. But for some reason some weapons have their attachments disabled, something which really sucks in the beginning. This is strange because all weapons HAVE attachments, which you can use in coop and multiplayer. A simple mod can unlock all attachments for the weapons, which makes me wonder why they chose to disable them in the first place.There is also a problem with the game´s difficulty. First of all, the AI is not that great. Even though your enemies can take cover and try to flank you sometimes, they just charge towards you most of the time. Couple this with aimbot like accuracy on the higher difficulties and bugged fire that you can´t put out because the QTE prompt does not show up and you know what to expect. Because of that, a stealthy approach is easier most of the time. If you do get spotted, you can abuse the takedown system by shooting even the armored guys until they stagger, walk around them and stab them in the back to kill them instantly. Things like that make some encounters ridiculously easy.After all I have criticized, you´d think that I don´t like this game. But here comes the funny part: I can´t deny that Far Cry 3 is a fun game. It has some major flaws and annoyances, but at least this time the gameplay is decent. Stabbing people, blowing up convoys and hunting the local fauna just has a certain charm. While it is not a bad game per se, it is not a good Far Cry. Despite this, pick it up when it is on sale, it will keep you occupied for a while."
76561197997836541,Recommended,220240,12794445,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,DoMiNo ✄,One of the best FPS game ever made to me !! Very exciting and enjoyable !
,Not Recommended,220240,16608154,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,sShadowWarriorZz,"As soon as you get the game and run, it downloads and installs this software called Uplay which i had no idea it did, so now some Uplay window pops-up and says i have to sign up! To play a ♥♥♥♥ing game! Which i bought on Steam! After the ♥♥♥♥ing annoying sign up. Not to mention how ♥♥♥♥ing annoying it is. Why can't i have all my games all in my steam?! Makes no sence. Is it that hard to make the game just run through steam instead of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Uplay?! This game is awesome in every way! My review would have been possitive. Maybe when they figure out that people HATE Uplay and they ♥♥♥♥ing remove it from launching a game you bought FROM steam i will change my reivew massivley until then... ♥♥♥♥ you Uplay and ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft..."
,Recommended,220240,7375424,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,HOTSHOT,"So I recently bought Resident Evil 6 and since the download is so slow I could send my dog run to China, swin across the Pacific ocean and come back, and my download would still be at 50%!While it's making the download, I figured why not review Far Cry 3, Ubisoft's 2012 best game and one of my personal Games of the Year of 2012 (like I said before I have 4 ""winners"").Graphically, the game is stunning, everything is high-res, attention to detail is ludicrously high! The color pallet is incredibly varied! I can actually see greens (true greens, not f*cking brown-grey-ish greens, Skyrim!!!!), the water is actually blue! I was shellshocked the first time I saw it, it's truly amazing and a sight to be seen ASAP!Story wise is where I can safely say the game shines (since every single side quest is as repetitive as a CoD game. Side quests are basically: kill this super holy♥♥♥♥♥♥huge beast animal! OR it's: This pirate is really badass and only you can save us! Kill him! But with a knife because it's our ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will-get-you-killed-some-day tradition!),  one of the antagonists (of course, Mr. Insanity himself: Vaas!) is the best villain of all time! Movie-wise, book-wise, game-wise, whatever-wise. Vaas is the perfect Villain I've been expecting to see somewhere for years!! The story tells the personal story of Jason Brody, who is trapped along with his girlfriend, brother and friends in a circle of human traffic, lead by Vaas and other amazingly written villains (not as good as Vaas, but they are still some of the best I've ever seen anywhere!). The story is really good, character development EXISTS! It's amazing! One of the best storylines of all time! Although it's annoying the cliché at the start where Jason is a lonely boy who doesn't know how to do anything and 5 seconds later he's Jason Brody, the son of Rambo + Chuck Norris in the womb of John Connor! It's not very believable, but with that aside, the story is stellar and it's the steal of the show along with the graphics!Gameplay is pretty standard, you have guns n' sh*t and you have to kill some animals to create bigger bags to create bigger ammo pouches, bigger rucksacks (for loot), bigger wallets (it's pretty obvious...) and carry more guns (up to 4 guns, yes you can carry 4 LMG's if you want to do so). The is an RPG like system where you gain XP for stuff that you do and get skill point with then you spend in 3 different skill trees, which allows you to have more health, takedown heavier enemies (this game has stealth and actually does it WELL! F*ck me finally!), among other amazing traits!Gunplay is pretty good, guns have a very nice handling and feel. Most of them sound very powerful. However in the demo shown at E3 2011 (I think it was E3 2011, not sure) the guns, like the AK (the one shown) looked and seemed to feel much better in that demo than in the actual game, but those are small complaints since the AK still feels amazing in this version.SOund design is amazing as well, you can hear jungle noises, tigers roaring, gun fire at the distance. The Island is alive and it's great! It really really is! I love the game and everything about it! The game also has a FULL Co-Op campaign up to 4 players and a FULL Multiplayer component (with perks, attachment for guns, clan support, so much, just so much to cover in this game, you can easily put over 40 hours out of it!)Get it at any price, even 49,99€ it would still be worth it! On Steam is now 29,99€ buy it now or wait for a sale, you won't regret it (unless you're not a tropical island/FPS fan, but who isn't? Nobody, that's who!) :D"
76561198198441473,Recommended,220240,22966492,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,The Pounder,one of the best game's i ever played well one of the best farcry's to so fun it is worth the 20$ buy it
76561198214207512,Not Recommended,220240,30991069,Posted: 6 April,all,whopperjr916,"Unfortunately for me, I started playing the Far Cry series at 4. That pretty much ruined this game for me. This particular build is a bit buggy too. The DRM is ridiculous and interferes with the smooth function of the game. I don't think I will be buying any more Ubisoft games on steam. It has potential and the story is cool. I just dont feel like being bothered to put up with the rest of the crap in order to experience it. Shame..."
,Not Recommended,220240,9249650,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Stork,I do not like uplay >_< and I did not like being forced to make a uplay account to play the game!
,Recommended,220240,24977603,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MuLk(Salope),1 of the best games i've ever played. The story is honestly the best ive seen since half life 2 or even the first bioshock. gameplay is fun and unlocking and buying guns is fun and not to hard. overall i'd give it 8.5/10
76561198235593696,Not Recommended,220240,22046575,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Anal_Pounder1,After about 10 minutes into the game it crashes can anyone help me.
76561198079715203,Recommended,220240,9137489,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,BadMoonRising,"I just can't put this game down. It is just too immensely rich and fun to play. There is always a cave you haven't explored, a secret you didn't find, a nice place you didn't see, a way of fighting you didn't try before... Rook Island always makes you come back for more.Gameplay--- I have to place this statement in a proper context though. My first playthrough on the vanilla version of the game only lasted about 25 hours, full of high-tempo combat, mad driving, killing pirates by the dozens, completing missions in a hush-hush way. This is because the original game can feel a little FPS-mainstream (damn you, COD, for what you have done to the genre). The emphasis is a little too much on the action, and less on the open world and side missions, as is the case with Far Cry 2. However, where game-dev's fail in order to satisfy the producers and the company, the game community comes to the rescue. With proper modding (Ziggys Mod!), this game becomes what it had to be all along. The pace is slowed down, the difficulty has gone way up, making run-and-gun console-type approaches impossible. Instead, you have to resort to guerilla-warfare and the use of stealth and your natural surroundings. The over-guidance of the vanilla game is gone; you have to rely on your own noodle now. Sometimes you'll be the hunter, sometimes you'll be the prey, and that is what makes this game an exciting experience. Also, you will notice that this game is much richer in content than you noticed at first, since you spend too much time running and gunning in the vanilla version. Now, you can just ignore the missions and go hiking the amazingly beautiful island on your own.Storyline--- Although I get the feeling that it is a little too cliché-ridden, the storyline is quite decent. No big plot twists or big schemes, but enough to keep the game going, and to give you a sense of urgency. Also, it does a good job in letting you question your morality and sanity by the end of the game, a nice break from the justified-violence themes in other games in the FPS-genre (yep, looking at you, COD). The most credit has to go to the voice-actors, who did an incredible job in giving the characters some depth (Vaas already is a classic).Technical aspects--- The graphics of this game are just insane (keep your finger on the print-screen button!). Then again, so are the system specs, even for current standards. Bear this in mind when you buy this game!Multiplayer and coop--- Not really worth the trouble. The multiplayer is COD-clone without depth (sorry for the fanboys that I keep mentioning this franchise in a negative way). The coop, however, is quite fun and easily accesible, since it uses a sort of 4-player drop-in format like L4D. But honestly, who cares? This is the best single-player experience I had!Conclusion--- Buy it, mod it, fall in love with it. Once you set a foot on Rook Island, you'll never want to leave."
,Recommended,220240,10481666,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"When this game first came out there were very few games that could match the graphical quality and depth this game gave within it's open world level set on a tropical island and to give the game some credit there are still very few games out there that match these two aspects of it. I thought the story was excellent, characters were great, gameplay was excellent although at times you do find yourself doing the same old things after a while and overall you can have a lot of fun. It's a classic FPS game already. Parts of it kind of remind you of Just Cause 2"
,Recommended,220240,20836361,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,"Mardo, the Unicorn Hunter","Public Review on behalf of the Opium Pulses Steam groupFew words about the gamePlaying this game was a really good, even suprising experience, something new and different from most of games i play. I don't always finish this kind of games, as it's often gets farmy or too boring but this game simply made me stay around for moreAdvantages- Amazing looks and variety of surroundings- Movement system is realistic what in my opinion makes it really, really good- Diversity of armament, there is more than enough to match your equipment to your personal style of gameplay- Entertaining storyline that makes you want to play more and more- Authenticity of characters, especially Vaas, i loved his personalityDisadvantages- Taking over camps is required to progress the story and it's a bit monotonous- Modding of games is simplified to choosing few colors and sights, nothing really useful- Uplay.If you find my review helpful or funny be sure to followOpium Pulsescurator page rightherefor more reviewed games!"
,Recommended,220240,31717095,Posted: 12 May,all,Valhalla,"I didnt get very far in my 21 or so hours but I found the gameplay fun and fast paced, I do like how the crocs can hide in 1/2 and inch of water"
76561198131574190,Recommended,220240,27207114,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Google Assistant,"This game is AWESOME!It has a good and long enough story, a nice open world and makes a lot of fun.Right now im playing this for the third time."
76561198092432778,Recommended,220240,12644489,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,JimJam43,"This game is amazing with a great story, amazing visuals and really good shooting mechanics.Gameplay-The shooting mechanics in this game are brilliant. The guns feel very nice to use and there are a lot of different types to use. Enemies can shoot through thin walls which is both realistic and amazing, and cover is done really well too. If you hide behind something you can aim down the sights and you will lean out or fire over the top.Scattered across the map are radio towers and enemy strongholds. Radio towers are useld like veiwpoints in Assassins Creed, where you have to go to the top and trigger an animation to be able to veiw that area on the map. Another bonus to these is that you get some really nice veiws from the top. Unlocking radio towers unlocks free weapons in stores, so you never have to pay a large amount for a gun. Enemy Strongholds can be taken out by lots of different ways, stealthily stabbing everyone, sniping all the pirates or just running in all guns blazing (which is likely to get you killed).There are several different vehicles in the game to get you from A to B. They are really fun and feel nice to drive with a keyboard and the handling is very arcade-y. There are also 3 types of boat and handgliders scattered across the map for fun transport. Enemies and friendlies will patrol in these as well and some really fun situations can emerge where you find an enemy roadblock and try to run from it, only to be pursued by two cars filled with pirates.The first part of the game is very survivaly as you are unequipped and have low health. Hunting and crafting are used to improve your equipment and skills are used to improve yourself, such as adding more health, not running out of stamina and being able to hold your breath under water for a lot longer.I would reccomend playing on hard or very hard difficulty otherwise the game just becomes too easy within about an hour.The Map-The first half of the story takes place on an absolutely stunning jungle island. It is absolutely huge and is covered with stuff to find. Temples, outposts and caves dill the map with stuff to do. The second half of the game is located on an island about a kilometre south that is made up of mountains and to me, wasn't as impressive. It was still very good but there just wasn't as much stuff on it to do but the outposts and enemies there are a lot more challenging, so that's fun.Story/Missions-The story missions ranged form burning fields of weed with a flamethrower to shooting pirates to exploring ancient tombs in search of a treasure. The characters are really well written and the voice acting is brilliant. After completing the game there are still many side missions to do aswell as hunting activities and bounty quests. However, one of the biggest problems with the game becomes apparent during the missions, the checkpointing. Sometimes it is fine but other times you will die and be reset to 5 minutes earlier, that becomes annoying.AI-The AI is very good, especially on the higher difficulties. They react to sounds and their dead bodies and don't just look for you for ten seconds and then stop, they will keep on searching. Also, they don't just follow paths, their movement seems very dynamic and don't patrol a small area on a repeated loop.Graphics and Sound-On a GTX 760, intel i5 4690 3.5GHz and 8GB RAM, I get about 60FPS in 1080p and everything at ultra, apart from a few things which are at high. The game is beautiful and colourful and the FOV goes all the way up to 110, which is better than most games (ahem Skyrim).The sound is brilliant aswell and the way enemies react to sounds feels real. If htey hear a gunshot they will search in the direction it came from to find it. All weapons have a unique sound that is very luad, like a gun should be, unlike other games where an assualt rifle sounds like a cough.Overall-The game is amazing and really fun. The checkpointing is the only real issue I have with it but otherwise it is brilliant."
76561198079937712,Recommended,220240,12870438,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,DarkMatter,"""RUN YOU CHICKEN ♥♥♥♥ RUN"" Oh man this game in one word... Intense!"
76561198103629815,Recommended,220240,13556217,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Teck,Skrillex playing in backround while burning weed.  I r8 8/8.
76561197964415260,Recommended,220240,7974325,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Wizard,"Huge game and a really nice story, animals are awesome, looks very real, tons of driveable vehicles, both land and water !I'll give this one 10/10 !/cheers"
,Recommended,220240,7471694,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,DJ Elliott Rodger,"Did I ever tell you…the definition…of insanity?Far Cry 3 is one of those games that defines part of who you are as a gamer. No matter how many games you’ve played, this game will feel like something you’ve never experienced before. It will immerse you, drag you into situations you know you could’ve avoided, you’ll get killed by tigers, or by pirates, or fall off a cliff, but you’ll still love it. Why? Well, I honestly can’t tell you that. It’s something you have to figure out by yourself. 10/10"
,Recommended,220240,9147227,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,jacksonminecraft2006,i wish i had breasts
76561198006804460,Not Recommended,220240,15670204,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Dr Skeletor,"Pretty decent story, no where is safe on the islands if you got tigers after you! Not as hard as Far Cry 2 IMO...Side quests get boring really quickly (like in previous Far Cry games), deliver A to B, kill  this thing here, take over enemy base etc and nothing new. They refuse to evolve from Far Cry 1 and 2 and  just stuck the same content, just a different layout scheme.Personally get Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon, it might shorter, but it's much MUCH! more fun to play with all the 80's retro film gimmicks about."
,Not Recommended,220240,28110220,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Eric Cartman,♥♥♥♥ UPLAY
,Recommended,220240,28626049,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,P4nos,"Amazing game with awesome graphics, Good story but short, i highly recommend you buying it."
,Not Recommended,220240,11014671,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"I've played about 30+ hours ofFar Cry 3on PC and another 40+ hours back on Xbox 360, meaning I've had quite some experience with the game. That being said,Far Cry 3is probably Ubisoft's prime example of advertising and hyping without fully delivering, hence my negative review: it's far from as great as people claim it to be.The Good:· Michael Mando's performance as Vaas Montenegro is very well done, simply one of the best motion capture in any game.· The huge island allows for hours of exploring, hunting, and doing sidemissions.The Bad:· First I'm going to list what bothers me the most, and it also happens to be the thing I liked the most... Vaas. Ubisoft promotedFar Cry 3with Vaas from the get-go; putting him in the early demo, placing him on the boxart, including a wahini-figure in the Collector's Edition... his insanity was basically the center of the game. Unfortunately, those promises weren't met. Slight spoiler warning ahead so please skip to the next point if you don't want any bits of the story given away, but Ubisoft's oh so glorious Vaas Montenegro had a combined total screentime of 15 minutes. Yep. Durning your 30+ hours, only 15 minutes will be spent looking at or listening to Vaas. It's like buying a movie ticket to go and see Fight Club just to end up watching A Good Day to Die Hard.· The missions are repetetive beyond believe. Save this person, do this for that guy, kill these guys. The sidemissions exist largely of racing- and huntingmissions, both equally boring after the first time. The only enjoyable mission -- spoiler warning, again -- was the one where you had to burn marijuanafield with a flamethrower to a raggae-dubstep beat. If only there were more original missions like those.· The character development is so unbelievable it feels parodic at times. You go from a party-going teenager to a hipster Rambo that is able to murder hundreds of experienced soldiers in a few hours.· There's no real reason to craft anything. Health syringes are useless if you have upgraded your manual healing skill that'll automatically heal you when you're out of syringes (by bandaging your scratched arm when you fall or pulling out a bullet when a tiger attacks you. Yeah...) Your wallet can only hold a certain amount of money, so maybe crafting a larger wallet would be usefull. But why do so if climbing all the radio towers will basically get you all the weapons for free?The Visuals:· The overal graphics are very nice, from detailed textures to great lighting, but the shadows were so overdone it almost felt cartoonish.Final verdict:· High expectations, even higher promises, and ultimately you get an avarage repetetive shooter.Far Cry 3is the best example of how Ubisoft spends more time hyping and advertising than polishing what could have been a much better product. 6/10"
,Recommended,220240,8317199,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,BoPuNk ツ,"Perfect Story,Graphics,OpenWorld And Absolutely Recommended for GTA FANS.This game is so High with full actions.....!!!"
,Recommended,220240,673656,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Vash(88),"This game can be defined with three words. Open world immersion! Crafting, hunting, exploration, side games, challenges, optional quests, lively characters, and amazing weapon design -- this game has it all! Not many games live up to the given price tag, and this is one of them. I spent fifty hours on my first play though. That is an extensive single player fps.Cut off the music and turn off all of the ""hud"" options that can be toggled, (I left the grenade indicator on) and this island will come to life. When hunting, the player will need to stand still and listen for the growls and other noises made by the animals. The items obtained from the wild life give the player options to craft new weapon, ammo, and consumable slots. The open world feel will often send the player face to face with tigers, bears, or enemy patrols when least expecting it.The ONLY thing I didn't like about the game.... Is the main character! I wanted to smack my guy in the face way to many times =/ But that is a small price to pay for a full and complete game that has been polished into a guided, open world thrill ride that is sure to please. The first time you light an enemy base on fire then slide down a steep mountain side for a quick and slick escape from the guard dogs like a serious BA, just to land on a pack of frickin' grizzly bears -- you'll be hooked!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=168799526"
,Recommended,220240,811576,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"What a massive game this is. Huge islands to explore with just too many sidequests. You can just run/drive/fly around and do nothing or you can; hunt animals, craft items, free settlements, find relics and other secrets, take over radio towers, do some trials and a whole lot of other activities and (side)quests. It's seemingly endless and completing the entire game will take you probably well over 50 hours. Now that's some value right there.The graphics are just gorgeous, no matter what settings you use. You can't make this game look bad, you just can't. The animations and models are some of the best I've seen in a game. Wow. The same thing applies to the sounds and voice acting, which is brilliant and truly convincing.While doing the story and sidequests you'll earn XP to upgrade your skills. There are 3 skilltrees in total and the way you play the game is entirely up to you. The Shark skilltree will let you upgrade your assault and healing skills, while the Heron tree will help you with your sniper skills and speed and finally, the Spider tree will let you focus on your stealth and survival skills. There's no right way to play this. There are many ways to complete an objective. And that's what makes Far Cry 3 fun, but not necessarily unique.However, there aren't many FPS that give you this much freedom, while telling a realistic, focused, story at the same time. So I take my hat off to Ubisoft for creating this masterpiece. The commercial and critical success for this game is well deserved.Let this be a lesson - and example - for future first person shooters. Hooray for Far Cry 3 ![Rating: 92/100]"
,Recommended,220240,7968149,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,rebounder,"*Inb4 looking at playtime*Ive played this game on Xbox and finished it.Graphics are very nice, texture is good and such.Plotline and cinematics are extremely lovable.You witness a change in your character and love and hate every aspect.Replayability is a bit less fun, although open world is great."
,Recommended,220240,8209919,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,thetick,"It's like they took the new Tomb Raider and mixed with the first Far Cry. It's a little on the easy side but it's still very fun.As far as co-op is concerned, expect a network error that crashes your game just as you are about to finish any map.  Other than that, it's mindless fun."
,Recommended,220240,12627241,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Camouflaged Cow,"(Scroll down for Pros and Cons) 82 hours and one of my most played games on Steam (I have over 220), it is amazing. Far Cry 4 will be similar, and I know everything about it so far. If you like FPS, adventure, open-world, fun, b00bs, guns, parties, Co-Op (unfortunately not open-world, but WILL be in 4), and games worth your money, you found the right one!Pros:-The enviroment. A huge map and probably my favorite open-world game, ever! The second part of the map opens after half way through the game. While the enviroment isn't as detailed as Far Cry 4's will be, it's still an amazing treat.-The graphics. They look the best for 2012. 'Nuf said.-The characters. Interesting and awesome (especially Vaas, in my top 3 favorite villians of all time) and a story that will keep you interested even after the game is over!-The weapons and cars. While there is no flyable helicopters (Which there will be one in Far Cry 4 called the Gyrocopter), the cars are varied with random encounters with Pirates (Grunts) down the street. The boats are awesome and that comes to our next pro.-Hunting and Scavenging. In Far Cry 3 you can hunt animals (don't worry, they're virtual and not real) and pick flowers. With animals, you can make upgrades, like more holsters for guns, ammo pouches, and sick stuff. With picking flowers, you can make ""medicene"" (drugs) which boost things in combat, hunting, and health.-Co-op and Multiplayer. They didn't stop with the Singleplayer, and it still would have been an amazing game, just look at my hours! (86+ hours) Unfortunately, the Co-op is linear but a nice touch, and the Multiplayer isn't just stapled on. They have a cool decoding system and Battle Cries, which are very helpful. It gives a lot more teamwork than Call of Duty ever would.-B00bs. You probably say Nudity on the Rating, but how could I not put this in? Seriously?-$30.00. You've got to pick up this game for that price, no matter what kind of gamer you are!-Mini-games. From Throwing Knives to hunting Legendary Animals, there is some Minigame for you!Cons:-No Open-World Co-op. There will be Open-World Co-op in Far Cry 4, which I can't wait for. My biggest con.-The enviroments are a little empty in some places, which it will be fixed in Far Cry 4.-No Elephants or the Gyrocopter, until Far Cry 4.-No worth-while DLC. (Besides Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon, and for $15.00 you should pick up if you like this game!)-When it ends. Great choices at the end you can pick from and I loved the game.Rating (Non-Bias):9.5/10-Bad-A$$ Seal of Approval (Even Angry Joe gave it one and a 9/10!)Rating for Hardcore Far Cry Fans:9.8/10-Bad-A$$ Seal of Approval (Even Angry Joe gave it one and a 9/10!)They're just missing the Open-World Co-op with a friend.P.S: You might recognize me, that's because I currently have the 8th most Top Rated Guide of Far Cry 3 (It's called ""Far Cry 3 Ultimate Guide"")! I'm so glad the community could be there all these years to meet that goal! I am accepting requests to add things to the Ultimate guide."
,Recommended,220240,9737308,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,<JJJ>,My cries were not as far as I had hoped.
76561198091697303,Not Recommended,220240,20218551,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BlackStar717,i wish i could play this game but uplay won't let meand/or it crashes before it even starts
,Recommended,220240,3646959,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,BLACK JACKASS,"Только за то,каким харизматичным и интересным,ярким и злобным,страшным и опасным сделали Ubisoft Вааса Монтенегро,можно поставить твердую 10/10.Очень красивая графика,тропические пейзажи,исследование острова и множество квестов,пусть и однотипных,но тем не менее интересных. К каждому персонажу взялись твердо и уверенно. История каждого героя игры интересна. Да,кстати,здесь есть сюжет,причем очень интересный,что бывает редко в наше время. Это единственная игра за последние несколько месяцев,в которую я играл до приобретения в стиме. Затягивает с 1 минуты. Здесь и азарт,и крафтинг,и ""взрывоопасная"" стрельба,и исследование острова,и борьба со злобными хищниками. Хочешь выжить,сражайся,исследуй,выживай.Как по мне,это Игра Года 2012.10/10."
76561198001305935,Recommended,220240,8629465,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,420ֆmokaֆizzle,"This is a real good game. The MP is a lot of fun & is where I have spent most of my time so far.SP is mind blowing, a vast world with so much to do.Haven't tried coop much but I am sure I wont be dissapointed.As for the Ubisoft overlay people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about I really don't have any issues with it, infact I like it. The Uplay points are used to redeem some cool stuff ingame and out."
,Recommended,220240,10358126,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"Far Cry 3 is a game that takes place in Rook Island, which is divided into North Island and South Island. You begin the game as Jason Brody, an American tourist who is vacationing with his friends looking for fun on this tropical paradise. Things go wrong when pirates kidnap them for the purpose of selling them into slavery. You encounter a leader named Vaas Montenegro, who makes life a living hell for you and your friends. Later you’ll run into another nasty guy in the name of Hoyt Volker, who lives in the South Island has more powerful pirates protecting him.Jason may seem like an ordinary guy, but you can make him quite powerful using the skill tree system. There is plenty to explore, including the plant life, the animal life, and the numerous outposts controlled by the pirates. You will also get to know the Rakyat, the natives of the island and you will learn their traditions as you progress through the story. The story missions are interesting and well-scripted, but the most exciting part of the game is being able to freely explore the island when not working on a story mission. The world has plenty of randomness such as shootouts between the Rakyat and the pirates. Other times you will see animals attacking the Rakyat. On some occasions you will see animals like bears, tigers, and leopards attacking the Rakyat tribe. On other occasions you will see tigers or bears stalking boars. Sometimes the predatory animals will come after you and you will have to kill them in order to survive. Other times you see a pack of dogs with one howling like a wolf. You look around to see if these animals are stalking you.There can be benefits to killing animals in the game. After killing them you can skin them in order to craft bigger wallets to hold more cash and craft loot rucksacks to carry more leaves and loot recovered from containers and dead bodies. Liberating outposts requires you to kill all pirates guarding them so that they can be your safehouse. The game rewards you more for using stealth than for going all out on a shootout against the pirates. Each outpost contains alarm panels near the flags representing the outposts that pirates can use to call reinforcements should they find you. But you can shoot out the alarm panels to eliminate the possibility of reinforcements. The sniper rifle comes in very handy when trying to liberate outposts. I would shoot a few pirates and find a place to hide by hiding behind rocks and in the foliage. The XP gained from liberating outposts is used to develop Jason in different ways. This is the RPG element of Far Cry 3. There really no wrong skill to learn because all the skills are useful in some way. You can learn to take down an enemy from behind using the brutally effective machete. Then you can learn to take down an enemy by taking one down from behind and throwing the machete immediately to take down a nearby enemy without alerting others. Liberated outposts offer side missions such as assassinations and hunting animals both common and rare. You have to complete assassinations by using your brutal knife, so using any other weapon will result in mission failure. This is in line with Rakyat tradition that you will learn to respect in Rook Island. The hunting of animals requires you to first stop by a site to pick up a weapon designated for hunting the animals. Using any other weapon will result in mission failure. The hunting of rare animals is rather interesting because the skinning of these animals will help you craft larger wallets, larger ammo pouches, larger loot rucksacks, larger syringe kits, etc. So hunting and crafting go hand in hand and will help you throughout your exploration of the island.Whether you’re hunting, crafting, searching for relics or lost letters from dead WWII Japanese soldiers or progressing through the main story, Far Cry 3 is rarely boring. You can unscramble radio towers throughout the island to make your map clearer to read and to help Rakyat supply lines. As soon as you kill deactivate a radio tower, you will have a supply drop side mission available. Supply drops require you to drop medical supplies within a certain time limit. This type of side mission lets you know how treacherous driving can be in Rook Island. It also can get a little repetitive. In my opinion, the supply drops side missions are the most tedious in the game.There are many vehicles that you can drive, but driving on the roads can feel a bit awkward. Driving boats and watercraft can be a lot of fun while exploring the gameworld by sea. You can navigate from one place to another by ziplining, which is more fun from a first-person view than I expected. It’s cool to zipline, get to drop down on a pirate, and brutally stab him at the same time. There are hang gliders scattered throughout the island that you can use to reach faraway places or hard to reach areas.In the original Far Cry you could use binoculars to tag enemies you see in the distance. Far Cry 2 removed that feature to make it more realistic. Far Cry 3 has brought back the ability to tag enemies in the distance, so you will be able to see enemies through walls after tagging them. Weapons would eventually wear down in Far Cry 2, so you had to replace them. In Far Cry 3 weapons never wear down from use and you can upgrade them using the built-in store in each safehouse for a price. Some weapons can be upgraded by using attachments such as a sniper scope, a laser sight, or a silencer. Some weapons can also be customized by painting them in a variety of colors that are available in the built-in store.The AI in the game is very good, as you will see enemies react to dead bodies. They will automatically go into search mode in an attempt to find you. They will try to flank you if they detect you or they can hide behind objects such as rocks and shacks. They enemies work as a team when trying to find you and kill you.The graphics of Far Cry 3 have very impressive textures and make Rook Island look alive. The animals are incredibly detailed and so are the skies whether it’s sunny or raining. The details of the faces of the Vaas and Hoyt look amazingly realistic as do the faces of the pirates.Without trying to spoil the end of the game, I will only say that there are two endings. Each ending leaves you with moral choices to contemplate. The story missions are somewhat linear, but having two possible endings for the game makes it more entertaining.In my opinion, Far Cry 3 is the best in the Far Cry series. The other two Far Cry games emphasized an open gameworld, but Far Cry 3 is the most open gameworld and the random encounters really help this game. The randomness ensures that the result of approaching an outpost will never be the same each time. You may infiltrate an outpost on your own only to be interrupted by a predatory animal such as a bear, tiger, or leopard. Sometimes, your attempt to liberate an outpost is thwarted by a jeep filled with pirates. Far Cry 3 is a classic action game that I highly recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,220240,12729224,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,weenie,"Let me start of this review saying,This game is absoloutely amazing.The Music i rate: 15/10Gameplay: 10/10Atmoshpere/Entire Map: 9.5/10 - Its kind of a pain to travel across sometimesFor a more in depth review....I got this game for my Xbox when it first realeased... i played this game for hours on end.I later got the game on my PC to find it cant run, but just recently ive unlocked my PC's PowerAnd now i can run 100 FPS on this game on High the games graphics now are VERY VERY VERYpretty. The campaign alone is about 20 hours, and its not that linear except for the end mission.so ... this game is wonderful for exploring the game the atmosphere and toy with certain mechanics.also you can really customize your weapons in-depth.an overall review, This game i love and i'd give it 9/10Mostly because the traveling is a pain in my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥But the rest of the game you can lose yourself in."
76561198032084679,Not Recommended,220240,30211576,Posted: 26 February,all,greencondor,Ubisoft sign in doesn't work and doesn't let me play. Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,220240,25027739,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,7|,"*EDIT*So I've managed to mend the Uplay issues and it's at long last running like a dream.I had to open Google Chrome in the background, set up a vanilla UPlay account from Ubisofts official website, leave it open and running in the background THEN start the game from inside of Steam and sign into the account instead of trying to set up a new one at game launch.* /EDIT*Steam REALLY has to stop putting games on sale that no longer run, be it for UPlay or Games for Windows Live.This is like the third in a row. THIRD. If they don't get their act together I swear out of economic necessity I'm going to finally cross that unforgivable line and start torrenting all future games for free... This is RIDICULOUS."
,Not Recommended,220240,28169471,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Uncle Bro,UPlay.
,Not Recommended,220240,30704011,Posted: 24 March,all,Arcanum | cs.money |,"I purchased the game , downloaded it (took me forever over my slow net connection). I installed all that uPlay♥♥♥♥♥♥& made my account there. Started the game &The game crashed after 15 min(my specs surpass the recommended requirments), no reason given.Gave the game admin rights , ran in compatibility mode @ lowest settings and voila , still crashed after 15 minutes.Searched the web and did whatever i could but game refused to work even a bit further than 15 min of gameplay.The only reason I didn't asked for refund is because it's a legend in games and I'm still  hoping that someday i'll be able to run it butKeep the above in mind before buying this game.Now I Know why it's called""Ubishit"", never gonna buy another ubishit game,ever."
,Recommended,220240,8653606,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,tiotuli,"+Mapa gigantesco que oferece infinitas possibilidades de abordagem.+Atuação e dublagem impressionante do vilão (Vaas).+Mecânica de tiro muito boa, com armas realistas e divertidas de usar, e um sistema de cobertura intuitivo e eficiente.+Arco e flecha <3+Visual bonito, oferecendo algumas paisagens impressionantes.+Ótima integração da IA com os outros elementos do ambiente, em especial com facções inimigas e vida selvagem, faz o jogo parecer vivo.+Consertou vários erros irritantes presentes no Far Cry 2.-Não se deixe enganar pelo menu gráfico detalhado: Far Cry 3 pra PC é um port desleixado muito bem disfarçado. Tem uma das piores implementações do DirectX 11 que eu já vi. Torrei quase 1/3 do tempo de jogo fazendo tweaks gráficos, numa tentativa desesperada de fazer o jogo rodar de forma estável, mesmo usando num sistema que supera os requisitos RECOMENDADOS.-História monótona que toma uma direção ridícula na metade do jogo.-Missões da mainquest são lineares e restringem muito as ações do jogador.-Inimigos com sensor ninja destroçam a imersão em alguns momentos.-Excesso de recompensas e evolução desbalanceada tornam o jogo fácil demais e acabam desestimulando a exploração do mapa.-Caçar animais e plantas pra craftar itens é divertido no começo, mas se torna um pé no saco depois.-Sidequests repetitivas e um grinding insuportável de fazer inveja a Assassin's Creed I.7,8/10."
,Not Recommended,220240,29973030,Posted: 16 February,all,Gorillagamer5589,"shallow story, no character development. the concept of progression is limited to AMMO BAGS and seems like it was a last minute thing shoehorned in. theres no real reason not to go into everything guns blazing even if you have the option of using 'stealth' and gameplay is extremley repetitive with go to x location on your map and clear your generic bad guys out ad nausaem"
,Recommended,220240,10169691,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Whiteswart,"There are some different angles to look at this game. It's not a brilliant, that's for sure, but I can't tell exactly, is it good or bad.Certainly, pros overcome cons, but cons aren't that small issue to negate them completely, as I do with games I'm really in love with.I start from good side: Far Cry 3 is a complete adventure at some tropical islands, where you have to (and have might to) overcome cluster♥♥♥♥, and take a life under control. Dream of so many people. Great story plot, quite comparable with Cameron's ""Avatar"" movie.As a game, first-player-view shooter with some ""gaining new abilities with experience"" (RPG-elements)... It looks good, it allows to move as you please on large and full of life archipelago, and, most needed, it allows you to shoot people (and other things) when and how you want to - which is much clever, than usual ""narrow corridor bang-bang run"" ala Call of Duty series.As an inheritor of Far Cry 2, it washed away bigger part of boredom, reason, why so many people turned predecessor down. Far Cry 3 is an open-world game, where you may actually like sub-quests and spend ""a little more"" time than you have to beat story line.But... there are cons part.First of all, oh precious realism, makers of Far Cry 3 most definetely casted it away. Some American boy found himself trigger-happy - that is one thing. But, that boy, cutting throats and sneaking to clear an avanpost silently all by himself... ""Ne veriy"" (Don't believe it) - Stanislavsky would say. Secondly, I don't like Jason Brody (protagonist) for one bit. Not a golden boy from prologue, not a rambo-like gut-cutter he evolved. All that story 'bout ""insanity"" make me sick. So, if I'd believe my ""nature instincts"", like game asks me to at start, I'd through it away. It's way Hollywood-and-plush, ""Hunger games"" on good bones of ""Battle Royale"".For game itself (gameplay process). It looks nice, but Just Cause 2 (released 3 years ago) looks greater and sharper, in terms of visual quality. As for game balance, in sandbox conditions - they have to lock key characters in buildings and scripts. Othervise, everyone will end up killed by varans and cassowary.About rambo-ing. Sure, I can silently clean an outpost, spend time to look for patrol routine, calculate lines-of-sight for every soldier on it... But why do that? Without any reconnaissance I can rush forward, and kill all of them (armed with AK's, SVD's and probably some machine-guns and RPG-7) face-to-face, with my machete and shotgun. On hardiest setting possible. On quarter or less time than silent approach. Talking 'bout realism again.Finally, for comparison with Far Cry 2, I'd say, yeah, they cut boring parts with respawnable avanposts, replace some of ""dogs of war"" realistic stuff with more hollywood-like decorations, very dramatic, of course, but edged teeth of action-stuff-fans up to zero.There are other lesser flaws, like stupid bow and driving-worse-than-in-farcry2, but I don't want to dig deeper.Overall, game is big, sometimes even fun and clever, game have catchy moments, but even then it has that ""seen it before"" scratch of second-hand cloth. Definetely NOT a must-buy. Take it at some discount, if you up to FPS games and don't fall to all that marketing crap already - or don't bother at all, it's not all that good. Total mark - 6,66/10PS: multiplayer and co-op features could have been a bigger win, but they are too glitchy, too narrow-viewed. Look at Battlefield, for much better online experience."
,Recommended,220240,9095494,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pawkchop,"Enjoyable Combat in an Open enviroment.I really didn't gel with the Protagonist or his friends in this game. You play some rich, white, kid in his 20s who is on vacation with his equally cringeworthy friends. On a character level I just couldn't relate. But the game is so good that you ignore that.Don't get me wrong, there are some fantastic characters in this game. I feel as if a few of their stories were cut short too quickly, as if they ran out of time. But that aside they were still great! You meet a lot of very memorable characters and have the chance to interract with some of the best villans/anti-heroes I have ever faced while playing videogames.Vaas is right up there with Handsome Jack as one of (if not the) most charasmaticly evil badguys of all time.The combat is VERY fun. The exploring/open world enviroments are fantastic. The Graphics and great. The story is great in parts and ok in others (a few ""wtf?"" moments)I really enjoyed playing this game. It is very much Skyrim with guns. It was very much an enjoyable use of my time."
,Recommended,220240,11598351,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,foxy,"Amazing game. Great graphics, gameplay and all around fun."
,Recommended,220240,14496985,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,E11i0t,Amazing  game as long as you like villance and alot of action Very hard if you are starting up in FPS free worlds but lots of chalenges and things to do other than missions
,Recommended,220240,10695831,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DanceBicthOrDie,"Overall Far Cry 3 is a very solid First Person Shooter game. It has a very intense story that makes you want to finish the game from start to end without stopping. To note this is the first Far Cry game I have FINISHED. I could never finish the previous Far Cry games for many reasons. That being said this game in the series was very enjoyable to me. As you can see the game took me no more than 13ish hours to beat, doing some side missions and other little challenges in the game. It is a fairly easy game to get through compared to the other Far Cry games. One gameplay mechanic I really enjoyed was the stealth. It was top notch fun sneaking around taking people down with brutal machete kills. The skill system works very well with the game too. I never once felt underpowered in fact the way the game progresses you feel weak at the beginning, but towards the end of the game you are a bonafide killing machine. The story like I said was very entertaining, playing out like a classic hollywood revenge film. You play as Jason Brody a man who decides to go on a getaway vacation to a mysterious island. Things go south and your friends get captured, leaving it up to you to save them. The game has great character development showing how Jason must learn to adapt to the situation at hand and become a ruthless killer in order to save his friends. The game does feature 2 different endings each one being very different from the other. The endings were the only thing that made the game a little negative for me. Without spoiling much one of the endings is very empty meaning it feels as if it was rushed and things needed to be futher explained. Other than that it is a great single player experience. I have yet to play multiplayer. As far as technical aspects the game ran very smoothly never dropping its frame rate or crashing. I had a good experience with UPlay too. This is definitely the right step in the Far Cry series and I am now looking forward to Far Cry 4.9/10- TLDR Great game with awesome gameplay mechanics and a solid story. Looking forward to Far Cry 4!"
,Recommended,220240,10249197,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,acetyl coA,"SUPER immersive and fun gameStory is absolutely great (not exactly believeable but good nontheless) and characters were humorous and for the most part well developed. Incredibly beautiful tropical islands; you get to kill enemies by stealth, swim, cause explosions, burn everything in sight, dive, hang glide, drive cars then destroy them, and skydive. Crafting is very basic and easy to remember; gameplay and mechanics are fluid. Only a few slight frustrations, such as difficulty with takedown menus prompting.Do not pick the 2nd choice for the last chapter or you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,220240,10865492,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,noTRESpassing,"Beautiful game, awesome story, absolutely worth playing!"
76561197960969889,Recommended,220240,7996444,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,(ʘ‿ʘ) BéPéke:) ^^PUBG:),"csak ajánlani tudom, co-op király, multija is faca, megérte azt a pár eurót:)"
76561198071593272,Recommended,220240,10644994,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cupcake,"Amazing SIngle PLayer Game, kept me on the endge of my seat for the enitre time. Truly amazing. Buy it its worth it."
76561197989903057,Recommended,220240,8779915,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,samuel.j.wiley,Worth the money.  Great single player campaign
,Recommended,220240,13307390,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,batuzzy,"- wooh look at the island. it's beautifularghh Uplay- look at its enhanced graphicsdarn it Uplay- the characters are so damn great♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Uplay- the story is greatscrew you Uplay- look at how lively the island iscursed you Uplay9/10 buy it, you won't regret it. unless you aren't patience enough to encounter with Uplay issues"
,Recommended,220240,9554532,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Great Googley Moogley™,u ♥♥♥♥ your enemies sister.
,Recommended,220240,10992048,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,hussain_puranwala,gr8 game....
,Recommended,220240,1839317,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,crabislav,This game has Skrillex and weed10/10 Outstanding
,Recommended,220240,15978881,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Carpenterbator,"This is a game that is completely out of my own radar. I was not a big fan of the setup but I assure you as soon as I started the story, I could not stop. It was fun seeing a tiger rampage through a village and eventually slaughtering them and it was even more fun burning weed with a flamethrower. Again this is completely out of the ordinary for me to play a game like Far Cry and I sure as hell don't regret it one bit. Multiplayer was boring and side missions were not engaging for me. So I recommend anyone not used to the genre to go for the story and you will enjoy it."
76561197995297348,Not Recommended,220240,8528378,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,scorchey,online play is rancid as the player maching system is flawed
76561197992571593,Not Recommended,220240,8734386,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,CoolVapingMom2000,"I always thought that motion-sickness caused by games was a myth. That changed once I played FC3. There is no way to turn off head-bob, and increasing FOV doesn't really help - running results in a queazy barfy feeling. After about an hour of that plus the ridiculously wobbly cutscenes a massive headache came on.Anything positive I might have to say about the game is obscured by this camera issue. Well, that and the juvenile bro-type attempts at humor in the ""Hand Book""."
76561197976601955,Not Recommended,220240,8759601,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,STEELERS RULE !!!,Don't waste your money.  This game has to many problems.  From all the forum posts I have read UBI does not seem to care about fixing the problems.  Buy another game.
,Recommended,220240,11231065,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,CinderellaMan,"Far Cry 3 succeeds like its predecessors in providing an open world action / thriller set in a tropical climate.  Like similar games such as GTA and Batman: AC, the current objective is shown on the map... there are side missions and mini-games that can be unlocked and played at will.  Portions of the map details are hidden until radio towers are ""unlocked"" by scaling them and sabotaging the fuse box.  Weapons and skills are steadily unlocked as progress is made in both the main story line, collecting hidden treasures, and completing various other tasks.  Thrown in for good measure are hunting and crafting, and a completely separate and very challenging co-op campaign.On the plus side:> The world is beautiful and nicely detailed.> The story is quite good and features one of the best antagonists in any video game I have ever played.> The weapons look, feel, and sound excellent.> The stronghold raids and ""kill nasty dude x"" side missions are the meat of the game and very entertaining, with many ways to approach them> The takedown skills are challenging to apply and fun when they work.> An excellent PC port with all the graphical and control flourish we expect.On the negative side:> The game ramps up too quickly... I found myself proceeding at a reasonable pace, and by act 2 I was becoming overpowered... this along with another mechanic in act 2 makes the second act seem anti-climactic.> On the same vein, the first act Boss feels more threatening than the second.  He also was such a good character I was disappointed that he was dead.  Can he have his own game, please?> The native peoples character models are too similar.> The world does not feel ""lived in""... it feels more like an action game set piece.  There is also very little variation in the game world.> There is very little incentive to continue exploring after the game ends.The co-op campaign is very difficult... you will want at least 3 players for that.  I bought the game on sale on steam for $5... was it worth it? Yes absolutely.  I would say $20 is reasonable for this since I got nearly 40 hours of entertainment out of it.8/10"
76561197968342579,Not Recommended,220240,11097813,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,am.i.fry,"So we heard you like DRM, so we decided to put some DRM in your DRM.Lucky I got the game cheap.....Finally got to play the game and its actually ok. But the extra DRM is a pain..."
,Recommended,220240,8339075,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Debaucher,"I don't normally play single player games, but this one is off the chain. Choosing weather you want to make the mission a stealth mission or an all out battle is a pro. There are a ton of ""Lost"" references, so if you are a fan, I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,220240,9050977,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,High Fructose Corn Syrup,This game is absolutely fućking awesome.Thats all you need to know.
76561198034741383,Recommended,220240,10567136,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,xeroja,This is one of the best games I have ever played get it you wont regret it
76561198053222384,Recommended,220240,8528766,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rusty Shacklemynuts,"Very fun open world game that can be challenging at time but is worth it in the end. The game has a strong story line, but also lets you free roam the island as you please. Definitly worth the money you spend for the game."
76561197970590902,Recommended,220240,12241151,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,moguri,"I enjoyed Far Cry 3 more than I've enjoyed almost any game for a long, long time.I don't care how dumb the story is (it's not, but that was apparently a fluke), it's internally consistent enough to be coherent and convincing while being vague and last minute enough in other places to be totally compelling and mysterious, like Lost was before Damon Lindelof realised viewers were way smarter than he'd ever given them credit for and his insistence that this wasn't a case painted him into a cringe-inducing corner.I digress.Far Cry 3 is really, really good and interesting and fun. The island is beautiful, the wildlife is interesting, the fire system is more or less intact from the otherwise terrible Far Cry 2 SO THAT'S GOOD and the music is some of my favourite in a long, long time. There's an overwhelming amount of things to see and do, thanks to the scattershot 'world map full of activity markers' Ubisoft school of design, and almost all of it is really fun and usually quite a diversion from the 'routine' gameplay.But nothing in Far Cry 3 is routine. Everything kind of feels special and exciting. If you liked Far Cry or The Beach or Lost or Arrow then you should definitely give Far Cry 3 a try. You probably should anyway."
,Recommended,220240,12228197,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,El cáncer,"Apesar de q foram poucos os que apostaram nesse FPS da Ubisoft o game em si tras uma otima jogabilidade e historia,sendo um dos melhores que ja joguei....FC4"
76561198075433549,Recommended,220240,12119472,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,7amod007,My Favorite FPS of all time
,Not Recommended,220240,8246941,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Distracted,"Starts out fun, then it gets repetitive, would not reccomend."
76561198068753913,Not Recommended,220240,8389517,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,MrArkAngel11,The is poorly made and the entire plot is kind og crap like your guy doesnt even question how the ♥♥♥♥ tatoos are growing on his arm he just goes around killing everyone in sight
76561197996907179,Not Recommended,220240,9310777,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Merciless Soldier JoStar,"Predictable Story, Mediocre combat, and a ending leaving me at ""Meh"". The gameplay is repetitive and uninspired so don't go in thinking you ll be wow'd. The only redeeming factor is that it does look nice but honestly how many people have expensive rigs to run this at max.This game is only worth the 7 bucks I paid for it, so when its on sale and you've got an empty library of games to play possibly play this. Unless something better is on sale."
,Recommended,220240,13153162,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Brostrava 空気読めない,I like this game.This is a nice fu-cking game.
,Recommended,220240,9061804,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Cylinder1024,"The gameplay is actually pretty good, but I can't stand the characters. Mainly the guy you have to play who is a whiny bro trying to save his crappy, ungrateful bro friends. While I did enjoy the ancillary characters like Vaas, it's unfortunate that you don't get more of that interaction. The only remedy is to play with the sound off and make up your own story."
,Recommended,220240,13240867,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,WeEb,"Far Cry 3 is great game that I only recently bought. Far Cry 3 is an fps (first person shooter) with a great story line. There are also side missions such as bounty hunting, finding old relics, etc.  There are also ways to upgrade your character (Jason) by “Skill” or upgrading item such as loot bag, wallet etc. by “Crafting” and lots more. I personally recommend this game to any Open World, FPS, Action, Shooter, Stealth loving gamer. However still have in mind, it’s still 18 so there are many swear word, the occasional finger or 2 and blood."
,Recommended,220240,11244998,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,𝑪𝒉𝒍𝒐𝒆  ♥,"Довольно неплохая игра.Всё проработанно идеально.Нет косяков, багов. Всё на высшем уровне.Только одно печально, после окончания сюжета в неё уже не так сильно хочется играть.Оценка 9/10.Постарались на славу."
,Recommended,220240,1550786,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,JUGH3AD,"Fedt spil dog vil jeg sige der skal arbejdes på optimeringen af grafik samt ingame bugs. Wall glitching etc. forekommer hyppigt, ikke særlig fedt. Der skal også arbejdes på at man rent faktisk kan slå faldskærmen ud i en af de sidste missioner... Blev nødt til at mave plaske vandet. 6/10."
,Recommended,220240,8286388,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Armin Only,"What can I say very real game, it's actually quite a lot of animals there, as in reality just really amazed me how all these things to remove the bullets from his hands how you twist your wrists just do not have words ... Game of the year for sure!"
,Recommended,220240,25411195,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,1c4ru5,"I had a peculiar problem with this game. I had bought it on sale. I am pretty sure that I clicked on the Deluxe edition but I received the Standard edition in my Steam library. Both of them have the same price.Since I didn't want to buy the Deluxe DLC Bundle, I got a refund."
76561198067753796,Recommended,220240,14076512,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Halo Kitty (Squirrelflight),"Well, I just finished this game. Wow, don't know what to say really. I've played all the far cries except for 4 (now i'm going to get it), and this was the first one I finished (1 and 2's memory got deleted from the steam cloud). I did, however, complete most of far cry 1's campaign, and did a bit of 2's. From what I've played, I think I like this the best. The AI is very good, so the stealth aspect is fun. It's also encouraged, so if you get in a gunfight, you need to stay back since you can easily die. Overall, this is right up there with the first game for me (the lack of human-monkey hybrid enemies in 3 give it a plus in my book). Now for the campaign. First let me say this: Vaas was amazing! He was ver insane and I really hated him. They did alot of bad things to you and your friends, so you really want to keep playing to get some good old-fashioned revenge. Still, about 3/4 into the campaign, when you go to the second island, the story quits being as interesting. Also, you were trying to save your friends, which was nice and all, but none of the friends really mattered to me. Neither did the protagonist, Jason. He seemed a little cliche, and had average voice acting. Lastly,  the worst things in the game are the heavies on the 2nd island. They are like bullet sponges, and take lots of them to die. I eventually resorted to just throwing c4 at them, but the ones with the flamethrowers still made me rage quite a few times. Still, it was a great game, and it has my seal of approval! Sorry about the infromal review, I just really want to go play FC2's campaign now!"
,Recommended,220240,13719443,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Anna Mae,"As irritating as it is to be force to interface with Uplay, I haven't received any significant bugs from it - and wouldn't consider it enough of a deterrant not to buy the game. For its competitive pricetag, it's a very entertaining open world shooter with a cool (albeit somewhat repetitive) physics engine. Plenty of things to do and places to explore which means hours can be spent aside from the main storyline and overall I'd rate the gameplay experience pretty highly. Very pretty game. Good variety of weapons and ways to play.8/10"
,Recommended,220240,9373246,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Professional N00b,"Drugs, pirates, and tigers.Ten outta ten."
,Recommended,220240,27683010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Anubis,"This game really likes to give you a friend, get some hope... and then.... take it away from you. #LonelyNow"
,Recommended,220240,13187181,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,"Tigurus Tirel, Sun's Champion","A gorgeous game, sandbox-ish game where you are a jungle warrior instead of just having a vacation.I say sandbox-ish, because while you can do other missions and activities than the main story, it feels like it's not that much that you can do and half of it feels the same.That said, this game is certainly not bad. Actually, it's really good.The story goes where your friends, brothers and you go on an exotic, adventurous vacation. What they didn't saw coming was that you all would be captured by swashbuckling pirates who want to sell you for ransom money. That is certainly not what the brochure said...You manage to escape and you have to find and safe your friends and brother.All in all, it's pretty good but it has some flaws of which mostly: Character Progression.The game starts as you, scared and unexperienced. Never killed a man before but the moment you get a weapon in your hands, the main character goes pretty much berserk. While it is understandable that you can't limit the skills of the player, the story doesn't make this progression better and soon you will be the Berserker Warlord of the Jungle.It has potential but it goes just a bit too fast to believe it.Gameplay feels smooth and feels right. From the firefights to the stealth, nothing to really complain there.There really is a bunch to do and terrain to see and it looks damn good.The biggest problem I had with Far Cry 3 is that the Field of View returns to default in cutscenes, making it look like every character is invading your personal space.All in all, a beautiful game with a name story and lots of things to do!"
,Recommended,220240,8134529,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Goblin Reaper,"It takes away the from the nice savanna atmosphere of FarCry 2 but the deep jungles are where FarCry was meant to be played in. Despite it being constrained by modern ""leaving the battlefield"" restrictions, the freedom in FarCry 3 is immense. I'd recommend this to any fans of rpg shooters or sandbox shooters. Crafting gear from animals, learning a variety of melee moves, and figuring out if you like playing stealthy or shoot-out guns blazing is all upto you. This game is quite lengthy so beware of that, and you'll need a pretty good PC to run it."
,Recommended,220240,8261676,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kaz,"GOOD GAME, ACCIDENTALLY BACKSPACED AFTER LIKE TEN PARAGRAPHS WRITTEN SO I HAVE TO REDO THIS ENTIRE THING AGAINGOOD STEALTHGOOD COMBATGOOD VEHICLE DRIVING EVEN THOUGH SOME PEOPLE INSIST YOU CRASH INTO EVERYTHINGGOOD WORLDC4 IS ♥♥♥♥ING FUN TO USEBASE ASSAULTS ARE THE BEST PARTS ABOUT THIS GAMEFIRES SPREAD EVERYWHERETEDIOUS HUNTING AND UPGRADINGLOTS OF MINIGAMESJANKY AS ♥♥♥♥ CONTROLSANNOYING AS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GETTING STUCK ON 1INCH PLANKSWEAPON VARIETY IS SLICK BUT WISH IT HAD MORE CUSTOMIZABILITY.Good game, buy it."
,Recommended,220240,21124429,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Droptimus Prime,one of the funnest single player games i've ever played.... definitely worth every penny
,Recommended,220240,23736619,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MrLuigi002,Take drugs and kill bears
76561198051603555,Recommended,220240,7985719,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Willjam =D,fun and nice game :D
76561198071833077,Recommended,220240,24729617,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Mikel771,best farcry out!
,Recommended,220240,10538419,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dRy,"Best game I've ever played from my favourite franchise. Beautiful graphics, fluid gameplay and an incredable storyline!"
,Recommended,220240,3904461,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Mr Skeltal,Great game with immersive story and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,220240,11597068,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Falskanta,White boy gets tatted up in the jungle. The end.
,Recommended,220240,7888324,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,"Fuck'em, we ball",wawaweewah very naaaassss
,Recommended,220240,9416325,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sceptrum,"A very good sandbox FPS, although with some detracting elements in my personal opinion. The islands are pretty damn well made and there has been time and effort spent in building a believable backstory, history and culture for the Rook Islands.The game running and shooting mechanics are also pretty good, where you won't instantly shoot if you are running and switching between weapons feels believable, along with the sliding mechanics which are worth a mention. There are also a nice amount of weapons to choose and unlock from. The enemies are also nice and varied and can pose a challenge if you stay exposed too  much.The story itself is not bad, but maybe it is me, I just felt I expected what would happen before they happened and found most story elements too predictable. Another thing which actually ended up bugging me is that throughout my game session I probably killed enough tigers to have reduced the overall worldwide tiger population by a wide percentage margin. Tigers, leopards and bears you encounter should in my opinion have been more rarer. And bull-sharks are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, I happily rammed them with my jet skis whenever I could.I also feel the Skills system was very redundant in many places, with abilities that were hardly useful, but also some which should have been unlockable earlier (You unlock your skills three times throughout the story, having one set of skills available in beginning, another set further in and then last set of skills a good way into the game).I would still recommend the game, as it is quite fun and if you spot it at bargain price, get it. I would advice though that while it is Steam, it will start up Uplay, but not been that much a hassle really."
,Recommended,220240,4652473,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,Fresh Prince,One of the best games I have ever played
,Recommended,220240,10548783,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kaasahthur (OLD),"Truly epic!!! I honestly didn't expect this game to be as fun as it was. Killing the baddies fighting off komodo dragons. It truly is ""like Skyrim with guns"" haha. Haven't had that much fun in a game since I first bought Skyrim. Would recommend to fans of RPGs and FPS alike!!!"
,Recommended,220240,10621911,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DaedricReaper,This game is really awesome and I found it a lot of fun playing this game!
76561198036546969,Not Recommended,220240,13049714,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,JohnnyKilroy,Cant even launch the Uplay Launcher. Always get an error
76561198091010895,Recommended,220240,12976588,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Romulus,One of The BEST GAMES i have ever played. I HIGHLY reccomend this game. This short review does not due the game justice but i could not help but say something.
,Recommended,220240,9907794,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Iceztiq,"It's the only game where i can survive shark attacks, crocodile attacks, comodo dragon attacks, bear attacks, tiger attacks, leopard attacks, even pirate attackes carrying machineguns, & yet get killed by a goat."
,Recommended,220240,12967489,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Joss,"We have a quick,snappy video review of Far Cry 3. Just likes and Dislikes:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFXscG6ljVwCheers lads"
,Recommended,220240,11292239,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Clossd,Burned down a weed farm while listening to Skrillex10/10
,Recommended,220240,10733591,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Popelking,Best Story Ever <3
76561198015927399,Recommended,220240,18261581,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Sanguinius Týr,"After really enjoying Far Cry and missing Far Cry 2 I stepped back into the series with the third instalment. I read a lot of good regarding FC3 and was looking forward to playing. So, what did I think?I really LIKE this game! Graphics are good and as far as the story goes, it's not that bad. Enough to keep you interested and keep playing. Combat is fun although at later stages becomes too easy once you've acquired all the weapons and perks. The addition of gaining tattoos, which grant new skills is a nice addition and one that, after playing so long made me want to get a tattoo!The car radio and other tracks are done very well. The music lends itself well to the terrain and the situation. The most memorable character has to be Vaas. Although not originally intended to be the games' main antagonist, I must say he fits the role as the arch villain extremely well.As good as this game is there are of course some negatives, but then most games do. The warning message that you're leaving mission area is so f**king annoying! I wanted to leave to sell what I had collected but couldn't until I finished the quest, but I had no room for the quest object. Sigh. Near the end of the game, you become rather powerful and as such the game becomes easy. Sometimes too easy that you just wonder why you're still playing.A good game, great combat and some nifty looking tattoos.7/10"
,Recommended,220240,10738243,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[GbtP] Bootsy,"I did one play through, got everything.No replay value.Never really thought about the game again.If it's on sale, $15.00 or lower, grab it.Otherwise, I'd have to say the game is, just okay"
76561198282148351,Recommended,220240,21363187,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Dungo,"I finished the game and after some time reflecting this is my review:Pros:- Gameplay was fun overall;- Nice graphics;- Hunting was intense, fun and rewarding (without potions);- If you are the type of player that likes to play stealth  you'll get rewarded (with extra XP);- The characters were in ""place"", they represent well what they were suppose to do;- Charismatic Villain ( Vaas);- Some fun side quests;- Large area to explore;- Treasure/ cards hunting ( they reward you with gold, lore and special weapons);- Mini puzzles to get to the top of the towers;- Nice Co-op;- Took me 25 hours to complete on normal and i didn't collect all the stuff and neither unlocked all the outpost/ towers.Cons:- Boring protagonist, pretty clichê (if you ask me);- The characters speak in combat therefore you'll miss what they are saying because you're focusing on the combat and you can't even ""replay"" or have a ""quest jornal"";- The story is confusing, and doesn't give much answers ( there is a interesting ""Symmetry Theory"" on youtube that can help you out), but still we dont know if thats the truth;- You can get all the upgrates from hunting on the first island;- After Vaas died the story became pretty boring and a ""standard shooting game"".- Hoyt was pretty hyped at the beggining of the game but we saw pretty much nothing of him;- On the second island you can just fast travel next to the main missions without unlocking any outpost/tower;- The missions were harder as the game goes on but even if you died you came back with the progress that you had unlocked, like that mission that you and Sam had to destroy 5 fuel depots, you destroyed 2 and died and came back with 2 already destroyed instead of totaly restarted;- Uplay can be a pain for some players;I  give it an 8,5/10I liked the experience of the game and I think you wont regreat buying it."
,Recommended,220240,7749754,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,An-D,"I got Far Cry 3 way after it was released, and I am actually sad that I waited so long.  This is easily one of the most satisfying games I've played.  The island the game takes place on is gorgeous.  The story is very engaging and it actually takes the time to build characters that you actually care about.  The combat system is very standard first-person shooter but at the same time, the huge world and semi-intelligent AI makes every raid on a location interesting and occasionally very difficult.Vaas as one of the villains of the game is just brilliant (in that insane kind of way).  Just seeing him in a cinematic always made me nervous.I loved every second of the game.I did not love the cassowaries.  Seriously, screw those things."
,Recommended,220240,8232915,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,TacoEOS,"This is absolutly worth the money, It is one of my top FPS's now. The singleplay is just too much fun. I loved the stealth aspect to this game, and that how i played alot, sneaking up on baddies stabbing them from behind! You can play this game however you like! Mulityplayer was pretty good to me since i play alot of CoD and BF, Buy this game, it will be well worth the money and there is alot of content in this game to justify it."
,Recommended,220240,22456573,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Zydeг,"Amazing Game!This game is based on a Island in the middle of the ocean, homed to a pirate army and 5 hostiges. It's the job of Jason to find them, and bring them home to saftey. This game will take you through the ages, introducing new Weapons, new parts of the map, and meeting new people who will help you on your quest to find Jason's friends, and to help him find and defeat the master of the Pirate Army.This game hasn't got the longest storyline, and I have got to about half-way through it, so I would suggest a full play-through of around 30hours or so. The graphics in this game are great, wtih realistic features and other great scenery available for your viewing while playing this game.Overall, a great and HIGHLY Reccomended game!"
,Recommended,220240,612248,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Tarynitup,"Coming of age tale we all know and love.  Set on an ethnic island full of culture, it just so happens to turn out that a rich, white boy is the undoubted savior of the colored people.  Thank you white man!!!"
76561198004858380,Recommended,220240,24201615,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Echo5Hostile,"Hey, only a few years late to play this game, but it is great other than having to use the uPlay client. Great game."
76561198129043381,Recommended,220240,24259563,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,X itsgeorge X (teaandtoast),ahhh i love far cry 3 the ghraphics the story the evreything definetly one to buy would definetly recomend getting.
76561198182228865,Recommended,220240,28696052,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lucius,This game was sooo hyped up and the main story was amazing but i wasnt happy with the end i felt as if it was rushed and that from now it could do with a pre sequel but overal amazing game and would reccomend
,Recommended,220240,697890,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,Semirotta,"Really good game, a lot of stuff to do. You won't get bored!"
76561198022646696,Recommended,220240,25031539,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Taire,I Loved the game on PS3 and I'm sure I would have loved to play it on the PC but it just wouldnt work for me so I had to refund it. It's an amazing game and for only 5 bucks right now you should get it. Hopfully it works for you.
,Recommended,220240,24833185,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,pyryharakka,"the game has awesome music, EPIC action and simple story which grows into something complex and emotional in the end. world feels alive, but lacks some variety and there are way too many sidequests and collectibles to find which feel like doing the same stuff over and over again. hovewer i enjoyed the heck outta the main quests and characters especially vaas. also the ending is just stunning 9,5/10"
,Recommended,220240,13792703,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,stop sending me memes ffs,"Single PlayerFar Cry 3's single player is immersive, and supports several playstyles such as stealthy and also loud and can be played either way and it will still be fun. This game incorporates a fun story into an open world very, very well with lots of side missions which are easily as fun as the rest of the game. Aside from the gameplay, the graphics are quite stunning aside from some floating grass occasionally.10/10 - Would be confronted about my knowledge of the definition of insanity again.MultiplayerFar Cry 3's multiplayer is a fun multiplayer that requires skill to not be killed and the gameplay is much more fun then I had originally thought from seeing footage. Aside from waiting in the lobby for an unbelievable amount of time, being shoved into lobbys at random and all, the multiplayer is good.11/10 - Would sit in lobby againAlso Uplay is required - but don't worry, Uplay isn't as crap anymore"
76561198067595197,Recommended,220240,10500704,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Firestorm,10/10 best game ever
,Recommended,220240,14149546,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lord Shadow Z,"This was the game of the series that I had heard the most about from reading reviews and whatnot. This is the first game where I’ve actually found real enjoyment from playing it and I’m so glad that most of my biggest issues with Far Cry 2 were extinct when I played this one. For once, I’ll actually be talking about how good the game is and just not relentlessly bash it.In this game, your character Jason Brody and his friends were on vacation and after skydiving over a random island get captured by natives/slavers. You escape and have to explore the island, rescue your friends, and help the natives, the Rakyat, deal with pirates. It’s a simple premise, but it definitely works. The island is beautiful. This is by far the best looking game in the series so far. It’s exciting to wander around seeing all the various plant life, the waterfalls, and everything else the island has to offer. It’s a gorgeous game.This is once again an open world shooter, which means you can approach missions however you like. Once the game finally gave me a sniper rifle with a silencer attachment, I was unstoppable. There are outposts you can clear of pirates all over the island, and for me, all I would do is snipe all of them and go undetected most of the time. Unlike the previous game, when you clear out an outpost, the Rakyat warriors move in and hold the outpost, and there will be fewer to no pirates spawning in the area ever again. This was one of my top 2 problems in Far Cry 2 eradicated. Awesome.The wildlife…what can I say? There’s a variety of wildlife that you can hunt, or be hunted by, for you to collect pelts to craft upgrades. The crafting system is pretty good, letting you create things to restore health, enhance senses to detect enemies or wildlife, increase ammo capacity, or carry more money. As for the wildlife, there’s goats and deer, as well as more exotic creatures like komodo dragons and tigers. Tigers are really annoying to deal with if you run into them a lot early in the game like I did, but it keeps you on your toes and keeps your twitchy trigger finger happy. If you feel slightly less adventurous, you can just hit the animals with a vehicle. This was the best method I found to reliably kill skarks, using the propeller blades of the boat to decimate them. I ended up getting most of my upgrades done pretty early in the story.There’s a couple types of side missions you can do, such as hunting rare animals, knife assassination missions, types of racing missions, and various others which I haven’t really tried. Aside from the hunting the rare animals to get all the best upgrades, I didn’t really bother with doing other side missions because they just weren’t all that interesting to me, and I got bored of them pretty quickly.There’s a skill system which is solid. You get xp from kills and missions and everything just as you would expect, and when you earn skill points from getting enough xp, you can put points into one of three skill trees to increase things like your survivability, how fast you can reload, boost accuracy, new types of takedowns, and all sorts of things. There are few skills I would call useless which makes deciding where to use skill points all that much harder.I think my only major problem with this game is that the stupid, inhumanly smart AI from both of the previous games is back, and god is it annoying. I tend to use weapons with silencers on them so that I can stealth kill from afar. Yet when I happen to miss a shot just barely, or even when I kill someone who was near another enemy, they know exactly where to look for me somehow. How? Do they just happen to automatically know the bullet trajectory? It makes sniping a little bit harder, and on one particular outpost, clearing it out this way was just impossible, and I had to clear out waves of reinforcements before finally claiming it for the Rakyat. Also, AI pixel perfect accuracy is still bull.Far Cry 3 is the game that finally gets me to genuinely like the series. The only real frustration I had was caused mostly by my own incompetence rather than bad game design, which is definitely good. It improves upon everything that made the previous two games unique and/or good, and for me at least, finally made the game enjoyable. Everything is better, the wildlife is a unique challenge at times, the story is interesting, and the game is just gorgeous.TL;DR Best game in the series so far, with few major flaws8/10Awesome"
76561198082192143,Recommended,220240,12974506,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Wu Tang Clan - Ghostface Killa,"By far the best animal abuse simulator i have ever seenso far i have run over a boar with a jeep, knifed some dogs and peacock looking creatures, chased a deer so far that it decided to commit suicide by swimming in the water and the best running over sharks and manta rays with a jetskiand i have only played it for a couple of hoursi would give it 10 dead sharks out of 10would buy again"
76561198003185311,Recommended,220240,8476743,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,End Mage,"For those of you who haven't played it, this game deserves hours of your life. I gladly spent hours of mine on the PS3 version, and have downloaded it on my PC to play through again on a harder setting and see the full potential of the graphics. This game is absolutely beautiful. The PS3 version had me impressed, PC has my mind blown. If you want to immerse yourself in a game that both feels and looks real, this is it. Graphics aside, the story starts you out on a skydiving adventure (no gameplay) that goes horribly wrong. You wake up in a cage with your buddy and have absolutely no idea what is going on, aside from the fact that some insane dude is talking to you from outside the cage. His name is Vaas, and you'll be working towards taking him and his regime down for the entirety of the game. He is one mental badass. The rest of the game involves taking over enemy camps, hunting animals, securing radio towers and powering them on which unlocks better weapons/ammo/attachments. There are various quests to do as well that will unlock things. It's a great set up, and you feel as though you become a part of the village you started in. I'd also add that the themesong is amazing and I have to listen to it more than once every time it comes on. There are some good songs throughout the game, but there's also the typical FPS-esque ones that drone on without any real melody. To me this game gets a 9/10. It's almost perfect. I cannot wait to see what Far Cry 4 is going to bring to the table."
,Recommended,220240,12934554,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,TakaraLay,Completeing stopped playing CS GO when I started this game. Too addictive
,Recommended,220240,7337720,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Lucifer,"Ребят,мне нравится играть в нее...только вчера купил)"
76561198206674788,Recommended,220240,33175858,Posted: 3 July,all,tumppi CSGOSMITH.COM,Really fun game even though i completed whole game with just 20 fps it didn't bother me cause the game itself was so good
,Recommended,220240,13953503,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Solid_Esh,A Masterpiece!! 100% recommended..
76561198096865520,Recommended,220240,10934152,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TriHard,Awesome game! Try it
,Recommended,220240,7923920,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,MOOnLight_2k,"Bought it only because of a big discount. Never sought I'd love it so much!I usually don't spend so much time on a single player game, but this one made me sit in front of my monitor for a long long hours like crazy. Sexy, truly French, story line, awesome graphics and extremely addictive sandbox are the main reasons to play it! ><"
,Not Recommended,220240,10845315,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,9/11,im sure this game is great BUT UPLAY OH MY GOD HOW DID YOU MAKE SUCH A BAD THING I ALREADY BOUGHT THE ♥♥♥♥IN GAME ON STEAM NOW YOU'RE MAKING ME PUT IN THE SERIAL AGAIN AND JESUS OF COURSE I DONT REMEMBER MY LOGIN INFO I NEVER USE YOUR BROKEN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥SERVICE THIS IS WHY PEOPLE STEAL GAMES ♥♥♥♥ ME FOR BUYING IT
76561198065800196,Not Recommended,220240,10263042,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,TOMAS,"The game is great, but there is this ubisoft. It is there for nothing. It would be much better if you can just launch the game from steam."
,Not Recommended,220240,10689674,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Western_Influence,"Uplay just ruined the game for me. I bought the game in Steam, installed Uplay, made a Uplay account, logged in once - then was told that I have to download the game again? So is said f### it, shut it off, and went to sleep. Since then all Uplay servers have been ""unavailble"" when ever I try to log in....Hey Ubisoft I just wanted to play a great game and now I can't because you've crammed DRM down my throat. Not cool, if you keep forcing DRM on people you'll just push more people to pirate your games rather than buy them and you'll end up like Sony - forever bleeding money like a dying whale. NOBODY LIKES DRM."
76561198030942079,Not Recommended,220240,11283969,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Babbity Puss (Mr.Fox),"It's all rather repetitive...and ubisofts ""Uplay"" buggy DRM donglicking crud can eat my sheit.....dont waste your time."
,Not Recommended,220240,10217513,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Laird Elgo,"Quite entertaining, but comes with Uplay./me vomit."
,Not Recommended,220240,10861746,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,J_Roll,♥♥♥♥ uplay... ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft for using u play... ♥♥♥♥ the creator of u play... ♥♥♥♥ his family... ♥♥♥♥ his dog... ♥♥♥♥ his mailman... ♥♥♥♥ u play i hope everyone that works for that company dies in a horrible plane crash... and burn in hell... because ♥♥♥♥ uplay
76561197988847420,Recommended,220240,26733530,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,"I'm Obama, Faggot",OBAMA SEAL OF APPROVAL
,Recommended,220240,10543495,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Eco Chocolatcchi,11/10 map editor didn't even install UPLAY gg.
76561197987673438,Recommended,220240,8678332,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Von Mäyrä,"Got to say Far Cry 3 is a brilliant package. Visually it's one of the most gorgeous games I've played so far. The tropical island is lush, appropriately has wild life here and there but not oversaturating the islands. Shooting and the hide and stabbing work satisfyingly well. Compared to Far Cry 2 the game has much more substance. There's much more to do in the open world and it doesn't feel so empty. Plus the driving, which actually in 3 is much more optional than in 2, has much more weight and is through that more enjoyable. There's a lot of good writing in characters, especially in the ""evil"" ones. But I suppose like with every open world game there comes the sense of repetition eventually. Focusing doing too many side quests and other side activities might make you a little bored after a while.I really didn't have any problems technically despite maybe a crash that happened once during the 18-hour playthrough but that's just really minor. If you've got the specs on your machine to run this game and you do enjoy a bit of open world FPS, can't say you're going wrong by buying and playing Far Cry 3. Unlike Far Cry 2 it's totally worth your time. It's a sweet piece of... smooth jungle beauty."
76561198065472560,Recommended,220240,6400142,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Sarcasticguitarguy,"A wonderful, spectacular game! play it now!"
,Recommended,220240,12031274,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,secretautobot,"buy this game,best far cry,11/10    ""like skyrim with guns"""
,Recommended,220240,10993069,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Stryker,"A very fun and entertaining shooter. Will get you 30+ hours of gameplay and is definently worth $30. Not only is the game itself fun, but the story is good too.The Co-op is also very fun, but the actual multiplayer isn't anything special.About DRM:The game coems with Ubisofts ""U-Play"", and while I agree with many other reviews that it is unnecessary, it isn't game breaking. When you play the game on steam it will open UPlay and you have to hit play once again through that.Basically, it's no reason to buy the game, play it for 0.2 hours and give it a negative review.f"
76561198049567342,Recommended,220240,10551270,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr. Sarcasm,Played this game twice and expected a different endingCall me insane
,Recommended,220240,13966093,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ReapsRO,"If you played any game in the series, or just wish to experience a badass FPS and story line. I definitely recommend Far Cry 3. It starts off a little slow, but once you get going, there's no telling what will happen next! The excitement is all there for you to behold, and take control of the map. Seize and capture outposts. And claim victory while you find your friends & family as a city boy gone ruthless hunter on an island with no laws! - @TasteyTV"
76561198073533977,Recommended,220240,11939248,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,styme3279,At the end you bang someone. 'nuff said
,Recommended,220240,10665187,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,๖KAMPFگCHWEIN 奮闘,"Only one word to describe that game ""VAAS"""
76561198082571861,Not Recommended,220240,12940738,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,J33nyus,Game: Excellent  Uplay: Sucks
,Recommended,220240,8276216,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,tea is smelly water,"Excellent game. Looks great on Ultra, but I didn't really notice much difference between Ultra and High. Then again, I may be blind. It's very fun to play, although Ubisoft have included their UPlay software. UPlay is required to play this game, although I don't see this as much of an issue as launching the game through Steam automatically launches the game through UPlay. It's very well set-up, and I would say it's very good performance-wise as console ports go."
,Recommended,220240,616005,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Cynyx,"Excellent FPS with an incredibly action experience in a well designed and beautifull island as sandbox playground.When you watch STEAM trailers, even if you have already finished it,  you want to play it again ;)."
,Recommended,220240,12997869,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Mxthe,"I really like Far Cry 3 for the world, the gameplay mechanics and the very fun missions.Roaming around these beautiful islands is truly an amazing experience, and it often feels more like an adventure game than an action game.However Far Cry 3 has a few flaws that bothered me, for one the Dubstep music that plays during the action, was really not a good choice for the setting. Maybe it was supposed to reflect the character's youth and style, but I didn't appreciate it.And the second thing are the characters, especially Jason's friends, who I just could not believe in. Although they tried to depict human emotions, everyone's purpose really seemed to be to push the story and the events forward. The only exception being Vaas, who not only makes up for all the remaining characters, but also ends up making the game itself something unique and entertaining.The last big flaw that bugged me, were the amount of collectibles to pick up in the game. Being a completionist, I just feel compelled to go and grab the little diamond boxes that appear on my radar, but there are hundreds of them absolutely everywhere, and it ends up feeling like a really annoying grind.It's true that some of them were placed in hidden areas, which made me actually visit and explore the game, but there were simply too many in the end.Aside from those 3 little gripes I have with Far Cry 3, I absolutely loved it."
,Recommended,220240,13851420,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,DrProblems,"I finally bought this during the 2014 holiday sale. I'm playing the hell out of Far Cry 3 and really enjoying it, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's completely indefensible. A real shame, because the game is really fun and well designed.Problematic themes and depictions include:A raging case of Last Samurai Syndrome. A white man comes to an exotic foreign world and is quickly adopted by the oppressed natives not only into their culture but as their savior, despite the fact that he knows nothing about their environment and has no applicable skills. We're supposedly a tribe of island warriors who've been living here since time immemorial but only you can save us, scrawny Californian douchebro who's never handled a gun before!As such, the Rakyat can't do anything for themselves. Only Whitey Samurai has any kind of power in deciding how the Rakyat fight for freedom. After the heroic white boy singlehandedly liberates an enemy outpost, a half dozen Rakyat warriors show up in jeeps to secure his conquest, AK47s at the ready, but they're only there for atmosphere. They're unable to take outposts themselves or even help the hero out. I know that having the player be the only being in the world with agency is a convention of open world games going back farther than GTA, but it's pretty ♥♥♥♥ed that these people literally have to wait around for the white hero to save them.Citra. The spiritual leader of the Rakyat is a colonial fantasy straight out of Victorian pulp fiction, the hypersexual female native drawn to the white savior, despite being surrounded at all times by hunky warriors from her own culture. Weirdly, she doesn't even look like she's the same ethnicity as the other Rakyat, who are supposedly... Polynesian? (The game never says exactly where Rook Island is.) Citra is ethnically unplaceable, and definitely has more ""caucasian"" features than the rest of her people, presumably to maximize her sexual appeal to the game's target demographic. Also, the warrior initiation ceremony of the Rakyat involves Citra straddling you while topless and grinding on your junk. Whoops, that was a spoiler, sorry.Dennis. At the beginning of the story, the white hero is rescued and guided by a magical negro witch doctor. Dennis has been adopted by the Rakyat years before, but is not worthy to be their savior himself. He can only assist our white hero, despite being depicted as much more competent and experienced.There are two enemy factions, the savage bloodthirsty ""Pirates"" and the professional mercenary ""Privateers"". The disorganized and drug-addled Pirates are all Afro-Caribbean, while the much more competent Privateers are (mostly white) Americans.The main bad guy is a white South African who is of course depicted as a genocidal monster. Poor Afrikaners, no other ethnic group is so easy to demonize in video games and action movies. It's not their fault that their accent makes them all sound like Bond villains.In conclusion, buy it cheap during a Steam sale, enjoy exploring the gorgeous world, the awesome stealth killing mechanics, and the wide variety of customizable guns, and shake your head at the tone-deaf racism."
,Not Recommended,220240,8150401,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,SolDol,totally hate the interface fro this game. feels like something from the 90s
76561197998925088,Not Recommended,220240,8255223,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Auspice,"This game has the typical flaws of a typical Ubisoft game.You are forced to install Uplay and sign up for a Uplay account. Yay more DRM.The gameplay is not immersive at all; the game stops at every moment to tell you that you're playing a video game, just to be sure. You have to fumble with menus to activate your buff syringes because you can only hotkey two (and one of those spots is usually used for special arrows).The plot is terrible and has some of the most infuriating occurrences of any story. In one hour, my character was knocked out no less than three times, two of which he was captured and executed, only for the character to live and come back to attempt to kill the bad guy again.If you're looking for an open world shooter, play a STALKER game."
76561197972190707,Not Recommended,220240,8470836,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Freeloader,"This game ruined my graphics card! I Had to buy a new one to make this game work, everything else worked with my old card but this game. Other than that the game looks good except the bloody komodo dragons.Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,220240,8165273,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,falo,Forced Uplay installation & registration followed by a long loading time.  The opening scripted tutorial piece is painfully slow and sometimes the scripting doesn't work.  Giving up.
76561198065049321,Not Recommended,220240,8171372,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[SDVG] Yellow Shenanigans,"screw this game wont even let me play. Uplay is terrible and i dont know why they even use it. who ever made it should kill them selves because it is the most in consistent peace of anul debris i have come across. if you buy this game and or anyother ubisoft game like assasins creed or far cry 4, then good luck because uplay well ♥♥♥♥ you right in your ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥, get you pregnant with it's turb babies and ruin your entire family blood line, destroying your family as we speak. it is a real shame that because far cry 3 is a very solid game that i could play for hours if i had the chance. but uplay has to be that one guy who comes to the party univited and ♥♥♥♥s all of your women (including your mum) and steals your tv and sets your house on fire. Thank you U-play"
,Not Recommended,220240,8479533,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,infant annihilator,"Honestly, the game was fantastic, but it forces you to use a service called Uplay by Ubisoft instead of steam to track achievments, play online, and launch the game. Like I said, I loved the game and wanted to get all of the achievments, but I couldn't even get my correct name in Uplay (Had to use R3idoon instead of Reidoon and I can't change it.)I'll never buy a Ubisoft game again until they either allow you to change your username or get rid of Uplay all together. Extremely dissapointed since this was just a good game."
76561198067851594,Not Recommended,220240,8162001,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,falling_walrus,"This game sucks so much. The whole Uplay launcher problem is breaking the game and my love of Ubisoft. Ubisoft, please fix the launcher!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,220240,8209064,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,✞HereticPunisher6969✞,I stole moeny to buy this game and it took it back #♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Not Recommended,220240,8214232,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,mafu,MEH
,Not Recommended,220240,8223994,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,rtukkers,"It is one thing to require internet to even play it in single player mode (♥♥♥♥ing Uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t). It is another thing if the servers are down; service unavailable, really?? If you want to have server ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to play offline, at least make it so you have a damn backup server!.Do I really have to download a crack to get this going, Ubisoft???Ignore the 74 minutes on record, internet is very poor here..."
,Recommended,220240,9989397,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Dozer,I love this game full of exciting gameplay Huge maps and intense Missions! 10/10 best adventure and sandbox game i played in a while
76561198011143515,Not Recommended,220240,8199265,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Itchytoe,"Boring, Tomb raider without♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198025364374,Not Recommended,220240,8477444,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,threedee,One word - uplay.
,Recommended,220240,27452396,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,odinoske,better then roblox and ♥♥♥♥rye for
,Recommended,220240,8736277,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Phantom,"I had a ton of fun playing this game, and it's probably my favorite in the series.However I do have a few complaints;- The second island is more of the same from the first island- Hunting becomes completely useless after you craft everything, and everything can be crafted on the first island- The voice acting is pretty bad, as is most of the dialouge in the side quests- The two major boss fights are nothing more than QTEs- The game also just kind of ends and it doesn't feel like it comes to any firm end(Ignore my playtime please, I had some sort of bug that stopped me from launching it through Steam so I had to followthese stepsto get it to play.)"
,Recommended,220240,26183755,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Astore,"And this is how you make an open world FPS game.Great storyline, well made characters, beautiful graphics (which my PC can actually run on High :D ) and so much to do. The atmosphere of this one is just right, my completionist senses are still tingeling, but I must... not...The weapon system is well done, and does also work on a controller, rather than mouse and keyboard and I encountered no crashes or bugs so far.Just a great game. Now I just have to find someone willing to play the coop missions with me.Completion time: 19 hours. Considered I freed the whole Island and revealed the whole map."
76561197967232347,Not Recommended,220240,8185127,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Talidos,"Very bland uninteresting game i dont understand how it got rave reviews sure it looks good but the story is bland and linear gameplay is repetitive and the people you're trying to save are annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.If your thinking of picking this game up DONT unless its on sale (Just go buy ""Red Faction:guerrilla"" its basicly the same game but better.)"
,Recommended,220240,8586267,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,fitzmouse,Super fun sandbox shooter.  Looks great on PC.
,Not Recommended,220240,7874694,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,rondfranks,"If I knew how much trouble this game was to load, and that it required UPlay I wouldn't have bought it."
76561198096956884,Not Recommended,220240,8162141,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SSadaTT,need key what can i do?
76561198044187136,Not Recommended,220240,8167224,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,clement,this game doesnt even start on my pc al i get is to stare at the laoding screen not even beying able to get to the menu of the game
76561198048310550,Not Recommended,220240,8190081,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Vexed,If i could play without uplay i would enjoy this! but as it stands i hate uplay!  so delete!!!Let us know on the game page before we buy!!  if we must use another shi--y steam wanna-be! waist of money-
76561197994954401,Not Recommended,220240,8244567,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mao®,uPlay? Why the f**k do I want more nosy companies knowing who I am and what I play??? Tired of being forced into giving up privacy just to play a f**king game.
76561198056868330,Not Recommended,220240,8700829,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Holy fucking shit its a movie,Snape rapes Gannondorf. Vaas never dies and constancy asks you what the definition of a good game is.
,Recommended,220240,8771770,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,QQ,+Jungle+True Sandbox+Vaas+Nice graphics+Craft system+Tons of weapons-Scenario(Script) is too stupid.-It reminds me Assasins Creed-Sub-antagonist (Vaas) is better than main antagonist(i   dont even remember his name)-Endings
,Recommended,220240,8001085,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Shadeball,"TL;DR- Far Cry 3 manages to improve on its predecessor without abandoning most of its basic mechanics. Does have a ridiculous plot that is terribly handled at the end.I had a love/hate relationship with Far Cry 2. I loved the weapons, the world, and the combat. But I hated the way the place was populated only by people who wanted to kill you on sight (except for in the closed cities). I didn't like the way enemies respawned automatically and the beautiful world was somewhat marred when I couldn't enjoy a senic boat ride without getting sniper fire, even though I'd crushed that outpost five minutes earlier. Unlocking weapons tended to be a bit tedious as well, though it was worth it to get some of the best ones. The mortar in FC2 is one of my favorite weapons in ANY game. It took patience to figure out, but once mastered it could be used to desolate an enemy encampment in dramatic fashion.FC3 keeps the nice variety of weapons, with the facepalming exception of the above-mentioned mortar. I guess it was unbalancing because of how useful it could be against outposts, but I still wish they had left it in somewhere. Vehicles are still fun, as are boats, plus handgliding is actually a bit more doable in this game- even useful when the game doesn't cheat and turn on the invisible walls for missions. Best of all, not everyone is out to kill you at all times. There are different factions in the game and only MOST want to kill you at any one time! You can actually see battles between the different factions where you can help one over the other. When you take out an enemy outpost, it stays down... unless you decide to revert them back to enemy control so you can have fun blowing them up again- a neat option by the devs to placate both sides of the 'respawning enemies' argument. Plus they've added carnivors. If you remember in FC2 they made some kind of hand-waving statement that they couldn't do that because it would wreck the simulation... or something. Well this time they said ""screw it, add more tigers!"" Bravo.There are a lot of gimmicks in the game. You can blow open the cages of conveniently placed animals to screw with enemies, use hand-gliders or zip lines that just happen to be near enemy outposts, or... all sorts of other stuff that sometimes gets a little old. But there's enough variety that the fun makes up for the head-scratching about why the redshirts don't learn not to leave a man-eating tiger around the middle of their base. There are plenty of unscripted surprises (the first time a croc tries to eat you, for example... happens to everyone) and the whole thing is just a fun romp. The plot... well, I don't really care much about the plot. They botched it a bit by having the sub-enemy be more interesting than anyone else in the game, and there's a lot of trippy psycadelic fight scenes. The free-form part of the game is the draw. There are some RPG elements that really don't need to be there and don't serve much purpose, other than to seemingly check off a box on the list of things every game is supposed to have... but it's not a big deal.Also a shame is the lack of a day-night cycle as in FC2. It worked so nicely and could have been used to great effect here with easier stealth at night and movement by day, or some other trade-off mechanic. Much of the plot is also nonsensical and a QTE torture scene is so hamfisted I had to roll my eyes when the protagonist looks at his hands afterwards. The whole plotlineis a contrived piece of garbage that could have been solved by your character or his combat-knife equipped buddy just killing the Big Bad who is sitting three feet away and jumping out a window... the same kind of thing you can do at every other part of the game that isn't a cutscene. But instead you have to wait until another QTE-ridden dream sequence... or something... to finish him off. Then have an awful on-rails sequence that, again, makes no sense and seems to be there just to annoy the player. Oh, and combine that with an escort mission. And the escorted person is a moron who seems to purposely get you shot down.The plot is a necessary evil. The way its handled is... well, an unnecesary evil. Frankly the entire last mission arc is crap. But FC3's island is worth the price of admission... maybe be smarter than I was and just ignore everything after the second island gets unlocked, plot-wise."
,Recommended,220240,22099457,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Rahul_t12,"Great single player and multiplayer. Coop public match has an endless loading screen so its useless but you can play private with your friends, Uplay isnt bad either connect you with alot of friends as you play and keeps you updated with their stats. So overall the purchase would 10/10 on sale as i got it for a couple of bucks where i live!"
,Recommended,220240,28807394,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,LenioCrimsonStar,"♥♥♥♥ing wunderbar... ja?D,:"
,Recommended,220240,12981745,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Hoàng,"Deep Story, Holy-Large-Open-World, the FPS gameplay is not bad and good-looking graphic.The only bad point is U_PLAY9/10"
76561198071771736,Recommended,220240,26399226,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ROBZ_UK,"In the past, Far Cry's vision of a first-person shooter RPG where you explore, master and then control your environment has always been more seductive on paper than any of its developers have managed to deliver on disc. Far Cry 3 changes all that. For me, this is the new apex predator of open-world shooters."
76561198016726179,Recommended,220240,8624074,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Demmon,yes !
,Recommended,220240,9372170,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,XCII,I loved pretty much everything about this game. The environment was absolutely beautiful so I enjoyed just exploring as much as the main story. The story was interesting and made you REALLY love or REALLY hate the characters. It's just a really fun game.
,Recommended,220240,15467406,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,ѡar★,Very good action game! :D
,Recommended,220240,15251826,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,heLix alt #0001,Awsome Game! Really Recomend
,Recommended,220240,12923817,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Erico,Buy it. Try it. Love it.
,Recommended,220240,9238957,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Kapatec,Very good game..
,Recommended,220240,13867505,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Hazmat☣,Do you know the definition of insanity? Insanity is not playing Far Cry 3 because it's one of the best open world fps.
,Recommended,220240,10143123,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,くたばれ (Fuk-Boy),"""Jason! WHAT IS THAT?! You must embrace the powah of the tatau!"""
,Recommended,220240,8016186,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,General William,"Needs more definition of insanity.  Far Cry games are pretty much the same: simple but entertaining gameplay that goes on for far too long.  Some of the characters are pretty interesting though, such as Sam and Vaas.  The in-game menu isn't particularly good, and, to make matters worse, Uplay is constantly in your face with meta-gaming.  I'm still not fond of needing another service, complete with high scores and friend tracking, just to play through the story.  If you're willing to put up with Uplay and this game is on sale, Far Cry 3 is worth checking out, but it's a fairly mediocre game overall."
,Recommended,220240,30309562,Posted: 3 March,all,Bryo,10/10
,Not Recommended,220240,8582870,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Sulemania,"While the gameplay could be entertaining at times, the story is unforgivably bad."
,Recommended,220240,13836875,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,SlaughterJoker,"Great gameplay, great environment, bunch of animals that are trying to kill you, great villian (Vaas), decent graphics.... If you dont own this, you should be ashame of yourself."
76561198356518327,Recommended,220240,31221433,Posted: 18 April,all,riding.with.gc,"i bought this game early january and im overall pleased.for a person who has completed the game i can say the story is great and the graphics are amazing. there are 2 huge islands you can explore so if thers anyone who is considaring buying this go for it. if your into crafting , customising , and surviving this game is for you. the game has two options for you-stealth or gunz blazing or be like me who is both. i have spent countless hours going through bases strying to be quite as possible. once you have completed the story there is plenty of side missions to do and you can also reset all of ur outposts (aka bases). lots of hiden places to discover. hope this is help full ;)"
76561198044877522,Recommended,220240,13679087,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Shimavitz,"♥♥♥♥, Uplay is a piece of crap. Good game,♥♥♥♥♥♥service."
,Recommended,220240,29567220,Posted: 29 January,all,Reptile,"This game is awsome. It has adventure, action, sad moments and awsome ones. Buy it, It's worth it, you will ot be displeased."
,Recommended,220240,28735040,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,「L33T」,Stunning graphic and good story line but multiplayer is already dead.9/10 It's worth it.
76561198139812048,Recommended,220240,10637524,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wat R U ? Casul ?,dis game is da best friggin game on da friggin planit                    very recomended                   i also punched a shark inthe face 11  /  10
,Recommended,220240,11309289,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,HaWKeR,epic game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220240,22187611,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,krn,"Fun game, Definatly recommend"
76561198052609674,Recommended,220240,22899940,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,dakky17,best game :D
76561198234398544,Recommended,220240,23747823,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Black Shadow™ ^^,This game is my favoriute shutter game of all time! 10/10. amaizing store and amaizing chapters.
76561198144793197,Recommended,220240,23977904,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Paul Walker,"The story is very good, a very vast map to explore, mechanics sometimes are glitchyI would recommend it if you like single player games"
76561198065643445,Recommended,220240,28986964,Posted: 3 January,all,SCREAM2NIGHT,Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change...Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change... That. Is. Crazy.
,Recommended,220240,28561766,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Bandai Namco Entertainment,"Where to begin?The game is made perfectly. Run Forest Run!We wanted to relax on the island? ♥♥♥♥ you in the snout ♥♥♥♥ing freak!All the characters are made with a bang! Then there are the crazy pirate, and a former commando, who dies first, beautiful girls. HERE IS macaque!You hear the sizzle? It's a snake! Shoot that thing!You are a powerful ninja assassin terminator, but you tore the dog plague. What a twist!Live, ♥♥♥♥, die, sniff, etc.This island - your feeder, and you are a predator!Only you will be able to kill all evil, liberate civilians and bring your family!Only you and no one else can do it!You do not believe my comment? Check yourself!Rate This Game:9.87529 out of 10 pirates"
,Recommended,220240,13309557,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Orange,One of the best games I've ever played in my life!
,Recommended,220240,18526936,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Scroobz of Lampius,"An enjoyable first-person shooter set in a beautiful open-world wilderness.In this game you will encounter a great antagonist, a disappointing boss fight, interesting character development and a lot of kick♥♥♥♥♥action.While some parts may be cheesy or rather silly, I enjoyed the story very, very much.It managed to hook me and immerse me deeply in it.Cons: Uplay / supporting Ubisoft."
,Recommended,220240,10012708,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,mcdonalds crytyping,like skyrim with guns
,Recommended,220240,9172639,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,AsY,"A great game! The story was pretty decent and the environments looked amazing. The world was open enough to be fun without being so large that you wound up hating it. I also liked having the freedom to choose between tackling an objective/outpost stealthily or just running in guns blazing. The co-op missions were pretty fun and challenging, but they are much more linear than single player and don't allow for any exploring as you play."
,Recommended,220240,9948492,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,windighost,Awesome game! Here are pros and cons.Pros:- Open world- First person- Storyline- Amazing gameplay/graphics- You can drive cars- Good cutscenesCons:- Uplay- Uplay- Have to play it on uplay- Uplay- Sometimes gives headaches- Only on UplayAlso Uplay.
76561198122424901,Recommended,220240,33179076,Posted: 3 July,all,GrizzleBurr,Yet another game where i had actually played first on Xbox360 back in the day. i had easily played through the campaign 3 or 4 times on different difficulties and also setting my own challenges. just like some of my other classic games i would reccomend this to anyone. the graphics havent aged that well but still very enjoyable and not something to be bothered about. story is amazing. top 5 for an interesting story with a basic plot. good enemys as there will never be another boss like vass. and good action scenes. 9/10
,Recommended,220240,4087421,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Woof,I seriously love this game although it doesnt have much replayability it definetly is one of the funnest games ive played in a long time
,Recommended,220240,12928352,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gr1mm06,"This game is amazing, the places, the characters, the gamplay, all details are really amazing.Extremly funny.Do it."
,Recommended,220240,6112642,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,1Skully1,"Great game, was impressed by how realistic the events are and how detail has been but into every part of this game, love it!"
,Recommended,220240,12937912,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tsukiyo Kaede,awesome game with a horrible uplay
,Recommended,220240,7742368,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Turnus,"A game that might be a satire on the disconnect between the events of a game and the story it's trying to tell. If that sounds too pretentious to you, it's also a brilliant FPS that sets you loose on an island full of awesome weapons, predator beasts, jeeps, boats, hangliders, tons of blood-thirsty enemies, and Vaas the lovable pirate king."
,Recommended,220240,10827502,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,twitch.tv/venomdancer1o1,good
,Recommended,220240,10507019,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Casoum,"Far Cry 3 is a great FPS with an open world, and have a nice 4player co-op.But it's require UPlay to play..."
,Recommended,220240,13115860,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Still here,"Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is?The definition of insanity is reading this review, over and over again, instead of buying the game.I like this game, this is a nice f***ing game.*Add to favorites*"
,Recommended,220240,22611520,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Poprin,"This is a great open world FPS with an engaging story and fantastic visuals. I found playing this with the controller to be a more enjoyable experience as a lot of the controls are clearly designed for use with the 360 pad. Especially the jumping stealth kills. Unlike many FPS games your character actually speaks and engages with the NPC's and environment which I find makes the game much more immersive. The game features a light RPG element with skill levelling, inventory management and crafting. All of which are done very well and don't feel tacked on or an afterthought.I have played this game through to completion, my only gripe would be that towards the end taking the final few enemy encampments and towers did feel like a bit of a chore. Early in the game it was all great fun but 30+ hours it does feel a bit like... not another flippin outpost!Overall I would class this game as a must play for FPS fans, it's a corker!"
,Recommended,220240,9047811,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,szpenio,AWESOME
76561198024015963,Recommended,220240,8762280,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Cool Smith,"Playing gameIn carDennis ring""Vaas is kill""""no"""
76561198285626225,Recommended,220240,33147710,Posted: 2 July,all,Isaacgraham1234,"Wow...I'd have to say this is the best FPS I've come across in a long time.Great storyline, great gameplay."
,Recommended,220240,7160989,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,SLOWION,Great game!
,Recommended,220240,14184738,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,R O Y A L E,"-Fall 100 feet, pulls bullet from arm. Falls 10 feet, dies.-Release your inner psyco by killing a bunch of Somali Pirates and German white men.-You meet a mentally unstable local who always wants to kill you.-you meet Buck-Driving is never as fun as hang gliding-Kill an animal, go to skin it, but your knifing either the ground or your leg-Finally, you have sex with a native9.999/10"
,Recommended,220240,8214842,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,jryan3242000,"This game is plain awesome, Its very rare when a open world game has a good storyline, yet this game has one of the best storylines i've seen. If you are someone like me who dosent like to do story missions to often and would much rather roam and explore, then this is the game for you. Annexing outposts ,finding hindden objects around the world , sloving radio tower puzzles, to even poker, and if you would mainly want the game for story missions, you will not be disappointed, by far one of the best i have ever seen. I would give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,220240,23625928,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Arsonist,"""Like Skyrim With Guns""IGN Reveiws...10/10"
,Recommended,220240,20518495,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,InterfaceAS,"Engaging story with extreamly exciting and wild gameplay. Sometimes the emmersive jungle was just a bit to alive because I more times than not got killed by a tiger, bear, or dragon. Kept me on my toes though. Stunning graphics and a decently sized map the doubles in size half way through."
76561198006066906,Recommended,220240,20518383,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pingping,"Probably the best open world game I have yet to play. Great story line, decent graphics, inventive/creative gameplay, diverse item system, well made missions (although some became repetitive). Overall a really well made game."
76561198138228758,Recommended,220240,23854144,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Raz0r_St0rm,"This game is a few years old so i'll go easy on it.pros:the freedom to play how you want to play. You can play stealthy or all out gun fire.fun campaignfun multiplayergreat hunting mechanics and craftingamazing graphicsnice sound designawesome villianbig open worldcons:stupid AImain character is not interestingthe friends you try to save are all idiotsthe writing is strange here and therethe game is more aimed at teenagers and is fun but the characters you save need further development. Overall, I recommend it to those who enjoy hunting, survival, first person shooters.8/10great!"
,Recommended,220240,914875,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,The Norwegian,"Holy hell the gameplay is so ♥♥♥♥ing satisfying I don't want to stop playing. Great characters, good stealth, enemy spawning is insanely much improved from Far Cry 2. It's actually fun to explore now. I've only played this game for 4 hours, but I can tell you righ now, it's more fun than most other open world games, like skyrim."
76561198069914548,Recommended,220240,10784711,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DarkNess,Dont buy ubisoft games thru steam atleast 2 of my friends and I cant play them they get stuck on the first loading screen called the help desk (they didnt help) they couldent even fix my other problem its like the guy didnt have any authority at all so uninstalled Farcry 1 2 3 and Blood Dragon wont be buying any games from ubisoft u-play can get ♥♥♥♥ed if your going to get a game that requires u-play dont do it thru steam cause u will have a bad day if ur unlucky too bad i cant play one of my fav games but iv had enough of this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,10874750,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hastur,"Got into a 15-minute long fight with a shark that kept killing me cause I wanted to duel it honorably, melee only.10/10"
,Recommended,220240,9114019,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,GrimReaper711,"What a mad adventure. This is definitely not your average shooter. As with the other games in the franchise, Far Cry 3 is an open-world RPG shooter. It follows the story of Jason Brody trying to save his friends from a group of pirates which have kidnapped them.The RPG apsect of things is great - it's not ""Put a point into a stat"" type stuff, but unlocking a skill tree which grants you the ability to do more things in the game. You also need to skin animals to create usefull items (which is a challenge in itself) and harvest plants to create various syringes which can be used to heal or provide temporary buffs.The game does feel a little ""grindy"" at parts, but this evens out the pace of the game and makes the story-driven sequences all the more enjoyable.Graphics 8/10  - Most of the game is apsoloutly gorgous. Motion capped voice actors make the animations look extremely fluid and realistic. Only loosing points due to a few low resolution textures here and there.AI 7/10  -  (I would say the AI is quite average)Gameplay 9/10  -  I think the gameplay promotes a stealth-like playthrough, but there is tons of room for people who like to run & gun their way through the game.Story 9/10  -  The story is interesting. There's going to be some things that people like, and some other things which people don't like.I highly reccemend this game."
,Recommended,220240,11157765,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Cashew,"If this is paradise, I wish I had a lawnmower"
,Recommended,220240,12065803,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,AlexyGalaxy,"Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change... That. Is. Crazy. The first time somebody told me that, I dunno, I thought they were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting me, so, I shot him. The thing is... He was right. And then I started seeing, everywhere I looked, everywhere I looked all these ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ everywhere I looked, doing the exact same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over and over and over again thinking 'this time is gonna be different' no, no, no please... This time is gonna be different, I'm sorry, I don't like... The way... You are looking at me... Okay, Do you have a ♥♥♥♥ing problem in your head, do you think I am ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting you, do you think I am lying? ♥♥♥♥ you! Okay? ♥♥♥♥ you!... It's okay, man. I'm gonna chill, hermano. I'm gonna chill... The thing is... Alright, the thing is I killed you once already... and it's not like I am ♥♥♥♥ing crazy. It's okay... It's like water under the bridge. Did I ever tell you the definition... of insanity?"
,Recommended,220240,15421018,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Me too thanks,Very good
,Recommended,220240,15458141,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ford Explorer //RUSTPO,I don't know how to burn weed right.....
,Recommended,220240,21508394,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,RebelsInc,Insanity: doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.
76561197993703405,Recommended,220240,11101627,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,UZI SUICIDE,"I'm glad I played Blood Dragon first, it helped with my strategy to know that it is important to spend time out early on in the game to craft bigger rucksacks and ammo holders, before the action gets too intense.  A lot of the money you will rely on is in the form of necklaces and trinkets, and you will get a full bag running around in the bush and end up dumping things you could otherwise sell.  Selling all this stuff is nice and easy thanks to the quicksell feature which lets you dump all the junk in one go, without needing to go line by line like dead island.  Also handy is the fill er up style ammo bulk buy, so you can run into a shop, sell all the crap, load up on guns, then get right back into it...Easy.The map is huge, theres load of dangerous animals and enemies to avoid or spread all over the beautiful landscape and the A.I. will kill you if you dont go in hard.  A game in the tradition of original FarCry, so beautiful and realistic you can almost smell the goats, and feel the tropical breeze.  I find myself holding my breath when diving under the oceans, this game draws you in.  Good story, well voice acted, and exciting action.  Regularly cheap on Steam sales, pick up the bundle with Blood Dragon and get ready for FC4 and BD2, out soon."
,Recommended,220240,29354329,Posted: 19 January,all,rêxðñ †hê mårk§måñ,One of the best game i have ever played. Play it and feel it
76561198057482188,Recommended,220240,9363347,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Reverud-san,Vaas Montenegro is the reason why you should get this game.I've never experienced a more interesting and clever psychopath in a game before.You also get to burn down weed farms....Tons of fun! :)
,Recommended,220240,13282629,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Contron,"Far Cry 3 is a mixed bag. I've enjoyed it thoroughly, but it seems to be one of those games which provides a lot of things to the player, but doesn't do any of them particularly well. I bought the deluxe edition version of this game for £5, so I'll happily admit that it's a steal; I do think it's been worth my money, however.Good pointsThe AI is much better than in Far Cry 2 - multiple playstyles are actually an option now, rather than being forced to go rambo for each of the outposts in the previous gameGraphical-wise, it is a very pretty looking game. The forests look quite lush and the upgrades to the engine help compliment this, even if the ambient occlusion seems pretty strong at timesThere is actually a story that you can follow this time. To me, Far Cry 2's story seemed pretty nonexistent, so this is a large improvementA much wider diversity of weapons compared to its predecessor, and the attachments and paintjobs let you customise firearms to suit your styleMuch of the bad points in Far Cry 2 have been addressed and built upon, for instance outposts respawning if you venture a couple of meters away and the driving physics is much betterBad pointsThere's only one environment in the game, and it's the jungle. I understand this was remedied in Far Cry 4, but it does make it slightly dull when the entirety of both islands are the sameOnce you've completed the game, there isn't much to do other than free the remaining outposts and complete the side quests - which personally, aren't that interestingOverall, I'd recommend you purchase this, but I'd wait until it's next on sale."
,Recommended,220240,13034800,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,NameNoMatter,"Nonserious review: Went flamethrower bear hunting. Died. 11/9Serious review: Far Cry 3. I've played Far Cry 2 before on Xbox 360 and liked it, but got bored since all the missions are essentially the same. Go somewhere shoot it up, occasionally die of Malaria. But this one I played every day since I had it download. Let's start with pros, neutrals, and cons.~Pros+Variety. The missions vary from hunting some animals to killing a bunch of dudes while ziplining to them, and trying to blow up a bridge with an RPG at the same time.+Graphics. Stunning graphics, even on the lowest possible settings.+Music. So much amazing music, specifically Beethoven.+GUNS! SO MANY GUNS! AAAAAAHAHAHHAAHHAHHAH!+C4. I could be registered with insanity the way I used C4. Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity, by the way?+Vaas. The big bad guy at the beginning. I love love LOVE his character. Too bad he dies. That's not a spoiler, we all knew it would happen. At least I'm not saying when.+Wingsuit. I'm not telling you about this. You get to find out on your own.+Vehicles. In Far Cry 2, the vehicles were smooth, but they were even smoother in this game.+Animals/Wildlife. So many plants and animals, ranging from Cassowarys, crocodiles, to bears.+Largeness. Agoraphobes would be terrified. I feel like I just offended a ton of people.+Other characters. All the OTHER characters are just so diversified. We got Vaas, the insano, Oliver the stoner, Nick the ""badass"" who really isn't at all. So diversified, I feel like that's the wrong term.Netruals:How hard it was to get the lowest possible settings. I had to look up so many tutorials to get to this, but in the end, I got a smooth 10 frames. Look, it's smooth in my eyes as long as it doesn't stutter. I GREW UP ON CONSOLE STOP JUDGING ME!Cons:-Jason Brody. Jason starts off as a cowardly whimpering baby who can't stand even an evil person dying, which I liked, but later on becomes insane and likes killing, which I don't. He starts out saying, ""Oh ♥♥♥♥! He's dead!"" to, ""HE'S MOVING! BURN HIM, PUT ALL THE EXPLOSIVES ON HIM, MAKE SURE HE'S DEAAAAAAAD! RAAAAA BLOOOOOOOD!""-The endings. At the very end you have the left click option and the right click option. They both give seperate options. Nothing that happened before matters, just which button you click.-OH GOD NO! I'M REMEMBERING THE BOSS FIGHTS! GAAAAH. But seriously. The boss fights, which luckily there are only 3 of, are QTE's not including Vaas. Vaas is different, which I like.-How hard it was to come by money. I didn't do the sidequests during my campaign play, so it was super hard for me to get money, which I needed.-Uplay. 'Nuf said.So, in the end, was it worth the ten bucks getting the Far Cry Franchise Pack? Absolutely. Is it worth whatever it's priced at? Definitely. What would I rate it? 9/10. Yep. I liked it that much. BY THE WAY UPLAY NEEDS TO♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF!"
,Recommended,220240,15112290,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Dubtack,"Price Aquired: $7:49 during Winter sale 2014I picked up this game after playing Far Cry 4 on the PS4. I was impressed with that game and wanted to see what else the series had to offer. I was very very surprised because in my opinion - Far Cry 3 blows Far Cry 4 out of the water. Since I've purchased Far Cry 3, I haven't played 4 at all because 3 just...feels better.The game does a great job of setting up the story in the opening, and I became invested in the characters very quickly. The main character, Jason Brody, is on a mission to rescue his captive friends after they became stranded on a jungle island following a skydiving accident. This is a really compelling mission, and I, as the player, felt really motivated to save them.I'm not good at starting and finishing Single-Player campaigns (the last one I finished was The Last Of Us Remastered over the summer), but I was hooked into this one from beginning to end.The gameplay is very fun and feels very responsive. Seeing how many guards you can silenty snipe before they alert the rest of the outpost is intense and rewards smart playing. There are plenty of customizable weapons and I always felt like I had options. There are many fun weapons as well (namely the Flamethrower).Gunfights are fun and feel fair. I was rarely frustrated (except for the damn heavy soldiers).Anyone who is worried about missing elephants and other improvements from FC4, don't be. I didn't miss them at all.The ONLY negative thing I have to say about this game is the occasional overuse of ""trippy"" drugs. The island natives occasionally give drugs to Jason to make him realize things from their perspective, and they lead to many many cool hallucination sequences. However they end up using this effect in a boss encounter or two and it takes away from the satisfaction of the fight. I would have preferred if they stuck to the realism a bit more in the boss sequences.I highly recommend this game if you like FPS games, games with a good storyline, or wanna see what the Far Cry franchise is all about for a good price."
,Recommended,220240,30733172,Posted: 25 March,all,Rale,"Pros:- Very long campaign (took me about 16 hours to complete)- Wide variety of weapons- Beatufiul graphics- Stealth works great in this game- Map is HUGE- The story for the campaign was very good- Campaign missions aren't repetitive- Game is optomized really well (it runs on my 2012 laptop with no dedicated graphics card and a core i5 @1.7ghz) at 40ish fps- You don't have to spend hours grinding to level up/ get cash/ get better itemsCons:- NoneThe only things I could wine about would be that you have to have Uplay to run the game (which is free to download and pretty easy to use), and that the achievements for the game are through Uplay instead of Steam.This game is beautiful. The graphics are amazing (even though I was playing on all low settings), I can't imagine what the game would look like on extra. The scenery in this game is so beautiful. Especially if you climb a radio tower, the view is just breath taking. The enemy AI in this game aren't stupid either, but they aren't too smart either. It was a pretty good balance. Also the map is very very big. It would probably take you around 15-20 minutes to get from one side of the map to the other on foot.If you're thinking about getting this game, you should. It's worth the money even if it's not on sale. I give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,220240,13779097,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Rex,"Great game. Just completed it, owned it in Dec 21, 2014 but just didn't like to finish it, was addicted to MP :pI don't understand the point of those angry reviewers, just because you have to launch the game VIA uplay makes it bad? No.They're  just trying to bait you for rate ups.Listen to me buy this game (on sale :P) and play it."
,Recommended,220240,26527705,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Thebigmob,"Far Cry 3 is one of the best Shooter i have ever played. A good example for Open World well done. The A.I. is not the smartest but it's made for some LOLZ moments. The soundtrack is amazing and the Story is Simple but Good!I highly recommend that game. Great fun! 9,5/10"
,Recommended,220240,13089205,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Z A M O X .,"Not going into details, but it is a great game. Any player will be easily entertained for hours."
76561198091135788,Recommended,220240,33591595,Posted: 16 July,all,Bossgamerjesse,"I have to say, it was better than I expected. I loved Far Cry 4 (it was very very good in my opinion) and I thought this one  would be not as good. But I was wrong. The story and characters are amazing. I'll admire vaas untill I die. What a badass mothaf*cka. The game setting fits perfectly together with the characters and storyline. The gameplay is exactly the same as far Cry 4 which I really liked. I hope Far Cry 5 will still be the same as these games and won't be like GTA. That's at least what the rumours told me. BTW It's definitely worth your money!~9/10~ A must have"
,Recommended,220240,13160962,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,soggy,Got the game for the map editor.Map editor is pretty cool.Still haven't tried the actual game yet.
,Recommended,220240,14022279,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Nut,Great Game not much different from Far Cry 4 except the graphics mostly. I would recommend playing this game if your into open world games with guns!
76561198079533198,Recommended,220240,28780789,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DumpsterDolphin,"Pros-Graphics.Open World.Music.Environment.Game play.Hunting.Cons-Jason is the king of one liners.The Rook island is such a beautiful lush environment where anything can happen. One minute you are walking through the jungle, the next a pack of dogs are kicking your♥♥♥♥♥ The jungle is alive, The AI talk to each other and greet you as if they were real people. Which makes the game feel that much more alive! Taking bases has got to be one of the funnest aspects of the game. If you want to go in guns blazing you can, if you want to be a stealthy assassins and pick people off one by one you can! The hunting is also enjoyable I liked getting different skins to craft different bags, holsters and rockets. The villians are amazing in this game you almost don't want them to die. Besides Hoyte screw him...This game is very fun. I've played it through twice already and still find things to do. Ways to explore. The down side to this game is definitely Jason He never really says much to make you want to like him.  I like the other characters more than him.8.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,8904483,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Toxic League,"Far Cry 3 provides an epic story about a friendly vacation gone wrong. Jason Brody is your typical youngster who's only care is to party hard, but circumstance force him into a situation where this boy must jump on the fast path to manhood.The graphics of Far Cry 3 are simply stunning. This latest edition goes back to its original roots of lush island landscapes. The scenery is fantastic. As day changes to night and the rain starts pouring down, it provides a sense of realism that is rarely accomplished in many games today. Characters are amazingly detailed and the interaction with them add to that sense of realism. Vaas and Hoyt are two sick son of a ♥♥♥♥♥es that keep tensions high and continually throw unexpected twists your way. The different variety of vehicles like hang gliders, jet skis, and dune buggies make exploration fun, while sprinting is fast enough that it provides a reasonable alternative to using vehicles at all. The large variety of weapons allow for a full range of games styles, from stealth play to I'm here to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up. I actually played very stealthily in the early parts of the game as the bow and arrow was probably hands down my favorite overall weapon, but later on I just overpowered my opponents with sheer firepower. I found both methods equally satisfying.Side missions are initially fun, but ultimately become repetitious after a while because they don't offer enough differences. Liberate enemy camps, expand your overall field of vision by claiming back radio towers, assassinate key figures, and hunt wild game. Hunting and skinning animals is necessary to upgrade your standard equipment. It goes well with the island paradise and doesn't heavily disrupt from the primary story.Three categories of character skills are available to promote stealth, firepower, and survival. Missions reward stealth gameplay with more XP which I don't necessarily agree with because it tends to steer your gameplay in that direction. I was able to unlock all available skills by the story's end. There's also crafting of drugs using flowers collected which can increase various attributes for a limited time.I found the menu system to be the weakest part of the game. It feels overly cumbersome since you have to escape out of the game to craft syringes or use skill points. It just doesn't feel like it was integrated well overall.All-in-all, Far Cry 3 represents a really fun open world first person shooter. Single player is genuinely fun, but I have yet to play the co-op or multiplayer elements."
,Recommended,220240,4899784,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,¨°º®SUSL®º°¨,"Игра меня поразила. Ни одной минуты нельзя проиграть без укуса, стрельбы, бодания, толкания и кидания в вас чего нибудь. Пространство игры большое, полностью свободноые действия, даже после конца игры. Сюжет замечательный, графика отлична, выбор концовки присутствует, как и сетевая игра вместе с друзьями или против них. Совеетую для любителей шутеров и *екса от первого лица О_О. Короче, игра стоит того....моих...800 рублей..., да ладно, я рад, что потратил их) (9/10)."
76561198251533580,Recommended,220240,22170729,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,RockStarWolf14,Vaas is a badass
,Recommended,220240,20633534,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Turkey,fun game and  you just want to explore and get free guns by the radio tower. :)
76561198159007633,Recommended,220240,34026637,Posted: 4 August,all,solomite,absolutely perfect
,Recommended,220240,3621902,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Grimbo,"It's like Skyrim, but with guns..."
76561198017248667,Recommended,220240,12943166,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,=DI= S4NDM4N,Great Graphics and single player. Mediocre co-op. Great multi-player but far too many cheaters.
,Recommended,220240,7871663,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,standardman,A thrilling theme park for which the missions are the dull queues.
,Recommended,220240,11865580,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Fishbus,"Pretty fun game.But lol if you can play this game without shouting ""death to america"" a few times. Who are these horrible young whiny rich idiots and why should I feel empathy for them at all? How is my cowardly character suddenly gains 100x more experience and combat experience than his brother who died by thinking he's safe by getting literally 4 feet outside the camp?dumb dumb dumb!"
76561198084763554,Recommended,220240,11842159,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Foghorn Pimphorn,Kill people and take their stuff. Sell their stuff to buy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Kill things and take their skin. Make♥♥♥♥♥♥with the skin. Most the npc's look the same. All the dead npc's are the same.  Best feature is the gun camo. I like the gun camo. COD has gun camo. FC3 gun camo is better. Gun camo in FC3 is already unlocked and all costs the same. Can't go wrong with gun camo. Get this game and when you get a gun get gun camo. #GunCamo
,Recommended,220240,22061497,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Toonistix,"I love this game!! Here you go, recommended button.Things I like+ Great graphics+ Variety of animals+ Vast area of exploration+ Great voice acting+ Wonderful story and ending+ Vaas (lol ..)Things I don't like- Challenges are almost the same- Vaas **** too fast"
,Recommended,220240,21083399,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Prolapser,"I finished the game. I bought the game during a Steam sale. I definitely got a bargain and I highly recommend this game.I was pleasantly surprised that Far Cry 3 drew me into the story and sandbox game features. Although the ""trippy"" stuff was annoying, I could see the need for these ""trips"" to add to the story development.Some spoilers:- The radar towers were like jumping puzzles. Each unique, but not too crazy.- The safari hunts were interesting, albeit annoying. Bow and arrow to hunt down 1-shot kill tigers was irritating. At least rare animals could help build your character carrying capacity.- The combat was flexible and kept me interested. All of the camps/compounds were different in their own way. The takedown sequences were difficult to navitate due to guards no cooperating with my rock throwing. But overall, one of the best tactical semi-stealth combat games I played in a while.- Driving is fun and the terrain challenging.- The weapons were good, although I would have liked more silencer-type weapons near end-game."
76561198257311147,Recommended,220240,32740607,Posted: 24 June,all,Triple K Ranger,white rich kid becoming rambo
,Recommended,220240,21749279,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Send Nudes!!!,"nice story, nice gameplayi dont have any problem with uplay,"
,Recommended,220240,27041212,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Volomus,Great storyline and open world game. One of the best in the series in my opinion!
,Recommended,220240,11409070,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,The Cornflakes Homunculus,"This game is freakin' FANTASTIC. If you are into the idea of surviving on an island where everything wants you dead, where you have to evolve from a spoiled American kid into a true warrior surviving in a wartorn jungle while saving your captured friends from a deranged crimelord, then this is the PERFECT game for you.The soundtrack is amazing. The dialogue is awesome.Uplay is kind of a pain, but all in all? In a world filled to the brim with stupidly bad PC ports this game ran virtually FLAWLESS for me. 10/10 will play again"
,Recommended,220240,34527527,Posted: 27 August,all,BullitPoint,"Contrary to most of the games I play, Far Cry 3 wasn't one that I enjoyed on my first playthrough. Yes the characters (all except for Jason Brody and Citra) are easy to get attatched to, but after my second playthrough I have to say that this game is very close to being a masterpiece.Story means a lot to me in a game, and I can confidently say that this does not dissapoint.... for the most part. You'll see what I mean if you play the game (hint : Vaas). It flows properly and depending on which ending you choose, poses some interesting questions about our existance as humans. Should we choose to do the same thing over and over again and be expecting changes, or change and force the world to bend and accept us?The shooting mechanic, although slightly repetitive and challenging at times to the point of frustration, is fun, and flashy.Conquering the radio towers is fun and addictive, and the animations of climbing in and out of things, jumping into water and jumping over obstacles are impressive and immersive.I'm not one who likes open world games too much, so after I completed the main storyline and completed a few sidequests, I ended my experience.TL;DR : A great game for those who love action/adventure/open world. If you can get it on sale, do so."
,Recommended,220240,8982455,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,”-CoCo(☠)NuT-”,Good...
,Recommended,220240,9622508,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Papa Hance,We spent the entire game worrying about how to escape to island when there are armed military boats everywhere.10/10 would burn everything again.
76561198067219591,Recommended,220240,9735824,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Kudo,Best FAR CRY Game SO FAR!!!!
,Recommended,220240,9739377,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Reezy,"Got kidnapped, escaped, killed some deer, then got eaten by a crocadile. We had a good run."
,Recommended,220240,9815698,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Troll Under The Bridge,"This game is one of the true cases of real freedom. Not just because it's open world. Not just because ther's lots of things to shoot. And not just because if you get bored you can hurl yourself off a cliff. No, the devs of this game really went the extra mile.For example, the hunting. Yes, you can slowly sneak up on deer before blasting it with a shotgun (if you're boring), or you can grab a flamethrower and molotov cocktails, light a section of forest on fire, and when a bear or pig runs past you trying to escape, you can stab it multiple times in the back.Also, there's a lot of side quests. From finding a missing suicidal teen to seeing how many komodo dragons you can kill with one clip of pistol ammo, there's always something to keep you busy. Also, certain non-essential tasks can help you in the long run. Sure, it may seem boring to climb various towers to reactivate old cell phone beacons, but it'll all pay off when the air fills with smoke and you can still see every one of the dudes you are about to terminate.Which brings me, yes, to the combat. The combat in this game is fantastic, and filled with variety. You can rip a dude's neck out and leave him out to be discovered by already terrified pirates; you can lure over a pack of wild dogs and let Mother Nature do the work. Hell, you can just run up to a guy and beat him over and over with a blowtorch, until he either dies of trauma or lights on fire.A personal favourite of mine was to kill a helicopter pilot while he hovered over an enemy outpost, causing the vehicle to spiral out of control, crushing both the pirates and presumably two or three tigers.Overall, this game gets a solid plus. It's Rambo, Terminator and Tomb Raider squished into one, and I love it.God help me, I love it."
76561198090362958,Recommended,220240,9582113,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Sphinxer,Got to be one of the best games i have ever played!
,Recommended,220240,9630316,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Alexander*,A huge and excitingly rich open world.
,Recommended,220240,9739374,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,FreebirdTHB,"Excellent, Single player      9.2/10Multi-player                        9.6/10Co-op                                 9.8/10As with any game it's always a little bit better at 75% off.If nothing else put it on your wish list til it's onsale, you won't be dissappointed."
,Recommended,220240,9768805,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,The Man Who Burns Fire,The game was dope.The roaming was fun to do. I just wish they was a back store to the plot. Like a rise to a empire status.
,Recommended,220240,9798958,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Moltenn,Awesome game!
,Recommended,220240,9872889,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Shekel,"Great game! I don't usually like story modes of games, but this one is captivating!"
76561197969547636,Recommended,220240,9733755,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Rue,"Far Cry 3 is an outstanding example of open world game design. Fuctioning both as a great shooter and a competant stealth game, it constantly finds new ways to excite and surprise you. The story can be hit or miss but it gets the job done. And really, when you're setting pot fields ablaze with Skrillix blaring in the background do you NEED to know why?"
76561198032015861,Recommended,220240,9810287,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Spacker,"Far cry 3 is a very good game in general and you can visibly see all the good game design decisions.Its setting is a strong point- showing off just how well the developers worked to create a living-breathing environment that you can become completely immersed in. Graphically, it is very aesthetically pleasing but can be very taxing on older machines.Gameplay-wise it mostly fluid and intuitive, with a good, solid movement system and shooting mechanics designed for fast paced but skillful shooting. However it came become a pain to quickly move in and out of vehicles and healing yourself can become a serious pain.Few games can claim to have a story I've given 2 half-baked waffles about but Far Cry 3 has quite a good story. With engaging charater arcs and plot twists that twist the plot for once. The story is all very tight and works well with the rest of the game.However, while I don't want to spoil the ending too much, it's one of the only parts where the game lets itself down.The final mission of the game is split two ways - Flying from the enemy base in a helicopter to 'Ride of the valkyries' in an epic mounted turret section- then going through some boring tibal love drama nonsence. Then you pick if you want to be with your friends and escape or with Citra- the tribe leader. Its a sort of moral choice sequence with no moral choice. The 'friend end' is the only real end as the other one just ruins most of the stories believeability."
,Recommended,220240,9018619,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Raduki,It's like Skyrim with guns
76561198076130895,Recommended,220240,9587593,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,TheAllegator,great game. worth buying.
,Recommended,220240,9621432,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,DRITZZ ZARCON,"Played through the game, excellent all round, good visuals, great audio and nice story. Much better than Far cry 2i in my opinion and well worth the price on steam"
,Recommended,220240,9858590,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Mi.Amas.Sienco,"Far Cry 3 definitely had some good things going for it, but it still was not without its faults.  Combat was fun, stealth play was done well enough for those that enjoy it, and I loved the open world.  Oh, and of course, the RPG elements were a welcome addition, even though choice is limited to unlock order and I reached the level cap well before the end of the game.  Unfortunately, enemy A.I. was mediocre, and when it came to stealth, enemies seemed either virturally blind or able to see through cover, depending on their type (pirates (red) v. privateers (yellow)).  Oh, and the boss fights kind of sucked.  My biggest complaint, however, would be that the game had a lot of filler content (Trials of the Rakyat, Tower Unlocks, Outpost Cleared, Supply Drops, Path of the Hunter Missions, Wanted Dead Missions, Letters Found, and Relics Found).  It was fun at first, but by about half way through, I was just doing that stuff to get the unlocks & experience (and because I'm kind of OCD about that kind of stuff).  It just started to get old by the time you've hunted down the 120th relic or did the 23rd Path of the Hunter.  I guess that's better than a short game or an empty world, but I would have like to have seen more variety with this content -well, assuming it was done well, of course; most of the side missions, were already rather forgettable.  Story missions, on the other hand, were varied and quite fun.Overall, I'd recommend the game, especially if you can pick it up for cheap during a sale.  Combat is satisfying, the story missions are fun, and unlocking new weapons and abilities changes things up and helps to make you feel like a badass.  The a.i. could have been better and the filler content gets a little old after a while, but then again, you can always do as little or as much as you like.  I also had a few other minor gripes (like the ease at which to take fall damage, crappy inventory system, many npc's looking the same, etcetera), but I don't think they detract enough from the game to warrant getting into.  7 out of 10 stars."
76561198061929399,Recommended,220240,9869138,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,The Chosen Juan,"If you are into scripted events and sequences, eye-candy environments, ""push this buttom and do something very cool"" stuff, this is for you.If you like difficult gameplay, challenging AI, true free-roaming sandbox kind of games, you could give it a go, but it won't be your favourite game.I felt rather underwhelmed, the so-many-things-to-do (tm) felt for the most part meh, and walked around with way too much money, ammo, and weapons which I never felt I had to work hard to get.Still, I do recommend it because it's so pleasant to drive old 4x4 vehicles around the islands and to run wildlife with it."
76561197968296952,Recommended,220240,8960845,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Gepeto ,"By Far the best FPS I have ever played. Entertaining, fast, thrilling and so much fun !Anyone who likes FPS should get FC3..."
76561198049089657,Recommended,220240,9024736,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Venim85,All you do is clear encampments of bad guys wearing red or hunt a few animals in a pack. Not much diversity like Skyrim. Also the main character's voice acting is annoying. He sounds like he has throat cancer.
,Not Recommended,220240,18801771,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,☭TuzGOD☭,Moneysoft PresentsAssassin's Creed: Far Cry
,Recommended,220240,6868420,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,Pankzey,10\10
,Not Recommended,220240,8512187,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Fossilfern,"The definition of the word Chore. The game gets very, very repetitive and is really dull. It trys to take itself seriously but turns out to be laughably embarasing, I got about half way through the game and stopped it was a chore to play.The stand alone game Blood Dragon is a million times better than this game and having 'FarCry 3' in its title does no favours for that stand alone game.I hope the next FarCry will be better but the main games never have been good.Get Blood Dragon if your torn between the two games."
,Recommended,220240,14030595,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Marcelus,"One of the best FPS single player campaigns I've ever played.Pros:- Very comfortable gameplay. Aiming, running and crouching transitions feels smooth. Stealth is one of the best parts of the gameplay for me. The FOV works better than other games.- Melee kills :D- The islands and the variety of environments, caves, interiors, exteriors, on the sea, on the air etc.- The vehicles, the fauna.- The tagging system and the multiple approaches to one situation. Curious how much ""MGS V The Phantom Pain"" ripped of even from the UIs.- 38 main missions.- Hard mode is well balanced if you like stealth.- Vaas Montenegro, Sam Becker and the other characters. There're no tons of cutscenes but you feel every single one of them had some good moments.- Apocalypse Now references and of course ""Ride of the Valkyries"" haha! (now I wanna play Blood Dragon again!)- I find the voice acting very well done and natural for the situations each character goes through- Visually it looks amazing for its time and even for today's standards. Again...the island the vegetation etc...The character facial expressions are the bests from all Ubisoft games. Even secondary NPC's have good care in details and it's nice the few different kind of shaders like the glossy ones for eyeballs, the more anisotropic looking for hair, bamboo etc and the standard ones. About Ubisoft...personally I hate the work about this aspect in Assassins Creed games. Of course is a different team but a different engine. In this case Dunia Engine 2 which is very optimized and works outstanding.It's not a con but...The only bad thing that looks completely horrible are the cloud and atmospherics facing camera sprites. The can turn 180° too easy if you break its axis.- Every time you take a screenshot DOF bokeh looks natural (one of the few games did this on the 7th gen).-  Oh! I forgot the OST  with In-Game tracks from Die Antwoord, M.I.A., Skrillex and Noisia, Losers and The Glitch Mob for the trailers among others. Also the incidental tracks are outstanding. Another good one ""I'm Sorry"" by Brian Tyler.- Now that I play all Far Cry 3 I can say the game is not that far from the retouched screenshots Ubisoft always make public before releasing a game (without mention the E3 demonstration)Cons:- It rainned only once during my whole playthough.- I would love to had better side-quests. They're not bad but more of those related to the main campaign.- Who mapped the skills upgrades button to a ""double click""? I thought the entire game skills were blocked and I ran through all the mess of explosions and bullets with only two health bars xD...in hard mode... OK, OK...mostly my mistake!- SPOILER ALERT! Killing Vaas before the end of the game and the lack of a cliche twist about him.- I can't confirm this but people say multiplayer is not that good.Is just will say that this game is very valuable.Don't miss it!"
,Recommended,220240,27860804,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Tyrion,"To me the Best Game is Far Cry 3, thanks to my friend Salman.it was my first open world game and I really enjoyed this one. 2014 was the year when I played this masterpiece for the first time- credit goes to my Potato PCI completed the story almost 5 times, using this acc 2 timesmy ratings:Story: 9/10Graphics and Gameplay: 8.5/10Vaas: 11/10Overall: 10/10 <my most favorite game ;) >"
,Recommended,220240,27250029,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MEV,"One of the best FPS games! World, gameplay, story, antagonist! Everything is just great!!! Do not MISS!!! I Love Steam and I hate Origin and Uplay, but I steel got all of the achievements. Cus THIS GAME IS WORTH IT."
,Recommended,220240,35320940,Posted: 29 September,all,Berdy Ehrenhaft Krieger II,"Far Cry 3 is unlike anything I've ever played before. It forces you to make only the important decisions, and its story is rich and nurturing. It has so many mind-boggling ideas and things in it. It showcases crazy and demented people of money, and in the end,you can choose to stay in the jungle as a warrior, or leave with your friends and leave the bloodshed at that island.TL;DR, 10/10. Amazing game. Mind-shifting, mind-twisting, invoking, and much more. It is just... amazing."
76561198343660546,Recommended,220240,35198864,Posted: 25 September,all,mztp25,10/10. The ending left me sad though
,Recommended,220240,10924187,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mr. Pink,An experience worse than malaria.
76561198055473075,Recommended,220240,11265968,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Old Daud,you get to see Vaas pole dance and if that doesn't make getting this game worth it idk what does 10/10
,Recommended,220240,7918876,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,voomba,"Apart Uplay annoyance and a lot of ""Downloading online data"", ""updating uplay"" and ""sinchronyzings"", this is a good game. At first time I thought about buy Deluxe edition, not for advanced weapons unlocking, but because I like to get game extra contents like soundtrack. But after visit game forums and knowing lot of people having problem with deluxe key activation or access deluxe content, I thought again and got the standard version just to avoid possible problems and frustrations.About Uplay, it's very annoyance, even it works for me until now, I didn't like that. Because this I have no plan to buy another game that uses uplay. Sorry Ubisoft, your games are great, but you need to improve your uplay/drm.If you're thinking about buy this game, it's a great game, it's worth specially if the game is on sale. But I recommend you visit the game forums first, cos' it seems lot of people have problems related to uplay, key adctivation, deluxe key and content.The feature of ""save game"", also, doesn't work well, or at least doesn't work as expected, or as work in other games.Far Cry 3 = great game, lots of fun, but Uplay = annoyance.edit after +70 hours: one of the best game I played. I think to play again from the begining, this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,220240,7952860,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Bobby Ash™,"""Did I ever tell you what the definition... of insanity is ?"""
76561197965928460,Recommended,220240,227899,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,starwatcher,Lots of fun. Evolved game ideas and execution from Ubisoft Montreal.Multiplayer is killed right out of the gate by the peer to peer only connection system.
,Recommended,220240,8289237,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,chambork,great game
,Recommended,220240,5837109,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,Richkiller,Better then Far Cry 2 and Far Cry 1! Very nice game. waiting for Far Cry 4!
,Recommended,220240,18564946,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Ḱńíǵhtćŕáẃĺéŕ,Far Cry 3 This Is The Best Game Of 2012.This Game's Story Is Awesome.Gameplay Is Good.Graphics Are Pretty Much.And The Best Thing Of This Game Is The Main Bosses.Vaas & Hoyt.I Like Them More Than The Hero Jason Brody.Skill trees Are Good.Weapon Customization Are Pretty Awesome.Liberated Outpost And Bell Tower Will Unlock The Whole Map.Animals Are Pretty Awesome.Story-9.5 Out Of 10Gameplay-8.5 Out Of 10Graphics-8 Out Of 10Characters-Not Hero I Am Talking About Villains.9.5 Out Of 10This Game Is Worth A Buy
,Recommended,220240,10827808,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,GettinSerious,An absolutely brilliant and insane game. I've lost myself so many times in this jungle that i almost forgot about the main missions. Defiinitely a must try for everyone!
76561198197723658,Recommended,220240,33301029,Posted: 5 July,all,Optimus_Prime,old is gold.... :) I played this game about 3-4 tiems :) Still playing... Its great fun to play :)
,Recommended,220240,10418064,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Vel,"Farcry Review in a nutshell - Spoiled 1%'er rich kid and his friends get captured on an island. Kid (player) gets a magical tattoo ""Aztec sleeves"" from a crazy Bob Marley fan (Shortly after having escaped a lunatic with a mohawk). Overnight he learns how to skin animals and make crafting gear along with throwing knives and shooting multiple weapon types. Suddenly he becomes the islands first ever Rambo in Penny Loafers out to save his friends.Pro's: Excellent graphics and single play shooter. Semi-interesting storyline.Con's: Mature content with a very teenage style gameplay that takes, what could be an awesome boss fight, and turns it into a dance dance revolution button masher. ( I suppose it's to cater to people with consoles that need clear definition on how to win).I give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,220240,14552768,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,KiNG,"Amazing, After playing 40+ hours of this game im still craving this expeirience. I NEED MORE. I got this game on sale for 7$ then after playing it I realized how great of a deal i got. This is my most played game and ever since I finished i was craving that drug burning people roasting wingsuit gliding awsome expeirience again.IGN 10000000000000000000000000000000/10"
,Recommended,220240,18419334,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,jspike397,"This game is really fun.  It has fun missions, lots of weapons to choose from, and has a great open world.Cons: Uplay.  Uplay sucks.  It takes forever to update once you finally get the game downloaded, it deletes your game saves randomly(Has happened to me) and is terrible.TLDR: Game is really fun.  Uplay sucks."
,Recommended,220240,19439906,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Seign9,"An almost perfect Open World FPS with crafting and RPG elements. The story is amazing and the acting/voiceover work is probably the best I've ever seen in a game (the guy who plays Vaas is incredible. Best villain EVER). The thing that impressed me most about this game is, you don't have to spend hours of your time crafting an sorting through piles of junk, trying to determine what to keep and what to sell or discard. Junk is easily ""quick sold"" and is explicitly marked as junk so there's no need to feel like you should hold onto it until later in the game when it may come in handy. The only real items of importance when it comes to crafting are animal skins for capacity upgrades (i.e., how much stuff you can carry) and plants for crafting medicines and buffs.Leveling and stat trees are balanced and easily managed. It's possible to gain every skill in the game in a single run through so you don't have to feel like you missed out or ruined your game by taking one skill point over another. Just simply farm up some more XP and get that skill as well.Finally, the graphics are beautiful, even if a bit aged. It's very easy to get totally submersed in the game with the wonderful graphics and beautiful locations, especially considering how great the story is and how amazing the voice and acting talent are (did I mention that Vaas is incredible? Because if there were ever Oscars given to video game actors, he should be the first to receive one). The options menu is deep and extremely configurable, from key layouts to graphics and sound settings. I have a pretty basic bargain-bin laptop (Acer Aspire E 15) with no modifications running the integrated intel HD 4400 with 1792 VM and can get the game to run with a bit of lag at full settings. I run mostly on medium with a few settings set to high, however, and get a constant frame rate of ~30fps (which is great for my non-gaming computer).My only gripe with this game is the soundtrack. It's pretty bland and bear-bones and neither adds nor subtracts from the game. It's just kind of ""there"". It doesn't hinder the experience in any way but I feel with a stronger score or maybe even the addition of some licensed music added during key scenes, it could have added that much more to the submersive experience.Overall, this game is a 9.5 out of 10 which by my grading standards, is practically a 10. I save 10s for the absolute best of the best. Games that not only are damn near perfectly designed and executed and fun to play, but which have also changed the landscape of gaming in general and paved the way for others to follow. The only ""10""s I've played I can count on 2 hands (Super Mario 3 and Super Mario World, The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past and Ocarina of Time, Half-Life II, Tetris, Mrs. Pac-Man and maybe a few more I'm forgetting). Far Cry 3 is almost there but, there isn't much here that hasn't already been done before. That said, everything about the game that came from other games, Far Cry 3 put it all together and made it better as a whole than anyone else in it's genre. They took the best parts of games like Borderlands and Fallout and improved upon them in a way that's damn near perfect."
,Not Recommended,220240,10483639,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SACRATAR,uplay are ♥♥♥♥♥. i brought this game full price when it was released and now uplay wont let me play it.
76561198093831850,Recommended,220240,13967858,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Miguel,10/10 would flamethrower weed field again
,Recommended,220240,11970853,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Nahr,More fun than a barrel of monkeys.
,Recommended,220240,7798770,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kaboom.,"Great game, great fun."
,Recommended,220240,21558514,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Lime,"Far Cry 3 Game is a tale of a small boy who goes to a big island, and ends up becoming a big island (boy) himself. In the beginning you are nothing but a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who likes to make whimpy noises during the skinning of a wide array of animals, including (but not limited to): goat and bear. When the game is over you still do that, so I guess Jason (character name) learned nothing. As the only white man on the island (except for a few crazy ones) you are naturally the hero, and your cool friend is black, so the game is not racist. Jason's girlfriend is pretty good looking but she is too annoying so I do not care about her.I give this game a ""pretty good"" out of possible ""extremely good""."
76561198078403264,Recommended,220240,12910370,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Buckets For Legs,"Having never played any prior games in the Far Cry series, I wasn't sure what to expect when I first opened up this game and got stuck into it. My lack of experience with other games in the series probably made it difficult for me to begin with as  I wasn't sure what to do or the direction I was meant to head and hence after a few hours accumulated, I put the game away and tried something else.However, upon returning to the game I stuck with it and what followed was an exciting story line and great game play.If you like FPS, a solid and lengthy story line, good character progression and an open world experience that gives you the ability to do as you wish, I suggest you buy this game.I was pleasently surprised with this game and wouldn't hesitate to buy others in the series. You can rush the story line or you can complete other missions and mini games that the open world experience offers you.Rather than give a score out of 10, I merely suggest you try this game and decide for yourself. One of my favourite games to have played and indulged in."
,Recommended,220240,12936837,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Countyzz. III,EPic
,Recommended,220240,12945684,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Bond_JeBaited,"I got this not thinking that my computer can handle it, BUT IT DID! It worked with the small lag spikes my crap computer will run it! I recomend getting this game. Fun open world first person shooter. I recomened getting this game. I also recomend getting the franshise pack for the extra 10dollars. With the extra 10dollars u can get far cry, far cry 2, far cry 3, far cry 3 blood dragon and The far cry 3 DLC's. I realy recomend this game."
,Recommended,220240,12977604,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Patinaz,Burned down a weed farm with Skrillex playing and right after wards blew up a boat with an RPG  420/ 69 -PC Gamer
,Recommended,220240,13113476,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Megalas,"Very good game, balance is good in terms of story mode and free roaming. This game never gets boring, however you get the feeling towards the end that it drags on in terms of mission after mission without the chance to free roam, but this is unlike the beggining and the middle where this is plenty of free roaming to do. Hunting, driving and capturing outposts are the best!Would thoroughly recommend this game."
,Recommended,220240,15989430,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,zen★,"Amazing graphics and great story line, its an all over best, for the price, you get lost in it like a book, all round WOW from me!5 star!"
,Recommended,220240,9987135,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Aka'tesh,"At one point I thought I would never actually finish this game because of how huge the world was.  I’m really glad I’ve changed my mind and decided to continue playing. The story is great and game-play is solid and versatile.I took me a while to finish every side-mission, to find all of the collectables and complete all achievements. It was worth it. I really enjoyed exploring the world and learning its history. Finding out what is happening around me, what I have been dragged in to - was the most satisfying part of the game.In addition to the single-player, Ubisoft have added a multiplayer and a co-op. I have really enjoyed them both. The co-op has its own characters and a brand new story. The multiplayer is fun a fast paced - the more you play the more weapons/upgrades you unlock.My verdict - Get it on one of the steam sales - you will not regret it. I haven’t."
,Recommended,220240,33170604,Posted: 2 July,all,DINO THUNDA,"Have you never tried a Far Cry game, but are curious to see what all of the fuss is about? Far Cry 3 is the perfect starting point, and will get you the most bang for your buck currently. If you've already played 4 or Primal, this is 100% still worth your time.+Incredibly immersive and engaging story from beginning to end+Amazing characters. The character development and acting is top notch+Fun side missions that sometimes felt just as important as the main story+Great first-person shooter gameplay+Tons of weapons and opportunities to choose your own play style+ GORGEOUS open-world setting+So many great moments. Lots of laughs and heart-pounding drama."
,Recommended,220240,27513257,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,€ Ċ Ł I Ҏ $ €,"Ты знаешь,что такое безумие? Вот я тоже не знаю,а Ваас знает -_-Я слишком пугливый,что бы в неё играть играть. Я пару раз ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ался,когда на акул охотился....Предисловие. ИГРА БОГОВ ПРОСТО. 11/10. Таких игр мало видел.Можно жечь каноплю 0)00))Заниматься сексом с богиней острова )))00)Убить своих друзей)0))Летать на аэроплане и вь*баться в гору )0))Бежать от бандитов,прыгнуть в  озеро и сдохнуть от крокодила)0)030 минут ловить еб*ную птицу,что бы прокачать снаряжениеУстраивать донбасские разбровки в джунглях с помощью коктеля молотова))0))Покупайте все! Одна из моих самых любимых игр <3 <3"
,Recommended,220240,11579215,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Season 2 Episode 11,Shut the ♥♥♥♥ upI am the one with the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy this
,Recommended,220240,20506980,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,David0vić,"Amazing game. Beautiful open world, fun story and characters, fun main missions, great hunting, lots of side content, gunplay feels great and the stealth is very well handled.9/10 (Amazing)"
,Recommended,220240,33252328,Posted: 4 July,all,Liberty'sPickles,"Not as fun as FarCry 4 but it has a cool story and once you get further it gets better, cant find any way to mod this game if anyone knows how, could you please let me know.7/10"
76561198092636387,Recommended,220240,33290327,Posted: 5 July,all,ToasterSpook,this game Guuud
,Recommended,220240,25285446,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Karim #Boug ツ CSGOatse.com,coool game :D
76561197985881367,Recommended,220240,9716181,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Lucius Brimstone,"You know, if you ignore the pretentious writer that thinks this game is a satire (spoiler tags, it's not in any way.  Maybe he intended for it to be that way but there's no real evidence in game to support that), then what you get is a really fun game.  Going full stealth in missions and side things is so rewardingly fun.  My favorite part of the game is the theme of growth because it's done so well.Goodish game, probably shouldn't miss it."
,Recommended,220240,18519730,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CrYst,Agak Berat sih :'v Tpi Ceritanya tetap seru xD
76561198030477646,Recommended,220240,8165333,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Lepel100,"I do very much recommend this game, it's totally amazing get it. now. why arn't you playing yet? STAHP READING! START PLAYING! :) lol."
,Recommended,220240,18484071,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,TheDuckMan,This is a GREAT GAME:Pros:GraphicsAnimationsGameplayStory ModeMIDDLES:MultiplayerCons:UPLAY!!!!!!
76561197988683115,Recommended,220240,11040670,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Dreadmaker,"Lots of people are downvoting this because of uplay. Ignore these people. You can still use steam chat and community stuff in-game, like anything on steam, and especially after you've launched it the first time, it actually just takes you right into the game in all subsequent times. A little annoying? Sure. Reprehensible that a company would release on steam but force the use of a clunkier, in-house client? Definitely. Does it devalue the game experience? Absolutely not. Far Cry 3 is one of the most incredible games I've played in recent memory - it's right up there with Skyrim for me. The net impact of uplay is essentially closing one additional window upon exiting the game; if you let that stop you from enjoying such a phenominal achievement in game development, you frankly deserve to miss out.And trust me - you will be missing out."
,Recommended,220240,30702352,Posted: 24 March,all,Lord Sashev,"Welcome to my review of Far Cry 3.I will discuss all the negatives and possitives you need to know,if you are interested to buy the game.The game requires Uplay – and you have to have Steam and Uplay active to play the game.If you don't mind this,we will continue to the positives.I will not compare this game to the others of the franchise because is different in many ways.First the story in the game is more serious and you will want to know what happens next,see how the story unfolds – but there is one big problem …And that's that wonderful open world that they have created.You can get lost, doing side missions,activities and collectibles.You can/and will hunt animals so you can craft better gear,to expand your inventory.And most of the events get your worth of time spending passing them. For example – if you go and unlock all the Radio towers not only you will have the complete map – but also free weapons in vendors.The gunplay is awesome,it's easy to get used to,and you will be having fun everytime you have to go to combat.The gameplay is varied,most of the mission you can go gun-blazing but you can go stealth also.I passed the main story + some side activities in more than 20 hours,but I kinda want to go back to finish what I have left behind.The story is great,the voice acting and music really shines – and show how good they wanted you to immerse yourself in the role of the main character,how you want to save your friends like him,how you would want for him to finish his journey.Far Cry 3 showed us,that not only open worlds can be immersive and fun – but also can give a good story driven experience.If you like a open world in which everything you do,you will have fun doing buy the game.If you want to play a open world game,in which not only the content is much larger and you have hours of activities to do,but also you will want to do them – you will want to finish the story."
,Recommended,220240,28993952,Posted: 3 January,all,Chief Queef,Love it. Great story and great graphics.Would recommend to anyone
76561197968766369,Recommended,220240,23263364,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Biggy Man!,...this game gave me a crocodile phobia.
76561198095761475,Recommended,220240,11627193,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,LordGabeN,"It is pretty hard to dislike Vaas Montengero. period. Nonetheless it is an amazing game as an open world shooter. Great use of the dead Island engine here. However, this game comes to life in the higher resolutions therefore some beast hardware is required. Overall a great redemption from the appaling farcry 2. Cudos Ubisoft."
,Recommended,220240,30273062,Posted: 1 March,all,CCG Juzo,Very Nice Game Enjoy It Alot.
76561198033561008,Recommended,220240,30286746,Posted: 2 March,all,CowMeat,Best game in the series this far.  I highly recommend for fans of open world shooters.
76561198127204689,Recommended,220240,30287908,Posted: 2 March,all,★ς๏ยภtєг★ twitch.tv/cata_98,Great game
76561197993728176,Recommended,220240,30288151,Posted: 2 March,all,SilentKille09,Really great game.  Immersive story.  I love the open world and is easy to play casually.  I really wish there were Steam Achievements and Cards and all the steam features since this series has always been pushed on Steam.   I don't know why these developers think anyone cares about their platforms.  Origin and U-Play are and always will be 'Steam Wannabees' and nothing else.  Put your achievements on Steam -> Get more happy Customers -> Get more money.
,Recommended,220240,8174951,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Welshe,its le best peace of turd i have ever seen
76561198068054609,Not Recommended,220240,20522409,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Ladlethina,"Uplay blocking game, I tried to make a uplay account when through, added my CDKey said my CDkey was already in use. dont waste your time. and straight up Uplay scam.FC3 is an amazing game the protaganist is the best badass villian you always wanted to see in a game the swave badness made you like to hate him. overall gameplay is pretty solid with some repetiveness but def a game to check out just not on steam. Buy it somewere else they block uplay and make it 1000% easier to deal with I might req. Humble bundle or other popular rising game selling sites."
,Not Recommended,220240,13296487,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Barry Soetoro,"Far Cry 3 has many glaring issues. The most immediate is the horrific and broken Uplay DRM that is forced, despite this being the steam version of the game. The only upgrades in this game compared to it's predecessor are the graphics, voice acting, and general production values. The writing is simply laughable, quite possibly one of the worst stories I have experienced, the fact that Jeffrey Yohalem got nominated for a BAFTA for this game goes to show that becoming a writer in the modern video game industry requires only the bare minimum of credentials. I'm not even going to go into the plot because it's basically non existent beyond ""Uh hey he's bad, let's get em'! *takes shrooms*"" The only character that has even marginally interesting writing is Vaas, and they hyped him up so much prerelease that practically every single one of his lines can be found in a trailer, and without his VA's fantastic performance it would probably not be half as interesting. Jason Brody & Co. are so obnoxious, that they are for all intents and purposes, a parody of themselves. Jason Brody, whose name itself is cringeworthy, goes from sheltered rich junkie ♥♥♥♥♥boy to a v-neck and tribal tattoo-clad hard ""killer"" within the space of one mission and an overall story mode that lasts about two weeks in game time that is divided up into chapters, which we are greeted by with loading screens with forced ""Alice in Wonderland"" excerpts that aren't actually relevant to the story beyond ""Woohoo I'm wacky, crazy, and insane Haha!"". The game's theme of insanity is not explored or expounded upon, just stated over and over again, no really, they just keep telling you the webster-merriam definition of the word. The irony is almost next level.The shooting mechanics are vastly improved in this iteration with a few exceptions. 1. There is virtually no recoil on any of the weapons 2. Most if not all of the gun sounds, are in fact, not gun shots. Which in this day and age for a AAA game with a massive budget, is simply not acceptable, the PKM sound is like a note from a skrillex song.Despite Far Cry 2's ""Heart of Darkness"" derivative story, and cheap voice acting, the choose-able silent protagonists of varying backgrounds including ex-KLA members and IRA insurgents is able to be taken much, much more seriously in it's African setting that is reflective of the varying local wars and conflicts fueled by ethnic and religious tensions, blood minerals, and separatist sentiments that are and have been occuring for the past 50 or so years in Africa.So basically unless you just really, really like playing as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ druggie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with tribal tats that changes personality traits more often than my insane bipolar grandmother, and having the NPCs color coded for you to Red = Bad and Blue = Good, pick up Far Cry 2 instead, it has many flaws of its own, but they are acceptable given the context that they are symptoms of its age and budget. Far Cry 3 does everything it does in the most pedestrian and shallow approach the devs could have taken from the UI to the story."
76561198030981197,Not Recommended,220240,14906811,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,je.ph,"I couldn't get past the game launcher despite doing my best to follow the Steam and Uplay ""support"" ""help"".  I have now uninstalled the game and find no way to get in touch with Steam about a refund.  So I guess all I can do is write a rotten review and hope Steam contacts me.  Yeah, right.  In the meantime, I guess Steam doesn't want me to buy any more games from them.  By the way, I am not a computer genius who can follow all these ridiculous instructions, much less find my way through stupid menues.  The Steam and Uplay support systems need ""a better way""."
76561197989072565,Not Recommended,220240,9236529,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,MarketGardenGaming,"Notice how most of the negative review reviews are about uplay? Yeah this is another one. You pay for game, get ready to play, and OOP! Now, you have to download another steam-like platform called Uplay. Except it's worse. It's constantly down, making it impossible for you to play a game that you've already paid money for. Sure, you can play in offline mode, but say goodbye to your saves because they are in the cloud. So I guess you could just try a multiplayer mode-oh wait, no. Nevermind. Uplay is down so you can't do that either.If you don't mind being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the DRM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, then get it. It's a really good game as far as graphics and content. But what would have been a 9/10 is a 4/10 just because of uplay. Don't think that's a fair rating? Buy it and try to deal with Uplay."
,Recommended,220240,11111104,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Butterbot,is game.
76561197980237591,Not Recommended,220240,12975333,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,death-cult-devotion,"Uplay, nuff said."
,Recommended,220240,8958272,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,a1snicker,"Decent gameplay, horrible story line."
,Recommended,220240,9020757,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Sixx (On $team Link/Controller),"Far Cry 3 has by far reigned among my top 5 open world games, every aspect of this game is great; from the story; to the gameplay; the action, world and its mechanics. You are Jason Brody, a young man looking for an adventure while vacationing on a remote island with your closest friends. Yet you get more than what you bargained for, when your group is kidnapped by drug pedaling pirates to be sold to the underground world of slavery.  Now its up to you to save your friends, bring peace back to this once pristine environment, and inspire hope to its native people. As you diverge from your expected path you become a true product of your new environment. You turn from a scared boy, to a ruthless warrior. Though be careful who you trust, for betrayal is lurking around every corner.This game is like no other, the story missions are long and tough and the side missions are a blast. You must climb to the top of hundred foot radio towers to acquire maps, radar and weapons; liberate pirate outposts; learn the lay of the land; hunt its native creatures, both docile and ferocious; find its most precious and scarce relics; bounty hunt for the islands most wanted; and test your skills through vigorous timed trials. This enormous world has more than enough ways to spend your time. If you feel like taking a break from the fighting, go play some poker, place wagers on your marksmanship, throw knives,  get laid, or race ATVs.As you delve in to this chaotic world, you find all resources at the palm of your hand. Customize your weapons by adding scopes, extended magazines and suppressors. You can pick someone off from a mile away, shoot them in the back with your bow and arrow, slit someone's throat, or blow it all up! Every desirable weapon is available at your disposal; hand guns, shotguns, assault rifles, SMGs, LMGs, RPGs, C4 explosives, knives, even a f**king flamethrower; everything your twisted heart could desire! The question is, how will you save this world? As a silent assassin, or a gun toting  juggernaut?Choose who you wish to become by picking skills from three separate skill trees. You can chose to become a stealthy assassin, a long range killer, an unstoppable killing machine or all three.  Will you learn how to shoot from a zip line, or how to silently ambush numerous enemies from atop and below? These skill will also help you become a better hunter-gatherer. Collect indigenous plants to craft potent remedies and abilities or learn to silently hunt a tiger or shark for its hide.Like any good contemporary game, there is multiplayer along with coop. Fight with or against players across the world to complete objectives, sabotage each other's bases, go on missions, or just shoot each other up in death match. Be careful though, for the losing teams best player is to be made an example of. The winning team can chose to show mercy, or beat him to within an inch of his life.So mount up! This world cannot be saved without your efforts. Just remember, trust no one. Not even yourself..."
,Recommended,220240,8969677,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,The Firm Man,"Simply put, a great game.Not so simply put, there's a reason why this game is refered to as 'skyrim with guns.'So far, the story has been engaging and the combat very fun, I have often seen myself performing very badass deeds during the taking of a outpost."
,Recommended,220240,8951800,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,vvoova3000,Pros:1) Story;2) Graphics;3) Weapons;4) Map editor;Cons:1) Multiplayer;2) Bugs;8.5/10
,Recommended,220240,9805413,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Mogs,Awesome game
,Not Recommended,220240,21931775,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bill Cosby,Uplay
76561198211974823,Not Recommended,220240,23907264,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CheeseCake,The game would be better if it didnt crash every time in the begining of the game
,Recommended,220240,8213463,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,ne11a,A great game. I played over ten hours  after i bought it from the winter sales. Totally addicted to iy.
76561198055285147,Recommended,220240,11273731,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Grey Wolf Jack,Far Cry 3 = GreatUplay = Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,24067043,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lubnut,"I finished this game in 23 hours including fully exploring the north island.The game was great in combat and the story was well thought out. It did get really weird at the ending parts. There was a lot of content involved and yo could easily get 10 more hours out of doing all the Rakyat quests. I got the game for $7.50 and could be convinced to get it for $30.The downsides are the co-op which is less of survival and more party activities like racing jet-ski's and who can kill the most challenges. I haven't tried the multiplayer but if it's anything like the co-op assume it is also a downside.Overall a great game, something you can say ""Yea I played that"". It falls on its own sword though because there is so much to do it's hard to play it again and the co-op and multiplayer is unsatisfying.P.S I hate Uplay just as much as the people in the negative reviews but I see people with the same or more hours as me who rate it down just for Uplay. The issue of Uplay was so easily fixed for me (task manager, end Uplay process, run game again through steam) but these people just give up immediately. It's their problem I guess because they'd rather complain than to get their mony's worth."
,Recommended,220240,22146831,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,JacquesLeSauve,"The Far Cry games are very much the Final Fantasy of first-person shooters - each game within these series plays very similarly but are almost completely unconnected to one another, they've both spawned multiple sequels and broken out into spin-offs, and you're unlikely to find a universal answer when asking which game is everyone's favourite. I basically like this entry in the series, but for all its efforts, it still falls far short in taking the throne as best of the Far Cry games.Here you'll play as Jason Brody, an adventuring party dude turned captive turned escapee turned murdering, rampaging sociopath who slaughters his way across a couple of islands as he rescues his friends and overthrows a villainous regime. It's the feel-good story of the year! By which I mean it's total, utter toss. It could have been a typical, lazy, straightforward story about finding the bad guy and getting the girl then living happily ever after, but almost counterintuitively, the fact that they tried to do something more with it actually only made it worse than if they hadn't tried at all. The problem is the writing. It's f*cking awful. Painfully so. Between the dialogue, characters and their actions, even the goddamn journal entries, every instance only serves to grate against the player rather than ingratiate you into the world. I honestly struggle to think of a single likable character in the game. From the island's inhabitants to the ""helpful"" NPCs to your best friends and even the very guy you play as, pretty much every single human being in this game is an *sshole. Like, a massive one. The kind that smells really bad and is surrounded by thick, curly hairs and has little speckles of brown all around it. Everyone around you is either going to be trying to kill you, will betray you, or mean well but only be an annoying c*ck instead. Ev-er-y-one!The main antagonists of the story are Vaas, a deeply unhinged leader of a large and merciless band of pirates, and his boss, Hoyt, the equally deranged slave trader and mastermind behind all the brutality being forced upon the islands he has taken over. The developer seems to have taken great inspiration from Heath Ledger's Joker and try to make these characters deep and complex threats who toy with their victims, but I never really felt it. My problem with it is the fact there are so few interactions with these people, they're really talked about more than they're actually seen. And when we do see them, pretty much every interaction with them comes in the form of a cutscene rather than any kind of meaningful gameplay. This really diminished their intimidation for me. Like... we almost had to take the game's word that they were vile, evil people since we didn't get to see any real examples of that. Had Vaas been given an opportunity to be a bad*ss and we could have seen him leading an insane, nihilistic charge into some enemy forces and win, or if we'd fought him several times, maybe then I could have bought it. But, instead, the greatest threat from him is that he might bore you to death as he talks and yells his way through a handful of cutscenes at you. It just didn't work for me. I mean, I've ripped men's throats out with my knife, set dozens on fire with flamethrowers and Molotovs, and massacred countless men and animals with a huge array of weapons and vehicles. Believe me, Vaas is not the worst example of humanity in this game. Granted, Hoyt is given a little more presence and chances to be villainous, but it still doesn't leave much impact. But you'll be pleased to know there is some gameplay here, which is far more successful at gripping the player.It's an open world, first-person shooter, so you pretty much already know the score by now. Buy, find or earn some weapons, customise them as you see fit, then use them to kill, kill, kill your way through a few dozen hour's worth of missions and exploration. There are basically three different things you can choose to pursue to pass the time in this game, either run around searching for a dizzying wealth of largely meaningless collectibles (this is a Ubisoft game, after all), clear out enemy outposts which reduce hostile presence in the immediate area, or just play through the story missions and see where those take you. The story stuff is OK, I guess. Go to location A, kill target X or destroy objective Y, then get away to safety. Either that or go on a handful of drug trips as you ""discover yourself"" and unlock the warrior within. I found these sequences to be pretty slow and plodding, though, or just a chore to play through. But maybe that's just me and others will enjoy some of the more abstract visuals and break from the more standard killing simulator the rest of the missions are.I think most will agree, though, that the real fun to be had here is in the outposts. These are camps scattered all throughout the islands and guarded by several enemies which vary type from outpost to outpost. Most will have basic grunts patrolling, while others may have snipers keeping watch or flamers stomping around the grounds or dogs sniffing you out. How you approach these is entirely up to you. If you want to rock up with a grenade launcher and crater the place, go for it. Maybe you want to try incinerating the camp and picking off the stragglers amid all the panic and confusion. Handy with a silenced sniper rifle? Go pop some heads, son. Or perhaps you're the kind of tasty b*stard that likes to sneak into the heart of the lair and knife everyone in the back one by one without anyone ever knowing what hit them. It's yours for the taking, however you want to take it. It does pay to be sneaky, as liberating an outpost without being discovered will net you 1500 XP, while simply taking it by brute force will only earn you 500. But there's really no shortage of XP being handed out in the game (I maxed out mine and unlocked every ability long before the end of the game), so you shouldn't worry about that too much.There are some online options, too, like PvP multiplayer or some specially made co-op missions, but, yeah... just do yourself a favour and don't bother with them. I only played an hour or two of the multiplayer, and really tried getting into it, but it's nothing special. And the co-op missions are a bloody mess. They're little more than going to an area and holding it down and fending off waves of spawning enemies until the game decides to let you move on to the next location and do it again. It would be a passable distraction were it not so riddled with bugs (that on several occasions made it impossible for me to continue) or lousy matchmaking or options in general. I wouldn't dare to call them lazy, but I would say they feel tacked on, like they were made at a time when they felt they needed to have these features as a bullet point on the back of the box to sell copies and make people feel like they'd gotten their money's worth and not sell their discs after tha main campaign. But there's no shortage of online FPSs to play, either competitively or cooperatively, and unless you had no other option, I don't know why you'd stick with this. Though, that said, some people are, as the games still seemed to be very active and populated with plenty of players. F*ck knows why.While, yes, I do pretty much recommend this, at the same time, as seems to be the increasing trend with Ubi games, they've taken 10 or 15 hour's worth of a good, fun idea, then stretched it out to dozens of hours, where every hour stretched beyond its point starts to wear you down rather than entertain, and TONS of niggling interface issues and bugs and crashes keep kicking you down. But in certain doses, spread over a large period of time, this is a fun, solid shooter. Though, for my money, FC2 is still the peak of the series and a better place to get your shooty, stabby kicks."
,Recommended,220240,14637223,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,I am lonely send help,Makes me want to extinctify Tigers and become a drug dealer.10/10
,Not Recommended,220240,12948614,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Classical Naughty Guy,"..Hem ..Promo, that nice ! 10€ for all FarCry .. Now, when i launch FC3 : Open Uplay. When i launch on Uplay, that launch ... Steam  !  WTF men ?? plz x)"
,Recommended,220240,656827,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,(･8･),"I like this game, you should try it."
,Recommended,220240,7940030,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Cynster,This game is awesome. It's like GTA in paradise. And a bit of Uncharted.
,Recommended,220240,19243947,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,ocsalev,"Visually, this game is amazing. The scenery is breathtaking, and climbing radio towers became an in-game hobby for me (the view, the view!). The stealth elements are great as well, it works relatively realistically and you can do most missions ninja-style. To sum up: everyone knows this game is good, then let’s talk about the cons:•	Voice work: Gianpaolo Venuta was a bad choice as protagonist. Really distracting and he sounded excessively wimpy even at the end.•	Script: the story is ridden with flaws. Especially when it comes to Vaas and Jason near-death experiences (I won’t comment more on this subject to avoid spoiling the story).Other than that, it’s a lot of fun. Recommended for everyone."
,Recommended,220240,12856220,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Yeppers,"I went over to my relative's house for a holiday and tried Far Cry 3 on PS3. I was so hooked it was scary. I finished half of the game and went home. Then a sale came along and I got it, and, wow. From 720p and 30 FPS to 1080p and 60 FPS.Pros and Cons-----------------+ Great Graphics+ Replay Value- Not a Very Interesting Story= Multiplayer was DecentRate: 8/10"
,Recommended,220240,22662827,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Spitfire,"Hell this game is more awesome then I ever thought!The game starts of slow and you have to walk around a lot.The left half of the first island is kinda lame, but the right half gets more interesting.But the game gets awesome when you get to the second island.The game has a really great story linewith some messed up cut sceneswhich will pull you straight into the game.I can't believe I've waited this long to finally complete the game."
,Recommended,220240,7978921,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Foxaika♥,"This is a fabulous game. The setting is large, beautiful, and lively. Quite frankly, this is one of the better settings I have seen in a game. With that said, graphically the game is excellent. Everything from the animations to the textures to the models looks great.The game sounds excellent, and the music selection is superb. The weapons all have fairly distinct sounds, and there are no sound issues as far as I can tell.As far as the story goes, it's really engaging. I am not going to spoil anything, but it does get a bit hokey a few times. By the end though, none of this mattered. The story has a way of dragging you in and making you care, as any well written narrative should.To sum it up, this is an excellent game. I almost regret not purchasing it sooner. From the setting to the story, this is most definitely a worthwhile purchase."
76561198036088641,Not Recommended,220240,12950213,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,mickeyporkpies,"ouch I forgot about the inductry obession with cuts scenes and this game sums up the reason I stopped buying them. The game is still today a responsive action game with lush backgrounds and enviroment, good weapons and still holds up to some of the over priced hyped up stuff today. You ask yourself why a game needs a multi million marketing budget if it is that good?All in all good fun but the tiresome cut scene  approach is painful at least but for me a a show stopper for a real gamer. You want to jump in an play - go somewhere else."
76561197988968360,Recommended,220240,25729706,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,haxx66,"Game was fun and worth recommending.The nice:-great roaming on the beautiful island-fun hunting and gathering plants-good fighting and weapon system-stealth feels great with takedownsBad:- all characters except Vass, Buck and Sam are totally bad and cringy- plot is unconvincing, cutscenes unskipable and story is uninteresting- climate of story is weird - they couldn't make a choice between it being funny or serious so it was hard for me to immerse and care"
,Recommended,220240,915633,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Repzion,"Brillant story, engaging visuals, beautiful graphics, and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,220240,8696961,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Sir. Yuwi,"[No-spoils] Island, With Trees And Grass.10/10"
,Recommended,220240,11717490,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,🅼🅰🅳 🅼🅰🆇 ✓,+ Great Story+ Graphics+ Open World+ Crafting+ LootingAnd More !10/10
,Recommended,220240,30286429,Posted: 2 March,all,AMX121,BEST IN THE FAR CRY SERIES!
,Recommended,220240,25575268,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Arnold Schwarzeniger,to much INSANITY in this game 😂😂😂
,Recommended,220240,11299436,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Porkchop,"When Far Cry 2 released not many great titles were out at the time, at least for consoles. (It was one of the first games having trophies on PS3.) I remember many of my friends buying it and not liking it, but for me Far Cry 2 quickly emerged as a special title that I will soon not forget. Probably one of the most balanced games I've played online.Far Cry 3 is a more fluid version, with more sidequests. One of the first things that hits you is how it emerges you in a exotic and this time tropical world. Visually a fantastic looking game. The guns feel powerful and sound and feel different from one another. It's unforuntate that one needs to use Uplay to play it, an annoyance, but to me ""oh well"" (and I despise Origin and will never install it). The story is inconsistent, not making sense at times, definitely more towards the end. However, compared to recent blockbuster hits its decent yet not believable. Jason Brody develops into a lame hipster, who quickly learns Rambo-like skills - it was a little too fast and like I said not believable to me. I think that's beside the point though, as Far Cry 3 really shines in moments where the player can move from a silent, stealthy, and slow approach to a fast-gunning and fast-paced gameplay. For example, when you want to snipe everyone in an encampment, get spotted, then blast everyone away with a LMG. Setting up IEDs on enemy roads or throwing molotovs into the jungle and setting everything ablaze are definitely setting you up for gaming moments that are unmatched. I think many people are going to hit their screenshot button. Overall, Far Cry 3 is a great game and it doesn't surprise that many are excited for its next installment (albeit releasing quite early after its announcement)."
,Recommended,220240,11074032,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Tiagozak,"Far Cry 3 is a game that made quite a stir back in 2012, when it was launched. It won multiple Game of the Year awards, and was considered by many one of the best FPS ever, and some few selected ones even said it was the best FPS ever. I bought it at the last summer sale by 4,99€, and had my expectations high. After a full 13-hours playthrough, in which I've made the main missions and one of each activities to really know how everything is, I must admit that I was dissapointed. I will divide this review in some aspects and rate them, in order to do a fairly imparcial, honest review about this apparently revolucionary game.Graphics: probably the biggest asset of the game. Beautiful graphics that take computers to their limit (I imagine how the consoles should run this game) and give a good immersion feeling. Gorgeous views, variety of fauna and flora, good character models and some very nice effects. While one may note some recycling of scenarios, and some lazyness in some areas (which makes exploration sometimes tedious, boring and repetitive), the islands are fairly well designed and concieved. 90/100.Gameplay: one thing said about Far Cry 3 was the innovative gameplay. I must disagree. FC3's gameplay it's like an improved version of FC2's gameplay. With some dumbing down in the middle, and some rather useless features, the gameplay adds some nice features that make it a fairly singular game. The feeling of dejà-vú is present, but, since it's an huge improvement of FC2's already flawless gameplay, it's almost perfect. The only problem, as said, it's the little dumbing down of some features and the lack of some obvious ones (like firing weapons while driving). 95/100.Sound: I must admit that I don't really pay much attention to a game's soundtrack. Without much information, but with some reconsideration, I found that the sound gives support to the game. There isn't nothing remarkable, but it's made with quality. The voice acting is perfect, the sound of the weapons are brutal and realistic and all those little details make the sound as good as the game. Still, it has nothing really special or memorable. 89/100.Story/Plot: the plot may be defined in one word: horrible. You are Jason Brody, a spoiled guy that looks more like a wimpy child, that goes together with is brothers, friends and girlfriends to a trip to a archipelago fo tropical islands. The trip goes bad: after a skydiving experience, they are all captured by a local group of pirates/guerrilla, led by the maniac Vaas Montenegro. Jason manages to escape and allies himself with the Rakyat, a local tribe led by Citra, Vaas' sister, in order to rescue his friends. Vaas was one of the most hype-giving characters in the last few years and was the main reason that made people buy this game, but it was just a marketing putsch. Vaas rarely appears and it's not really that interesting. It's a wasted character used to sell the game. The main villain isn't really Vaas, it's another character that proves himself to be more interesting than Vaas. Jason goes form a big ♥♥♥♥♥, spoiled guy to a mighty warrior that has sex with Citra just because they had to put boobs in the game, just because it's what sells. The whole process of going from city boy to jungle warrior is unnatural, badly performed and with many flaws. He is captured and executed multiple times, and yet survives them all, like if multiple miracles had happened. I could really get into more absurds and bad plot decisions, but I won't. Only the second part          of the game really delivers a more solid story (it's a part where you actually fight the real villain instead of the pawn Vaas). At least it allowed more unique, variated missions, which is very positive and really complements the gameplay. It has some good moments, but globally, it's bad. 65/100.Other aspects and final score: the game, a being open world, sandbox like experience, offers many activities in the 2 islands you can explore, such as hunting, takeovers, exploring, etc. The longevity is quite good for an FPS, but I doubt it reaches more than 30 hours. The Uplay thing is quite dull, and it would only profit from Steamworks. I have not tried the multiplayer because I don't actually care about it, but from what I hear, it's acceptable. I have not played many games from 2012 (probably I haven't played any), but I can assure that this is probably one of the best. With other strong candidates, like Borderlands 2 and Dishonored, which I haven't played, I think the fight for the title of GOTY 2012 would be fierce and tough. The final score, based on the average between the 4 scores I gave above and a factor of correction based on the other aspects, is of 86 out of 100. While it was a desilusion, it's still strongly reccomended."
,Not Recommended,220240,21439746,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Blikkjen (Deagol),Ubisoft's  Uplay
76561198268576337,Not Recommended,220240,22051585,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,joehiatt8,Game is good but i would have never bought it had i of known i was going to have to jump through 100 hoops just to play o and sit on hold at ubisoft for 20 min still no answer do not buy unless you want a headache. and still on hold 40 mins un acceptable seriously F ubisoft will never buy another ubisoft game in my life worst customer service i have ever experienced but i sure they dont care. Horrible horrible horrible horrible x100  DO NOT DEAL WITH THIS CRAP PLEASE!!!
,Recommended,220240,12984944,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ssnakepit,I KILLED MANY PEOPLE AND ANIMALS JUST TO HAVE SEX WITH ABORIGINE WOMAN WITH TATTOOED♥♥♥♥♥♥69/69
,Recommended,220240,18757634,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,StarTroper xd,1.Good Gameplay2.Best Vehicles3.Good Story :)10/10
76561198253310454,Recommended,220240,30430664,Posted: 10 March,all,kaz,"""Do you know the definition of insanity?"" -Vaas Montenegro""So his name is Buck , he likes to f...."" -Jason BrodyThis game is crazy. Graphics are very good storyline is good but sometimes missions were boring. Open world is very good.Soundtrack is beautiful.[8.9/10]"
,Not Recommended,220240,7899856,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,yuu,yo skrill drop it hard
,Recommended,220240,23003662,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,choco9er,"The first half of this game is amazing. The second half is the developers running out of ideas and trying their best to ruin the game. Beat the first island, turn it off, you will be happier for it."
,Recommended,220240,7746789,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Rikkan,Not really skyrim with guns but still great
,Recommended,220240,14858511,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Skyrim,i wonder if the pirates♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your friends....hmm
,Recommended,220240,27176280,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Terus hair 0%,The best far cry ive played in a long time i recomend it and i say that its worth it :D
,Recommended,220240,9439184,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"Far Cry 3, for me, is what Far Cry 2 should have been. In its predecessor the game lacked a proper story and also the game was very difficult. I remember the creators explaining it with the story, i.e. in order to really grasp the reality of the harsh African environment the game had to be hard even on a normal difficulty level.Far Cry 3 finally has a story and a more interesting protagonist. Also, the antagonist is memorable - his attitude, the voice acting, everything related to his personality stands out. The game gradually gets more difficult and you have a sense of progress here - there are no respawning enemies at the outposts any more: once you capture an outpost the local natives will take full control over it. They later on send patrols to further explore the island so it is now common to see them fighting with the enemies. I liked this approach as you could truly feel you were part of a story here and the fate of an entire people was dependent upon you. Oh, you want to clear an outpost in a much better way? (e.g. following the stealth approach) No worries, the game lets you reset all outposts so that you can complete these again earning some extra achievements.Proper fauna was also missing in the predecessor. Here you have all kinds of animals you can hunt. Hunting is important as by obtaining the skin / hide of your prey you can apply upgrades to your gear. You can have greater pouches to have more money with you or store more ammunition. I liked how you can even pick up herbs so that you can craft syringes that grant you an extra ability for a short period of time to make battles easier.And of course we have an enormous amount of collectible items scattered throughout the island. They are atop mountains or deep within in hidden caves. You need to swim in from the outside only to suddenly be attacked by a crocodile.Far Cry 3 is an exceptionally good game. If you don't mind signing up for UPlay (achievements are logged via that instead of Steam) you should not have a problem with this game. It is beautiful, it is entertaining, it has a good story and an amazing wildlife (e.g. a tiger can easily attack a deer in front of your eyes). And what's more in order to gather all collectibles and complete all side missions the game will hold you captive for at least 50 hours. And this is only the single player campaign as you still have coop mission and multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,220240,23969910,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,fuccboi supreme,"Well, I've owned the game for several years, because when I bought it Steam said my laptop could play it.They were wrong, but it wasn't a big deal. Now I have a new computer that could feasibly run it quite well, but because I bought it several years ago, uPlay doesn't believe that I own the game, and won't tell me what account I used to register it.Anyway I hope you guys enjoy the game, I'll be over here in a corner."
76561198118717464,Recommended,220240,12291291,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,jakelong12556,"an awsome game to play, loved every moment of it"
,Recommended,220240,8825259,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Formologic23,"I didn't have high expectations of FarCry 3 after playing FarCry 2, and FarCry 1's story was a little far fetched for me. I was immediately engaged by the opening scene of FarCry3 and I had to play it a couple of times because of how the save points work. I was mostly engaged by the story, although there are some points you want to go WTF? But there is a really cool scene that blew my mind. While shooting bad guys is pretty repetitive, I had a lot of fun capturing Radio Towers and Bandit camps for the challenge of not being detected. I didn't spend a whole lot of time searching for relics or loot because it would never end, but the game is just gorgeous.The ""upgrades"" you can do to yourself are fun and add to the game and most of them I didn't find useless. Another nice feature about the game is the ending. Once you beat the game, you have the option to ""leave"" or continue on. I opted for continuing on, but all I have left is searching for relics, and there is about 300 in the game. Not really worth the time to me. I don't know about the replayability of the game, but it was worth the discount I paid for it. It's one of three or four games out of 90 or so that I've actually wanted to complete.I would recommend this game, even at the current regular price, but if you can find it on a discount, even better. I do have one complaint. I would consider my computer hardware to be above the norm, but the game sometimes would run great and then go down to 10 or so FPS, which when doing certain tasks (radio tower medical quests), it would make it extremely challenging. You may find other reviews complaining about how the game is not optimized, and I felt the same pain. Didn't detract from the game, but out of 5 stars, I would give it a 4.5 for this reason. If it ran well 100% of the time, I would have given it a 5."
,Not Recommended,220240,22032778,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Novacti,"The game does not start for windows 7 and 10 users because of U play issues, when they fix this glitch, i will hopefully buy this game again and give this game a better rating."
,Not Recommended,220240,15410498,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Sabre Of Silence,"I'm sure this is a fantastic game that I would greatly enjoy playing, however it gets a 0/10 in my books for including the horrendous monstrousity that is Uplay. I couldn't even start the game, as soon as the first loading screen appeared and the Steam overlay message appeared in the bottom right, it crashed with ""Far Cry 3 has stopped working"". Honestly? I purchased this game excited to play it, but it doesn't work at all.*EDIT 05-May-2015*I got it working, but the only way to do so is to permanently go offline through the uPlay client rendering any online features like multiplayer completely unusable. Absolutely love the game so far, still loathe uPlay though.System Specs: (I know it's not a super gaming machine but, hey, it's what I have)Mid 2012 Macbook Pro 13-inchIntel Core i5-3210M @ 2.5 GHz16 GB RAM256 GB SSD1TB HDDIntel HD Graphics 4000 (1GB)"
,Recommended,220240,33403729,Posted: 9 July,all,Kunai with Chain,Good stuff.
,Not Recommended,220240,19044500,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Level1noob,Uplay ):
76561198158011673,Not Recommended,220240,28467778,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Ragosta tin Dei,"The game itself is great but it does require installing and keeping uplay (which is another DRM) updated and logged in. Now, it's a particularly prickish move on Ubisoft's part, and it devalues the game to the point of avoiding the purchase. It's on the store front obviously, but it's quite an annoyance and a black smear for such a great game."
76561197970691018,Not Recommended,220240,23967079,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,*THC*_HeAdShOp,Dont buy this game if you have windows 10.. IT DOES NOT WORK and no one will listen..  both UBI and STEAM blame the other.  It used to work just fine. Not any more
,Not Recommended,220240,34656541,Posted: 1 September,all,The Mangle,Everytime i run UPlay it says a file is missing. I cannot play this game.
,Recommended,220240,8035194,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,"Dr. Ted ""Crazy Legs"" Nelson","An engrossing open-world FPS, but not without its faults.  Beautiful graphics, intense gunfights, legitimately fun (if simple) stealth gameplay, and tons of content are the good parts. Like most open-world games, however, it becomes samey around the 20 hour mark and I started rushing story missions to get it done with. The not-so-good stuff: a) the storyline tends to pound on the ""You are just like the bad guys, GET IT?!"" theme in the dumbest ways possible; b) the people you are supposed to care about are aggressively stupid or bland, c) your character has the worst voice actor in the game, and d) the only memorable character (Vaas, who is plastered all over the marketing) is given relatively short shrift, but perhaps that's for the best - he's the best actor in the game and more exposure might have ruined his impact. That said, my gripes pertain mainly to the story missions (the majority of which are legitimately fun and/or exciting) and aren't enough to overcome its strengths; the game is definitely worth checking out and it's the best of the Far Cry games overall (I'm lying, Blood Dragon is the best)."
,Recommended,220240,29428741,Posted: 22 January,all,E.E. (Peary),I don't know who created... Far CryBut i'm tryna figure out... how do we get them to have Far Cry to the polls
76561198042725453,Not Recommended,220240,27049724,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Anal Butter,A launcher inside of a launcher to launch a single ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,220240,21832793,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Faggiua,"This game sucks, Uplay sucks, Ubisoft sucks.                            Godamn U....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Recommended,220240,31661611,Posted: 10 May,all,Officer Honk,"Personally, I would have kept the knife."
,Not Recommended,220240,19257084,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,walter rassberg,Uplay...
,Recommended,220240,30291030,Posted: 2 March,all,indecendence,"Personal Rating: 5 of 10Its very difficult to review this game. The story and plot is good, the island is vast and combat is satisfying at times. However it falls really short on variety and many things don't gel together.Story is simple and straight foward but the plot did raise my eyebrows several times like the shocking kind which is good.The island is self is split into 2 part with the latter being revealed later in the game. The map is huge but I think mainly its because its empty and repetitive. The island looked the same everywhere with the same encampment, building, random places of small interest, mountain top and temples here and there but beyond that, the island is practically empty. For such a huge island there sure is no jungle. Don't expect different settings like snowy mountain, huge swampy area (there is a small and rather under designed one) or perhaps some remains of previous civilization. The reason I've said this is, there is proof of war bunkers, ancient temples and some large abandon facilities but these just isn't enough of other structures or towns to support it.Towns and encampments are plenty and scattered everywhere but they are really dead is coal. NPCs are decorations mostly that does nothing except for some that gives out quest. Not lively at all.Speaking of side quests, apart from collectibles, none of them span across a few series of repetitive quests like kill 250 of this and collect 50 of that but if you combine all of them together you get your fill series of repetitive nonsense lame side quests. Some side quests may obviously hide some meaning behind which others may find it funny or offensive but to me, I deemed them really unnecessary.Voice acting is alright but some NPCs voice record quality is clearly poor and bad also. Main characters are clearly stands out from unimportant NPCs as they are livelier and some are designed really well. Music is okay but it does gets on my nerve after a while because its so repetitive and some soundtrack clearly kills off the mood. Some main characters are overly done though which can be annoying. Thank heavens the interaction time with them isn't that long.The story mission is not really that long and the developers really hike up the challenge really really fast. Enemy A.I. is alright but once you find a flaw to exploit it seemingly easy. Weapons are plenty to choose from and yes they do have different characteristics which you can clearly feel but I feel they can be a little more hard hitting. You can customize weapons and even apply skin on them but its very limited. What surprises me the most is the animals. There is actually quite a few variety of them but lacked of characteristics.You can earn levels and money doing quests and looting but thats that. Collectibles unlocks written stories and provide nothing more. Each time, I was hoping the next collectible will unveil more location or puzzle but nothing really. Money allows you buy stuff. I was really excited at first but again dissapointed me as fast as it got me hyped up because you can only purchase weapons and customization. Ammos and med kit are practically useless as there are plenty around. Further more most of the weapons can be earned for free. Leveling up earns you a skill point and yeah the skills are quite useful nad gives you a sense of progression.You can also craft items in the game but personally I think it is a cheap gimmick. Imagine this, you needed leather to holster weapon. To carry more weapons you need more holster. But each holster requires different leather to craft. Its like her lets make use of the animals you know since its there but yeah its really redundant. You won't feel any sense of achievement there just finally I get more slots. You can also craft a variety of syringe that boosts/gives you certain ability for a short period of time. I only find 1 or 2 of them useful. In order to craft syringe you need to forage some plants. There are just too many of them lying around which practically makes them worthless.If you ever watched the trailer, it was really good. I thought that finally it went back to its root (Far Cry 1) but the actions you see in the trailer is more like in game ability kind of thing and not the actions you control of feel satisfy when you execute them. You only need to push a button at the right time. The antagonist that appeared on the trailer also sends shiver down one's spine. You hoped to see more of his insanity but no it doesn't really fills the expectation void. The character just don't expand.Overall, the game feels like it was designed by many department. Some did great while others pitched the idea, implement it for the sake of having the feature there in the game but these features don't simply cannot fit into the puzzle together and other aspects of the game cannot fully utilize one another to the fullest.Note that there are also some game breaking bugs too. Collecting collectibles doesn't save the game so if the game crashes (there are no quick save feature as I can't see the key mapping option), you need to repeat the process which is a pain. At times, if you land with the wingsuit you may clip through the ground. Missions contains plenty of unmarked checkpoint. If you somehow managed to bypass them you need to reload as the game won't progress.This game is good for casual open world game that packs some action. There are little things in the game that may surprise you or you may notice some small features that should be there."
76561198021103335,Recommended,220240,17365834,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,VEKHTR 🎮 🎵🎵,"Story play time 20,30 hours.Coop playtime 30,40 hours.Multiplayer playtime 10,15 hours.And very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,220240,2243124,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Anowi,"파크라이2 보다 10배는 뛰어난 게임액션, 스토리 모두 만족스럽다추천!"
,Not Recommended,220240,30470137,Posted: 12 March,all,olusion,Can not play! Ubisoft's crappy Uplay system tells me I don't own the CD key I bought from Steam in 2013!DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE!!!!!
,Not Recommended,220240,24435177,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,srs,Another game ruined by Uplay...
76561198087812455,Not Recommended,220240,28112715,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BigPappaDonner,This game is beutiful and possibly one of the best games ive ever played. Unfortualatly ive only spent 7 hours in game and 10+ trying to fix uplay to let me play the game. In summery great game Uplay sucks
,Recommended,220240,24803358,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,FriedCheeto,IMO this is the best fps ever made.
76561198126416331,Not Recommended,220240,32632239,Posted: 21 June,all,beebs,Uplay
,Recommended,220240,8260739,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Admiral,"One time I ran into a glass door at full speed becauase I thought it was open. Funny how that happes you know? Kids don't really pay attention to their surroundings I guess. Makes me wonder what other stupid things I did as a kid. I knew this one kid who used glue as lipstick because he wanted to kiss this one girl forever. It didn't really work out for the guy obviously, I think he's into MLP now so yeah. Also the game is pretty good."
76561198117393240,Not Recommended,220240,22817988,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,The Dude,uplay
,Not Recommended,220240,28545259,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Spookytown,Pros:The gameCons:Uplay
,Recommended,220240,15285437,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Whiteboy,"Very good game, like.. really good, buy it."
,Recommended,220240,9436686,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,CrEaToR™,amazing game
,Recommended,220240,10495023,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,SuperFly69,Love This Game! :0
,Recommended,220240,10428829,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Super Ray,"The best Far Cry entry to date, captures the tropical feel of the original without the linear gameplay. Great graphics runs well on a mid end pc, this game is at its best when you are liberating stongeholds, allowing you to take any number of approaches to get the job done, highly recommend and cant wait for the next title in the series."
76561198053552680,Recommended,220240,10691589,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,A QILLER,Best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,220240,8470752,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Laiout,Best. Game. Ever! :DDD
76561198041241541,Recommended,220240,10785833,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,So Wat I Swagger?,Skyrim for a modern age!!!
,Recommended,220240,10790327,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Ageuxo,"My all-time favourite game! Great fun, great story, great open world!"
,Recommended,220240,659310,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Chef Curry [trading],"When you were a kid, did you enjoy fantasizing about pirates and magic and such? Well this isnt that. These pirates will kidnap you, hold you for ransom, and then sell you to some sex slave freak. Deranged leaders, funky, drug enduced escapades, and a really odd love life are common elements in this must have game. Sandbox-Story Driven-All around sick-continuation of an already WELL established series."
,Recommended,220240,10596411,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TiberiusFox,"Incredible game, after finishing the storyline I can say it is one of the best games currently in my library. The world is beautiful and the story is immersive. 9/10"
76561197994150850,Recommended,220240,10580358,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Foxtrotsmurf,"fun as hell, love the open exploration part and trying to unlock weapons"
,Recommended,220240,10173041,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Bongo,Amazing game !!! :) :)WOrth the money :)
76561198036962737,Recommended,220240,10544118,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SaintLewis,"I recommend this, but in my opinion I didn't really think it was that great."
76561198059773987,Recommended,220240,10630778,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ChanSkinner,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,220240,10631235,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JackLeeRipper,It's like Pie it makes me feel good!
,Recommended,220240,10604467,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Playboy,I loved this game! It was alot of fun.. I definitely recommend it
76561198046526657,Recommended,220240,10775160,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,n8,Bad guy had a mowhawk 10/10
,Recommended,220240,10775762,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Racters,Bought this game while on the steam sale. Best purchase I've made in a while. This game is awesome.
,Recommended,220240,8723908,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Sadboi Supreme,This game is fun to explore😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀
,Recommended,220240,10669557,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Starving African,Far Cry 3 is a great game with a few pros and cons.Pros- Great story line with intense gameplayComabt is fsat paced and variedLarge mapMany aspects when it comes to craftingHealing is used in 2 very unique waysSide quests that are also grippingCons- Multiplayter is a little lackingCan be very easy
76561198095234257,Recommended,220240,10784143,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Atomic Snail,Skyrim cu arme
76561198067878555,Recommended,220240,10785196,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Brain Damage,"Nice   game , with a  lot  of missions and stuff  you will enjoy it ."
,Recommended,220240,8297662,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Romulos,best fps i ever played / nejlepší fpsko co jsem kdy hrál
,Recommended,220240,8271341,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,_Wintersoul,"Did you know the definition of ""Insanity""? Cause this game did.F*сkin epic open world game!"
76561198055709921,Recommended,220240,8554055,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dadelus,"This may be long, but there are some things about this game that should be known before someone buys it.  I have no idea why the review says I played it for 1 hour or so as I completed the game and it certainly didn't take an hour.  Thanks UPlay and Steam for their accuracy and well done programs.The game is actually very, very good for the most part.  It is interesting and very fun to play with some reasonable challenges for an FPS and has some nice RPG elements thrown in to make it a bit more interesting.  The graphics are pretty good.  The NPC AI was actually good for the animals but I am not sure why people (NPCs) were added.  For example, I found a woman crying on the beach and some guy carrying a piece of ""I"" beam on a road while exploring.  There was no way to interact with them - even just to say ""hi"" let alone what they were doing or if I could help.  It just seemed sort of stupid to have them in the game if they did nor added nothing to the game.  I also wondered why there were groups of the locals standing in locations just shooting guns in the air.  I typically went towards any gun fire I heard, hoping for a nice fight and earning some skill points, but typically found 3 NPCs shooting guns in the air for no reason and no way to find out why.Weapons were not over or under powered and accuracy was pretty darn good as I was doing lots of headshots with various weapons from a pretty good distance.For a FPS, the story wasn't bad, a nice and simple ""go kill the bad guys"" like it should be - but for the minor RPG aspects it was terrible; clichéd, contrived completely uninteresting and didn't add anything to the game that the simple ""go kill the bad guys"" didn't already set as a completely adequate game story.For the most part, the game is quite good and it is well worth buying and playing if you get it on sale for a low, low cost, but I wouldn't pay more than $10.00 for this game - and here's why.  The designers and programmers were lazy or stupid or just didn't care about elements and the game.Walking along and getting stuck on a slight protrusion on the ground is just bad, lazy programming. I constantly hit this glitch entering the village store and on bridges, stairs, in buildings and caves, etc.  It was just annoying and completely distracting when focused in a fire fight and sneaking/running for cover and getting stuck on a door transom 1/2 inch high or getting stuck on a stone path in a cave while trying to skirt some hazard or manoeuvring to figure out how to get over/around some obstacle.  Same with looting a body or chest - if you are not in the exact, correct spot, you have to adjust left-right-back-forward until you hit the sweet spot to get the signal you can now loot, empty, skin or gather the item in front of you.The game is advertised as ""open world"" - it lied.  It isn't open and I constantly ran into a big warning that flashed on the screen that I was leaving the mission area and unless I got back, the mission would fail.  It actually was so linear in places it ruined play.  I want to get to that rock to use my sniper rifle and get a tactical advantage, but I'm 10 feet off the path the game insists I follow so I fail the mission?  Not open world by any definition. Yeah, doing nothing but wandering and exploring is open world, but then it doesn't matter.Cut scenes.  Other than the first conversation cut scene, none of the others actually added anything to the story, didn't aid in doing anything and were just annoying and frustrating and had enough sway and jerk and tilt to make you seasick.  Did I really need to know that some native was in the USA as a mechanic and got made fun of because of his accent?  I'm not sure what this added or why it was in the game.Then there was the times you are getting really involved and things were getting really interesting and... the game takes control of your character, then you have control, then the game, then you, then a big white flash and a fade out and you wake up to a cut scene with your character moaning and groaning and gasping for 2-3 minutes and suddenly with a bright white flash you are back in the game.  It was frustrating, stupid and annoying and ruined some of the best parts of the game. Worse, in some cut scenes the way to get through was by button mashing. Really?  I am fighting some NPC/animal and I have to press ""E"", ""C"", ""mash Space"", ""Left Mouse"", ""Right Mouse"" then ""mash A, A, A"" when cued by a big flashing symbol on the screen to successfully win? I missed everything on the screen because I was watching for the cues on what button to mash.  Annoying and stupid.The Boss fights are incredibly stupid, lame and so wasteful.  You spend time and effort and actually have a ton of fun doing any number of things in the game to build up your character and get skills and abilities and weapons and when you are all prepared for the big Boss fight.... none of it matters.  The stereotyped, native witch with the terrible accent (and she is the ugliest female I have ever seen in a game - and that includes 8-bit games I played years ago) puts you on LSD or some jungle juice drink and you wander through a haze to kill a smoke monster (the easiest Boss I have ever fought-3 arrows to the face and - done) and then you have to stab another stereotyped native with a bad accent holding a magic knife.  No skills needed nor any abilities, just run up to him until the cut scene takes over and you stab him and he dies.  Gee, thanks for making what should be the best and most challenging part of the game just a lame, stupid cut scene.Do I recommend the game?  Yes, but if you get it for a really low cost and can take the frustrating and poorly done parts in stride.  About 2/3 of the game is hugely fun and offers hours of interesting entertainment fighting, looting, exploring and collecting certain items, so again, I'd buy it if it's less than $10.00."
,Recommended,220240,8184246,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kush_Nazi69,Its a great game it is sweet
76561197999996799,Recommended,220240,8146574,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Shake N Bake,The best reason is (Aunt Craig) does not own this.  **NEWS FLASH**
76561198014304033,Recommended,220240,8653224,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,OGJUGGERNAUT,fun game
,Recommended,220240,8622742,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Piggyback™,Yes.
76561198112276868,Recommended,220240,8273565,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Air,Not bad
76561197971911433,Recommended,220240,8527297,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Stratagem,Great all around FPS.  Fun story.
,Recommended,220240,8451089,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,PacketJ,Best rpg I played so far!
76561197966784985,Recommended,220240,8450132,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jackalesque,"Ratings:Replayability:1/5Graphics:4/5Artificial Intelligence:3/5Immersion & Gameplay:4/5Difficulty/Challenge: 3/5Procedural Destruction:2/5Story:4/5Multiplayer:Didn't ExperienceCo-op:4/5Value for money:5/5 (bought on Steam sale)Community:Didn't ExperienceOverall:4/5Tips:- Hold onto skill points for situational events, you cannot respec.- Clear the additional content as you go to get the white stars (re: Handbook[Signature weapons]),- Farm skins early for pouches- Use your potions!- If you are into Co-op, grab the phone app so you can decode additional content for your weapons.Overall:I really enjoyed this game, weapon selection is great, the sandbox side is a great distraction from the story line.Co-op is pretty fun too, I've been playing it with my partner & it is a hoot, specifically the difficulty and the carrot on a stick unlocks.Notable experiences:Frantically trying to reload when a maneater is coming at you, being rewarded by the phat XP when you capture a fortification undetected, sniping targets in quick succession.Games with similar flavour:- Just Cause 2.Cons:- Uses Uplay"
,Recommended,220240,8546428,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,imjordan745,Great Game 9/10
76561198086874965,Recommended,220240,8132080,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,A Random Twinkie,Amazing
,Recommended,220240,8517766,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,VitalSignZz,A GOOD DEAL DUE TO XMAX SALE.. BUY IT BEFORE THE DEAL IS OVER HURRY
,Recommended,220240,8469707,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jabba the Goku,"This is one of the best games I have ever played. The graphics, storyline, and engine all work perfectly together. Definetely reccomend purchasing."
,Recommended,220240,8426815,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kaz,"Not a big gamer but this game is awesome. great graphics, story. love the jungle setting. no regret of buying it, makes me game like I never had."
76561198009640010,Recommended,220240,8605396,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ouch,The best open world shooter I've played in a while.
76561198041934413,Recommended,220240,8509419,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,de4d_n0va,Greatly presented storyline and really fun game overall.
,Recommended,220240,8579986,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,pwnz0r3d,"Wow.What an absolute joy to play compared to the prequel, which was both tedious and bland. I never got around to finish Far Cry 2. This game I want to explore every little corner of, although I suspect that would take an enormous amount of time.The tropical island the game is set upon is huge. The missions and challenges seem endless. I recon playing through only the main storyline make the game shortlived, but then you're missing the point of the game entirely. Far Cry 3 is meant to be explored and behind every rock and palmtree, you always find something new worth exploring.Compared to the desert in Far Cry 2, the jungle (not surprisingly) feel much more alive. Birds and all kinds of animals inhabit all of the island, and they're not just hunting you. They're hunting each other too. At one point I came across a pack of hyenas hunting a flock of wild boars. Chasing after them with my sniper rifle, killing a couple of wild dogs in the process, a big tiger suddenly jumps one of the smaller predators. Superb.When you start the game, pirates have also set up countless of bases all around the island. They too seem aware of the surroundings, and after you liberate camps during the game for the islands natives, you will often meet the two factions in random encounters.The characters you follow in the main storyline are also great, the random and rich optional quests keeps the game fresh throughout, and the graphics are just beautiful to behold even on a lower spec computer like myself.The game runs almost flawless on PC, all the important options are present both for the novice and more advanced gamer. The only somewhat annoying problem I had, was that the game refused to stay in fullscreen between plays. Could have been my computer, but the borderless window-option in the menu eliminated the problem for me.Two things worth mentioning is that the game uses UPlay on top of Steam. I've had no issues with it, but it might put some buyers off. Also I have yet to try multiplayer in the game, which makes this review somewhat lacking.I got the game on one of the Steam-sales dirt cheap, but it's well worth the investment full price also. All in all a great, great game. Well done Ubisoft."
76561197966137009,Recommended,220240,8562619,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Cpt.Thunderpants,"A superb game! Silvanus, you really ought to get this one! The same goes for the rest of you guys!"
76561197970530678,Recommended,220240,8914644,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Argh!,"Far Cry 3 is a brilliantly executed open-world First Person Adventure. Many call this an FPS, but that’s only a small facet of this game. I enjoyed the first half of the game, but I had to will myself to cross the finish line.  FC3 has many “tacked-on” elements that don’t really add to the experience. It has “crafting” and a “skill tree” that could have easily been absorbed in to the games progression, as neither really changes your game experience beyond expanding your inventory capacity or adding a new way to take out enemies. A decent player will have both maxed out well before the end-game.The weapon progression was fun; especially the high powered weapons that send enemies flying on impact. The addition of weapon mods was nice, but arbitrary. The mods were only available on the higher tiers of weapons, and limited to an artificial cap. The mod categories are suppression, magazine size, and optics (in some cases you could stack optic choices, like adding night vision to a long range scope); unfortunately the designers chose to artificially limit the number of attachments and only allow them on top tier weapons. The result is a huge number of underused weapons. I might have experimented with more of the lower tier weapons if they were upgradable. This would not have thrown off balance since there was so much redundancy in weapon choices anyway.The story starts with strong conflict which cements you in to the mythos quickly. I enjoy hardboiled tales as much as the next guy, but there was very little foil to the darkness  and grittyness. For a 40+ hour experience, it would have been nice to have some humor and light hearted content mixed in to the hard hitting main quest. There were some likeable characters along the way – Vass was a good “bad-guy”, Sam was a lot of fun, and the deep cover agent straight out of Miami Vice was a nice touch, but I found I was less interested in the main story and more interested in my own exploration. The number of times I got shot, stabbed, drowned, and “left for dead” started to become an in-joke (they even mention it in the game).Overall I would lump this game in to the same family as Skyrim or Fallout 3, both of which far eclipse this game in story and progression. The area that Far Cry shines is in the gameplay mechanics, and the interaction with the world. I felt much more in control of my characters physicality which ultimately sustained my intrest allowing me to play through to the end. (The wingsuit is AWESOME!) I really did get the feeling of being a one-man-army action-hero without it feeling like I was dealing with idiotic AI. It’s worth playing and I look forward to seeing how they improve this franchise going forward."
76561198115522263,Recommended,220240,8296944,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ΧΡΥΣΟ ΡΟΥΘΟΥΝΙ,Great game!Can work with most average pc's in the appropriate settings.Bad♥♥♥♥♥graphics and really improved assets from the previous Far Cry which i didnt like.On a steam sale its a mus have!
,Recommended,220240,8917431,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ValleyDeer,"For anyone who likes a good adventure, hard-core story line game. Far Cry 3 is what you want! The story will either bring a tear to your eye, or rage in your blood. Either way, the amazing graphics, will take your breath away. The game has both a combat, and survival aspect with a wido range of weapons to choose from.Learn the past of the island, and learn the story behind Jason...-Valley."
,Recommended,220240,9483414,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,notavent,"despite all the uplay/ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you have to put up with, it is one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played, good story, good gameplay, good character development, and cool how you don't have to do missions, you can just baz around in cars, kill animals and♥♥♥♥♥♥ :D 10/10 do recommend."
,Recommended,220240,9498187,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,It's all so tiresome,"Far cry is a great first person free roaming game which is non-linear, meaning you can choose to do what you want within the game.  You can choose to hunt animals for skins to upgrade your equipment, hunt for collectibles, win races, conquer outposts controlled by pirates and so on.The actual story missions could be little less linear and more varied but it does the job. It has some memorable characters in it (Vaas, Bambi, Sam Becker, Hoyt)The co-op missions are a lot of fun, my problems with it is the public co-op, and the fact that you cannot choose the map you want to play unless you're the host, which doesn't happen often.  This leaves you to be slotted into a map which you might not want to play because you've played it too much or you would like get the achievement for completing another map.By the way, you do not get the acheivement for a map if you entered the map half way through a session - you must start from scratch. Another issue with entering a session midway through is you have to wait until the other players reach the next checkpoint to actually start playing which can take a long time on some maps and difficulties.This can all be avoided if you can organize private games using private co-op with your friends.Multi-player is the same old stuff really. It's not bad, but if you were honestly going to play a multiplayer fps, there are better ones out there.I came to this game from the position of never having played a game in this series before; so if you're in the same boat you wont be disappointed."
76561197970266696,Recommended,220240,9660221,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Lou Cifer,"OK, so the single player is decent.  Good, even.  The action is fast-paced, you have many options for gameplay, from stealth to tank, the crafting is just engaging enough to keep you hunting and gathering materials, and the voice acting is tip-top.  The main problem is, boss battles that should be adrenaline-pumped shoot-em-ups end up being ridiculous QTE (that's Quick Time Events, for the blissfully unfamiliar), where you're following on-screen prompts to click/press buttons at the right times.  This is very disappointing, since the production quality has you pumped and ready for a battle royale.  However, it is not nearly as disappointing as coop and multiplayer.  The coop servers are down constantly.  Coop itself is buggy and glitchy, to this day.  The random bugs that permeate coop would, in my opinion, be unacceptable for launch day, let alone all this time later.  Yet they persist, and Ubi does nothing to rectify the problem.  I still have been unable to finish coop, because on those occassions I try to connect, the servers are often down, or buggy and not working.In summary, get this game on sale, and play single-player.  Pretend the boss fights were cool, and move on.  Probably the last Ubi title I buy.  Oh, and UPlay is required, and it is ridiculous."
76561198062875505,Recommended,220240,9313387,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Drake,awsome game love the hunting and crafting
76561198109481419,Recommended,220240,9278938,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,The arkham killer,the story is great wonderful character its lovely vass is a great character aswell hoyt to still though endings are good and crapbuy it though
,Recommended,220240,5562005,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Meeebil,"If you are and FPS fan, I strongly recommend getting this game. The graphics are great, it has well done stealth mechanics, and fun challenges to go through. And if you get bored of that (which you probably won't for a while), there is co-op to play. You can even create unique scenarios using the built in level editor, although it isn't well optimized for PC. The game also has a multiplayer mode, but it lacks creativity, and get old quickly.The singleplayer is immersive, with tons of replayability, an awesome story, and amazing characters. The characters help to make the already great story even livelier, especially the fun and creative villains, such as Vaas. You can also go collecting relics and selling the animal pelts that you collected. With card games, hunting, and much more, the Rook Islands never get old.The multiplayer isn't as well made as other FPS multiplayers, and definitely the weaker side of the game. It has a good bit of replay value with a level up feature, but again, you'll probably be spending more time on singleplayer.I personally give the game a strong 9/10."
,Recommended,220240,9408975,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Dr. Adam,"Good game, but Uplay won't let me play it. ♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft....To the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198027953004,Recommended,220240,8891452,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,machine_hed,This game is the♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,220240,9246375,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Can't touch this!! ^^,I recommend the game's singleplayer part cause sooo amazing! but i dont recommend the game's multiplayer section cause it has the most ♥♥♥♥♥ier matchmaking system I've ever seen.. host migration on every match.. lvl75 player with lvl1 players.. terrible system.. and of course with my friends we can't play the co-op for an unknown bug..
76561198025408872,Recommended,220240,8180616,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MarkZerolifePodcast,A game that allows you to make alive turtles into unalive turtles.
,Recommended,220240,4120309,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,KDStudios (Dan),"Far Cry (1) = Meh, an okay FPS shooter. Far Cry 2 = Oooh Ni- Oh... That's... Oh... Nice game/bad game. Far Cry 3 = OMGOMGOMG AMAZING.Yeah... Basically Far Cry 3 is what Far Cry 2 SHOULD have been. It's improved on pretty much every aspect. You can play how you want to play, you can play as rambo or a ninja... It's completely up to you. Hunt animals, craft things and better understand the definition of insanity? Count me in. Buy this game... Now. Vaas said so."
76561198058844242,Recommended,220240,7901651,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Radioactive Doggo,This game lets you explore 2 islands as jason brody it is a sandbox game and you can play it however you want
76561198072514180,Recommended,220240,9293650,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,se.noam,WOW.A brilliant game. Some of it's features reminded me of Assassin's Creed (which is a good thing). Very recommended!
,Recommended,220240,9278427,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nylbot,Shoot Sharks with arrows because too scared to get in the water10/10 for the physics engine letting me chicken out.
,Recommended,220240,8432256,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Derek V,"What do i say this game is amazing. First the PC version is he best version,the game really benefits the game and the frame-rates are much higher and the graphics look so much better. While we're on the subject of graphics. The game looks beautiful the huge island enviroment really showcases the Dunia 2 engine. The story is a mixed bag while the main story is fairly generic and your friends are a bit irritating and your character is not very believeable or likeable and he is terribly voiced but apart form them the voice acting is amazing especialy for two enemies Vaas and Buck who are excellenty voiced. There is a multiplayer mode which is fun but a bit shallow. The co-op is better but a bit Left 4 Dead-ish and isn't that long but the characters are excellent. The gameplay is amazing the gunplay feels very powerful and smooth and the stealth is done well even though enemies seem to spot you a bit too well and the exploration and hunting of animals for resources is very engaging and the skill tree while interesting is a bit pointless and would be better if it was more straightforward.Very much recommended a masterpiece"
76561198063807741,Recommended,220240,11010824,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,RynoR,"One of the Best games i've ever played on pc. Brilliant graphicsa and visuals, stunning gameplay, hightly captivating story, an Insane yet charismatic villain whom you'll just love to hate, plus an arsenal of weapons, vehicles, wildlife will just keep you entertained the whole time! An easy 10/10!Get the Game! You won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,220240,11021592,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Songboh!,Good plot; very engaging gameplay experience. Highly recommended for FPS lovers
,Recommended,220240,11023105,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Superspence,"Very good, very in depth game. Lots of fun. Will spend many hours on this. Much better on pc then playing this on the console."
76561197999529051,Recommended,220240,10762726,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DeathsHead [GR],"very very good gameplay, nice story, nice graphics!! 10/10 by me that believed from the demo that it would be very hard to play"
,Recommended,220240,1186578,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Rusty007,"This game is tons of fun.  First run thru with some sidetracking from main story (side missions/exploring etc.) was roughly 30+ hours.  Graphics are great and look beautiful on max settings, runs well, and I had few to no bug issues other then you have to have a UPlay account as well (what's up with that?).I feel FC3 took best of FC1&2 and then made it even better.  With only a few minor complaints from me (miss in game map from FC2/some side missions boring/had no reward for completing) but most were optional stuff that did not have to be done. On top that it has multiplayer and a really fun co-op that is 4  different people on a nearby island that are not part main story. So get this game and go swim with sharks, blow up jeeps/bases/crocodiles? and explore the islands.***9/10***"
,Recommended,220240,10944754,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,X'ta'Z,Awsome Game!
,Not Recommended,220240,10921695,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Luke Kelly,"The gameplay is descent, but the game overstays it's welcome with an overly long self-important story and campaign. The later bosses are tedious and frustrating, where they could have been interesting like the Metroid series bosses are. There's no pleasure, or sense of skillful mastery in beating them.It feels like a game designed by committee, with many missions that play great, with tense atmosphere and satisfying firefights, only to be ruined by inept level-designers on other missions.Overall a schizophrenic mess of a game, with occasional moments of brilliance."
76561198050945401,Recommended,220240,10963644,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Denim Chicken,"Good game, would recommend, 5/5 :)"
,Recommended,220240,9258938,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Dr Lindberg,"Stab animals and people. Take their skin, make a throne of bones and hides. Reject your girlfriend because she doesn't understand your love for violently murdering the natives."
,Recommended,220240,6531884,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,MoBaXer,"That the word WOW! ithink is one of the best game i ever played.Really nice open world game, you can do so many things in the world like to open Conquer Enemy camp kill animals and get is skin , you can craft items like ammo bags and more! The Adventure are amazing and the storyline is Great! in the game you can activated radio Towers and get a free weapons from the store, the gamplay in the game is nice you can hide from enemies to Hunt to swim and too fly !the Graphics is Very nice!! the island are perfect , actually all the single player are perfect! Lets talk about the Co op , the co op is very fun to play with friends nice gamplay missions and Challenges . now lets talk about the multiplayer, nah... thats the word the multiplayer are boring and dont give a somthing Special , there is not many maps wepons and levels. the multiplayer and the co op is only a Bonus to the nice single player , the co op is great but the multiplayer boring.Story - 10/10gamplay - 8.5/10Graphics-10/10sound - 8/10co op - 9.5/10multiplayer - 4/10my score to FarCry 3 - 8.3(only the multiplayer are worst)so one thins to tell BUY IT nice story adventure co op and more!"
76561197963917731,Recommended,220240,10969302,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Rage,"Awesome game, even after finishing the story 3 times I am still resetting the outposts and going back arround re-capturing them."
,Recommended,220240,11202594,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,doomed,"If you like FPS games, you're going to love this.Don't let the open-world intimidate you, the story line is in fact big, but structured enough so you dont get lost.The game map (the islands) is super huge with a lot of sidequests. There will be exploration, meaning running and driving through the wilderness, looking for animals to skin, plants to craft syringes (they act as powerups) and other items to collect. This does consume a lot of time.There's a vast realistic arsenal in the game, but it takes time to have them all available. So in the beginning you might feel kinda weak but keep on! My best suggestion is to unlock the radio towers first, they bring map visibility and immediate weapon unlocks on the town shops.Visuals are awesome, really beautiful, and the controls are good (I wish there was more keyboard shortcuts though).Menus and options are well organized and presented. This game is technically perfect.Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,220240,11202008,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,The Good Sir Hatter,"Considering this game was hyped to all hell, I figured that I would at least kind of enjoy the experience. And to an extent, I did, but some horribly glaring issues with the game just ruined it all for me.Now the first thing I want to note before I go into any of this is that I played through Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon before this, and I loved the experience. That game was silly and marvelous, and I would recommend it in a heartbeat. This game, however, manages to be worse than the game that was done on a significantly lower budget running on the same engine. Here's why:First, the mission design is repetitive as all hell. For the most part your missions boil down to ""Go into restricted zone X to find/kill/blow up Y and then leave restricted zone X"". Practically every story mission is like this. And practically every side mission is like this as well, even the hunting missions. It turned into kind of a chore to do everything, and that's bad. It worked better in Blood Dragon because even though it had the same problem, it was on a much, MUCH smaller scale. You were a badass supersoldier who could zoom over to your objective in less than 10 seconds and it'd be done even faster. In Far Cry 3 it takes more time to get where you're going, and then more time to do what you're doing, which makes what used to be a niggling complaint a gigantic complaint.Second, too many turret sections. I should not have to explain this, but I will: game developers and designers, nobody wants to sit in the same spot holding down LMB for fifteen minutes while you scroll a background for us. It's not fun, it's not satisfying, it's boring, and it's tedious, and Far Cry 3 has turret sections out the♥♥♥♥♥ This is a crime against game design, and whoever's smart idea this was should be hanged upside down by their pinkie toes for even suggesting it.Third, crafting and RPG elements are super underutilized and feel utterly tacked on. If you're going to put crafting or RPG mechanics into your game, make it INTERESTING. Make it so you have to actually BUILD A CHARACTER, so you actually have to DISCOVER IMPORTANT CRAFTING RECIPES, not this. Far Cry 3's leveling system comes down to this: kill everyone in sight until you ding, get the next linear upgrade, rinse, lather, repeat. The skills you perk into hardly ever have an effect on gameplay, and when they do, all they are is another canned animation for your takedown that is hardly ever useful. I never used the grenade takedown, I never used the hanging takedown, I hardly used the double takedown, when I did it wasn't useful, I didn't use the chained takedown, I didn't use the knife takedown, and I didn't use the gun takedown. All I used were the vanilla takedown, the heavy takedown (which is just the vanilla takedown on big enemies), and the death from above takedown. Everything else was stupid and pointless. And the other skills were dumb things like ""Reload faster"" or ""Get more money from looting"" or ""Reload when aimed down sights"".Part deux of point three, the crafting is terrible. All you do is farm out animals to get bigger bags and then just get all the green plants for nonstop healing items. There is no reason to get anything except green plants after you acquire all the bag upgrades, and it could have been used for something interesting. Let me make special weapons, or traps, let me use all this stuff, let me fashion some jerryrigged armor SOMETHING, ANYTHING. Instead it's ""Got all the bags? Okay now all the animals are walking money go nuts."" Horrible crafting system, they should have just left it out altogether.And finally, the story is just absolutely pathetic. Now, before you jump down my throat about it let me make this perfectly clear: I loved Vaas and Hoyt. They were excellently written characters. Unfortunately, this game does not star either one of those characters, it stars Jason Brody, a moron who claims to have never shot a gun, yet guns down armies of pirates and privateers like he's been doing it since he came out of the womb, and is ""super serious"" about saving his friends, but can't keep himself from making stupid pop culture references every thirty seconds. This character ruined literally the entire story. The game can't decide if it wants to be silly or serious, so it tries to do both and it fails utterly. The ludonarrative dissonance in this game is just insane levels of bad, and you just want to murder Jason by the end of it all. I'll go so far as to say that this is probably the worst story I've seen in a game, not because the concept of the story is bad, but because the execution is just awful.All in all, I would say skip this game and just get Blood Dragon. Blood Dragon doesn't have any of these problems, even the turret sections are more toned down, and frankly they're actually well executed. Blood Dragon succeeds in everything Far Cry 3 fails in and more, and it's cheaper as well. So, yeah, just get Blood Dragon. Just get Blood Dragon. What I'm saying is buy Blood Dragon."
76561198049124398,Recommended,220240,11226135,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Red Marlin,"The first half of this game is a masterpiece.  The second half is terrible.  But overall, I am very glad I got it, and I will always remember it.The first half of the game has very enjoyable gameplay, and I like that you can choose whether you want to be stealthy or just go full-on Rambo with guns ablaze.  Taking over strongholds were definitely the best part of the game for this reason - it's you, a bunch of bad guys, and it's all up to you how you deal with it.The missions throw this tactic out the window.  For the first half of the game, you are pretty much forced to use stealth tactics, and for the second half, it's basically Call of Duty type shooting.  Speaking of which...The second half of the game throws all tactics out the window, and in my opinion, it was thoroughly unenjoyable.  Whereas with any other part of the game, you can approach the enemies however you want, in several of the missions in the second half, they don't even spawn until you are about ten feet away, meaning if you were relying on the bow or the sniper (like I was), tough luck ya ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  If you insist upon playing the second part of the game, my advice would be to carry: a large machine gun, a shotgun, a rocket launcher, and one type of long range weapon.  Stealth matters no more.Obviously, Vaas is the best character in the game.  But after he's gone (don't think I'm spoiling anything there), the game just felt empty - you're only halfway done after that point, and Hoyt is not the same, not by a long shot.  I kept playing just to see the ending that everyone was talking about, and even that was pretty disappointing.So to sum it up: if you get this game, my advice would be to play the first half of the game and enjoy it to its fullest, then either go full-on sandbox and forget the story or drop the game altogether and just watch the ending on Youtube.  You're missing nothing between the two."
76561198123885276,Recommended,220240,10609162,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Blackwatch,"Really cool and fun game, dispite Ubisoft's rediculus Ubiplay mandatory set up. It might take you a day to get through all the DRM but the game is sold. Well, solid except for multiplayer, no one ♥♥♥♥s up multiplayer like Ubisoft. Worth picking up on a sale"
,Recommended,220240,11188965,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,SponsoredByDoritos,"Swam with sharks, got molested by a croc, climbed a radio tower, ziplined into a base full of pirates, a tiger walked in and killed them, found a cave full of bears, ran away, bought a flamethrower, went back to the cave, returned with a new wallet, then I rode a jet-ski into the sunset.After that I played Far Cry 3.Solid game: 8/10"
,Recommended,220240,11896349,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Patreeeek,This game could slay Battlefield and Call of Duty if it got more attention :). 20 bucks is tottaly worth the game you get a unforgivable single-player experiance and multiplayer + co-op where you can have even more fun with you're 3 friend's :D.I TOTTALY SUGGEST THIS GAME ITS OWSOME!! 100/10 SRSLY.
,Recommended,220240,9377849,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,c53,"Solo-player is great, but if u test the co-op you will start crying. Too many bugs and no story what so ever. I shows how much little they really cared about making it co-op. Plz fixxx!!!"
,Recommended,220240,8319642,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,^4[DAMN] ^7RadiKarl Marx,(Y)
76561198059918479,Recommended,220240,10935402,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Rook Lean,awesome game its open world you can hunt you can go stealthy and kill all silently or you can go freakin rampage through the pirates and kill everyone this game got everything you want totaly worth to buy this game
76561197986619123,Recommended,220240,11701374,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,GreenT,"An all rounded great game, a must play for the hunting enthusiast.- De"
76561198043646970,Recommended,220240,16369530,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Asterix,Awesome game I would recommend giving a try.
76561198102875100,Recommended,220240,11484069,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Big Dick Eugene,"Great game with a really good story mode and there are the graphics , damn they are awesome. There is also co op but not many people play it but then there's multiplayer and you would not expect to find people but there is so much competition and its so great with challenges and unlocks you are going to be spending hours on this game"
,Recommended,220240,14639551,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,kraft mayo is real mayo fellas,stealthy sneaky touch your butt guy strikes again
,Recommended,220240,19074654,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Chan chan man,"remove uplay,i dont want 2 services between my game."
,Recommended,220240,10867854,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pheonix,"this game is very good. graphics are great, the story line is very gripping and very good for killing time. i could spend a whole day on this and forget where time went"
,Recommended,220240,7436936,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,mitaz,great game
,Recommended,220240,1358717,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,moemiko,this game is awesome！
,Recommended,220240,1848334,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Jucifer,Amazing open-world and endles possibilities.
,Recommended,220240,7319893,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Tashi,"Pretty awesome game :) The story is kinda so-so (the storywriter says how many things there are hidden in the story, but good luck catching them). Graphics are awesome, of course. It crashed a lot on my machine, but I don't really know why. Just do yourself a favor and don't do all the side missions. You'll have more money and XP than you can ever spend anyways."
,Recommended,220240,18583386,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,tuyu ...jp2015,good!good!good!!!!
,Recommended,220240,19491995,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Я ПО ДЕФОЛТУ ПИДОРАС (RUS),|З  from  |OÄ \/\/ e $ Ò /√\ Ë
,Recommended,220240,19497371,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Peterson,I recommend this game for anyone who likes free world shooter games. I liked it so much!
,Recommended,220240,7911969,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,wknd,"Baught this game yesterday, it makes so much fun, it has the same fun-factor as FC2, but with more things you can do!The only thing i dont like is that there are only a few weapon variations..But i still love it!"
76561198067851126,Recommended,220240,6511926,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Dread Baron Beardly,Pretty much one of the greatest adventures you will ever embark upon.
76561198009170789,Recommended,220240,19660106,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Getonic,"The game itself, is the best game i have ever played...1. Awsome Gameplay and environment2. Excellent Storyline and Characters3. Even the music... - well done4. Brilliant game mechanicsThis game made me go from MMO's back to single player.Couldn't stop once i started playing. -Love it :D"
76561198123707077,Recommended,220240,16858587,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,James,i learned the defination of insanity10/10
,Recommended,220240,7507838,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Elkinda,Escort missions make me want to kill myself.
,Recommended,220240,1014710,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,My name is Panzersreck,Why you no realase at midnight
76561198149985012,Recommended,220240,19729046,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DarkBot,Awesome game.One downside. I keep crashing. If anyone knows the reason for this please post a comment on my profile!Thanks!!
,Recommended,220240,20201522,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mutated Izzy,"I wish I could go skydiving with my friends, get kidnapped, have my brother killed right in front of me, get a badass tattoo, have sex with a crazy island woman, slice my own ex-girlfriends throat and become a total badass wholly and completely before I get stabbed in the chest by said crazy sexy island woman and impregnate her with a perfectly insane warrior tattoo seed.P.S. It's confirmed after you become a badass, all of your individual sperm become tattoo'd and buff and theres a DLC coming out where you play as it."
76561198255494900,Recommended,220240,20066817,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,noob1996,"Recently purchased, very good game for the £3 I paid for it."
76561198110877912,Recommended,220240,20069006,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,kspilla,Fantastic  gaming experience!!! Storyline was really well thought of and the game dynamics were excellent! Looking forward to Farcry 4
,Recommended,220240,14380339,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,currymonster,"Beautiful open world island with plenty to do (outposts, main missions, side missions, hunting, crafting, different collectibles) I was most impressed with how stealth was added in this game, because it was totally absent from far cry 2. Taking outposts undetected might be the most satisfying thing ever."
76561198058701120,Recommended,220240,19919239,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Raduk,Welcome to the Jungle  .... the rest is up to you
76561198091864962,Recommended,220240,15023525,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Doge_Butt,Spend half an hour trying to kill a pig with a blowtorch.10/10 would do it again
76561197985817755,Recommended,220240,10586954,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hiero,i like this game and it was fun when i got to shoot tigers and the indigenous island people lol
,Recommended,220240,30739975,Posted: 25 March,all,★The Flame★,Cool Game.
76561198060177989,Recommended,220240,22232500,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Toast Hero,Great game
,Recommended,220240,10533865,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Kappa,Hodor
76561198064002690,Recommended,220240,22144892,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,gallant12,"great fun, choose how you play either as a hunter in the jungle, a kick♥♥♥♥♥movie heroc bringing down entire forts or as a ruin explorer uncovering the vast collectibles"
76561198177544543,Recommended,220240,22156011,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,JuccTheJuulMan,Don't install mods because it will make it not start but overall it is a great game
,Not Recommended,220240,15438173,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Tomek ''Jawor JR'' Jaworski,Nie chce odpalić .... :(
76561198017240287,Recommended,220240,13020892,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Frankencookie,"One of the best Open world games I've ever played, runs smoothly, always something to do. You can go around shooting pirates, hunting animals for hides, drive around, fly handgliders, drive boats, sink boats, use ziplines and crash around in vehicles. Its really well made and kept me gripped throughout. The story was good, and i actually got emotional at one point, which is an achievement."
76561198158671060,Recommended,220240,22189552,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Defalt,Terima kasih
,Recommended,220240,22194099,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,_sadboyy,My game crash when i try to install nude mod T T
76561198049671077,Not Recommended,220240,11148562,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ghosts12000,game was fun untill i needed to re install it and u-play wouldn't let me use my activation code and wants me to re buy it for $100 so i won't be playing this again and i now advise against it
,Recommended,220240,19190551,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,✪ Anarchy,"Still the best in the series.Pros:Phonomenal open worldVaas and his Insanity monologueWide variety of weapons with 90% fully customisableFun and challenging co-opHunting missions with good rewardsMuch easier crafting than Far Cry 4Less animals out to kill you than Far Cry 4NO F***ING EAGLES!Better characters and voice acting than Far Cry 2Interesting map editorPretty good storyMultiplayer victory actionsCons:Vehicles slightly over-powered and take getting used toVaas not the main villain and is killed off too quicklyMap Editor not very user-friendly and hard to findMultiplayer very simple, a Far Cry skinned COD cloneLimited Singleplayer replay valueUplay.Overall Rating: 9.1/10 Has its downsides but they don't take away from the overall experience."
,Recommended,220240,22228416,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,King1220,Great game with a lot of things to do. Also hunting is fun
,Recommended,220240,17693933,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Dahbbi,i lov the open world in this game
,Recommended,220240,13144731,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Broseph,I only played a little but it was fun.
76561198057112972,Recommended,220240,26879963,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,(DK) tobias_the_newb,i love this game :D
,Recommended,220240,27003317,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,wayv,"iconic, best story telling and character development i have ever experienced in a game."
,Recommended,220240,10311337,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Berserkhead,"It's good, but it's not good. 10/10 Would play."
76561198031946260,Recommended,220240,11512300,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Ambulance for :,"I don't try to write a revew as a professional , I'm a normal Gamer who loves play well done games and my revew is for this kind of people . Far cry 3 is far a great game , History is very nice , action is present mostly of the time and the best at the way you want to play it , graphics are really good and the missions of the game out of the main history offer you extra hour of playin , good music , dialogues and more. it worth to buy this game and if its in Sale just DON'T DOUBT you will enjoy !"
76561198064949395,Recommended,220240,7964824,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Lakai,It brings first person shooters to a whole new level!! The whole game is in first person! Its a must have!!!!!!
,Recommended,220240,11629846,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,me gusta,"Far Cry 3 is a fun game. Its not an amazing game but it will entertain you as you leap, shoot, glide and c4 your way through the main storyline.Inventory system is a joke tho and made me skip all the sidemissions. Who knew you could mess it up so much :(Finally UPlay is required... which is really stuipid. Its achievements look amaturish and the fact that they give you 'points' for watching their game trailers on youtube is laughable.Pick it up on sale next time and it will be worth the play time through the main story. The rest can go away."
76561198009535458,Recommended,220240,24141718,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,KabutoKai,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome for simulating being a commando in the jungle, rambo style.Sneakin around shanking badguys and going from a complete wimp to a badass is a cool story!I managed to run this game on intel integrated graphics (win 10) and also I had no UPLAY problems so idk anything about that - probably just lucky. The only issues with UPLAY I really had was the long♥♥♥♥♥instal (once the game is installed ya gotta install UPLAY) and if you have no internet connection the main menu is ♥♥♥♥ing slow because it tries to connect to their servers, even if you just wanna craft some♥♥♥♥♥♥If you want a cool shooting game with a story and some stealth and rpg♥♥♥♥♥♥in it go for it but dont get your hopes up cos it looks like you might get rekt by ubisoft or pc problems, dunno, get it in a sale dude!"
,Recommended,220240,24141614,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,NotASpyForSure,"Alright, well I forgot to finish the review. Good game, great? Eh, maybe. Gameplay felt good, plot was decent, I didn't like Jason, he got to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198055689080,Recommended,220240,9683071,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Curvity,"Very good game, many♥♥♥♥♥♥ gud driving go-carts"
,Recommended,220240,18557873,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Turkey Warrior,"This Game is Beautiful and I have a pretty low end laptop but I still manage to runit on low quality at 30 fps. I decided to get this game because my friend had it on the Xbox and he let me have a shot at it and it was amazing, this game is alot more challenging and longer than far cry 4 because in that you can use a goddamn grenade launcher while driving a car. I bought this on sale Deluxe edition for $10 but it is way worth $30 normally. 10/10 better fish AI"
76561198070060835,Recommended,220240,9385293,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Spunk.Monster,"has great graphics, fun game play and the campaign can be completed in about 25 hours. even after you've completed the main campaign theres still loads of side quest's to do on the island."
,Recommended,220240,8150648,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bob,gött
76561198093139941,Recommended,220240,24247764,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,RedShirt,Vas is one of my favorite villains ever. This game is basically Skyrim on an island with pirates and tribesmen also guns.not much to say other than it's consistanly fun. 7/10.
,Recommended,220240,10788009,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Birdy,"Far Cry 3 Is an awesome and immersive single player open-world experience. At first it seems a bit overwhelming that there are so many things to do on two large islands. Soon after it becomes second nature once you learn skills and crafting. I liked the whole hunt and survive kind of aspect a lot more than just the cliche urban gangster.The game looks amazing no matter where you are, which makes adventuring through the tropical foliage even more amusing. It starts to get easy once you're halfway through the game, but once you go to Hoyt's island the difficulty ramps up a bit more, and tests your skills once again. The side missions aren't too bad either, and the roles that you have to fufill when liberating the island pose a nice challenge when you don't feel like doing a story mission.Which brings me to one of the few things that I dislike about this game. It doesn't let you save during your story mission, so I had to do around 3 missions twice in a row since this game was prone to crashing on my system. Some other minor bugs/problems are that if you use a custom control scheme you might have to switch back to default since the ""mash"" buttons aren't maped with certain layouts. Another is that you have to be spot on with doing climbing or looting since the areas of interaction with those are smaller.These minor flaws aside, It is a very enjoyable experience being the biggest badass on the island. Every weapon is fun to use, and there's enough diversity in the enemies to keep you on your toes with strategy. The stealth combat is also fun and rewarding. The skill tree will make you want to play more, then feel satisfied after you link together takedowns and throw knifes at unsuspecting enemies. Hunting is also a plus for me, since It's also a necessity for being able to have a larger inventory. The XP system still makes you work for building up your skills and strategies instead of letting you unlock everything after you get a few points. Transportation around the island is awesome as well, flying, ziplining, boating, buggy or ATV racing, won't make you bored when you're trying to reach your destination. The AI in the game isn't the greatest but that's okay since It can either work hilariously in your favor or it can make you create awesome combos for your own ameusment. Hard mode is what I felt most comfortable on, which presented easy battles roaming through the island but made me have to use better tactics and crafting for story missions.The storyline didn't disapoint me either, It was easy to follow along and had nice twists in it. It just seems awkward that Jason is able to escape death so many times, he just seems like the luckiest man on earth. The personas of the characters were amusing and did make me laugh at points. The personalities of the villans made me dislike them quickly as well. This made it so that you felt more like Jason himself, and wanted revenge on all the tyrants of the islands. It's a tough fight, but if you enjoy the game as well as I did, you'll find yourself playing at least a full 24 hours of the storyline. I shouldn't have a problem going for 100% in the post-game either!Minus the bugs and small mistakes that Ubisoft has made with the game, I give it a stable 9 out of 10. It looks great, is a very tactical yet amusing FPS, and has a unique story/survival aspect to it that makes it a real keeper. For re-playability purposes, just join with a friend and do the CO-OP missions if you don't want to do all the secrets or side quests after the story. There's almost always something fun to do in Far Cry 3, and I'm glad I've got to enjoy it."
,Recommended,220240,13339869,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,TrashCat™,awesome game
76561197966560234,Recommended,220240,9501420,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Korn Prime,"Far Cry 3 takes the best of both FC1 and 2, adds some hallucinogenic drugs to the mix and shakes violently into a volatile, rainbow coloured goo.And what makes the game? Vaas. The glint in his eyes, the smirk as if it's all a big joke you've failed to get, the way he talks...you know from the get go this is one insane ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The disappointing thing is, Vaas is the main baddie of the game for 2/3 of the game, when the stage is set up for going after his boss, Hoyt. And if you feel Vaas looks dangerous, wait till you see Hoyt. Colder, more calculating, Hoyt is Ras Al Ghul to Vaas' Joker to your Batman. But as dangerous as Hoyt is, he's nowhere near as disturbingly enticing or charismatic as Vaas.The story goes, you're a privileged American youth by the name of Jason Brody, having an awesome vacation on some tropical islands with your two brothers, your brother's girlfriend, your girlfriend, and three more friends, two of which happen to be a couple. A real Brody Bunch, so to speak.You skydive into an island and then it all goes south: you're taken hostage by modern pirates lead by Vaas, to be ransomed and/or sold into slavery. You escape and are taken in by Dennis, a social reject who found his place on the island among the Rakyat, a tribe of native warriors who seem keen to welcome outsiders in their inner circle, lead by the subtly crazy Citra.Thus begins a tale of rescuing your friends one by one, while at the same time doing a bit of background soul searching and discovering your true self as a born warrior, supported by a cast of really well voiced and animated characters, like the aforementioned bunch, the villains (including Buck, who likes to f...) and supporting characters such asDr. Earnhardt. The tale takes you places, progressing at an interesting pace for the most part with minor twists and turns and even a couple of big ones, even making you do things you really didn't think you'd have to do. Subjects such as violence, drugs, change, relationships, power, even♥♥♥♥♥♥ nothing seems to be off limits. It all results in a positively ♥♥♥♥ed up choice at the end, which can be very hard depending on how invested you are in the story by the time you have to make it. The main story, however, cinematic as it may be, is merely the tip of the iceberg.The island feels huge, and having all this environment and not filling it with stuff to do would be a real shame. Good thing they didn't pass by the opportunity, then. Let's attempt to explain how this works (a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of info incoming).*Most of the things you do in the game (including killing enemies impressively , ie, stealthily or instantly) will give you an amount of xp. Each time you level up, you'll have the choice of spending a skill point on your mystical tatau (a fancy tattoo given to you by the Rakyat) to gain new abilities or enhance existing ones. The path of the Heron focuses on range and mobility, the path of the Shark (bizzarely) focuses on healing and destruction and the path of the Spider focuses on stealth and trade. The tattoo will be visibly changing on your character as you level up.*The game has a relatively simple but effective crafting mechanic that allows you to craft medicine, combat, hunting or exploration-boosting drugs or containers.*This is achieved by collecting Yellow, Crimson, White, Green or Amber leaves for the drugs and medicine, and skinning the animals you kill for their leather for the containers.*Each container requires specific materials, so you can't just be killing boars at the beginning area and you'll be set. You want to be carrying 4 weapons at the same time? You want to have a larger ammo capacity? You want to have a larger rucksack? Hunt, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!*The island(s) is(are) peppered with towns and camps, some controlled by the Rakyat, some by the pirates, some independent.* The island is unofficially divided into regions depending on the radius around  pirate or Rakyat controlled camps.*Rakyat regions offer relative safety from pirate patrols and roamers, as well as shops to sell loot or buy/acquire the impressive arsenal you'll be carrying around, which is also customisable with scopes, silencers and even paint jobs.*Pirate regions have regular hostile patrols and roamers but, once the main camp is neutralized, it will become a Rakyat region. Once taken, this will also unlock Wanted quests and/or Hunter quests.*Wanted quests will require that you kill your target with a knife, which depending on their posse might require some really creative stealth.*Hunter quests require you complete a hunt with a specific weapon, and later ones will have you hunt the rare animals that are required for the top-tier containers.*The map is obscured by sabotaged radio towers, which you'll have to climb in a display of daredevil platforming to get back online. Each radio tower fixed will, on top of revealing part of the map, permanently unlock a couple of weapons at the shops for free instead of having to buy them.*The islands have a healthy dose of minor quests (old lady and the plane crash, shudder), as well as races and supply runs (glorified races).*There's a whole lot of relics scattered around the islands for you to find, as well as pirate memory cards, as well as letters from the Japanese soldiers stationed there during WW2. These are, of course, just collectibles, but at least one skill will need 5 relics found to become obtainable.*The game boasts an impressive array of weapons, from pistols to heavy machineguns, from flare guns to flamethrowers, from the silent bow and its special arrows (incendiary or explosive) to the acetyline torch required to fix damaged vehicles. Oh, and also a lot of vehicles. And ziplines. And gliders. And later on, even a wingsuit.*The whole island reacts dynamically, sometimes to your favor, sometimes not so much. Start a fire, and it might spread towards an outpost and create enough chaos so you can take advantage of the situation. Release a predatory animal in captivity, and it will attack whatever is close to it. Shoot a tire of a patrolling jeep, and it might veer of course and down a cliff. Then again, it might just all go♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Be warned, this will squeeze everything it possibly can out of your graphics card. But, oh me oh my, it's definitely worth it. The island, characters, foliage, wildlife and effects are so beautifully rendered they will leave you gasping at the screen. The indoor environments seem to detract from the overall wow factor, but then again, you won't be spending that much time indoors.The audio also surprised me: crisp and clear, you can actually tell what's going on in the general area just by listening closely. Is that a firefight I hear way off in the distance? Sure enough, it is. Was that a low growl? Sure enough HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥A LEOPARD ARGHLLLghglhlhlhl! No sound is just filler here and it all serves a purpose, from the tiniest sound effect to the mostly pitch-perfect voice acting. Music only kicks in at specific bits to enhance that cinematic feel, and it works beautifully. Keep your ears pricked for ""Ride of the Valkyries"".All in all, Far Cry 3 is the shining jewel in the franchise, and one of the few sequels that managed to surpass every single game in the series before them in every single aspect. Do not pass it by."
,Recommended,220240,11149035,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,AnnePranks,I found this game diffucult Not enough Citra Sex Scenes Mountain Dew Or Doritos1 Dorrito Chip Out Of 420
,Recommended,220240,10724721,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SteveisIT,"Amazing game. Fully detailed open world with environment interactions, destruction, and exploration. One of the best story lines ever in a video game."
,Recommended,220240,9186163,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,ღ LimoNcellO ღ,"Nice game, fun gameplay. Pretty graphics AND JASON BRODY IS A WIMP!!!AND I JUST LOVE VAAS OKAYHe's AH-MA-ZING."
,Recommended,220240,14458204,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Negra_Jester,"I jumped out of a flaming car, got jumped on by dogs, then a tiger wanted some as well, so I jumped off a cliff and got ♥♥♥♥ with by a bear, so I jumped in a river and got some with an alligator, then, got out of the water and a jaguar got in on the action, so I jumped into the ocean off a cliff and a shark wanted to rumble. 11/10 would defy biomes again."
76561198025715535,Recommended,220240,15865664,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,RocketBoy,"This game's super good and the gameplay is great. It also made me uncomfortable. Storywise, playing as someone who's moral center is gradually deteriorating as I do things made me not feel good about myself.But the game is really complete and full of things to do. 100%ing it might even be fun.8/10"
76561198102391475,Recommended,220240,9388179,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,gg,"""Like Skyrim with guns"" - Endless adiction!!!"
,Recommended,220240,16539312,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Reaper,"Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?In the beginning of the game, I found myself hiding from the pirates and avoiding confrontation because I didn't know the island, the weapons, or the enemy. As the game progressed, I found myself actively seeking and engaging the pirates more and more, and using the foliage and the jungle to my advantage. After finishing the game and realizing that the islands, the jungle, and Vaas, which all tore apart Jason's sanity, made me a little more like Vaas.I became more sadistic, psychopathic, and ruthless to my enemies in the game.I used violence to end violence, but it only created a more violent me. The victim became the abuser.The game itself is a mind blowing experience, the graphics, the details, the soundtrack, the gameplay, the immersive story, it all fits in together so perfect it makes this one of the best games I have ever played. Literally.Your character develops his sociopathic traits as the game progresses, accepting violence instead of refusing it, eventually admitting he enjoys killing just for the bloodlust, turning himself into the reckless, sadistic and cynical man he once feared.Have I ever told you the definition of insanity?"
76561198114438733,Recommended,220240,10906193,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,rale,"Very good game. Good story, amazing graphic."
,Recommended,220240,6920647,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Rick James,good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,16257989,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,jaccoschaft,8/10
,Recommended,220240,16329614,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Sammyjo20,This is such a fantastic game! I love the story line and the quality feels really realistic. :D
,Recommended,220240,10634621,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lunchbox,"Very impressed. If you like Crysis + Borderlands, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,220240,12630448,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ampharos,One of the best games I've ever played. I also enjoyed the multiplayer Team Deathmatch mode pretty much.
76561198051698320,Recommended,220240,7890617,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Knights-Templar,"9/10this is a gem of a game it looks great realy feel like your on an (amazing island)first (weapons and upgrades) theres lots some can be improved all can be painted to suit your prefrence(missions) do missions don,t do missions it up to youthere are main missions sub missionsthere is a (coms-towers) system in this game thats great you find and take control of the com-towers to then see the map of that areathere are (many hostile bases) that you can take control of with the help of the local friendly tribe(wild life) is out to kill you as well the animals all (look amazing) and act as the real animal wouldyou can kill them to (make things or upgrade) what you have allready"
,Recommended,220240,14984557,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,ghola,I love the storyline and the graphics of this game. A variety of things you can do in this Roleplay/Adventure/Action game.
,Recommended,220240,15461792,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,RIP AKUN :(,good story game !i rate 10/10 for this game
76561198088839811,Recommended,220240,11021521,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,☭Poppamies☭,"This is the best a shooter can get really at least in single player. Everything about this game is so good and not only that, but it really is better than the sum of its parts. The graphics are by far the best in a shooter. Most of the time draw distance and floor detail are pathetic but not in this game. The best grass, water, lighting, draw distance and general realism as well as nice visual effects and a great environment make this a breath-taking experience just on that alone. On top of that, the game manages to combine the beautiful islands of Far Cry 1 and its ground-breaking graphical advancements with heart-pounding, suspenseful, stealthy/Rambo gameplay combination with Far Cry 2's open world nature and massive map, AND it adds some really nice RPG elements which do not retract from the core gameplay. As a Far Cry game, this is probably the one that defines the franchise. I've always hated RPGs with a burning passion, but Far Cry 3 manages to implement RPG features so seamlessly that it adds to the experience without making it feel slow or cumbersome. The game does a fantastic job of making everything simple and intuitive without the need for a massive tutorial or guide, since everything is introduced as and when needed. Right from the beginning, this game is immersive, realistic but also very respectful of the player for instance, you won't be forced to travel manually to a safehouse or redo an entire mission if you died checkpoint management is perfect, and so is saving the game. Difficulties are perfect too staying true to Far Cry tradition of the Hard setting favouring stealth over aggression. As you'd expect from an open-world game, there are side quests scattered throughout, but thankfully these aren't RPG like at all. They usually involve some shooting or driving given a certain weapon/vehicle and time limit, with thresholds for rewards. In terms of the main story, the progression is yet again perfect. You can pretty much do everything from the start and explore at your own leisure, upgrade your skills and inventory, or go straight from one mission to the next. The fact that pretty much everything being available without having to grind through unnecessary tasks or even finish the story makes this one of few games which a shooter fan can enjoy without having to deal with the cumbersome RPG side of things. As for the story itself, it's something which you want to follow in the same way as the original Far Cry. It plays like a stereotypical Hollywood action movie, but a really good one which for the entire length of the movie it has your undivided attention. The controls, game mechanics, progression, graphics, free-roam, sound and overall game design are truly at the peak of what's possible. The multiplayer is not as spectacular, but it's far more simple and enjoyable than say, Crysis 2 or Call of Duty. The most astonishing achievement is how it manages to implement standard features such as perks and customisable weapons, yet no matter whether you're top rank or just starting, the default classes are not limiting. It's purely gun-on-gun gameplay but the ability to revive teammates is also nice. It plays like a third-person shooter, where everything is simple and there aren't any overpowered killstreaks or sentry guns or stun grenades etc. My only criticism of the multiplayer is that it's quite slow and the weapons seem to be very precisely defined in purpose. For example, it's near impossible to use a sniper at close range, and near impossible to use an SMG at long range etc. so you're almost forced to play in a certain way depending on your weapon of choice. It's not a bad thing, but certainly takes some getting used to if you prefer games which accommodate for more creative and diverse playstyles. The ranks, progression, unlocks and all the standard stuff are present but not overcomplicated or bloated like in Black Ops 2. Everything is balanced and satisfying to use. The multiplayer is decent but nothing special, but is enjoyable and addicting Overall however, this game is all about the single-player experience, and multiplayer is a nice side-feature. The campaign is a lot faster than Far Cry 2 so the suspense isn't sustained for as long, but it isn't a pure shooter like Far Cry 1. It's a nice balance between the two, and I would recommend this game to anyone who likes first-person shooters and open world games."
,Recommended,220240,8824568,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,The Liqour,"Very fun, can't stop playing this game."
,Recommended,220240,7552928,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Blunderbuss,"Far Cry 3 mixes an impressive open world enviroment, with a gripping campaign that rivals even the non- open world titles. Although the multiplayer is a bit of a let down, all is forgotten when you boot up the single player. With beautiful jungles to explore, and strongholds to take over, even when you finish the campaign, you will never be bored."
76561198081290650,Recommended,220240,15365732,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,TBS,"Not bad but...Can't kill townsfolk with the bazooka -> 0/10Recommended if you don't like killing unarmed townsfolk, if there IS that kind of people..."
,Recommended,220240,15443246,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,ndarvianp,"the reasons i bought this game are it is on major discount and it adapted from my country. Indonesia.i am no fan of FPS game, buat you should try it for yourself because many are satisfied with this game."
76561198041327481,Recommended,220240,4740854,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,The Marta Bus,Always online DRM was the best thing to happen to the Far Cry series. This way I can't mod the game for its perfected gorgeous generic riveting poop FPS storyline.
,Recommended,220240,15446904,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Veteran,"Nice game,,, nice story,, Nice FPS,,, Nice Open World game,,, I Like this ,,,"
76561197994156650,Not Recommended,220240,8384755,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,stajama,"Sucks.Let me specify. Poorly optimized. Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Couldn't caliberate it to a 1600 dpi mouse. Gunplay sucks. Stealth is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. Sound design is weaker than necessary for game that's main mechanic is jungle survival. Overall, just sucks.What's worse is that I liked Blood Dragon more! In retrospect, the only things I hated about Blood Dragon were the setting (as a 90's child, I ♥♥♥♥ing hate the 80's), and the visuals of it. The game ran a hell of a lot better, the controls were tighter, and gameplay was all-around, actually fun.So ya. This game sucks.Weeks later: So, I still find the game boring as hell. However, a random recollection of a random comment by some game production moggle came to mind: the suggestion that if PC gamers would accept the 720 resolutions, they could guarantee 60 fps. I initially assumed this was a lazy programmer trying to take pot shots at the PC community, as is often the case. However, upon remembering this statement, I was tempted to retry Far Cry 3 in 720p. To my surprise, without even activating the fan on my GPU, I am able to run the game at the highest possible settings with well over 60 fps. Is this good: no. For the fact that, just before I ran this test, I was playing Skyrim, a similar graphical powerhouse at full capacity at 1080p. At 720, yeah it may be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of graphical presentation, but what good is it  to do so only effectively at 720p for most (non Titan and similar high-end) machines; it still looks bad. Especially when a rival and fairly contemporary game runs beautifully at 1080p at 60 fps. So still, don't bother, but if you are compelled and run into issues, try it at 720i or 720p."
76561198014906700,Not Recommended,220240,8535824,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,pking908,it says I played it for 17 hours but i have not got to play it 17 secounds it crashes every time I try to get it to load
76561197992166633,Not Recommended,220240,8585452,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,nowakowsky,The game is pretty good on the whole but for me it is spoiled by two things.  First is uplay.  This is the WORST implementation of DRM that I have seen.  They spam advertising!!!!  I have been avoiding Ubisoft games because of this.The next is the overly long cut scenes and the arbitrary button mashing boss fights.  If you have trouble with them there is no way to get around them.  Frustrating is the nicest way to put it.I have played Far Cry 1 and 2 and I have found all of the series to be flawed gems.  There is something in all the games that was nonsensical and frustrating.  In Far Cry 2 is was the spamming patrol stations.   In Far Cry 3 it is the frustrating knife fights.I would only give this game a 6/10 rating.
,Not Recommended,220240,116746,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,silentw,"Dear god, please DO NOT buy this game. It's one of the shallowest, most racist, badly designed pieces of crap I've played in the past 2 years."
76561197975377496,Not Recommended,220240,7975640,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Hito,The first 30 minutes is hand holding.  The interface is lackluster.  This also uses UPlay - which gives annoying achievement popups every few seconds with no way to disable.The game seems like it will be fun once I get used to the clutter and bad interface.  I'll update after I beat it.
76561198035409747,Not Recommended,220240,8147094,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Get rid of the Seaward,"The late game is crashing every 5 minutes for me. Tried everything. Intrusive and annoying DRM! The gameplay is good, plot is obvious and progression is for most skills pretty boring.Because of the instability caused by (I assume) uplay DRM, I cannot recommend this game on steam."
76561197960511768,Not Recommended,220240,8508626,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,crizzler,F*cked by uplay
76561198000281588,Not Recommended,220240,8604291,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Roman,"I can not recommend this game for two reasons:1) UPLAY spyware works only from Administrator account (at least, for me). It is a gross security breach and also is very inconvenient.2) At very beginning you are provided with Colt 1911 and then bespectacled freak tells you to go for a hunting to kill two wild boars. I do not know how the hunting goes in other countries, but in Russia one who shoot at big animals with pistol or even with small caliber carbine is called ""f---ing son of a b---"", not ""hunter""."
,Not Recommended,220240,8651830,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,lordholnapult,"I've played FarCry2, JustCause2, and here we are with FarCry3.I'm sorry guys, but this game loses points where it should be a must. Don't suppose I've played it just a bit, I've finished this game, so where is the problem?!Well, the problem is simple: this game is too easy, short, and loses the comparison with precursors noted before. I've playied this game at the maximum difficulty available, excluding all the powerups until the end when some preconfigured mini-mission make you fail if you cannot reload in 1 second or heal after 3 rockets reach in your face :PInside the Freeroaming the game have a so beautiful and fluid graphic that I despair about the level design they made. You just  have a 30 enemy outpost to conquer. And believe me that I've conquered 5 of them throwing a flame bottle in blindness from the wall behind, and other opening with 3 shoots the cage of the Bear or the Tiger.And like FarCry2 there are no flying vehicles or freeroaming of the sky... but why?! Every good game from GTA3 reward the player with helicopter at the middle of the main mission, allowing a change of perspective! Still in FarCry3 you will only fly versus the earth. Enemies will attack with medium stupidity and are dressed in RED! And also a small bush will hide you.Stealth assassination are funny, but not always performable because you cannot sneak prone or hide corpses,so you will be discovered.And the dead-with-a-car session are stupid. Not funny and not interesting. Using sea vehicles is also boring, you can only travel someway around without be entertained. No races with opponents are present, just you and your shadow in a fully single but very single experience.The worst of everything remains that there are no enemy to ambush once the mini-base has been conquered. FarCry2 was more hardcore about that... so you go for hunting. I've killed about everything with the BOW, but mission that force you to use a selected gun force you to use also guns that you dislike... The flamethrower for example have a 3 meters range... have you ever seen a 1942 war documentary? 35meters of range is the entry level...What you will do in all the game is to search for crates that open and return you a bunch of money and a dolly without the head. Is that funny?What to say: a stupend isle, a good plot with face expressions and interesting missions, but nothing more, and in a free roaming this is not enough: bad free roaming experience and a nothing to do except boring crates opened in solitude. Also towns are full of the worst and static people (bots) that repeat same things again and again... Did I told you about madness?I suggest to the team to forget the towers puzzles and focus upon enemies A.I. and sneak hi-tension experiences.By the way, it's still a playable game...  here the resultsGame experience by Lord Hol Napult: 6- / 10"
76561197970478560,Not Recommended,220240,8724771,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,McFerce,I'm sure this game would be awesome; To bad Uplay is broke & locks up my PC when lanching this title.
,Not Recommended,220240,8725321,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,GreyIC,"2014-01-16 - Tentative after the first few hours.First, if you crouch too early during the initial escape, it seems you will trigger the guard, get killed and have to restart.  I think the tutorial expects you to follow its instructions precisely.  As an old hat to these sorts of games, I pressed ""C"" the instant I saw Grant do so and it just never registered.It is frustrating to start as a bit of a pansy and get railroaded down a cattle trail without any opportunity to take control of your fate.  And Grant stopping three feet from the camp to read the map...  Did they teach you that in the Army too?Finally, the Save and Autosave functionality (which always seems to be a problem with these ""sandbox"" games) lacks flexibility - no saving during missions.  I lost a few hours from the arbitrary save and check points at the beginning of the game.  I recommend pushing through to the end of the mission Secure the Outpost, at which time you will have more flexibility."
76561198121175533,Not Recommended,220240,8733891,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Parkmeister,waste of money
76561197993102305,Not Recommended,220240,8835313,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Jingar,"Not open world so far. I have yet to finish the tedious opening sequence. The supposed autosave did not work so I have to start all over again, and I can't skip the video sequences which go on for fkin ever."
,Not Recommended,220240,8627953,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Araganor,"Far Cry 3 is a great game that showcases how far video games have come as far as technology goes, but I personally found it uninteresting and unoriginal. It's a great game in its own right, but in my opinion it does little to separate itself from other shooters except being open world, which is not enough to keep my interest.Don't get me wrong. This is a gorgeous game, with a carefully crafted world, decent storyline, and about everything else you can expect from a triple-A title. The way the game tries to ""innovate"" is through the addition of RPG-like elements, such as crafting (a process created to encourage players to go out and hunt wild animals or collect random flowers of different colors), stealth (very similar system to any Bethesda game, crouch and hope they don't see you), and skill trees. However, many of these mechanics simply served to irritate me, in a way that is hard to explain unless you have played the game yourself.In my experience, crafting simply made gameplay tedious for me. I would often find far too many of one kind of plant or creature, but hardly any of another. My inventory quickly became overloaded, yet I hadn't found a single hide of the required type to craft a larger bag with more inventory space. It felt more like a barrier to the gameplay, creating unneeded tasks to fill up gameplay time rather than making the actual experience more interesting.Stealth (something I am very fond of in my action games) was hampered by the fact that once you silently kill someone, the body becomes unmovable, alerting enemies who discover it to your presence. I later discovered through the internet that there is a perk that allows you to move bodies, but only if you hold down a key as you are killing the enemy, with the corpse becoming once again unmovable after you drop it.Another thing that bothered me was my inability to ""click"" with the main character or put myself in his shoes. He (I don't even remember his name) seems like a normal guy, thrown into a situation that is way over his head. I understand that much. What I don't understand that breaks the experience for me is how he suddenly becomes a superhuman army of one, who can suddenly sprint for hours across a jungle, getting shot 5 times, while raining a firey bullet hell on his enemies, but sounding like a whiny kid in all of the cutscenes (ALL OF THEM). He is potrayed as young man, but it feels like he is still in high school. When the player is put in control of him he is suddenly an action hero, complete with sunglasses. I don't buy the ""tatoo gives me strength"" crap either, because one would hope his voice would be a little less high-pitched if it did. The development team tries to make the hero relateable to by making him seem inexperienced with death (Illustrated in the beginning of the game whenhis brother kills the guard, and then when the antagonist kills his brother) but then suddenly turns him into a f*cking death-dealing grim reaper of AK-47's with no explanation. (hormones?)Ubisoft's mandatory Uplay account is also tiresome, forcing you to create yet another email-linked account that allows corporate bodies to send you unwanted spam.If you enjoy high quality first person shooters but don't care about orginality, then your money is well spent. Far Cry 3 is a very well made game, in a perfect position to show off the revolutions in video game techonology. Don't let me stop you from getting the game, which is worth the money development-wise. However, if you came here looking for innovation or something new, keep looking."
76561197970479986,Not Recommended,220240,8820708,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,parsnips,"I can't play this game, the developer makes you log in to their 'Uplay' over and above the Steam credentials and 'Uplay' refuses to accept my password.Their forum has almost invisible turquoise text to identify user problems, once I was able to read the text their suggestion doesn't make any sense, the refer to a 'settings' screen which I can't find.Steam does a great job of managing games, these guys have added their own completely unnecessary layer of nonsense that doesn't work.I'm out US$30.00 on this game."
76561197962572739,Not Recommended,220240,9240133,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Nvariable,"So, far... a BIG fat double thumbs down.  I've purchased 4 copies (1 for me plus 3 gifts), and not a SINGLE install has been able to connect with a FC3 server.  Oh, I stand corrected -  I had one install connect for 20 minutes..  Then disconnect.  And now for days nothing.I own over 40 games purchased through Steam and I haven't had any buyer's remorse except this one.  The multiplay/Coop is a no go.This game has a number of wonderful features, such as:* Keybindings?  Want to change/modify them to suit?  Forget it.  LOL.  You are stuck.  Within the 40+ titles I own I've NEVER had this issue.* Starting the game is SLOWWW.You have to log into Uplay, then (somewhere else), then you try to connect with an FC3 server then -- fail.  When you are in single play and ""esc"", FC3 retries to connect to a FC3 server.  Which fails.  Perfect.* Adjustments to mouse movement/acceleration is broken.  Changes don't take.* Trying to ""drive"" a car is hilarious.  ""W""=accelerate  ""S""=brake  ""A""=left  ""D""=right and ""A""=exit.  That's right!  When you try to make a left turn (A) you get kicked out (exit) the car.  Nice.Graphics look fine, gameplay seems ok but only in single player. It's evident that Ubisoft make the PC port a quick, sloppy after-thought.Too bad there isn't a way to get a refund."
76561197995379402,Not Recommended,220240,8507508,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SirThomas501,"This is a fantastic game. But buyer beware. I had to call Ubisoft tech support just to pass ubisofts Uplay DRM.The game make you reqester with Uplay. The restration form dosnt reqister you( i worte down the pass wrod when making it), then it wont send you an email to recover your password. Then after that you cant use the online tech support ( wait 12 minutes) without being a Uplay member. So litrealy, the only way for me to get the game to work is to call them direct, and the number isnt easy to find.THey were helpfull once i got though... once i got acces the the game a purchased i was glad i went threw the troble, instead of refunding the game. Thier arnent that many games of it's callber in existance. however ive never had such an aragvating experence in my life getting a game to work that I purchased.I dont fault ubisoft for makeing a DRM/platform I fault them becase, thier DRM doesnt work. Had the tech supoort man i called had less patinence it whould have prevented me from purchaseseing Ubisoft games permantly.  Not on princible, i litrealy whould be unable to play thier games. You better be darn sure that a platform like that is fully fuctional before you relese it, esspecaily during a steam sale. 1st impresions matter and Ubisoft blew it."
,Not Recommended,220240,8525711,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Slowbro,"Racist♥♥♥♥♥video game. Okay, maybe you won't really agree that the game has some race problems like I do, but at the very least, I didn't care at all about the main characters which is kind of a huge issue. I don't mind a heart of darkness retelling, actually in fact I love them, Spec Ops: The Line for instance is an incredible game and does this similar kind of story in all the right ways. Far Cry 3, however, feels like the story and missions were the almgamation of many different studios with different ideas that don't all quite fit, for instance a pretty hefty part of the game is spent trying to find a knife with supernatural like properties but then you never really do anything with it, leading me to think that Far Cry 3 may have at one time had a more realistic supernatual element to it like the Tomb Raider games.I suppose the shooting was actually quite good but it wasn't that much of an improvement over Far Cry 2, and I did have some fun playing it some of the time, but I just couldn't get invested in the action going on because I didn't care at all about what was going on or what what was happening to the characters. My biggest issue in gameplay is that it never feels rewarding and often feels too much of a chore and I'm someone who grinded like no other in WoW and other games so this was a huge issue for me.And I guess you could say, ""well it isn't about the story it is about exploring around and exploding stuff."" Okay sure, I don't agree because I think this game is trying to tonally be a story heavy game, but If I were to accept that I think there is a lot of problems making a game playing a priveleged, wealthy white dude that finds it fun to kill scores of brown people in a developing, war-striffed country and while I did have fun with some of the shooting this was something that I kept thinking of in the back of my mind. It's not that you should have sympathy for the people he is kiling because they are pirates in human trafficing and drug trade. But, it is the fact that it was made by design to have the primary villians be people of color and you can only play as a wealthy, white dude.I would be okay with racist elements, meaning I would still think they are racist, if the game was still enjoyable and redeamable in other aspects but the other aspects, I thought, were ""just okay"" making the game not recomendable.TL:DR It's okay. But, not good enough."
76561198014976058,Not Recommended,220240,8540170,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Samsung Energy Star,Requires Uplay which is basically a unnecessary rootkit compromizing your host security.
,Not Recommended,220240,8556738,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,WXdestroyer,"Incredibly laggy on PC, regardless of your build. Get it for console, instead."
,Recommended,220240,5132209,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Dagon,A nice continuation to Far Cry. Find the douchbag who kidnapped your friends with the help from some natives.
,Recommended,220240,18684265,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Mary White,"My rating: 9.5/10Farcry 3 is one of the best games I ever played. The rating is 9.5 because you have to use Uplay.One more thing: If you ever want to buy this game but you're not sure, buy it its definitely worth the money.9.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,20454078,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Rayltann Raylvisks,"Far Cry 3!, i remember the first time that i've finished this game!. and i remember that this game is really impressive. The Campaign is one of the best that i've ever played in all my life. i don't know what Ubisoft did! but they did it nice!. the story mode of this game is really complete allowing you to have the best experience in a Paradise island. surviving in Jason Brody's skin, you need to craft things. you need to take control in some outposts and of course choose your way into this jungle. and don't forget what Vaas did to you and your friends. your mission is get your friends back."
,Recommended,220240,11496728,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Bplawner,"very good campain and a great veriety of wepons, its awsome"
,Recommended,220240,22972875,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,†hε βαgαηzα,"i love the game at least while it lasted, cuz when i finished the game and did all the side stuff, i lost the interest, like i said good while it last.buy it on sales ! (like less then 10 bucks)"
76561198077730721,Recommended,220240,12948606,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,takeshiAlt,Best game Evar!!!
,Recommended,220240,11898917,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,HIRAM,"Un juego muy bueno. Mundo abierto con variedad de armas de fuego y misiones de diverso tipo. El juego, a mi entender, sería corto si sólo te concentras en las misiones principales, dicho esto debes realizar todas las misiones secundarias para así alargar ""artificialmente"" el tiempo de juego. Además tiene el juego completa compatibilidad con el mando Xbox 360 para Windows.Recomiendo adquirir el juego con todo el contenido descargable disponible, así le añades tiempo de juego al producto principal. Me refiero especialmente a la adición del dlc llamado ""Monkey Businnes"", la cual me pareció bastante jococosa con el personaje añadido. Muy agradable me pareció también el cooperativo (en lo personal, más que el multijugador), así que recomiendo adquirir todos los mapas del mismo.En cuanto a la clasificación de la ESRB de este juego (Sangre y vísceras, violencia intensa, desnudos, lenguaje fuerte, fuerte contenido sexual, uso de drogas). Ya que lo jugué puedo decir que sangre tiene, pero poca. Tiene la violencia de un FPS normal. ¿Víceras? (""gore""), dudo que lo tenga, no hay escenas de desmembramientos, lo que hace que las muertes no parezcan muy reales (por más que uses explosivos nadie pierde un brazo o una pierna, etc). ¿Desnudez? Bueno, si los pintados pechos de Citra es desnudez, que cada cual juzgue por sí mismo. Lenguaje fuerte tiene y uso de drogas; fuerte contenido sexual tiene, enmarcado como temas adultos (agresión sexual, etc).Finalmente, recomiendo éste juego y le doy 8 / 10.A very good game. Open world with a variety of guns and missions of various kinds. The game, in my opinion, would be short if you focus only on the main missions. That said, you should do all the side missions in order to lengthen ""artificially"" the game time. The game also has complete compatibility with the Xbox 360 Controller for Windows.I recommend purchasing the game with all downloadable content available, so you add game time to the main product.  I refer especially  to the addition of the ""Monkey Business"" dlc, which I found quite hilarious with the added character. At the other hand, I found the cooperative to be a very nice addition (personally more than multiplayer), so I recommend purchasing all the co-op maps.As for the ESRB rating of this game (Blood and gore, intense violence, nudity, strong language, strong sexual content, drug use), since I played it I can say that has blood, but little. Also it has the violence of a normal FPS. Gore?, I doubt it have, since there are no scenes of dismemberment, deaths not seem very real (nobody  loses an arm or leg by the use of explosives, etc). ¿Nudity? Well, if Citra's painted breasts are nudity, judge for yourself. Has strong language and drug use; has strong sexual content, framed as adult themes (sexual assault, etc).Finally, I recommend this game and I give it 8 / 10."
,Recommended,220240,15685123,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Von Petroleum,"Pros: Amazing graphics,Fun free roam,Cars act like cars,Predator animals act like predator animals,Prey animals act like prey,Cons: No steam workshop support,Bad performance on a decent computer,UPLAY!"
76561198055264429,Recommended,220240,20163951,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,PanCake,"The ending made me contimplate the choices I made, and I love it."
,Recommended,220240,8605705,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,C-3PO,"So ur gonna go for some holidays huh? Hell yeah its time to kill some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pirates and stuff!!! Grab your guns and make urself at home. Well, actually, this is just a great shooter game to play. I downloaded it a long time ago from some torrent trackers, finished it 2 times and finally decided to buy it just because of its awesomeness. Really worth it."
,Recommended,220240,6230067,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,SH4WKiNG,BEST GAME EVER MADE!(Not kidding!)
76561198053295828,Recommended,220240,9200141,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,predpool,"super fun tons of stuff to do with or without friends, ubisoft kept giving and giving with this game a must own!"
76561198081552989,Recommended,220240,9351295,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Flash Gordon,"It's a game, it's very good. It's a very good game."
76561198067613074,Recommended,220240,8923272,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,wheel_of_whimsy,"Coming from recently playing Just Cause 2, I didn't expect the length of this campaign. Especially if you take the time to do side quests, DLC missions, and take over all the outposts and radio towers. This game is fantastic. You can run around and go in guns blazing, or you can sneak up and take everyone out quietly with silenced weapons or the bow. However, my favorite way to play is probably by getting to a high place and picking off enemies one by one with a sniper rifle. The campaign in this game is a must.The co-op is OK. It's not amazing, and I was disappointed that the co-op wasn't really open world like the single player campaign. You can play with up to four people, but you don't get all the abilities you have in the single player. One of the most fun parts of the co-op are the competitions. In each mission there is a part were all players are competing for the highest score. There are jet ski challenges, sniper challenges, bow challenges, RPG challenges, and more.The multiplayer was surprisingly fun. Most games like this that aren't built with a multiplayer focus are not very good. I find this one to be enjoyable. However, there are only a couple hundred people who play regularly, so you cannot play most game modes.There are some things in this game that just make you go ""What?"" Because as realistic as it seems most of the time, sometimes there are just crazy things. I won't tell you any so it's not spoiled, but be prepared for some crazy stuff."
,Recommended,220240,10993158,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,dogofdoom,"An absolutely beautiful, dark, thrilling, and ocassionally even funny game. Even if Far Cry 3 doesn't do all that much in the 'open world' category, you are, technically free to go wherever and do whatever you choose in any order you choose. The dissapointing thing to someone who might buy this game solely for the open world could be the lack of DIFFERENT things to do. Don't get me wrong, the outposts were never repetitive, and I played my fair share of knife throwing competitions, but I always felt more inclined to continue the story than anything else. However, if you go into Far Cry 3 expecting a great adventure game, you will be very impressed. The story is incredible despite some obvious 'plot twists' and every mechanic in the game from pulling glass out of your arm to piercing an enemies heart with your machete feels epic, intense, and most of all, never boring. I could go on forever and ever, but I'll leave you with this. Far Cry 3 is one of my all time favorite games and I can promise that you will not regret buying it, especially if it's on sale."
76561198056557484,Recommended,220240,15286973,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,FoxyBoxes,"This game is definitely worth playing! It's a bit mature, and has lots of drugs and trippy moments, but it has a really intriguing story, surprisingly good characters, great conflict in the story, awesome gunplay and weapon options, an amazing open world, a good sense of progression as you explore and fight, very nice graphics, very awesome mechanics, and a bit of humor here and there! The villians are hatable to no end, and I love that! My only complaints are the lack of full control customization for PC and the voice quality for characters outside cutscenes can be really bad!I say that this game should be played by anyone who is okay with the mature content and is looking for an open world FPS with a pretty good story sprinkled in! Bruce Willis out of Ten!"
,Recommended,220240,14596737,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,xCindySimsx,Play this game with a friend co-op and so far I liked it alot =P
,Recommended,220240,10668062,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NOCKTOCK,NICE GAME
,Recommended,220240,13659958,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Turticus,Baby deer got eaten by alligator.Ran over 3 tigers with a jeep.10/10.
,Recommended,220240,14358851,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,spire,Fun!
76561198093435794,Recommended,220240,8822119,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Agent Smith,One of the best FPSs I've ever played. Amazing story about the evolution of an every-day adrenaline junkie into the monster he must become to survive and rescue his family and friends. Definitely worth the price
,Recommended,220240,1904397,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Cr4zy,"FarCry 3 is a game I wanted to like, every review said it's awesome. So naturally I bought into the hype, normally a single player game either bores me in an hour or two or gets completed in 4-5hours.FC3 is different, because I want to play the whole damn thing again and the first time took 22hours. It actually is as amazing as reviewers say. It has a nice flow to the story, and you aren't forced into mission after mission, pick them up when you want, have a break, go hunt a bear, regret that decision, but at least you now have a bigger loot bag, or can hold more weapons.The tiny little interactions, the massive islands to explore and the constant want for more kept me coming back. If one thing bores you, go and try something else in another part, liberate a camp, hunt a croc with a machete.Along with the fact it's actually a PC game. The visuals are stunning, sure you need a PC to power them, but what would a PC game be if it didn't push hardware. The options to change things like FOV are sorely missed in many games and it's refreshing to see someone, especially Ubisoft, make things right.TL:DR Farcry 3 is a solid single player experience, with hours upon hours of story and side missions, giving you a choice on how you play the game. Add in the stunning scenery and gorgeous art you will keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,220240,10530966,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,zatone,"This is a really good game, I played far cry 1 and 2 but I got bored after a little while. This one has a very interesting story and really great characters that get you inside the story of the game. The graphics are good and so it is gameplay. The hunt mission are interesting for a change. The vehicles are fun. BUT...... There are several bugs that have never been addresses, maybe because they are not critical but they are annoying. Like the one that does not allow you to change the type of arrow when you are using the bow. This is specially annoying in hunting missions. You are screwed if that happened.But anyways it is a good game, I have invest several hours playing and it has been fun most of the time I have been playing.The only big let down is that use UBISOFT drm software which I hate and there are no achievements in steam."
,Recommended,220240,12105886,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,JarthMader,"There needs to be a ""Eh, I don't know... maybe?"" button next to the Yes and No recommendation buttons. Rather than step up to the plate and write an actually decent story for an FPS, Ubisoft has taken the low road of claiming satire for simply calling out the lack of good stories in video games with the ""story"" of Far Cry 3. Prepare to be incredibly disappointed with how you get to finish off the cartoonish villians as well. If you must submit yourself to this game, do so for the vast openworld environment (which you can explore with jetskis, ATVs, hang gliders, etc) and its decent mix of stealthy and actiony shoot bangs. Be warned though, you'll have to slog through at least half of the story to unlock both islands and all of your mystical tattoo powers."
76561197972188831,Not Recommended,220240,12953911,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Zany,Game itself is rly fun open world RPG FPS but Ubisoft force you to install adware/spyware software (U-play) even if you pay for it.
,Not Recommended,220240,12961625,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,shark,Want to waste money and time? ♥♥♥♥ around with Uplay and never get around enjoying the actual game.A+ DRM that punishes the legit players.
,Not Recommended,220240,12942715,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ScottOfCanes,"Can't even beat first mission because fast travel refuses to work. UPlay also extremely inconvenient.Glad I got this on sale, as it feels like I was cheated out of $10.Edit: Apparently I didn't allow UPlay to be in online mode and that seemed to be causing the problem. Strange, as I just care about FC3 for the single-player mode and couldn't care less about the tacked-on Co-op or Multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,220240,12959946,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Jenny Death,Can't play because of Uplay downtime.
,Recommended,220240,828046,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,DrTy Words,Don't know why this game is the other side of two free to play games and lego lord of the rings. One of the best first person shooters I have ever played.
76561198031447735,Not Recommended,220240,12931645,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Argh Blyff,"Single player game with lag, on a 6Mb/s line. Amazing.Styled towards yanks, making it a bit tasteless for most Europeans.Also it comes with Uplay and thats not a bonus."
76561197967140837,Not Recommended,220240,12951217,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Wodahs,"Too late did I find out that this requires Uplay to use.I figured I would make a throw-away acc for uplay (dosen't ""work"" since FC3 CD-key will be bound to that acc).Funny thing though:I tried to make an acc named ""Fckuplay"". Name turned up taken. So I added a 1. Name still taken. Kept adding ""1""'s, ended up being ""Fckuplay1111"" before the name wasn't taken.To sum up tho; Cannot recommend. Uplay ruins everything with a client in a client. This sort of stuff should be more apparant when buying games in steam. If I wanted use Uplay sheit I would go to there and buy their stuff there."
,Recommended,220240,9272814,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Muffinss,"Awesome storyline, super fun too"
,Recommended,220240,8142442,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,bѻѻm♥bѻѻm♥bunny,"Great game. A mix of FPS and RPG is a nice twist with some Assassin's Creed gameplay in there too. The RPG part of the game is simplified for those of you not used to such a genre. It's very user friendly, and fun."
76561197986020573,Recommended,220240,10548450,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tempest,Open world with tons to explore and hidden items to find.  The graphics are awesome and so is the story.  The only problem is about everything on the island is trying to kill you.  ;-)
76561198079892387,Recommended,220240,11999154,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Phatteh,"The single player was kind off fun, although it's really hard to acctually gain acces through all the mods for weapons (cause money is kinda hard to come by) it's still cool.The multiplayer is really fun too, and that is what makes me hate this game even more now.Because i can't enjoy the fun. Everything is buggy.I think it's honestly the worst multiplayer experience ever when you're talking about how working everything is."
76561198018457238,Recommended,220240,13624472,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Nyah ~,"In Far Cry 3 you play as a guy who's impossible to kill, blacks out while he kills everything around him, and murders people with his machete, Jason Borges. Jason is stranded in the mysterious island of the-most-diverse-habitat-in-the-world, where his DUDE-BRO friends and some cute chicks have been kidnaped by a crazy pirate named Vaas, actually he's not a pirate, he's just a drug lord (no one in the game are actually pirates, but it sounds cool). Halfway through the game Jason must find the MacGuffin, which apparently everyone knows about but conveniently hasn't been found yet, so he can uh... get the approval of some brown♥♥♥♥♥♥♥daemon. Turns out the girl doesn’t help you at all, and her people where already on your side, so whatever, the point is Jason gets laid... ( •᷄ὤ•᷅)? The main objective of the game is to kill people so you can become stronger and get more tattoos that will help you discover new ways to kill people, welcome to the MS-13.As a side note that game comes included with some malware called U-play, and has some problems with the music, it insists on playing that garbage that dumb people call dubstep.★★★☆☆"
,Recommended,220240,8561069,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dank Souls,I just can't get tired of this game! It is a must buy if your a fan of open world games that let you do whatever you want whenever you want.10/10
,Recommended,220240,13528355,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,smorecore,"The game features a large open world, interesting characters(the most noteworthy being the antagonist Vaas) and hours of amazing gameplay. Definitely worth playing."
76561197962004500,Recommended,220240,7883696,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jay,"To those with much FPS experience and those who always look for a challenge:FC3 is pretty good (as mentioned by many) but even on the highest difficult level relatively easy. I HIGHLY recommend to search for ""Ziggy's Mod"". It's a modification that changes basically every aspect of the game to be more immersive and difficult.http://farcry.nexusmods.com//?for the lazy. I only found it after my first playthrough. With this mod, FC3 is definitely WAY BETTER than without it. I won't go into too much detail here, because you are better off reading the Mod's description yourself."
76561198079791476,Recommended,220240,8201509,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,deloreandmcRWI,"This game is full of action, jokes, cool features, and if you were turned off of the Far Cry series by the second game, don't worry, this one is 100000X better. That's a lot."
,Recommended,220240,10089992,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Lucky1ztemperr,"The sandbox world has just about everything you could ask for. The only thing I can think of that is missing is an actual volcano, otherwise the two islands that make up this game's playable area are everything you'd expect on a tropical island. The addition of wildlife in this game adds such an aspect of realism, I found myself stalking a tiger just to watch him take down a deer or goat. This addition also adds a new type of terror/suspense to the game. There is nothing like quickly trying to escape a firefight that you plundered into, running through the jungle and finally escaping your assailants, just to be mauled and pummeled by a tiger. While the resilience and toughness of some of the animals detracts from realism, it certainly adds to the anxiety.The firefights, especially towards the beginning are very intense. Until you unlock enough of the ""skills"" to boost your health bars and make body armor more effective, only a couple of bullets will drop you on the intermediate setting. However this is followed by most of the enemies being easily eliminated by a small string of fire to center mass. What is different for this game is the implementation of cover. While the system is a little rough around the edges, it does allow you to hide behind cover and then peek out and fire rounds off at hostiles.The challenge in this game comes mostly from the improved use of enemy AI. While they are still not brilliant, they do notice sounds and are spooked by finding their buddy lying dead on the ground. The enemy itself will work together to suppress and kill you, as well as take cover to hide from your fire. The confrontations with some of the islands predators is also challenging, as well as occasionally terrifying, though the idea of a shark attack bothers me anyways. The enemies are also specialized, making some of them quite difficult to kill and makes plotting strikes against enemy establishments require careful and thorough planning.The game overall is worth every penny just for the single player. The addition to weapon customizations and the improved system controls, should also make this an interesting and likely worthy multiplayer. This game has a few small quirks, and no one should expect a Shakespeare story, but you should expect hours of thrills and plenty of enjoyment."
76561198073432294,Recommended,220240,6725111,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,Damian,"This game is a very fun, If you like first person shooters, open world games... try this game out."
76561198104760740,Recommended,220240,10550252,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SpacePimp,it be cool
,Recommended,220240,13017115,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Talkycoder,"TL;DR = Singleplayer is amazing, Multiplayer sucks, Uplay Sucks, Game is a must-buy if you can get over uplay.This game has so much to do it's unreal. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay & stealth mechanics are great and makes the game challanging on higher difficulties and very addictive. It feels fun and great going from outpost to outpost or tower to tower and hunting down animals to improve your gear. You also get to watch the main character question his own mentality as he struggles to save his friends.Overall it's a pretty amazing game, the only bad thing is the multiplayer campaign what is no-where as good as the singleplayer. It's basically just run and gun with a few booring minigames and when you can actually stealth something, due to a poor marking system and enemy AI it becomes pratically impossible. Oh and UPLAY is incredibably buggy with multiplayer, it took me about 40 minutes to finally be able to join a private match with a friend after doing some abserdly long troubleshooting.Otherthan that, this game is a must-buy. I haven't experianced any other problems with UPLAY, but I guess that is just me being lucky."
,Recommended,220240,13158442,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,NecroTed,Far Cry 4 without elephants
,Recommended,220240,12279419,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Dancing Terrapin,Lighting weed fields on fire while listening to reggae music. 10/10
76561198057190993,Recommended,220240,8505763,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,McAwesome,10/10 Chromosones
76561198032575353,Recommended,220240,20046239,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DagonDogs,"TL;DR:If you are looking for a first-person shooter that is not of the typical Call of Duty or Battlefield style, Far Cry is a franchise that you should look into. While Blood Dragon may be a more stylistically brilliant and entertaining version of the game with the same mechanics for a lower price, Far Cry 3 is still a game worth playing. Its story can fall flat, but the rewarding gameplay and impressive level of content made for an involved and exciting experience.For the full review, go here:http://dagondogs.com/2015/08/26/far-cry-3-review-archived/"
,Recommended,220240,10460287,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,MadalinHH,Cool♥♥♥♥♥game
,Recommended,220240,15642147,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,gAD,awesOme
76561198088036276,Recommended,220240,7900576,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,the lord and saviour Waluigi,Fan♥♥♥♥ingtastic
,Recommended,220240,25970763,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sly,"Far Cry 3 is some other kind of shooter.Not exactly skill-based, but with a great story and an amazing open-world.On a tropical island, you play a teenager being forced to grow up because his friends got kidnapped by a lunatic pirate.The 2nd half of the story gets a bit less interesting, but still a total recommendation.9/10"
76561198019109823,Recommended,220240,10878966,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Heil Hank,"This game is sick, you can kill people and animals and then people kill people as you're killing people and then animals kill people as you're killing people that are killing animals. The only con is no steam achievements :c  \Fantastic addicting game."
,Recommended,220240,8220781,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Butt,One of the best games that came out for 2012 FROM RIKU KOJO. It has a vast variety of ways to take down you enemys from stealthy takedowns to frontal assaults with a rocket launcher. the game give the player alot of freedom.
,Recommended,220240,9228908,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,✪Curry1k ^-^,this game makes you feel beast!
,Recommended,220240,12976148,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,The Doobster,Fun as hell when it works!Fun as hell when it works!Fun as hell when it works!I loved this game......Then the power went out while playing....Game cant find saved data.....Game files are corrupted.....Cries for half an hour.......Game is unplayable........♥♥♥♥ Uplay.......Fun as hell when it works!
76561198155084412,Not Recommended,220240,12994864,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Riv3ng,"F***ing Uplay! Cant play this game because it requires authentication through Uplay(Ubisofts network) which has not been in service so basically you cant activate the product or play the game even offline, very upset with this purchase, never buying an ubisoft game and I suggest the same to the rest of you."
,Not Recommended,220240,12995814,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Hyper Oats,"Uplay. ""Looking for updates"" forever.Save yourself a headache and just pirate it."
,Recommended,220240,10637290,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Goose,I got to set a giant weed farm on fire while listening to moombahton and had a mission where I hunted around 15 dogs with an RPG.I have no regrets.
76561198036684409,Recommended,220240,4409476,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,PUMPK1NH34D,very fun campaign but the multiplayer is like truck fueled with sugar and pineapples.
76561198070319679,Recommended,220240,13798062,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Firestorm1964,I don't imagine this game needs any sort of review. There are enough of them.9.5/10
,Recommended,220240,7450386,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,IronticsDragonLord,I like this game. This is a nice ♥♥♥♥ing game.
,Recommended,220240,9199405,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Basekiller,"This is a great game the Story is great and fun there is edleast a good 30 hour time to finish everything in the open world now this is were they ♥♥♥♥ed up! For a starter dont try to be call of duty Farcry 3 your multyplayer is just to close and the server sytem for it IS♥♥♥♥♥♥i have joined game then been kicked out 5 seconds later for who knows why, also there is no reason for the  multyplayer not to be open world this game would be 2x better if it was  but no it hs to have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ online performence so online and story will get diffrent rating cues they seem like diffrent games online get a 6 while the story get a 9 not if the multy was open world it would probably get a 8 or 9 but no it isnt! Also it is full of crashes and black screens that you cant get out of and see you own screen so Farcry 4 better not be his type OF♥♥♥♥♥♥thank you for your time."
,Recommended,220240,11246919,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Fry's,Jason is a white guy with tribal tattoo's and goes around killing animals and somehow is still a nice guy. Overall this game is awesome and i highly recommend it.
,Recommended,220240,805371,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,=Axton=,"I was pleasantly surprised at FC3, I think UBI really redeemed themselves after FC2 (which wasn't all bad).  The only gripe I have with this one is the map and some of the menus, they just weren't polished for mouse use.  The rest is one of the best open world games I've played, but I hesitate to compare this to Just Cause 2, or Crysis 1, they all do something unique and do it very well, so lump FC3 in with them.  Add the coop (which is fun) and multiplayer (not my thing), 2 endings to the story, and you've got many hours (50 minimum for me) to explore both islands.  If your pc is up to snuff, don't hesitate to give this a try."
,Recommended,220240,9237419,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Boris...,Awesome singleplayer but can't play it with friends or even online.That's my second ubisoft game that doesn't work online
,Not Recommended,220240,11099415,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Perse spits mad fire,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Uplay is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and if you can even get uplay to work,you then have to get the game to work. Seriously,ubisoft should help their customers instead of just taking their money..."
76561198058495971,Recommended,220240,8841913,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mustang,Lord of the FLEAS! Love the game and it's lots of loot to boot!@#$%...
,Not Recommended,220240,22028589,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,lugg3ns3mm3l,-> Uplay
,Recommended,220240,27586364,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Charg3r,Did I ever tell the definition of insanity?Insanity is not buying this game. End of story.
76561198070383678,Recommended,220240,7529724,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,iFobos,Épico!
,Recommended,220240,8510268,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,R.A.M.,"Awesome game, I had a lot of fun with this one."
,Recommended,220240,10653614,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SmokeWeedRegularly,...i didn't cry.....you should get it :D
76561198030993829,Recommended,220240,4030847,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Rossini,"How to make a great game suck....1) Add nonsensical Quicktime events.2) Cutscenes with horrible acting and writing that you can't skip.3) Repeat lame cutscenes when the player fails a Quicktime event that has nothing to with the normal gameplay controls.4) Give the players character the voice of a whiny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.5) Add Uplay to take an extra time to start up the game and then have some crap advertising appear on the screen when the player finishes their session.One other stupid thing.  There's a questline that involves doing missions for a guy who brags in multiple cutscenes about♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥your friend Keith.  Instead of knee-capping him with one of your many guns to get him to tell you where your friend is, you instead run about looking for clues to find a ceremonial knife to exchange for your friends freedom.  Then the ultimate finish when you get your 'revenge' is a horrible Quicktime event and you don't even get the chance to spit on his corpse when it's over.  You're instead treated to another cutscene where your girlfriend and you have a nice little ♥♥♥♥♥-fest.If you have the patience to put up with the above, the actual open-world gameplay is fun. Otherwise spend your dough elsewhere."
,Recommended,220240,7917081,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Big Loaf,"Broken right thumbs, killer chickens and indestructible buffalos. Welcome to Far Cry 3.Now in all seriousness, this game is pretty good. It is short but the gameplay is quite enjoyable and satisfying. Very beautiful game with great gunfighting and driving. Stab people in the back, hunt boars with automatic machineguns and retrieve shrooms for a tweeker.If you can get this game for less than 10 USD or Euro, get it. It will be totally worth it. Otherwise I would not recommend."
76561197970099749,Recommended,220240,12928492,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,de-zwaluw,"One of my all-time favourite open-world games! You can play with all guns blazing or sneaky tactics, and I really like the latter, so there are choices for how to play this game!"
76561198075675443,Recommended,220240,10777544,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,JakeLeSerpent,Easly the best game I have ever played in my entire life! The characters are awsome (Vaas) and the story and gameplay and the open world all feel alive and fuild! Enjoy it for yourself now! GO BUY IT!
,Recommended,220240,10918628,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Big Boss,Exelente!
,Recommended,220240,3371306,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,creedway,"The best story! Best Graphics! This is the truth, Skyrim, but with guns. Damn, I love this game!"
,Recommended,220240,8917995,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,StyX - TK 4415,Absolutely AMAZING GAME!!!! Co-Op is lots of fun too! Lots of gameplay. 112 hours for me Star to finish including freeing all locations.
76561198000809079,Recommended,220240,8927433,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,mayhem,"Amazing game. Worth every $. Completely non-linear, wide rage of options and choices for the player to make to finish the game in their own way/path."
,Recommended,220240,2245073,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,DG| Sykopaten,"This is a beautiful game to look at, as it is fun to play.Find yourself immersed in this tropical enviromnent as you go exploring this Island.Aswell as getting the thrill and adrenaline of unexpected counters of dangerous animals,and the drug addicted disturbed rebels looking for you.You may take a stelthy or a full mayhem engage towards these badguys that will hunt you down.The cruel animals may even help you complete this task!Enjoyed both FarCry 1, 2 and now this #3.Really looking forward to the #4 and the changes it brings !"
,Recommended,220240,11673431,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Piff Piff Lemon,This games was so good that I actually payed for it!
,Recommended,220240,10588112,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Some old gamer,"I've played this game for over 100 hours... and I still love playing it.  I rate the game a 9/10 because no game is perfect but this one is close.Surviving the jungle is the first challenge for Jason Brody.  The jungle will kill you if you don't watch out for the wild animals.  If surviving the jungle isn't tough enough for you, you're in luck.  The roads are just as dangerous as the jungle early on.  Pirates patroll the roads with .30 and .50 caliber machine guns mounted on top of Jeeps or just 2-4 guys with AK-47's in the back of a truck.  Once Jason completes a few missions, crafts a few bags and holsters and unlocks a few parts of the tattoo the game really takes off.  Jason goes from a scared early 20 something kid to a merciless pirate killing machine quickly. Whatever you do, don't shoot innocent people, you get punished for it in game.  The Islands are huge and the South Island is much more challenging than the North Island.  On the South Island, you trade Pirates for a trained and well armed private army.Good Job Ubisoft, this is currently my favorite action FPS of all time."
,Recommended,220240,10281628,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Swindlestein,"Besides Uplay, this game is absolutely glorious. The low growls of the various wildlife WILL inevitably scare you more than the pirates screaming ""OH ♥♥♥♥"" when they hear your gunfire. Basis for a great game, a bit quirky at times, but otherwise amazing."
76561198097726174,Recommended,220240,10891515,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jtdomin8r,Simply awesome. Best cassowary killing simulator of the century.
76561198027319310,Recommended,220240,3783032,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,((TFB))-Szpickids,HUNTING OMG
76561197986802099,Recommended,220240,9886924,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Bastille,"Far Cry 3 is really amazing adventure game with an interesting story. As a member of a group of friends you just want to hang out and have some good time together on an exotic island with many parties, lots of alcohol and careless life. It sounds great unless the whole group is captured by the leader of local drug cartel. You are the only one who managed to escape and the only one who can save their lives. Explore a vast land, craft better equipment, acquire special survival abilities and become strong enough to encounter the leader and his boss. Local tribe will help you to get the power to become the leader of its people.I really enjoyed cutscenes, stealth or rambo killing option, animal hunting and plot twists.Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Not to play this game.9/10"
76561198045472859,Not Recommended,220240,9283054,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Decima_ZA,"Buggy, buggy, buggy. Despite the excellent sandbox, you'll do your fair share of fist on desk pounding because the game bugged out in your little exploring expiditions. Not worth the full price. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,220240,4823578,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,IceDoesnthelp,This game is damn good son.
76561198010784916,Recommended,220240,9238129,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Sir Bedevere,Uplay is worse than cancer.
,Recommended,220240,18484147,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,apok.psd,gud gmae
,Recommended,220240,15054023,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Super Hans,"Looks great, plays great and is hours of fun. Can get a bit repetitive, but don't all games these days?"
,Recommended,220240,13962762,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Running_A_Fowl,9/10 Too much water.
,Recommended,220240,27508225,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ruben Micoch,"Last of the great Far Cry games unfortunately.  This one had such a great story and great voice acting to really make it come to life.  I just wish there weren't so many radio towers, they make the game very repetitive."
76561197970290267,Recommended,220240,8350784,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,cooldrinkawater,"Really fun game to play. Stunning graphics, and intense fighting. A must have for anyone who likes first person shooters."
76561198026182734,Recommended,220240,10841879,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Combustible_Lemon,"Uplay first, then game review.As many other reviews pointed out, this game uses UPlay. I don't like that it uses uplay because I bought the game through Steam and would like to play it only through Steam. But as long as it's fast going through their servers and isn't a complete nuisance to sign on, whatever.However, the first time I tried to play this it took me a ♥♥♥♥ing HALF HOUR to get in the damn game. At first it said uplay's servers were busy or offline, which took a while. I thought ""Ok, fine, I'll play offline. No big deal."" Guess what?! You CAN'T play offline the first time you run the game. So I HAD to go through their servers. When they were finally accessible, I got the Uplay captcha puzzle, which involved putting a single set of numbers from a single picture into two boxes. The rules: One box cannot be blank. The number cannot be copied into both boxes. The numbers cannot be split up. Think the audio captcha will help you out? It specifically says not to put spaces in, then says one set of numbers. Refreshing the captcha didn't help, I kept getting the same damn problem until I found one that had a letter tacked onto the end of the numbers which I put into the other box, and it finally worked. At this point I was pretty mad, I just wanted to play my ♥♥♥♥ing game and instead I'm wasting time trying to figure out the impossible captcha.From this point on it was easy to log in, the only other problem I had was that at one point my game stopped syncing, so when my SSD got scrambled (uplay decided to install itself on my windows drive instead of my programs drive), I lost half my progress. I also didn't know it at the time, but I wasn't getting achievements for storyline events. When I played through them again, I got them. So back up your saves, guys!FINALLY, THE GAMEThe game feels very much like the new Tomb Raider except more open. I also got a few fleeting feelings of Assassin's Creed. Like how it feels to play those games? You'll probably like this one. There's a wide variety of weapons and I like that you can get a lot for free by unlocking towers. Going hunting is actually good for something, as you use it to craft holsters, rucksacks, etc.The story didn't impress me at first, nor the character development, but I'm liking it much more now. I only wish there were more conversation opportunities with your friends! They all seem very one-dimentional, with the exception of Daisy, who just seems much more nuanced in her words and expressions. I will update this as I finish the game, 3 missions to go.The graphics are great, albeit a bit repetative (but they are on an island, so... lots of palm trees are to be expected, I guess). A few problems where I see black/blue shapes but nothing terrible or constant. Sometimes characters vibrate, which makes it ridiculously hard to snipe.Controls are great for the most part, the problem I have is when performing special actions. When I'm climbing a radio tower, stepping onto the very edge, and see ropes where ""climb"" should appear...it doesn't. I can wiggle one way or the other and sometimes it shows up, sometimes not. So I can jump and sometimes have the game catch me and climb up, or I can fall to my death and start over. Annoying. More annoying is when I'm sneaking around an enemy camp like a boss, killing people, when I sneak up behind someone and the ""takedown"" option doesn't appear. Again, I move around, sometimes it works. Most of the time though they either turn around and alert the whole camp, or I slice but don't kill them and they alert the whole camp.Open world, lots of places to explore even if climbing towers and liberating camps gets boring. Can't wait to see how it ends."
,Recommended,220240,16684628,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Swissy,Better than 4.
,Recommended,220240,3317482,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,The Breeze,"In Far Creed 3/Assassin's Cry 3 you play a man who copes with personal tragedies by abusing drugs, engaging in animal cruelty and even murdering people. You also tatoo your body to express your edginess.Eventually, after being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a woman, your sanity is shattered and you end up pretending to fly around an island wearing a cape.Good shooty action, taking outposts is very fun, everything else gets repetitive as ♥♥♥♥. Oh and the story starts ok but gets pretty damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at some point, but that's to be expected of this series."
76561197998152871,Recommended,220240,10964189,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Höna ☻,Great Fun
76561198004001424,Recommended,220240,13898618,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dracid,"-found enemy outpost with bear trapped inside-release bear and watched it kill everyone-outpost is now mine-another outpost with 4 guards.-walked right,disabled alarm and shotgunned the guy next to it who didnt notice me-outpost is now mine-mission to kill a guy with my knife-sniped all 4 guys around him. He didn't seem to notice. Maybe didnt give a ♥♥♥♥-walked up behind him and knifed himEDIT: - had another mission to kill a guy with a knife-planted c4 near front of their base-snuck around back-blew up c4-snuck in and took down my target-snuck back out while they were still trying to figure out what the explosion was10/10. Best FPS i've played in forever"
,Recommended,220240,10979492,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Juicy Puice,My favorite shooter of all time.  Probably my second favorite stealth game of all time next to Tenchu Z... man i gotta get that game again.
76561198125419190,Recommended,220240,28340085,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Evo,"Haven`t played it that much on pc but i did on xbox, great game if you have the money buy it."
,Recommended,220240,9877020,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Term Life Insurance,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
76561198000710694,Recommended,220240,8173689,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Coquine Mouillée,"Far Cry 3 is probably one of the best FPS's I've played in a long time. The gameplay is simply amazing, featuring some of the most fun and satisfying stealth mechanics I've seen coupled with a very solid selection of weapons and a great variety of missions. The game looks great, the tropical equivalent of Skyrim : walking in the jungle grass slowly, swimming silently towards a group of unsuspecting bandits or climbing atop a huge, rocky cliff never looked so good. You'll feel like Indiana Jones or Robinson Crusoe, fighting against the elements, hunting dangerous animals or exploring ancient tombs. The gunfights are fast-paced and rightfully chaotic, the enemies' reactions are realistic (although it's hard not to miss some things the AI did in Far Cry 2, like soldiers trying to save their wounded allies) and the game world is tons of fun to explore and conquer.The story is the only element, in my opinion, that truly lacks polishing. Through the whole single player mode, you feel like the writers at Ubisoft tried to set up something about insanity, about the villain, Vaas, about a lot of interesting elements that they end up litterally ignoring or throwing away about halfway through. It is extremely frustrating : it's a poorly told story, yet you constantly feel like it could've actually been good if only a few elements had been changed or added. It feels like it could've been good, which is even more annoying that something that's irredeemable. The story barely makes any sense, you can't help but hate its protagonist and the game's ending feels rushed. As usual, Ubisoft is great at introducing great ideas before depriving them of all their potential, just like they made Assassin's Creed uninteresting by adding the whole storyline about the Animus and Desmond instead of focusing on the actual assassins that everyone wanted more of.Even as a gamer that wants a good story, though, I can still recommend Far Cry 3 to just about anyone because the gameplay simply feels amazing. Any fan of FPS will love this game, especially if you're a fan of stealth mechanics. I've played through this game twice, which is something I don't do often, because Far Cry 3 offers a fantastic game world in which you can truly feel like a lone predator of the wild, an action movie hero."
,Recommended,220240,8260307,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,spooky pups,"Exploration is fun, guns are good. Pew Pew customizable. Downsides are that the story quickly devolves into ""white people are superiorz die jungul savagez"" and there is NO QUICKSAVE  :[overall 7/10. enjoyable, but a few very annoying things"
,Recommended,220240,8805126,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,The WekWek [W-B],"A great survival/revenge driven story line with an interesting take on right and wrong. Far Cry 3 has a real depth to its main characters with some very memorable villains and great voice talent to really flesh out its cast.During the campaign story line you will move through emotions of feeling lost, strong, in control, insane and out of control, as well as points where you feel as though noone understands you, and even begin to question if you understand yourself.In the end it all comes down to the choices we all make.Did I ever tell you the definition... of insanity?"
76561198012255206,Recommended,220240,8602601,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Dat Boi,This game is too awesome... Words can't even express!
,Recommended,220240,8307012,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cole_umbus,This game is a lot of fun if you really like to play survival of the fittest kind of games.
,Recommended,220240,8554810,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,bad,pree good
76561198094598206,Recommended,220240,8795859,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,MrPropane23,"epic game, well worth getting"
76561198118698434,Recommended,220240,8676987,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Chico,This is a seriously epic game.
76561197989967245,Recommended,220240,8891608,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,SHIN シ =7= skinhub.com,"Excellent game! Incredible and beautiful open world! The story and characters are very good.Very addictive Co-Op and multiplayer.If I have to mention something bad about this game is that is really buggy. Stops working from time to time. Characters disappear and the textures fade in and out.And of course, the UbiPlay system s**ks."
76561198047044351,Recommended,220240,8707324,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,CaptWaffles,"9/10. Decent story. Unique crafting, gameplay and mechanics. Not your typical boring and lame fps."
,Recommended,220240,8908130,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,The Devil,Awesome!!!
76561197964864256,Recommended,220240,8918837,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,DuinchJibreel,awesome!
,Recommended,220240,7689168,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,OSSI,Absolutely beautiful game! Gives you everything you want from an FPS openworld game. Just can't stop playing!! :DDD
,Recommended,220240,8669634,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Travis,"Overall I enjoyed playing Far Cry 3. The story was amazing and the developers did a good job on portraying the aspect of building relationships with the people you meet along the way. When I say this game has a good story I mean the gameplay flows nicely and the concept of the story is really intresting. But to be completly honest with you this game is a really sad game if you think about it. First off everyone on the island except for the civilians living there has a problem. What was once a peaceful island turned into an absolute power struggle  between three waring factions. Not only that but if you think of it many of these factions were into bad habits such as killing innocent people for money and doing drugs and the worst part is they learned to enjoy it. What's even sadder about this game is ""you"" as a character also fell responsible for killing people and thourghout the game your chracter starts getting used to it like it's an everday thing. Although, you were trying to save your friends at the end of the game your character comes to realize that he has turned into something that he does not want to be and what he has done on the island will always be in his memory. This is why I find the game sad. One thing I didn't like about the game was the Multiplayer I had many issues with connecting to servers and even if I did get into a server tons of host migration were soon to follow which disrupted the gameplay to a point were the game was unplayable and in my opinion the Far Cry series is more of a single player game rather than a multiplayer game. Eventhough, this was the first Far Cry game I played I can't wait for the next Far Cry to come out and I can't wait to see what it has to offer.Below I have posted an overall layout about the pros and cons of this game.PROS:-Great Story Mode.-Amazing Graphics.-Open World.-Vehicles.-Great gameplay experience no lag in singleplayer.-The game is still fun and offers you challaning things to do after you have completed the story.CONS:-Terrible Multiplayer."
76561198057589553,Recommended,220240,8748781,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Zenfear,While you can beat the main story line farly quickly the freeworld experience is quite nice. Just when you clear the outposts the enemie wondering the country side dwindle and make it far to easy to roam with little threat of even being confronted. The second islands story quests go by so quickly that if you are not careful you will be done with the game before you even explored it.
,Recommended,220240,13083268,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ZeeTaYg,Fantastic open-world game. Gameplay is outstanding and story is great. Highly recommended!
76561198111280588,Recommended,220240,13208113,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Ibtisaan Gaming,best♥♥♥♥♥♥ever
76561198098430092,Recommended,220240,18127364,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,covermetaco,Insanity !!!!! Just buy the game its awesome. Nothing wrong with it.
76561198013758491,Recommended,220240,18131753,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,daskrieghuhn,"Guns, drugs, sex, what more do you want?"
,Recommended,220240,18125252,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,greenbean,"just realized I never wrote a recommendation for this game.  I've mentioned it so often, even in a review of FC4.  Yes it has achieved new levels of awesomeness imo.  There are so many aspects that deserve recognition, a real world and open world that allows for linear gameplay without telling you where you must go, a great variety of characters, some creepy that keep the story line, which is really well written and preformed, interesting, and, finally a set of friends and comrades you go around a rescue, sometimes they participate in your quest.There are certainly areas to improve, like I wish your friends were feeding you fresh ammo or upgrades they found, or, a better collection system that FC4 addresses that makes collecting a faster process allowing you to upgrade without the dredgery of cycling through a menu to figure out what you need to collect.  I also wish the side missions had an impact on the game, that civilians really start to appreciate you more as more of their island is freed, and a larger port city to bring in more characters.  Perhaps at the end, not having your GF abonden you and having the island build you a dream resort villa as a reward for freeing them of decades of oppression.  But that reflects the point of the game as it really does keep itself in the plausible yet thrilling action of a world controled by psychopaths.The characters are awesome, and the world which you explore is amazing too.  ""I wonder if I can get on top of that mountain..."" and then you do, then ""I wonder how far I can fly from this point...""The surrounding and inaccessible islands are way out of scale and personally I wish they were just little uninhabitted islands surrounded by water to keep everything in the plausible world.When I finished one island I was shocked to find that I would have to concur another island just as large with a whole new set of circumstances and foe to defeat.  This game provides plenty to do and I easily spent 5 full days to complete everything.  It is well worth the price, $29.99, even if you, like myself, don't play the multiplayer portion.People are complaining about UPlay.  I didn't have a problem here, but I sympathise with those who are having problems.  Steam works, now other deveolpers want to make their own version of Steam, to grab more money and promote their other games, but unlike Steam they're not promoting games they haven't created, just their own.  That is a fail attempt imo and is forcing people to use a service they don't want.  Be good to your gamers and customers and they will like you, and never force them into something they don't want.  As a develper, you do that promotion with well designed website, game sites and well designed robust forums.Oh, did I say FC3 might be one of the best FPS games ever made?  If not, there it is.  It opens the door to greater posibilities.  There is no need to ignore good acting, characters and story line (and it's twists) and if you do you represent that your game is incomplete, rushing you into the action because that is all you think gamers want, more action (and no substance)."
,Recommended,220240,12239571,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Walrus-Sama,"Sky dived into pirate infested island, killed pirates, killed animals, killed an aussie♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ took drugs, was told defination of insanity several times by a Pychopath, killed Pychopath, killed mercenarys, killed a drug lord, killed friends, had sex with topless lady, was killed by topless lady. The end.-11/10  Would Cry Far again."
,Recommended,220240,20209256,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The6P4C,"My hours should show you my feelings about the game. But I'll expand:Negative points:- Weird glitches get annoying sometimes. I've had this problem where sometimes, completely randomly, my weapon will disappear for a second and then immediately come back. You can't fire during this time. That's one of a number of glitches, although small, that- The hardest difficulty isn't that difficult. I ended up using the Gun Realism mod so the enemies actually hit you with the same damage as you hit them with. It actually makes being faced with a car-mounted machine gun a challenge if you're not armed with an RPG.Amazing points:- Excellent gunplay. It's what I base my ratings of other games' gumplay off of. It's great fun and even more with the Gun Realism mod.- Good story. I don't play games for the story, but FC3's story was pretty good. I don't get the complaints about the fact that Jason acts like he's never fired a gun before in a mission after arriving with an LMG and a grenade launcher. It's a game and unless you wanted to be stuck doing stealth or something for the first few hours of the game that's what you've got to deal with.- For a game from 2012, it doesn't feel that dated. Probably not an issue for many, but for me it would be.Get it while it's on sale. It's so worth $7.48. Heck, I'd go to say that it's worth $29.99. Or the original $80 I paid at the start."
,Not Recommended,220240,11433218,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,✞ P r i n c e s s  H J ✞,Literally unplayable. Thanks Ubisoft.Also if you've installed it won't uninstall without 3rd party software removal programs.Don't buy anything from Ubisoft.
76561198015076674,Recommended,220240,8173189,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,lord saber,Its the most fun I've had shooting pirates in my underwear
,Recommended,220240,2257907,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Pie,14:19 - knoh: knoh's seal of approval e certificate of quality
,Recommended,220240,11354488,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,^ ^6👌Senor Meow,Amazing game with Amazing story and Graphics i got it while it was on sale and i do not regret itBUY IT its sooo amazing11/10 would buy again :P
,Recommended,220240,20150562,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,keita,Here's a gun. Have fun ♥♥
,Recommended,220240,26783357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drat Souma,"Somewhat enjoyable hunt and finders game.Lots of things to collect to make any collectionist heart go a flutter.Story is just okay, where you embody a young adult male.Has some steamy scenes and implied sexual assault.And drugs. Can't forget the drugs.Keep your kids away from this one, people."
,Recommended,220240,12929449,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,SomeGuy,Have I ever told you the definition of a good game?
,Recommended,220240,13939106,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,justanotherwpGR,I would definately recommend this game!!Co-op - 10/10Multiplayer - 10/10and Singleplayer - 10/10
,Recommended,220240,12954112,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Condor,"Bad guys with guns corner me on cliff, falls down cliff, biten by snake, slides into water, attacked by shark, gets out water, attacked by panther 10/10 would do again"
,Recommended,220240,8700668,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Hellknight96,this game is good
,Recommended,220240,8254228,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,I Trust In SeaNanners,It's so beautiful!Fun.
,Recommended,220240,20122378,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,keri.dwen,"Far Cry 3 kept me captivated for hours and hours. Fantastic story, good gameplay, top notch voice acting and amazing graphics.9/10"
76561198022036580,Recommended,220240,13013200,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Spooky UnclePhil,Fun
,Recommended,220240,13814317,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Vanilla,10/10
,Recommended,220240,14766768,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ravenize > *,"I was huge fan of the original Far Cry, but when the developer switched I followed CryTek to Crysis instead of continuing the series. I played Far Cry 2 yeras late and didn't enjoy it. It was so different from what I expected given the original that I couldn't be anything but disappointed.Far Cry 3 nails the formula though. What they tried to do with 2 in regards to the open world and quests and forts that need to be taken over finally evolved into something fun and engaging. I found myself trying to do everything possible in Far Cry 3. All the side activities, like activating radar towers or racing on a supply drop are just fun. They're all different enough to make exploring and completing these quests as you find them a worthy goal in its own. And the light RPG elements with the skill tree added an extra layer of depth sorely needed to the FPS genre.On top of that, I also really liked the story, which was another complaint of mine about 2. I'm really happy that they were able to create something interesting and compelling to move the action along, from the first moment to the last. Some of the trippy scenes are incredibly original and they make for a really memerable experience.The final bonus from this game is casting Michael Mando as Vaas. He gives an incredible performance as one my favorite villians in recent memory."
,Recommended,220240,9299195,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,BajaDeezNutz,"Not a lot to say about this game, since everyone else pretty much said what I need to but this game is amazing. It's very immersive, the visuals and graphics are stunning. The world seems as if it's endless. The only problem I had with this game was the requirement needed to run this game. It is a very demanding game, I have a geforce 570 GTX and AMD Phenom II X4 965 processor and I lag stutter so much. If you have the same or similiar spec as I do, make sure you change Directx 9 to DIrectx 11. That solves the lagging issue. Besides that, the game is pretty much solid. Great buy."
,Recommended,220240,14799887,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,DaViD oken,its not bad game its normal game and nice shooter
76561198135020188,Recommended,220240,28614527,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,J.Mitchell187,"Great game, played it on console for a long time. This, in my opinion, is the best of the Far Cry series."
76561198089765924,Recommended,220240,12995916,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ashley_Gaming,This game is just pure beauty! This graphics of this game are amazing! The campaign is flipping awesome too! I recommend this game so much!
,Recommended,220240,14789638,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,A_Ghoul,I have never really played a game like this but there is always something to do and lots of it! So much content and good graphics. Some of the camera work is not the best. One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,220240,14408964,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dan,"This game has an.. interesting storyline. The open-world feature is awesome, because it gives you a chance to ♥♥♥♥ about when you don't wanna do missions.I'm not great at the whole crafting idea, so I was pretty much stuck for ammo and money half the time. The fact that you can't save the game halfway through a mission is also somewhat annoying, especially if you've gotten so far into a mission and you have to abort it because you have to shut down your computer, or something.Nonetheless, it's a good game."
,Recommended,220240,8286549,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Amalie,veri 10/10
,Recommended,220240,13667808,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Gaffer - Charlie,Oh my god.... Anyone who writes a bad review on this game is crazy! After all the cut scenes at the start I found this game amazing to play!!!! I love it and I recomend it 110%
76561198181633241,Recommended,220240,14938661,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,The Sniper Nest™,THE BEST
76561198084125096,Recommended,220240,15054953,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,bilbo's hole,"supper fun, and is good with all the extras. 10/10"
76561198074265033,Recommended,220240,13999289,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SkillMASTA_974,"So I bough this on sale for about 6€.Which is the right price for FC3.Singleplayer is fun, especially that FLAMETHROWER.Just use it on everything.The ending sucks.What sucks more is multiplayer.And that's sad because it's essentially very good, but it keeps redirecting the host,So you'll end up disconnecting whenever there's more than 10 people playing.Punkbuster or toying with ports doesn't help.But I still manage to finish some matches.Now I'm waiting for some -60% price drop on FC4 so I could finally enjoy multiplayer."
,Recommended,220240,13404568,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Generale,"Veru good game, lots of mision interesting gameplay and big map!"
76561198123162910,Recommended,220240,13335599,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,pasha666xxx,"I bought the game as I saw a friend playing it and I liked it. Also for MP. Bought it from Steam, when it was ~30$, installed and when I opened, A dialog with a 25 digit/letter appeared, notifying me to save it. I di, and presed 'Play'. I was redirected to ubisoft launcher, and the code did NOT wok. I tried changing the user name to e-mail, other stuff - nothing. I remember contacting either Steam or Ubisoft via message, but received no reply. If any Admin is readig this, provide me with the right code for Ubisoft Launcher. If anyone knows how to solve this bug, please tell me. I'll be very grateful.Thanks in advance."
,Recommended,220240,13030706,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,CH!ckY,nice ((:
76561198040689809,Not Recommended,220240,13019559,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Маленький Груфлик,"The Ubisoft ""Uplay"" system which one HAS to install in order to play the game is awful. It's like Steam inside Steam and this time it's pretty badly done. One must create a separate ""Uplay"" account and the stupid thing does not remember one's password. AVOID Ubisoft games, it's such a hassle."
76561197985792480,Recommended,220240,13422746,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Wolfee,Best open world game i've ever played.
,Recommended,220240,12982415,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,CurseXpert,"Besides Uplay, this game is fantastic. It reminded me of Skyrim because its an open world type game which I can see myself putting in lots of hours to complete."
76561198032091093,Recommended,220240,8505718,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,vonEYEzine,"Tombraider has this beat in cinematics, however, Im done on tombraider, and I havnt beat this yet beause of the open world experience is quite large in scope and Like black flag runs you trough the same spotty cutn past the same thing over and over huge enviorment that tricks you into thinking there is more there than the sheer level of content your really playing through. active teaming full of wildlife and suprises, but after a few radio towers and a few base take overs, the typical local yokel chases ,,, it gets old. multiplayer actually still gets played, and level designer is top tier for developing multiplayer maps galor but lack of people using these tools is too bad."
76561198035621711,Recommended,220240,16495192,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,"Akrasiel ""Handle God"" 正義","Madness, violence and exotic jungle ♥♥♥♥♥♥s 10/10"
,Recommended,220240,16526365,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,McLovin,"Great game, basicly a version of skyrim with gun and towers from AC"
,Recommended,220240,16527955,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,wut was i think,"a bit repetitive, wish there were more guns. story line was okay-ishfun stuff"
,Recommended,220240,9346242,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Exiled,"Very fun. 10/10. A lot to do, always entertained whether it be the story or hunting down animals for gear."
,Recommended,220240,18052561,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,The Enquirer,"10/10: watched a small swarm of Komodo Dragons take over a pirate base, giving me experience for liberating it undetected. Would play Jurassic Park simulator again."
,Recommended,220240,16423955,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Auschwitz Birkenau,"i absolutely loved this games, like hunting tigers, playing with Friends and much more. if you´ve got the money i definetely recommend buying this game"
76561197980914614,Not Recommended,220240,13000097,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,dwolf420,Well Ubisoft does it again with yet another Uplay disaster. The graphics are fine on this game and the gameplay seem alright for the 10-15min of playtime I can get in before crashing. Well lesson learned and I will no longer buy Ubisoft titles.
,Recommended,220240,14555950,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,jroosterman,"Rich kid, gets into drugs sex and guns and turns in to a psychopath.  A game that shows causality from violence, lechery, and inebriation to Evil."
76561198079719715,Recommended,220240,7311744,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,WLM,Das kört zu den besten Spielen überhaupt.
76561198157382645,Recommended,220240,17622475,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,SkuLL^,good game
,Recommended,220240,7898089,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,OpTic iaN,feat. Baird's Tapir
,Recommended,220240,12127100,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,SmOkE,This is one of the most fun single player games I've played.
,Recommended,220240,8385027,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,failurenugget,this game is basically skyrim with guns except not as good
,Recommended,220240,8159065,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DanK NooT,It makes my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hard while playing this game. 10/10
76561198080662762,Recommended,220240,16844627,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,urra901109,if the game on discount agaian make sure you buy it.
,Recommended,220240,6184547,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,MysticalPieThe2nd,This is a good game i RECOMMEND THIS to to guys
76561198141339040,Recommended,220240,10918895,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RapTor,"Awesome game!!! Really good graphics, storyline, multiplayer... Everything is perfect.10/10"
,Recommended,220240,3002986,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Greaves,"Decent open-world shooter. Story is a bit more silly than Far Cry 2, but the characters are pretty cool."
76561198044263356,Recommended,220240,13836354,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,adamocovic,"First time playing:>See a goat that I wanted to kill>chase it for a good 10-20 minutes>Finally kill it>Immediatelly mauled to death by a tiger afterwardsSecond go:>Hop in a car>Dont realise the bridge railings can break>Crash into river>Try jumping out, get tramped under the car in the water>Drown10/10"
,Recommended,220240,13858012,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Asura Yu,best muthering game ever!
,Recommended,220240,13899299,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Callum,"Far Cry 3 Good Points:-Compelling story- Lots of activities to do- Stealth is an option- Destructable jungle- Variety of weapons- Lighting and surrounds- All main characters are beautifully voiced and you truly feel how they feel- Multiple transport options (Car/Buggy, Paraglider/Wingsuit, Jetski/Boat)- Sick, twisted tyrants that are unique and unlike any other bosses in games- Soundtrack is just.. Beautiful- Skill tree has varietyFar Cry 3 Bad Points- Poor sound quality from lesser important characters- Repetition of speech from enemies-  Depending on style of play, earning money CAN be an issue- Various bugs (Classic Ubisoft) But none that are too game breaking- When set on fire, you take a lot of damage before you can put out the fire, this can be annoying- Hills that seem like you can climb them, cannot be climed, this can make exploring a bit of a drag at certain pointsIn total, out of 10 I would rate it a solid 9. I have played this game more times than I care to remember when I played it on Xbox. On PC, it is even better. I would recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a unique story that will keep you coming back for more, the main character is one of a kind, as are the sick tyrants that inhabit the island. I cannot stress how brilliant and uniqe the story is to this game. The theme of finding yourself and who you are (and what you will become) along with having to cope with people who you love and know that the island is taking away what you were and turning into the thing you decided to fight against in the first place is just amazing. Honestly, buy this game if you haven't already and plunge into the island of insanity that is Rook Island. Far Cry 3 is a must have..."
,Recommended,220240,13903596,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Cinnamon,สนุกครับ เล่นไม่เบื่อ
76561198056714404,Recommended,220240,13881398,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Electrifeye,"Fantastic, the only thing better is farcry 4."
,Recommended,220240,10608779,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GravityRaccoon,<3 the game but i HATE uplay
,Recommended,220240,14089621,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BlackScout,"Look at the game start...Isn't that epic?So, that's it, no need to explain or do some deep analysis ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, this game is a masterpiece..."
,Recommended,220240,2868693,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Hank,"8/10 *Warning  Some Spoilers Below*Far Cry 3 is a great game, hell it's excellent but it's not without it's flaws (and I'm no IGN to willy nilly throw 10/10's or 9/10's around. The game looks, feels and plays very fluidly. The story is very solid for the most part displaying Jason's trasition into almost madness as he becomes a completely different person while on Rook Island.Vaas is probably one of the greatest antagonists or just characters in a video game, up there with the Mark Hamill as the Joker in Arkham Asylum. Using stealth to take out an entire outpost of pirates feels (and is) very rewarding. Incorporating hunting wild animals into gameplay to create new gear is great. Surveying and sniping off targets is incredibly fun just as running in guns a blazing with a flamethrower or LMG.Enemy NPC's can spot you from miles away sometimes which is frustrating but generally it makes sense when you're out in the open (though sometimes you're well hidden on higher ground or in trees etc). The characters in the game as a whole are really well written, voiced and mo-capped. They look and sound like real people and are believeable.Some bad points that prevent the game from being a 9 or more out of 10 are. Imo the story drops off in quality 3/4 of the way through becoming quite predicatable. The main down fall of the game is that it's pretty short (~10hrs actual story) and there's little to do once you've completed the main story. Luckily (most of) the story is of very high quality and does make up for this a little. The side missions or activities are pretty bland. I don't want to go racing round the island, it's fine ad lib  but I'm not playing Far Cry for racing. Why not have an activity where you get to use the  Wing suit or Parachute for an attack of a outpost or just time trials etc. Apparently all native residents of Rook Island are New Zealanders and speak and look like Maori's. NPC's other than main characters in missions have limited dialogue and have little effort put into their movements/humanity it makes the huge effort into the story characters seem out of place. Some video game logic is present here too, a guy from a circle of rich kids is able to fire and maintain a large range of different pistols/rifles/LMG's/an rpg/flamethrower/Composite bow and more. Apart from Liza commenting that now he's ""running around loaded with guns"" no one seems to find his new found expertise strange."
,Recommended,220240,10984685,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ladyy Yennefer,"My favourite sort of game are open world exploration-based games, and Far Cry 3 is perfect. I've had enormous fun in climbing mountains to see what's on the other side, shooting sharks, watching tigers clean out bandit camps, hang gliding, exploring ruined temples, sniping, etc. The world is gorgeous and the combat is smooth and fun. The island is very well fleshed out and full of wildlife the way a remote island should be. The game is pretty well bug-free, with only minor annoyances such as no quest log, being too fat to walk through doors, and tiny temple ruins with not much to see inside.TL;DR: Drunkard/stoner simulator, 11/10. Wonderful!"
76561198053026082,Recommended,220240,10975037,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BROWN GORILLA,"Did i ever tell you the definition of  'Farcry 3' ?'Farcry 3' is doing the same thing over and over again (activate a radio tower, hunt, liberate an outpost)expecting to meet Vaas."
,Recommended,220240,13984333,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Vonify,I really like the gameplay so far in the game
76561198052578300,Recommended,220240,13962180,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,gitgud,"this game is soo good,i can run it on 3 screens full HD, and the storyline so far is amazing. i give it a 9/10."
76561198050830310,Recommended,220240,13827597,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Crooks,x
,Recommended,220240,11673159,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Jessekookoo,"Amazing game, it has everything i could ask for. it has a great stealth mechanic and even if you dont like stealth the ""gung ho"" approach is do-able 95% of the time also on top of that it has great visual, and a amazing story. also the flamethrower is fun as f***"
76561198061472445,Recommended,220240,10938483,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Mexican TryHard,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fun gameplay but the story was probably the most disappointing thing with this game.Spoiler below about the ending of the game that kinda bothered me.The ending were you leave the island with your friends felt really anticlimatic. The ending were you stay on the island and Citra kills you after you have made her pregnent had more of a closure and connects a bit more with the whole insanity thing jason is going through while he is on the island. And maybe it connects with the new Far cry 4 game ehh?
,Recommended,220240,8524623,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dubble,"This is an amazing game, if you're looking for something that'll suck you in, this is it. There is so much to do in this game & it never gets frustrating. The gameplay welcomes so many playstyles it's describable only as a game, not a stealth platformer, not an action shooter, everything! The story is good, but nothing too special. If you're old enough to play it, BUY IT RIGHT NOW!"
,Recommended,220240,15748139,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,bdev1238,"Huge open world, with tons of different places to explore. The tropical setting really tickles my fancy."
,Recommended,220240,15755347,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,George .W. Kush,"Probably my favourite shooter of all time, great story, gameplay, graphics, acting and exploration. This really sets the standard for open world games. The only improvement i can think of is maybe a slightly more varied map. 9.75/10"
,Recommended,220240,15756640,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Rafax,Yes.
,Recommended,220240,15760269,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,liberosis,drove a car into the sea and killed a shark. 11/10  would kill endangered creatures again
,Recommended,220240,13385298,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,totalax,"I played this just a few months before Far Cry 4 came out. Might have been a bad idea since they are so extremely similar - but I had a blast with this one. Love the mechanics, love the characters. Great game."
76561198018687695,Recommended,220240,13606097,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Davexv,"The co-op was not what I expected, which was pleasantly surprising. Not bad, especially if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,220240,13168505,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Faust,It's so much fun that Ubisoft decided to copy and paste it and sell it again calling it Far Cry 4 this time!
76561198121706581,Not Recommended,220240,9467726,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,TomJhPage,"Not steam's fault this game has my bad review, but ubisoft's. After entering the activation code uplay wants it again, but the severs are (always) down, meaning i cannot play the gameRubbish"
,Recommended,220240,8538150,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Dr. Noob Sauce,"Picked this up during the Winter sales.  Never played the first or second.  However, the story is standalone and you don't need to play the previous titles to understand it.  The concept of ""farming"" for supplies to craft your items can be a bit tedious but overall the gameplay is very fun.  Multiplayer is addicting (earning decoding items) and co-op is a blast, although the story is very short."
,Recommended,220240,13180667,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,PaRaLLaX,Awesome game. SO much fun to explore the island
,Recommended,220240,13275688,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,FadedTeleTubby,"The story was interesting, and the crafting system is cool! Graphics is decent, and it is fun to takedown and use various guns."
,Recommended,220240,13260253,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,VapiiD,One of the best games i have played
,Recommended,220240,10574036,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,BelkaTM|CSGOSell.com|cs.money,"Game is so awesome, Ubisoft always do it right :)"
,Recommended,220240,13264320,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,daddy,"One of the best games I've ever played. Great graphics, great enviorment and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,220240,13268578,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Saukki,"No. it's not outdated. (Yet)An excellent open-world game, one of the best I've ever played.Nice gameplay, excellent graphics, (even at 720p low) and of course, really nice map.About the story mode, it's ok, but little bit too much ""drama"". It is what is it.I really do recommend this game, after playing it for 11 hours."
,Recommended,220240,13803615,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jonthefuzz,"Used the map editor,placed 1000 bears. 10/10"
76561198048091979,Recommended,220240,8079036,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Prometheus Unbound,"Not for the faint hearted or those who prefer to just run into situations guns blazing.This game is a thinking persons game. You need to plan your tactics before entering most situations. Enemies are, mostly, smart and will not stand there for you to shoot them when you are in combat. Add to this an array of weapons big and small that would have John Rambo as excited as a kid in a candy store, an RPG like element which teaches you certain skills for various situations, a stealth system that actually works, and combat that never fails to get your heart pumping, you have a mix of elements that will have you getting really involved in the world.Tactics: You really need to plan your actions in this game. The health system is kind enough to give you a certain amount of survivability, but get caught in the middle of 10 enemies all packing big guns, and you are gonna hit the dirt faster than you can get more than a clip of shots off (and that is on easy mode). This game makes you think, and gives you options for how you take on enemies.Enemies: These guys have their flaws. But mostly they are smart enough to run for cover, aim properly, and use tactics of their own such as attempting to flank you. They tend to hunt you relentlesly if you run away, and will only give up after you have run a certain distance.Weapons: This game gives you an array of weapons that are quite extensive and suited to any tactics you want to use. Most of them come with modifications that will enhance their usefulness. Some weapons become free as you advance in the game.RPG Elements: This is kept somewhat thematic by the fact you are not a trained merc or anything like that. You are a civilian. So you need to learn combat abilities as you go. It uses the idea of you being initiated into the islands tribal warrior class using tattoos that mark your advancement in various areas of combat techniques. This element strongly has you thinking of the way you want to take on your enemies from the first time you get to choose an ability.Stealth: This relies on, mainly, cover. Cover includes the obvious, such as walls, structures, and vehicles. But it also expands to things such as trees, bushes and the like. There are a few stealth based weapons available, meaning that you can really use stealth to your advantage. And There are abilities which allow you to perform stealth takedowns.Combat: Fast paced, explosive and violent. Combat is very well implemented. Even when in combat with small groups of enemies. You will find your adrenaline pumping and your brain working overtime.All these elements need to be experienced to get an understanding of how good they make this game. If you want a game that makes you feel Rambo or Mclain style. This is for you.10/10"
,Recommended,220240,13573175,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Poser Punx,"Oh Far Cry 3....How I enjoyed thee......It has a great atmosphere. Beautiful graphics ( in my opinion, close to todays standards )....One of the things that I did not like, was how fast the storyline went. I have 20+ hours of gameplay and at least 10-15 hours of it is exploration I decided to do ( Find outposts, towers, ect.. ). Things that, I highly recommend you do. However, if you enjoy a challenge, only do them based off the games storyline.I took most of the time to upgrade all gear and find all the posts/tower before doing anything. I, however, found that the game became EXTREMELY easy afterwards. So, it really depends on how you wish to enjoy it. That's the other thing I really enjoyed about FC3, it allows you to play at your own pace, heck, even during quests there are only really a handful of missions that are ""time-based"" ( and if you gear up like I did, it will become -too- easy to complete these timed challenges ).I highly recommend everyone to give this game a whirl. Especially if you're contemplating on getting Far Cry 4, it allows you to experience the Far Cry franchise ( if you haven't yet ) before spending $50+ on a new release.9/10- Poser Punx"
,Recommended,220240,8464800,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shoultz101,"I was really impressed with this title. I don't often get to finish games I start but I not only finished this game but went through and completed all the way-points, objective and unlocks. Love the open world aspect and the story kept me interested. The main villain was great!"
,Recommended,220240,23724197,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,The Absolute BonBon,"Nice game, and the fact that you can reset the Invaded outposts is an awesome feature"
76561197983659750,Recommended,220240,7849730,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,[forJ] dagoinno,SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOD
,Recommended,220240,8210046,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,btheinze,"Easily one of my all time favorite video games. The visual effects are stunning and before i realized it I had played for thirteen hours straight. Not only are the graphics amazing but so is the story line. From searching through the islands for various herbs, to burning down a marijuana plantation with a flamethrower. The experience is amazing. 10/10."
,Recommended,220240,12960717,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Gooeykat,"It's okay, glad I only paid $10 for this.  If you played any of Ubi's recent titles, it has the same game structure.  Climb a tower to reveal a portion of the map, take over an enemy camp to free that area, rinse and repeat.  There is crafting and floaty vehicles and an absolutely awful story.  But it does have some fun to be had...I 'm about 5 hours in though and I'm already feeling the monotony setting in.I only recommend it if you get it extremely cheap like i did."
,Recommended,220240,8914641,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,face,Would buy at full price and still be happy
76561198088200283,Recommended,220240,9914161,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,♛Nurple♛,"I would recommend this game to Anyone in a heartbeat. Far Cry 3 is one of the best games I have played in a long time - and when I finished the game, I wanted more. Go buy yourself this game because you definitely wont regret it."
,Recommended,220240,11277362,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,heebi jeebi,This game made it into my Top 3 games of all time easily. Maybe even the number 1 spot. Cannot wait for Farcry 4. If it's even half as good as this game it will be brilliant. 12/10 would play again.
,Recommended,220240,11409395,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,N8 the M8 R8 8/8,Possibly ranks amongst the best FPS games released in the last 10 years.
,Recommended,220240,8582239,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dectetive,Very good game unfortunately has no voice acting in Portuguese.
76561197974548939,Recommended,220240,11284236,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Christophe129,"Incredible game. Take a first person RPG, like Skyrim and add: guns, sex, drugs and a squirrel suit."
,Recommended,220240,10548193,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,GnomePunter,"Well.... 19 hours in.... and I still haven't done much in the storyline yet. I plan on getting to that though. Maybe around the 40th hour? I'm not sure. So many possible ways of killing. Plus you can reset enemies manually, +1. I've already played the game all the way through on the PS3, but it's 100x better on PC with max graphics.."
,Recommended,220240,79859,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Joe Biden,"I've seen a lot of weird things in Washington over the past 40 years. There are times when this town can get you so discouraged that you're ready to give up. I felt that way toward the end of the second act of Far Cry 2, when it seemed as though they were hell-bent on killing Jason Brody. I remember cussing up a storm to my staffers.Brody survived thanks to some quick thinking on the part of our Indeterminate South Pacific Island brothers. The goals this administration set out to accomplish will survive just the same."
76561198124259423,Not Recommended,220240,10796288,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RED SPIN 2.0,totally not wurf
,Recommended,220240,10967227,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BloodStained,Played game sevral times through absolutly love it.always something to do or always something different to find. Always new ways to challange yourself
,Recommended,220240,11630998,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Rinzler,Great game. I'm still very thrilled each time I play it because you never use the exact same stratagy twice.
76561198053062947,Recommended,220240,11682329,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,JiMMy,"FarCry 3, here we go!LOOKS: game looks gorgeous in some areas like its reality and some other it looks like a simple dirt and green from old games tho it can be due to lighting effects.Gameplay: the gun play is raw and guns have somehow interesting recoil mamangment. overall the controls are smooth and you will not be annoyed by controlls.stealth system is also very functional.also the game became repetitive after 2nd island! at that point i was just doing main story missions to be done with the game.Entertaining value: there are very cool entertaining situations like when you lead a bear toward a outpost to do your dirty job by throwing stones and pirtes with their funny accent shout ""look out BEAR!!!"" and go yolo on the BEAR!or the moment you dive into water from top of a cliff and miss a rock by a milimiter.Story: this is where the game fails for me! its like game made by a expert team of programmers and amatur writers! dialoges are poor! sidequest dialouges sucks and its kind of stupid and lazy way of get the job done!overall the writing and story telling and characters in this game suck and its the writers fault!Technically: the game is very resourse demanding i had my video card working hard through the game even with v-synce active.Do i recommand this game? its kind of 50/50! as i said great programming and poor writing.6/10"
,Recommended,220240,10754558,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Pawn★,"наи♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ейшая игра поцы,не пожалеете"
,Recommended,220240,11099832,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,gloria,I can't seem to play it.Please fix.
,Recommended,220240,12192771,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Azi9,10/10 game
,Recommended,220240,7801428,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,WuJJ,"Deep, immersive singleplayer.  Definitely one of the best open world FPS I've ever played.  It's stunningly BEAUTIFUL on triple screen.Edit: It's a huge mistake to just review the singleplayer. The Co-op is one of the best I've played as well, especially hard/insane difficulty. The only bad thing is that lobby/match-making implementation is pure crap. It prevents you from getting into a good game instead of helping you to find one.神作，单机和合作都是神作。画面漂亮，玩起来也很刺激。唯一可惜的是现在Co-op找不到主机了，要玩得靠好友撑起来。"
,Recommended,220240,7876233,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Spooky Halloween Name,The most graphics.
76561198097155355,Recommended,220240,10022874,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,The Awesome Wun,Very fun game. Played 5 times over on 360 still a great game 5/5
76561198049728501,Recommended,220240,9334774,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Pedro Gamer,"So i yet to complete the game so i can't talk much about it.Here is what i like.Great graphics, yea the game looks really good, even tho the enemies do need more variety and the landscape may get bored to look at after 10 plus hours.The main missions are very good.Lots of things to do.Ecology and unpredictable creatures make the world come alive.Role-playing elements and difficulty curve make u play more than once.Good multiplayer for this type of game.Lots of weapons and ways to enjoy combat.Here is what i don't like about the game.Easy money, yea u get money so fast in this game that just 5 hours into the game u have money to buy the best weapons, money u don't really need since the game gives weapons for FREE.Generic side quests. One word, BORING...Enemy AI is laughable sometimes.Stealth is also not that well implemented which might lead to minor frustrations.Spawns and spawn rates are stupid. Kill all enemies in the area?, wait too long others will spawn and u have to do it all over again.Gunplay is not that good. U will notice this, if u play other FPS games like BF or COD.The wildlife is way too overpower, takes for EVER to kill animals.The main hero who is over sensitive to drops (you could literaly kill yourself by jumping from 3m height!)Also the game may get bored too soon if u get all weapons and done all the crafting upgrades.So, overall Far Cry 3 is a good game, but one that has a lot of things to work before it becomes great. There r just too many flaws for me personally to completely enjoy it, but enough to recommend to people that might like this type of games."
,Recommended,220240,10049350,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,VoidFlame,"This is the best singleplayer FPS I have ever played. Its open world, and generaly a great game for everyone. I reccomend playing it on the highest difficulty."
,Recommended,220240,8192165,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Albin1997536,Awesome game. nobugs excepts some clipping error's but thats all.Many weapons (customizable aswell) good animations and animal AI
,Recommended,220240,9947610,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Galafox,"Great, just ♥♥♥♥ING BRILLIANT 10/10"
,Recommended,220240,9958803,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Musty Cunt,this game is amazing period.
76561198098798394,Recommended,220240,9888095,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Glacious,"""Skyrim with Guns"" they call it. And how freaking right they are! With this being released just at the end of the year 2012 it easily makes for one of the best games of the year. Having played only Far Cry 2 in the past and having somewhat enjoyed some elements of the game but never actually got round to finishing it, I was in for a ride with Far Cry 3. The main selling point for me to picking up this title was Vaas. Plain and Simple. I loved Michael Mando's role as Vaas, It was absolutely fantastic! When I saw the Character Vaas, I knew this was a game I had to get in on despite my lack of interest from the previous Far Cry games. I absolutely loved every encounter with Vaas and easily one my favorite Antagonist's to date!Let's crack in with the detail. You play as Jason Brody. You, Your Brothers and some Friends go on a vacation in Bangkok as celebration of your Brother Riley as he obtained his Pilot License. Celebration is cut short after a Skydiving trip after having land upon a Pirate Island. You and your group get captured by the Pirate Lord known as Vaas, a Secondary Antagonist to this story. Shortly after your escape, you are aware of what goes on within the Huge open world known as Rook Islands. Slavery. Your friends have been taken captive and only you can save them against Tyranny of Slavery. You must adapt to your new surroundings or be consumed by them.How open world is Rook Islands you may ask? VERY open! The map is huge! Tons of exploration as you wonder through the Island discovering Historic Relics, gazing at Ancient tombs, Shrines and even weapons! Rook Islands is certainly a stunning place to be. With the vast amounts of exploration you will want to be doing deep in the Jungle you are going to be wanting to get around as running simply isnt fast enough to get from point A to B. There are various ways to get around Rook Island. Ground Vechiles consist of Jeeps, Quad Bikes and even Dune Buggies! With Aquatic transportation simply boats or Jet Ski's to get around, though preferably boats. Specially if your hunting a certain predator out in those waters...And last but not least is Air, no not Helicopters or planes but Hang Gliders! What a way to get from Point A to B... Glide to your destination and enjoy the sight bestowed upon you! Ubisoft truly went to town with the detail in Far Cry 3's enviroment and certainly wanted us to enjoy it, with the time spent in the Jungle hunting or in the air gliding across the Island, its hard not to appreciate Rook Islands Beauty and Ubisoft's hard work.Throughout your journey ahead you will require upgrades to make Jason a more efficient Warrior. This is where the Hunting kicks into play. While exploring the Jungle you will be sure to discover plenty of wild animals that you can kill and skin so you can craft new equipment such Weapon Holsters, Increased Lootpacks, Syringe Pouches etc. A very nice feature and certinaly one I enjoyed. Prowling through the jungle with my Sniper Rifle taking out wild beasts before being bested by a Tiger. Dang! Be aware of your surroundings, The hunter is also the Hunted.While exploring the Jungle you will come across Plants you can harvest for which you can make Syringes with to enhance Jason.  Syringes of the likes of Fireproof and the Ability to see Enemies through walls. Given that they are a timed effect but still useful. I havent crafted them all however the more creativity you have with Far Cry 3, the much better experience you will have.Throughout the game as you hunt, complete missions, discover viewpoints (Towers that expand the view of your map, similar to those of seen in AC series) you will earn Experience. The experience will reward you Skill points in which you can use to unlock new talents in three categories. The Heron, Shark and Spider. You are not devoted to one category, you can spend your points across all three Specializations. As you begin to build up your new found traits you will begin to build up whats called ""Tatau"". Symbolized on your Left arm, this Tattoo represents a Warrior from the Rakyat tribe in which you aid against Vaas and his Pirates. As you progress through the game and spend more well earned skill points, the tattoo will begin to expand along your arm.With alot of the single player aspects, what else is there to do other than explore and discover the collectibles of Rook Island? Far Cry 3 also packs in a multiplayer to boot, personally I have no interest in the multiplayer as I'm interested in the Single player mainly however it may be something to be explored in time of writing of this review however nice to see they had time to implement this in along side their Epic campaign. However it doesnt stop there! Oh no! They went even further and added a Co-op Story mode, seperate to the story of single player mode might I add! The story of the Co-op mode is set a few months prior to the story of the single player campaign and revolves around four characters, scammed out of their money by the pirates and they won't rest easy about it! Again having not played this side just yet, its still nice to see another addition to the package! More content!!!Having spent 25hours to finish the Single Player Campaign alone while doing some hunting, side objectives and sightseeing I still have yet much to accompish. Discovering all the relics, completing the rest of the side missions and fully upgrading my arsenal whether it be my weapons or simply hunting related gear. Theres still much left after your done in Far Cry 3 and then if your curious enough to try out the multiplayer or Co-op mode that will earn you even more hours upon your gametime. Far Cry 3 is worth your time and money! I would give this game a 9/10. A must buy, The single player alone was worth it for me but yet much more to be done with this title!"
,Recommended,220240,9060638,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,NiBBa,"Oh. My. GOD. As of right know i have put in well over a weeks worth of time into this game and i am yet to have gotten 100% completion. I dont use cheats or mods for helping, i use them to make the game more difficult and more challenging. If you like the Just Cause series, you will absolutely ADORE this game."
,Recommended,220240,8922530,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Nick Gordon,"I have never been captivated by a shooting game the way I was with this one, I usually find them boring and samey but I just couldnt stop playing Far Cry 3.Great story, great looking, great game."
,Recommended,220240,8615606,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,GodlyKamakize,hells ya awesome sinlge player so far will edit to include multiplayer later on if possible
76561197988080290,Recommended,220240,10849318,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mister E,Great game so far!It's a huge beautiful open worldSkyrim with Guns!Just wish driving vehicles could be in 3rd person
76561198066767829,Recommended,220240,10838048,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Paul,"Great game, awesome campaign."
76561198089478789,Recommended,220240,10800600,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Brycifus,Awesome Game
,Recommended,220240,10861464,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TurtleBoyEX,"If only this had steam achievments and trading card, it would have made the game much more fun. But overall the game is enjoyable and a lot of fun"
,Recommended,220240,10847531,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,GuNsLiNgErX1983,"This game took away about 60hrs of my life playing through on xbox and i've now bought it again in the sale on here because its worth it.The freedom and feeling of adventure that this game gives you is fantastic. Animal Hunting! Stealth Takedowns! Treasure Hunting!The story is brilliant too and a truly memorable villian in Vaas, definately worth a purchase if you like sandox shooters or any variation of the two."
,Recommended,220240,10875330,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Crikey!,skin aaaall the animals!
76561198029991043,Recommended,220240,10824876,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,the_red__army,Awesome game... U-play almost kills it though
,Recommended,220240,21788236,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,anull,"This is a traumatic, exhilarating first person experience.You will brutally murder people with a machete, tear the skin off of wild animals while they're still warm, dig countless bullets out of your body with a knife and crash Jeeps into ancient underground ruins. You will be mauled by sharks, crocodiles, bears and dingos, get maimed and imprisoned multiple times by a lunatic, accidentally trip some serious balls on hallucinogenic shrooms in a cave, and that's just the first hour of the game.The tropical island that you'll be annihilating with an increasingly powerful arsenal of weaponry also happens to be inhabited purely by idiots and psychopaths. There is not one single pleasant human being to interact with, and everything that anyone says seems like it was hastily written on the back of a Mountain Dew wrapper in between crunch time coding sessions by young interns.You end up as a severely disturbed dweeb♥♥♥♥♥Rambo who realises that the inconceivable genocide he ends up having committed for the benefit of the ingrate, cretinous indigenous folk has irreversibly sent his sanity down the crapper. The constant intravenous intake of strong narcotics to dull the staggering physical ordeals hasn't helped either. He concedes that he can no longer integrate with human society and must therefore remain far removed from it, much to the complete indifference of his phony, sociopath ""friends"" he risked life and limb for again and again.It's a tragic tale, flimsily executed and aspiring to be more than it is, clumsily told and lacking any profound meaning or satisfying conclusion, with plot holes as large as undead bears. But who needs a relatable, engaging narrative when you'll be living vicariously through white 20-something middle-class male juvenile power fantasies blowing up stuff real good and sniping Machiavellian bad guys in the face, all in a gorgeously rendered setting with superbly smooth, crisp controls?100% still worth playing in 2016."
,Recommended,220240,7859330,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Plymouth Harrison,"So let me give my overall opinion of this game, and work backwards; It's good. A fun FPS with a fairly decent story and good characters. However, it's by no means perfect. I have a lot of problems with the game that range from glitches, the combat, the story it self, and controls.-StorySo we enter the shoes of a kid named Jason Brody, a young man who loves living life to the extreme, though things like Sky diving, mountain climbing and surfing. He, his brothers and friends are within the ranks of the biggest stuck-ups in the universe, being incredibly rich to the point of irritation, and being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to the residents of their first vacation spot. However things quickly change when they are told by a DC to go to Rook Island, presumably thinking that there were no rules there.When they arrive, they are quickly apprehended by a group of pirates lead by Vaas Montenegro. However Jason manages to escape and is picked up by local tribe that quickly assimilates him into their ranks of Warriors, thanks to Citra. He does so with a porous, to save his friends and go home. Though out the game, a Dr. Earnheart watches over the friends of Jason while he goes off to save them.But nothing is this simple on Rook. Thoughout the course of the story, he slowly goes mad, enjoying the killing, the drugs, the guns. It leads up to him having to make a choice as to weather or not to stay or leave Rook.I wont explain much else, otherwise spoiling it.Overall, good story. Rather dumb, channeling Rambo for better or worse, but good.-Gameplay and MechanicsI'll go though this from disliked to liked.First off, who the hell thought it was a good idea to bind the Grenade key to the middle mouse button? Or switch grenades to rolling the mouse wheel? Same thing with the drugs, binded to keys I don't use that often, being way the hell out on 7 and 8. Whatever, I managed to rebind them and move on. No big deal, just a personal bug-bear of mine.Melee-play. ughhhh....UGGHHHHH *goes to throw self off a tower* It's so ♥♥♥♥ing boring. You push one button to do a quick slash with a machete, it's unfun and a major missed opportunity.Loot. There is no point to loot in this game, you don't find any interesting weapons, and you can only flog the lot when you get it for money. The colorful dialogue for the stuff is pointless. It would be cool if there was a model of whatever the item is, but there isn't.Hunting. What a great idea in this game, but wow did it miss some opportunities. After you craft all the items though hunting, there is no point to keep hunting, because you don't eat, don't need new clothing, don't need anything like that. After you get everything, it's down to the shop to flog the lot. I wish there was a better way to go about it, but there isn't, it's just dumb.The drugs. Right, I tired them just to say ""Hey I tried em'"" but was not impressed at all. I was expecting to see some trippy♥♥♥♥♥state and beable to see the enemies from the point of view of a bird or something. Instead it just looked like the Sniper ran though smashing Jarate on everyone's heads, and was unimpressed. So while it was toted really well, it was just a boring little gimmick in my mind, and I never used them.The missions them selves were ♥♥♥♥in' sweet for the most part. Everyone who's played it will know of the Burning Weed level. That♥♥♥♥♥♥was awesome. However, with some missions, you get this sense of it's trying to funnel you from one area to the next. All of them contribe a reason for you to be in a valley of some descriptions, or stuck on a low lying island, or asked to stay in one position and snipe. It's irritating, although the missions are still put together really well. Nothing is over done, or underdone, it's just right.Driving. Yeah it's all right, coming from a background of racers, the driving is by no means bad and it's nice to drive a sodding truck for once.The radio towers were defiantly one of the better fetures, but it raised two questions in my mind;1. How can a radio tower have an effect on a GPS when GPS Units don't use the towers?2. Why the ♥♥♥♥ can't I get a paper map that has everything on it?So to 'unlock' parts of the map on GPS, you need to climb up these towers that are scattered all over the island and activate them (?). It's interesting, but with the two questions above it does kind of prove moot. But I do like it, as the towers are varied in the states of decay they lie in, and it makes for a challenge at points to climb the towers.Gun-play and customization. I suspect this is where a bulk of the budget went, as the guns, while limited are fairly fun to use and sound ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Except for the .357 and Desert Eagle, I mean Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing Christ. The weapons are all fun to use, and can be used at any point. You don't need to upgrade to a more powerful weapon to fight with, you can just use what you like. That's fairly cool. The customization is really nice, albeit limited. You can give the guns paint jobs and upgrades that add scopes, silencers and extended magazines. Again, multiple misfires here. More items to put on the guns, or a painter to make your own design would of been awesome, but someone failed to bring this up. Explosions are particularly epic, so is using fire to suppress the enemy.Stealth. This is easily my favorite aspect, as it sheds away everything from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ economy, the broken loot and hunting system and uses the game's great gun-play and ideas to it's benefit. It's so satisfying to beable to sneak into a base and kill everyone without alerting anyone. Or if you♥♥♥♥♥♥it up, you can still go run and hide before reinforcements show up, then kill them off that way. One problem; The AI is brain dead, and if they can't find you, they go back to their patrols as if nothing happened, even walking across the body. That's forgivable, if a little annoying. Example; I got a stealth kill with a big ♥♥♥♥ off truck, and the guard's friend said ""It must've been my imagination"" ignoring the now burning truck that slammed into a pole.Overall the gameplay is good, but man does it miss the target in areas. Definably worth playing, if only for the gun-play and stealth.-Ghrapics and PerformanceThis game is beautiful. I love how everything looks, that even though the situation it self is ♥♥♥♥♥♥, it takes place in such a pretty locale that it easies the trauma of the situation. My computer handled it really well, even when things got busy, the frame rate never dropped bellow 30, and remained at a consistent 45-50 FPS at all other times.It's pretty and runs well. Derp.-OverallIt's a good game, with some neat ideas, good mechanics, pretty environment, well made characters (if a derpy♥♥♥♥♥story), and a fun stealth element. I recommend it, but just bare in mind, it's really, really basic. There is nothing here that hasn't been done before or better. I recommend it only for the stealth, story and gunplay. Other then that, blehhhh."
,Recommended,220240,4016133,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,[13th] Danius,"Very pretty looking game and innovative gameplay. I really did not expect a Ubisoft game to impress me as much as Far Cry 3 has. The combination of FPS and RPG elements is top notch and very welcome. The graphics are just jaw dropping at times and I have definitely taken more than a couple of hang glider rides simply to admire the view. Would very much recommend this to anyone who enjoys FPS games, good, well thought out, well written, and well acted stories, and an open world environment."
,Recommended,220240,8139992,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Moharu,"Mindless action, which is always fun!"
,Recommended,220240,8138100,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,GAZ.exe,"Very good single-player story, great FPS experience, although you may be a little bit overpowered on the normal difficulty. Multiplayer is also nice, more of a casual experience for half an hour breaks than a hardcore competitive thing. Alltogether, a very decent game, especially if you grab it for a low price in a sale."
,Recommended,220240,8078351,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,titan_rs,"Pretty immersive. Love the animals in it.but why bother with the stupid trinkets in your inventory.  Just give me cash, don't have a pointless ""full inventory, must empty it"" based task system..."
76561198063315078,Recommended,220240,8061011,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[RSB]DesOLatE,awesome co-op game!
,Recommended,220240,8099269,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,crazyking89,"This game is like crack, I literally can't stop playing it, it is so formulaeic I can't believe how addicted I get! It's a first person shooter, free roam, adventure game with lots of rpg elements. You capture bases essential (this is completely ignoring the story) and kill animals to make stuff, but somewhere along the line you do guienely start to feel like you have been left on an island and you have to conquer it to survive! I really don't want to go into too much detail. If you read this Olly it's nothing like the first two, which is kind of a shame, but what it accomplishes more than makes up for that, BELIEVE ME. If you want immersive story lines mixed with amazing gaming try the first 2, but if you want pure immersive gaming (no story) go for 3. It's a FAR CRY from what we have seen before AHA AHA AHA..."
,Recommended,220240,3850719,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,MoridinZero,FPS-RPG with good character development and storyline. The game doesn't stop once you beat it either they let you continue playing with all you're new shiny guns. I particularly enjoyed the crafting/ hunting aspect of the game. The combat was intuitive and not easy actually pretty challenging at times. All in all I had a lot of fun playing this game.
,Recommended,220240,8098243,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,✪ ZyfLa,"The best single player game that I've played in my life. Very immersive and the story keeps you feeling that you're actually this person (better with great graphics). Although you being near invinsable gets very old very fast because you should die in the cut scenes but however you do not. I understand it's to keep the story going, but it isn't very fluid. The last critism I have for this title is that the 'helpful' quest tracker reveals what's about to happen and is constantly ruining the story so I suggest you find a way to dissable this feature to create a better experience.Well worth what ever price it's at, even full. You'd have to be stupid not to buy this on a sale though, fantastic game."
76561198006590740,Recommended,220240,8070424,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,[NxGn] Roonski,huge game epic
,Recommended,220240,8173594,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,wootmachine,Hooray.
76561198077350937,Recommended,220240,23291427,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,KonArk,Great Game!!!
,Recommended,220240,7795997,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kjellbergenson,jogo bom.. o final e horrivel
,Recommended,220240,14692228,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,meechum,Somehow animal skins are still useful after they've been fried by a ♥♥♥♥ing flamethrower
,Recommended,220240,23286521,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dsmoke503,great game
,Recommended,220240,26962597,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hinkle,Vaas needs a hug
76561198060868837,Recommended,220240,7799807,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,jellydonut,This is one of the best games I've played this year.
,Recommended,220240,3895559,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Salza,Nice game but 7/10 because of the UPlay♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,220240,14905617,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,'Verm,Being forced to use uplay ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198082385154,Recommended,220240,29949970,Posted: 15 February,all,[Ursus] Concept,If you like weed and magic mushrooms you would like this
76561198177515271,Recommended,220240,19250660,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,TzToxic,"ITS AWESOME.... Uplay is fun, not annoying, but steam is a 10000000 times better."
,Recommended,220240,14885834,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Abdullah,"Actually, this game is my gate to Gaming WorldFor me, it was a perfect game; open world, shooter, very huge environment, amazing story and the most important thing: brilliant gameplayAll of these together make FAR CRY3 perfect game"
,Recommended,220240,22099999,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Zeovun,Good Game10/10
76561198133849616,Recommended,220240,21367174,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kvadrex,"""Did i ever tell you the definition of insanity?""and fak uplay"
,Recommended,220240,887038,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Wukku,Its like Skyrim with guns which is like Fallout New Vegas with swords which is like Fallout 3 with a better story which is like Oblivion with guns which is like Morrowind with a worse story.
76561198185069779,Recommended,220240,15506441,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,✪ GijZeman. -Q- ッ,"its a good game you have free roam, i like dat a lot in games. but the story line is short i played 20-25 hours and i was done. but this game is 4-5"
,Recommended,220240,12084383,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Badger,Its like skyrim with guns.
,Recommended,220240,7346519,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Arie,"The singleplayer is amazing, the multiplayer is call of duty"
,Recommended,220240,1325618,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,DinosaurPizza,"Everything that Far Cry 2 wanted to be is accomplished in Far Cry 3. Open world gameplay, meaningful side content, engaging gunplay and rewarding upgrade system. Storyline doesn't live up to first half expectations but it's enough to see it through to the end."
76561198091741004,Recommended,220240,10543793,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TheChubbyFatKid,One of the best games I've every played! A must buy!
76561198095562061,Recommended,220240,8064456,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Captian Sugar Titties,This game is great.-Shane Gornik
,Recommended,220240,10512727,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,dec0d3d,citra bOObs x)))10/10
,Recommended,220240,3262246,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,jc helmet,"It's time for a super serious review guysA Herd of Cassowaries rampaging through a pirate outpost. Sneaking through the jungle until a tiger decides to try to make you its lunch. Ramming a car bomb into a base and setting it off. A hot pink 1911.If any of those sounded appealing, then you’ll probably like Far Cry 3. To put it simply, Far Cry 3 is what Far Cry 2 should have been. Almost every aspect of it is improved. No more are there infinitely respawning checkpoints or enemies that can spot you out of nowhere. Far Cry 3 takes what was bad about Far Cry 2 out, improves on what it did right, and then sprinkles some komodo dragons and magic mushrooms on top.The plot starts with you, Jason Brody, and your fellow spoiled-white-kid friends getting captured by Vaas Montenegro, leader of the pirates on the unnamed island you have decided to visit. After escaping, you set out to save your friends, and get off the island. While your character, and the slice of the 1% that you came to the island with, are often insufferable, virtually every other character is fantastic. Vaas is a psychopath, and absolutely drips of crazy; Dr. Earndhart is fantastically creepy; and Willis Huntley may very well be my favourite character of 2012.But there’s far more to Far Cry 3 than the story. It’s set in an open world, letting you wander off and ignore the plot completely in favour of hunting animals, taking outposts and climbing radio towers if you’d like. There’s a crafting system, allowing you to upgrade how many guns you can have on hand, how many syringes you can carry, etc. You’ll get most of the upgrades quickly, though, since there’s plenty of animals to hunt and skin, and while the final upgrades for most things are part of hunting sidequests that unlock at conquered outposts, they’re all available on the first island. There’s also a skill system, giving you new abilities and upgrades. XP is easy to come by, but some skills are locked behind missions and won’t be available until a ways into the game.While the gameplay is a lot of fun, I was sometimes left wanting more. The one downside to having outposts not respawn is that you can clear out an entire island of enemies and then have nothing left to do but hunt cassowaries and mop up sidequests. If you’re lucky you’ll run across the occasional firefight between a washed up group of pirates and your native allies, but those are often over before you figure out where the gunfire is coming from.Side missions are a mixed bag, all of them are fun the first few times, but they rarely stray from their formula. Assassination missions make you kill a guy with a knife, supply drop missions make you drive through some checkpoints, et cetera. Fortunately the hunting missions have at least some variety in what kind of weapons and animals you are using or going after. Using an RPG to hunt down a pack of rabid dogs is a lot of fun, I assure you.While there is a finite limit to the content, it’s not like this is a short game. There’s PLENTY to do in the story missions alone, and if you add general island dicking around time to that you have a very substantial experience. Even the formulaic side missions are good for a change of scenery every few hours.Speaking of scenery, this game looks good. Really goddamn good. and getting a very smooth frame rate with some amazing visuals. The first island is mostly jungles, but there are plenty of beaches, rivers, bunkers and so on and so forth. The game is also really colourful. In a world if grey and brown shooters, it’s great to see a game set on a tropical island that feels, well, tropical. There are bright birds and plants everywhere, and with the wildlife system the game world feels alive."
,Recommended,220240,10551423,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Moist,"Now that is game is back on sale, make sure it's one that you pick up!HUGE open world, countless things to do, relateable characters and great scenery/ai draw you in very quickly.Do it!!!"
,Recommended,220240,10546908,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,CrimsonReLLiK,"I've always wanted to try Far Cry. With the Steam Summer Sale it was the perfect time to grab FC3 and try out the series. I gotta admit, I was blown away by what I have played so far. Amazing game. Highly Recommend it for both those familiar and those who have yet to try it out."
,Recommended,220240,6829743,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Lukarditi,Esta muy bueno es todo demasiadamente abierto tiene miles de cosas vale la pena.
,Recommended,220240,25024639,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,acid,"I just finished playing this, it's one of my favorite games of all time. A few small bugs, but highly reccomended. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,25091498,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Davideco,"I love this game because of the story,of the characters,of the scenarios of the missions,it's like i'm completely in the game,there's no davide playing the pc,there's davide killinkg bad guys in the Rook Islands"
,Recommended,220240,25160380,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,B3n3D1cT cUmB3rB4tCh,Just here for the badge. Good game though.
,Recommended,220240,25104936,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,A4MangoZ,Rated.. 100/100
,Recommended,220240,17416784,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Lord Quickie,Just amazing!
76561198022289105,Recommended,220240,25049527,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,88blacklabel,"I was pleasantly surprised at how much funI had playing this game. It's like GTAmade out with Metro in a SJW's room. It's over the top schlockdone quite well. The gameplay's fun as hades too.If it's on a good sale, it'd be a great buy.Solid 8.5/10 - Would white privilege again"
,Recommended,220240,25049640,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TheKyleム,good single player bad multiplayer
76561198086952906,Recommended,220240,11767136,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,PotatoBlood,I can't go back and see my activaion code D:
76561198245432428,Recommended,220240,24976973,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,A_TIC_TAC,blah blah
,Recommended,220240,10531521,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Knaurken,"Good game, a few hours spent here... I like the story, the graphics, the wildlife (except the ducking bears and tigers) and of course, The Guns.Good game. 7/10"
76561198001883238,Recommended,220240,25036243,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Naugrim,does not get any better
76561198113809483,Recommended,220240,24739343,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,gerimo,one of the greatest stories out there!
76561198216663797,Recommended,220240,25070386,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Bubblejuiceman,"As far as this game goes, it's gameplay is fantastic, and the story concept is great. If you haven't played this yet, you absolutely need to. This is a can't miss open world fps, from the graphics, to the smooth and satisfying gunplay.However, I will next vent my opinion on the ending. If you read it, please understand that my feelings about the ending do not change the fact that I love this game and think everyone should have a playthrough.Just my opinion here, after being thoroughly disappointed by the ending:""Save Friends"" ending should have at least had a cut scene where you talk to your friends before they leave, and at least say goodbye. It felt empty and unsatisfactory that Citra dies, your friends leave without a word, Dennis disappears (it seems) and you're just... done?""Join Citra"" ending was pretty stupid to me, maybe if there was a trippy cut scene showing your future kid being a ruler, or maybe explaining why the hell you had to die, it might be more worth while (kind of).Either way, both ending were left without explanation, and it was rather disappointing. The gameplay itself is amazing, and the story was alright until the ending.If the devs didn't want to put more effort into a cut scene, they could have at least left a optional conversation with Dennis back at the temple or Amanaki village.Good ending: Jason explains his decision and what he said to his friends, brother, and girlfriend. (Those are pretty deep relationships to just cut off without a conversation).Bad ending: Dennis explains why Citra stabs you while spouting nonsense, and what the means for the village. (They'd have to get creative as to why you're still alive to free roam the island after you've been stabbed).P.S. I understand that the free roam after the game isn't considered a continuation to Jason ""after"" the story ends, because if you chose the bad ending, then how could he free roam the island? However, i'm sure that could have been worked around with just a little more thought in the story telling at the end."
,Recommended,220240,25059889,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,E-A_B,"Environmental interaction, stealth capabilities, chain reactions, and customization.Oh and co-op and multiplayer.Do not buy if you want to succeed in school."
,Recommended,220240,16556814,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Rowan,"Frankly, my previous review was just ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥Now, do i still recommend this game? For sure. But there are precautions you should make.First of all, make sure you are logged into the one and only Uplay (Yep, ♥♥♥♥ing Uplay) account, and activate the game key on that account. Why do i say this? Well. DRM. I cannot play my game ever again because of Uplay's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid system which basically has locked me out of playing my own games. I've purchased the game on steam, and have it in my library. So why can't they just let me ♥♥♥♥ing play it. Idiots. If i want to play the game again in the future, i'm going to have to buy it again.However, if you do get to play it then it's a ♥♥♥♥ing good game. Enjoy."
,Recommended,220240,15937968,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Wicked Jeromy,"I bought this game during some steam sale and I am just now getting around to playing it. You know we all buy a crap load of games during the sale with good intentions of playing them and never getting around to them. Seems like the story is good. the game has lots of side stuff to do. you can hunt animals and craft their hides into various item to carry more guns, bullets, ect. I havent played online this game is a few years old and there is a newer version out now so I can never find a game and it doesnt help that its a uplay gameI give it a 7.5 out of 10"
,Recommended,220240,8320299,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Barrunen,"It does so much, and it does it all well.Far Cry 3 stands out as a phenomenal game, and one of the best of this decade. With an equal balance of open world interaction, and scripted sequences, its single player experience is memorable and fun. Unlike its predecessor, Far Cry 2, the third installment does not feel chore-ish when you’re travelling the island archipelago, and its mix of Indonesian and Spanish denizens. Sound and graphics are optimized suitably for the PC, and you’ll find yourself running, gunning, sliding, swimming, ziplining and more with ease and fluidity.Moving around has never been so fun.Some features that stand out from the Far Cry 3 single player is Vaas. Vaas is single-handedly one of the most thrilling and exciting components of the game. Many have refuted the narrative experience of Far Cry 3 as a water-downed and blatantly colonial experience: white man kills all the native citizens, and kills them better than they kill each other. There is no avoiding the colonial undertones in the plot – it is the weakest part of the game. The single player campaign draws its strength from characterization: not of the protagonist Brody, but every other character you meet but yourself.Some of the other strengths of the single-player are its fun “levelling” system; the first-person platforming of the radio towers; using a bow; stealth takedowns; and hand-gliders.On top of a lengthy Far Cry 3 single player (it took me around 20 hours on medium difficulty and without doing every side quest), there is an extensive co-op campaign and a multiplayer game mode.The co-op is fantastic, allowing up to 4 players to tromp through the lush jungles and pristine coastlines over the course of a handful of missions; the whole experience lasting up to 4-6 hours depending on your team cohesion and your DLC.The multiplayer is distinct enough to allow some separation from the Call of Duty phenomenon, but it still relies on the norm of getting XP, having Challenges, and running and gunning. It has a few unique traits, mostly in how you can move about, that obviously draws from the single player campaign. Conclusively, Far Cry 3’s competitive multiplayer is a nice diversion from the other two modes.All in all – there’s a lot to do here, and you get the true bang for your buck. Vaas will never leave you; the co-op is tons of fun; and the multiplayer is an added bonus.It would be something of insanity to not invest in the crazy world of Far Cry 3.Update: And still, after Far Cry 4 and Far Cry Primal, Vaas and the tropical islands still take the crown as the more authentic and memorable experience from the new 'trilogy' of Far Cry. (except, of course, Blood Dragon)"
,Recommended,220240,8559625,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,twitch.tv/zutgorak,"Hey there brat! What would you do if you where captured by pirates together with your pals and brothers?Yeah.. right..no. You would probably last about 1 minute before going into hysteria.However. If you want to pretend to be a badass in the making, Here. Have a go atbeing Jason Brody. A nobody who suddenly have to learn the skills of guerilla warfare.Sneak, stab, headshots.. its all there. All while dodging aggressive wildlife on a tropicalisland.Oh! Lest I forget. You also have a narcisist who also carries a touch of god delusionscoupled with drugs and psychosis who wants you as dead as last years burgerstock.This... is.. the definition of insanity"
76561198053164199,Recommended,220240,5627745,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Fucking Scumbag,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!
,Recommended,220240,8413745,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Chugalug,10/10 would review for free xp again.
76561198088419818,Recommended,220240,8735795,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Sgt Scraggulus Maximus,"Great game, very good open world and graphics. Fun combat, but needs more crafting options. If you like open world games it is a great one to play."
,Recommended,220240,8572767,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HashnNugs,"Great game, good story."
,Recommended,220240,8487296,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dean Dingus,"Great game with hours of fun. You are stranded on a pirate infested island crawling with deadly animals and dangerous terrain. Hunt down treasure and animals to buy weapons and craft a varity of weapon holsters, ammo pouches, and much more. Multiplayer and co-op are a great way to play with friends as well as being tons of fun. Free roam just adds to the adventure by granting the ability of exploration as well as the ability to hunt for rare animals and claim bountys on vicious pirates. Overall Far Cry 3 provides hours of fun and very addictive."
,Recommended,220240,8677623,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Maxx Strike,This Game is defintely a must buy.
76561198115503126,Recommended,220240,8678261,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Sassy,great game
,Recommended,220240,8786233,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Assy McGee,Amazingly fun game. Reminds me of Red Dead Redemtion mixed with Just Cause 2. A must play. 9/10.
76561198007388528,Recommended,220240,2441306,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,{LEONTES}_Dellodas,Worth trying by all action-adventure fans out there.
76561198046513436,Recommended,220240,8157299,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Slayer,Dis game iz gud cuz it iz vry fun nd haz big map nd treez
,Recommended,220240,7780683,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,paper ☠,idiot white people get stuck on an island
,Recommended,220240,4987444,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Patrick,"Single player is down right awesome, however you may not get too much out of the Multiplayer, a bit slow and repetitive, just a simple add on to a game-Don't expect too much from Co-Op either!"
76561197987790518,Recommended,220240,8471245,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ðaft,I really ought to chew this shrapnel out of my arm
,Recommended,220240,8443271,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,.pixel,"This is a brlliant game i thurally enjoyed the play through, it was slightly laggy.....i think that was a problem with my intel graphics card....but the game content is amazing to play through verry fun. not got board yet!.the CO-OP is also brilliant. the short of it is if you can GET THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,220240,26431335,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,autist,"Shoot everything that moves because it wants to kill you or eat you, just face it - you aren't gonna make it."
76561197982514494,Recommended,220240,32403862,Posted: 13 June,all,M.u.d.d.+,"Excelent game. The story is a true gem and the people in the game are quite the sight to see. The game play is very well thought out also, the way the hunting system is put together and the way you can raid a base and make it your own is super  fun. You can alos make the jungle your friend, I was raiding a base and a bear came and killed all of the enemies. Of course he tried to kill me too but I put him down and skined him for later. This game is very good and is worth the money, I got it on sale however. 10 out of 10 on my list.happy gaming!"
,Recommended,220240,8219846,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mehmine,"This game is so awesome! Really worth the money, and always fun to play. The game looks awesome aswell, the graphics are super. I've really enjoyed playing this, I think you should buy it."
,Recommended,220240,28611278,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Spooky Lime,gr8 story tbh
,Recommended,220240,11002346,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lovely Jubbly,Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?Well its not this game.buy it now.
,Recommended,220240,26480591,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dr. Romm,"Grabbed it on sale really cheap, it was just as amazing as the 3 other times I played it on console. Would reccomend."
76561197960330605,Recommended,220240,30297476,Posted: 3 March,all,vilda_marina,One of the best FarCry games!Vaaz is still great...
76561198080967001,Recommended,220240,33184457,Posted: 3 July,all,mariot7,Truly amazing!
76561198174234215,Recommended,220240,32997376,Posted: 29 June,all,minimatt233,"My first far cry and it seems like a good place to get in to the series. You can take whatever approach you want, such as stealth or going in rambo, giving you freedom to play it the way you would like, but has very good stealth mechanics. The story seems interesting haven't finished yet it gets very interesting. Will update when I have finished the story."
76561198044065348,Recommended,220240,12167119,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,supergalkate,"Story of a bro named Jason BROdy; having a good time kicking back with his homies on vacation. You control Jason through his island Spring Break shenanigans. I personally got some killer tribal tattoos, cheated on his girlfriend with a native chick, took some drugs, hunted some endangered species... just the average bro lifestyle. 10/10 would brocation there again."
76561198047701686,Recommended,220240,11569480,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Stranger,"8.5 / 10 This game is incredibly engaging, you get to hunt in order to increase your carrying capacity of everything including wallet money, you craft stuff to enhance or heal yourself using the plants around the map, and still they keep it simple enough so you dont get lost and dont know what you need for what. the views are amazing, incredible screenchot views worthy of desktop backgrounds, yet the map is complicated to navigate so you get lost pretty often, this game could really use a flying vehicle to get around, even with the fast travel system, you still find yourself having to go around huge mountains to get to your destination.Really nice combat system, you get skills, nothing too Over powered, just stuff to mix up a bit with the aiming and shooting that really adds to the experience alot, this enables you to choose if you want to eliminate an enemy camp without anyone ever knowing you were there in stealth, or just break hell and make sure everyones feels the heat.Also, once you complete the main missions you find yourself with barelly anything else to do so the hours of fun you will get out of this game are bound to how long it takes you to complete the main missions."
,Recommended,220240,28336164,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Pavlaka,Best game ever! 10/10
76561198106011641,Recommended,220240,33249988,Posted: 4 July,all,ADIEOV,This is best far cry since the first one. also the island is magical (:
,Recommended,220240,33226078,Posted: 4 July,all,🔥Steel-Slayer🔥™,Cancer
,Recommended,220240,14632696,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Sonicbest™,"Far Cry 3 is just beautiful, not only in graphics but in storyline aswell.Buy it. Play it. LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,220240,17698866,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Mako,its totaly a game that i recomend all to buy. its better then FarCry 4.
76561198113100396,Recommended,220240,33470858,Posted: 11 July,all,Rouskoi,"This is the product of Morgan Freeman and a panda producing a baby, just amazing, I hope Far Cry 4 and 5 are as good as this!"
76561198002481471,Recommended,220240,33452048,Posted: 11 July,all,rustbucket,"I bought this game in the 2017 steam sale as it was one of those games I never got to play due to my bad PC. Minor issue with sound when I first started it up, but a quick google solved the problem and its been great ever since.It was really exciting in my first session as I'd never played a game like it, then as I got used to it it kind of settled down into a rhythm as you start doing side quests, clearing the map in your downtime from the main campaign. It's been a while since I've been so interested in the characters to the point where I really care if they live or die, so the acting/characterizaton in this is spot on.It plays like a more mobile, faster Skyrim with elements of Assassin's Creed shoved in (stealth, various takedowns possible). It's incredibly satisfying to plot out a plan of attack for an outpost and then execute it in one smooth motion, or ♥♥♥♥ it up by getting mauled by a tiger the minute you come out of camera mode.I've been playing it every day since I bought it and I've been pleasantly suprised by the variety of things available to you (knife throw takedown is my fave) so it offers a lot of fun filled gametime. Like any other game where you do main quests, side quests, mini games, unlocking the map, upgrading your character etc; it does get a bit repetitive. This game justs staves that off for a little bit longer than others.8/10"
,Recommended,220240,18264273,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Lord Dakimakura the meat beater,Albanian soldier simulatorI milly rock and shoot at the Opps
,Recommended,220240,33242759,Posted: 4 July,all,☆Dr∆cktic☆,"I loved it back then when it was new and now still... BUT Windows makes problems with the game, it crashes like every 15-30 min. It is a very beautiful game for when it was released.  (seems like these problems are only with Windows 10)"
,Recommended,220240,8121877,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,ILYA666,Game is cool
,Recommended,220240,24819180,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Borris,Great game
,Recommended,220240,24956518,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Sebastian,"Far Cry 3 seems to me like they did everything right.From excellent combat to a gorgeous environment to excellent voice acting, I felt as if though I got more than my moneys worth with this game. The story really left me thinking quite a bit and it left some room for multiple theories.To me, this game is a solid 10/10. I enjoyed every minute of it."
,Recommended,220240,8162641,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,THEWhiteWolf496,I love FarCry 3 because it has intense gameplay pretty scenery and is Open World
,Recommended,220240,13516872,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,WizBiz,"I wanted so much from this game, and I got everything and more.Pros- Story- Jason Brody- The locals- Driving on the beach- The gameplay- The enviorment- Everything- And the StoryCons- Predictably Linear9/10"
76561197996616865,Recommended,220240,25185689,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Felcas,I loved this game soo much that I actually bought it after reaching midgame. I only buy what is worth my money ;)
,Recommended,220240,23484647,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,fantom,good graphics and good story
76561198151500673,Recommended,220240,24488879,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Nathan emerald.gg,this game is amazing
76561198134658940,Recommended,220240,19345003,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Rick Ross,"THIS REVIEW MAY CONTAIN SPOILERSSO PLEASE DO NOT READ LAST LINEIM WARNING YOU TO NOT DO THISPLEASE STOP YOU DONT EVEN HAVE10 HOURS DONT EVEN LOOK ORIT WILL SPOIL YOUR STORYscrew it you looked already10/10 IGN- She rode me like a pony and then killed me,atleast my child will have a legacy."
,Recommended,220240,30719144,Posted: 24 March,all,Rehvilhams,"BEST Story,BEST Gameplay,BEST Graphic But Server Multiplayer is Bad"
76561198045773006,Recommended,220240,24170481,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,diet Dr pepper,very good game uplay is trash it is trying so hard not to compete with steam a origin
,Recommended,220240,24388915,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,DareDeviL,"Far Cry 3. An action adventure open world FPS stealth game developed by Ubisoft in 2012.This is one of the best single player games I have ever played. I has a rich storyline, with a lots of characters, heart booming events, and an awesome atmosphere.Singleplayer, as I said, is the best part on this game. There are alots of exciting missions, side missions, quests, and colletcting items aswell, such as collecting hide of animals to craft holsters, plants to craft medicine, or just find collectable stuff, like Relics, Letters and other stuff. There are also a lots of minigames, like poker, racing, ski jet racing, shooting... If you dont like storylines, and rather explore, or do random stuff, you can still enjoy this game.Multiplayer isnt really the best. Its still a lot of fun though, although if Ubisoft took care about it a bit more, it would have been a lot better. Its fun to do the missions, but the story of the multiplayer campaign is a bit short. Its still fun to play it, especially at harder difficulty, where its also a bit challenging.Overall, I rate this game 8 / 10. Its awesome at singleplayer, but a bit boring on multiplayer"
,Recommended,220240,24073140,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kevin Abstract,best ubisoft game ever.
,Recommended,220240,8349837,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,franspaco,One of the best open world games I ever played. It combines the feeling of an exploration/adventure game with a FPS to create an action splashed adventure game.
76561198107559046,Recommended,220240,12962647,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sixty Five,Great game once you get past the whole uplay thing.
,Recommended,220240,7885370,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,dweezler,I chose this as Game of the Year last year when I played it the first time on PS3.  Now that I saw it was on sale for the Steam Autumn Sale I had to buy it again.  It feels so good being on the island again and seeing the familiar sights.  This will be my third play through and it feels great and exciting everytime.
,Recommended,220240,13217252,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,MonoclePig,Very good game 10/10
,Recommended,220240,15183361,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Hamsterkins,"Easily one of the most open world games i have played, and the most fun. All day i would just wingsuit of the highest mountain. But the story is great, i haven't checked the multiplayer because it's laggy and glitchy, but definitely worth the £15 or whatever it is in dollars. Or euros. Or Yen. Or any random currency."
76561198087355105,Recommended,220240,14342514,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Reach The Ferret Master,"Well this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great! Great graphics, a nice FPS game (Also it has bows. I like bows). The story is also great, fell in love with the characters once i met them.But the number 1 reason to play this game is: You can hunt deers with RPGs and burn weed with a flamethrower.10/10(Also down with Uplay, no one likes it! >:c)"
,Recommended,220240,7926396,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,JayDCza,"So realistic, I got screamed when a shark bit me from behind..."
,Recommended,220240,7931251,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Vytautas Mineral Water,Yes this game is a fun game
76561198038300438,Recommended,220240,7935682,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Arren318,great game been stuck playing it for few days now!
,Recommended,220240,16088824,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Achilles,TIDDIES! oh and good story too..
,Recommended,220240,7974824,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,nmap -v fbi.gov,"Really awesome. Graphics 10/10.  Game is fun and I never got bored. So much to do, I only really played the story, and hunted bears with my knife."
,Recommended,220240,7892475,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Paul,"Single player seems great, multiplayer is a absolute disaster, constant host migrations while playing and bugged out lobbys. its a shame because multiplayer can be very good when it wants to work. i would definately buy it for single or co op, but if your buying for multiplayer matches steer well clear you will left dissapointed. Graphically the game is quite nice, if you have a reasonable spec pc and you crank them settings upto ultra you will see well detailed enviroments and nice lighting effects. its early days for me so far so i have a lot of exploring to do, feel free to add me if you would like to do some co op :)."
,Recommended,220240,2041121,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Geoff Oscar Bluth,"A group of kids go on holiday in a really bad location. They should've checked on Smartraveller.gov before going, but they clearly didn't, because they parachute directly on to a pirate infested island. ""Oh yeah man, Ivory Coast, that sounds like an ace vacation spot. Lets not check anything about the area, lets just go because we're super spontaneous. #YOLO""I feel no sympathy for the player character because of his poor holiday choices and as a result I only get as far as the first cliff in the game, which I promptly jump off as this prospect is far more viable than battling an island of pirates with my sweet tribal bro-tats."
,Recommended,220240,7875517,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Pladimir Vutin,"Quite possibly one of the most realistic ""coming of age"" games out there, really makes you feel for Jason as you cut and shoot your way through the jungle evading all types and forms of evil and menace. One of the best games i've played in a long time.Graphics - 7 (some pop-in issues)Voice and Speech - 8 (Vaas is terrifying as well as Hoyt, however the villagers are a bit wonky)Driving - 8 (for a FPS the driving is really satisfying)Hunting - 9 (one of the best out there, not realistic but incredibly fun)Shooting and Upgrade Mechanics - 6 (once the bow is acquired the game becomes a cake-walk)Multiplayer - 8 (the multiplayer, when a lobby can be found, is astoundingly good)"
,Recommended,220240,5078605,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Ferjanov,Damn awesome game ! just get it to play co-op with me :D
,Recommended,220240,7882726,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[♥נcк] MrFues,บอกตรงๆว่าเกมนี้เป็นอะไรที่มันส์มาก
,Recommended,220240,10194751,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,The Baptist Baby,"you literally play as some random white privileged kid, how the hell does he know knifefighting tactics and rocket launcher strats? fight Vase Negro and the boring villain Hoyt Vulcan. pretty fun game though, if only for stabbing♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,220240,10164528,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Bryndor,"Amazing shooter. Everything about this game makes me happy. Its map is HUGE and keeps you entertained 100% of the time when exploring. Hunting wildlife is just amazing. I love getting a great shot with a bow from the other side of the mountain and not feeling like its too easy.Tigers scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa me.The outposts to take over are great and I have reset them mutliple times to take them on. Its one of the most satisfying games I have ever played. Above all of this good stuff, the game is one of the best looking games I have ever seen. It is probably the best looking game I own if I do not include mods. The island is just unbelievable good looking and you will stop and pause to look at it sometimes. Setting the forest on fire is also a good way to look at the graphics, as well as parking your boat in the middle of the ocean.In my top 5 games of all time. 9.5/10. There isn't enough variety in hunting missions and side missions for this to get a 10, but its so damn close."
,Recommended,220240,10530310,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,PROPHET.,"Great game, A little old now, but I always go back to it for it's sheer violenceYes I'm writing this purely for the achievement."
,Recommended,220240,10104518,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Ｔｏｂｌｅｒｏｎｅ,"Finally finished and collected all sort of crap.I like this game, this is a nice f***ing game."
76561198042342193,Recommended,220240,11300824,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Scared Guard Man,if ur black ull probably be offended cuz ur killing lots of black ppl who stole ur♥♥♥♥♥♥dawg
,Not Recommended,220240,11544061,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Firestone,"Alright let me start with this- Thumbs down I will give pro's and cons.Pro's-Gameplay is fantasticStory is epicWeapons are greatGraphics awesomeCon's-AI is overly predictable (hide in bush ai resets even after using an un-silenced weapon, knowing dam well somone is in the area with a gun, shoot hide reset- repeat)Graphics are awesome- I know this is a pro but these tropical open world maps have had a bug in them since dead island (even black flag has this problem ""lets set the farplane clip to 100,000 on hi rez, with blur active-"" You might as well be running afterburner) and unless you have liquid coolant on your graphics card and processor you can only play in short bursts without damaging your hardware (titans have a tempeture downgrade switch so if you got a titan your safe) I melted a 560, 560 ti, and a 660 ti on dead island and this game was reading the same tempature increase and rate on duel amd 7950's crossfired after a few  i could smell the parts cooking and the heat coming off my processors radiator was tremendous If you get this play in hour intervals max with cooldowns (I like to play my games in long sessions-monitor your tempatures while playing).Multiplayer is terrible, player build maps just horrid.It has a san paro gang style map attack mode that isn't bad but I feel like it should have been broke into smaller sections of the map with a aggressive ai push back.Uplay, I dont mind uplay but I already have steam, and it feels like a redirect to me. Ubisofts attempt to steal faithful steam users for thier bs steam cloan. Sure it has everything steam has (minus a couple thousand games) and some more profile benefits but it is still a redirect, steam clients should ONLY need steam for steam purchases, ubisoft needs to accept this slap thier name all over it and stop forcing users to log in thier client ontop of steams. WE DON'T WANT IT- KEEP FORCING IT AND WE WILL STOP BUYING YOUR GAMES! The right approach would be offering ingame rewards to test drive uplay INDEPENDANTLY and let the user choose whats better.Till I get a liquid coolant system for my graphics cards (on the shelf in storage). Amazing I have over 50 games on my system and only three give me heat issues, and all three have tropical maps."
,Recommended,220240,11344764,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,[PST] Basilico Fresco,it's ok
,Recommended,220240,14265651,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Adscent.,"A fantastic game. Characters, story and soundtrack are awesome. Sometimes the game is hard to follow and understand but really worth all the money."
76561198119121687,Recommended,220240,12750777,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,FlaffeN,This game raises testosterone levels by 700% illuminati confirmed. 8/10
,Recommended,220240,16048061,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MerlinPants,"The great:  The pure sense of freedom.  Other open-world games plop in what they call a ""sandbox"", only to do what a parent would do to a kid in an actual sandbox, which is hold their hand and forcefully steer them to where they need to go and to what tools they need to use.  Far Cry 3 pushes the parent away, shoots them a few times, and spits on their remains.  When liberating an outpost, do you get points off for doing it stealthily?  Nope.  Do you get points off if you then get noticed and proceed to rocket-launch the place to smithereens?  Nope.  Do you get points off when you then throw a molotov at the empty shacks and burn it all to the ground?  Nope once again.  This game knows how to do things;  gives you a toolbox, and sets you at a task.  You can get anywhere on the map any way you want, you can kill animals any way you want, you can desecrate ancient tombs any way you want!  This leads to a ton of replayibility, natural variety, and emergent gameplay.The good:  The world.  While some areas can feel samey, (it's a lot of jungle), this in no way takes from the beautiful and artfully crafted environments.  The map is enormous, pocketed with hidden tombs and abandoned army bases, the lore is rich, as seen in carvings, scrolls, etc., and the forest around you feels alive and evolving.  While driving around, you could see a pack of wild dogs attacking enemies, or a jaguar hunting some wild pigs.  If you're sniping from a hill in the distance, it's entirely possible you will get mauled by a nearby tiger.  Additionally, the fast-travel system is not too intrusive and makes you work for it, as you must first liberate strongholds at varying difficulties.  All-in-all, the whole thing feels real.The bad:  Uplay and PC optimization.  Blah blah, Ubisoft sucks, blah blah.  Moving on from that, the only hang-up I have with this game is how it performs.  I can run a modern game like Dying LIght or Shadow of Mordor at about 45-55 FPS easily.  I cannot, however, manage to keep a steady 35 FPS in this game with a mid-range GPU.  I feel like there could have definitely been more optimization in regards to this platform, and as a result, my fan chugging away takes me right out of the experience.Other notable things:  The story/characters.  While the story isn't a twisty-turny masterpiece of fiction, it is written and acted out well.  The villains are charismatic and memorable (especially Vaas), the voice acting is pleasant, and the progression of events moves along briskly and with some intense set pieces.  I haven't yet played a mission where I felt bored, it's genuinely surprising.Result:  Buy it at no less than 25% off."
,Recommended,220240,14000951,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Finn1616,Best game I have played in a while!
,Recommended,220240,14057762,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Sir NUG of NUG,"This game is worth every single cent you spend on it, I mean seriously, how many games have you played where a bear or a tiger goes down to a few shots but you can be killed by a gang of cassowaries, Cassowaries, CASSOWARIES!!!10/10 would die to a cassowary gang again..."
76561198154987439,Recommended,220240,14076506,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,UniZed,I LOVE everything about the far cry Franchaise im still in story mode right now and i just cant stop playing! 10/10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220240,15497828,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Rotten Ham,Sold all of my CS:GO skins for this10/10
,Recommended,220240,11363264,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Thraiso,"This game is fun, except for the part in which you have to run increasingly longer errands for the guy who's (still) repeatedly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥one of your friends."
,Recommended,220240,15011732,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,| Kōda | twitch.tv/funwithkoda,"GOOD GAME, ONLY DOWNSIDE IS THAT YOU NEED TO HAVE UPLAY INSTALLED"
,Recommended,220240,15415597,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,MrCraig,I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! overall 11/10
76561198144401469,Recommended,220240,14552597,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,colddust21,"First thing firsts, yes this game is a good fps.The only problem is that after i finished the story i could not pick it again. It is fairly easy to finish the entire game all side missions and all. The side missions are also repetitive so once youve beaten it once you wont feel the pleasure the second time around.This is only my opinion so don't take it too seriously."
,Recommended,220240,15867253,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Gaary,Its realy realy good game with realy good story :) I recommend a very good game (y)
,Recommended,220240,15686005,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Pertominus,"- Went out exploring- Swam to a small island- Searched abandoned gun tower- Violently murdered by a group of Cassowaries- 10/10Uplay, however 0/10"
,Recommended,220240,30310726,Posted: 4 March,all,Chiy,"UPDATEThe game crashes or lost connection when I'm using directx 11 when I switch to DirectX9 everything works like magic.I have a pretty powerful machine and dont have problems with any of my other games.ORIGINALThis game is pretty good in single player, the game mechanics and graphics are great for a 2012 game, but I cannot complete any mission in coop because the connection to the server gets lost every time. Its impossible to complete any mission at least in my experience."
,Recommended,220240,637527,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,KрaзИИвaн,"If you get passed all the killing and cursing and blood letting and tattoos and guns and women, this game really is about the inward jouney to Christ."
76561197998202182,Recommended,220240,1803159,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,_Panzer_X_OZ_,Good Graphics. Good story.
,Recommended,220240,20419687,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dawly™,"Best SinglePlayer i have ever Played made by ubisoft, It was the Best Of the series for me.Pirated it,Finished about 4 times,Bought the game Franchise while in discount,Completed it again.10/10 would do it again.Oh and Citra's ♥♥♥♥♥♥s are good."
76561198082207614,Not Recommended,220240,12953673,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,dhyan,Bought it but uplay lets it crash on start up.Its up to you some can play it some dont i read.
76561198105836985,Not Recommended,220240,8556290,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,beef-time,THis game is by far the glitchyest game i've played so far on my computer. I have a great computer yet the sound is out of sync and the video/movment is constant stuttering. Thank go I bought the game so checp or I'd demand my money back from this game. I loved this game on PS3... after this experience I'm probably not buying games from steam.
,Not Recommended,220240,8666585,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,pawel_wm,"From the moment I installed the game it was already infuriating.You're forced to install uplay and have an account to play, (what's the point of steam then?!)The mechanics are just terrible; your menu is cluttered and spammed with uplay news.Saving and loading sucks. There's no quick save, there's no load option in game. You have to quit the game and sift through menus to get to the load page. Simply frustrating and inconvenient. Spoils game enjoyment. Game has crashed mutiple times within half hour.If the game crashes steam doesn't register it and you can't relaunch it because it thinks the app is still running."
,Recommended,220240,7278224,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Aeolus Totalis,"Good Story, good survivial experience. One of the must-haves for FPS lovers!"
76561198064529739,Recommended,220240,9114271,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Windows 93,"""Its like guns, but with Skyrim"" -NGI11/10"
76561198047366198,Recommended,220240,12294376,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Rettznom,Far Cry 3 might be one of the best singleplayer shooters I have ever played. The action is great and you can have fun running and gunning your way through your enemies or take the sneaky approach stabbing them in the back and chaining together multiple enemies to take down at once. It is loads of fun and highly replayable. I'd recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,220240,13601664,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Theta-i,"Wow. I was blown away. This is simply an amazing title! I have played this for well over 200 hours and have enjoyed every single one. The game is solid in almost all aspects and feels like the sleek, open world, modern first person shooter that it is.Gameplay is solid and fun. It has a traditional feel to it. Guns do the right amount of damage, movement is smooth, and engagements with enemies feel fluent. It’s modern, that’s all there ist to say. The combat gives a strong ""Call of Duty single player"" vibe, but that's not a bad thing. Shooting an enemy with a lot of health causes them to flinch and drop their weapon, among other things. The enemies react to your movements and are not bullet sponges. When stealthing, enemies react very well to what you do. They notice dead bodies and more. For an open world game it's nice to see combat mechanics that are still up there and on par with games today. I'm looking at you Fallout.Combat 9/10The main story is where you will be spending most of your time, though, so that’s what matters. You’re Jason Brody, who’s stranded on an island controlled by pirates. The pirates have captured your friends, and over the course of the game your goal is to get your friends back and kill the pirate leader. The story has approximately 40 missions, but because of how they’re structured, it feels like a lot more. The story is divided up into unofficial “sagas” as I’ve dubbed them, where each saga deals with Jason dealing with one character. Halfway through the game a whole new game world is opened up with a whole new faction to fight. It refreshes things greatly.Story 10/10The game is open world and playable without exiting the game world (except for loading missions.) This is a great feeling, and even better if you’re not used to that gameplay like me. Being able to go from mission to mission exploring the island with minimal interruptions is great. Rook Island’s scenery is beautiful and there are many places to explore. Throughout the map there are radio towers to climb and outposts to liberate. The outposts can get slightly repetitive, but are very fun to liberate. After you complete the story, you can reset the outposts back to under enemy control. There are several ways to tackle an outpost and take it down, so there’s bound to be one to suit your style. The world lacks many targets of opportunity and special quests to do, and the existing ones get repetitive. However, on my first few playthroughs, it never crossed my mind- I was fully immersed. Only after playing Far Cry 4 I realized how it was lacking.World 9/10You’re required to make a Uplay account to play this game. It’s annoying and stupid, but you have to do that to launch the game. I made my account with a throwaway email adress, set it to auto sign in, and have had no problems since. Not as big of a nightmare as some think. The visuals are great, and compete with games today. Weapon models are detailed and look very real. Not much else is to say, the game looks stunning, but not overly detailed. Performance is solid, I have not encountered any stuttering with my GTX 760. However, at least for me, this game has had some quirks. Very rarely (only happened handful of times) parts of the map won’t load, weapon skins are white, and the map glitches. It’s not very common, but can be annoying. It doesn’t run in that aspect as smooth as, let’s say, an iOS interface, but it’s more than fine. The issues I’ve encountered are low in number and not game breaking.Performance: 8/10This is a simply stunning first person shooter. I recommend it to anybody who likes modern FPS games and is looking to switch up their library. Once you get past the Ubisoft DRM nightmare, it’s smooth sailing. I have played through the story over 5 times now and still love it. Great combat, graphics that hold up today, and a gripping story make this game a favorite in my book. Do not hesitate to buy this game.9/10"
,Recommended,220240,8384977,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mushy,"This game is pretty good. The freedom presented players is refreshing in today's shooter landscape but the lack of visual diversity (especially when compared to FC2) as well as  a less interesting tone than its predecessor. An interesting and brave concept and central idea is also pretty much ruined by hammy writing and voice acting. The game shines when it simply lets you loose on the massive (and gorgeous) world, the campaign missions are pretty restirictive but everythign else simply gives a group of enemies and a large and (most importantly) player driven number ways to tackle them. Shooting feels great, interface works well and this is one of the few genuinely good Ubisoft PC ports.Depending on your tolerance for repitition I'd say wait until this on sale to pick it up, but pick it up none the less"
76561198060107110,Recommended,220240,13698067,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Verlaine,"I rarely play these kind of big budget, AAA games, but I saw this on sale and decided to gave it a whirl. I'm glad I did.The game is a wild ride, with a large variety of over-the-top vehicles, gadgets & weaponry at your disposal. The voice acting and dialogue are first grade, comparable to what you'd get in a first-rate action film.The combat and stealth are implemented quite well, despite an overreliance on QuickTime events. Those QT events make the game feel very ""console"" at times. Veteran gamers will know what I mean. It's hard to really *lose* here.The story is compelling and well told, despite the protagonist being a typical Joe Sixpack American-type. The villains are some of the most outrageous and cruelly entertaining I've ever seen in any video game. There are also some brilliant sections simulating drug-induced hallucinations that reveal a great depth of creativity.Be warned, you have very little control over the plot of the game. The only real chance to influence the plot comes at the game's very end.Highly recommended, if you can get past the highly scripted nature of the game and ignore its clear console origins."
76561198047898407,Recommended,220240,14944125,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Icewraith,"far cry 3, a good all round first person shooting game with very small problems that drag the game down a bit.Now for me I didn't find anything ""great"" about this game but did find good things like, the skinning animals to make small upgrades to your gear, impressive graphics(with good attention to facial details!),fun mission design and the antagonist Vaas.The AI were ok (occasionally taking cover or kamikazing into you) with only a small range of different enemies, the map design had lots of areas that were very hard to get to or were inaccessible, there were also a average amount of weapons with a good amount of recoil were necessary, plus there were a couple of over powered weapons(shredder,Z93,etc)I only had very small problems with the game but there were lots of them, like the slightly hard driving or the slightly annoying weapons menu, the stereotypical drug lord (hoyt), some unlikeable characters, a strange and annoying plot(my opinion) and weapon sights getting in the way of mid range headshots(mainly the optic sight).overall a pretty good game 7/10"
76561198047361188,Recommended,220240,13166319,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fontleroy,"This is a fantastic game and I have played many more  hours than steam would suggest as I originally had it just on UPLAY.The game is significantly more fun to play and easier to pick up than Far Cry 2, and the graphics are some of the best I have ever seen, which is especially noteworthy given the huge open world environment.If you enjoy First person shooters, and you like exploring beautiful open world environments, you will love this game 10/10"
76561197970563199,Recommended,220240,27368899,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Noigel [Strictly ER],"A great step forward in open world design.  You can see some of the cracks but the story is aweomse, the game-world is beautiful, and you'll stay for the really good poker minigame."
,Recommended,220240,41120,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,TeSLACOIL,"Assassin's creed + Crysis = Far Cry3, more or less.The best one of the franchise so far."
,Recommended,220240,25040543,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,DYECASTING,I knew this was going to be a good game. But I didn't know it was going to be THIS good!
,Not Recommended,220240,8552283,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ValdisMD,"Would be a pretty nice FPS if not the Uplay implementation bullsit, seriosly why would I want to go from store to store creating multiple accounts, ♥♥♥♥ ithis. I mean every game developer goes this way too, whtas with the idea of having your online store? You are not getting any close to steam, so Uplay, Rockstar social club, Origin- suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198087145387,Not Recommended,220240,8688342,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,bkgreen63,"When I first watched the game trailers for this game I thought it would be a exciting, Action filled game with a cool storyline and, Fun to play. Well after plopping out forty dollars for this game and the add ons. I started to play Far Cry 3. IT looked kind of one directional at first but, I thought well maybe it will pick up as the story opens but, Much to my dismay the game never did. The entire game is so ONE dimensional and, You basically have no decision's to make on your own, They are all made for you. And, I also thought being a Rockstar game that the graphics and storyline would rock. But, Again HUGE let down. I have to say in all honesty I was very, Very disappointed in this game and, They take what could have been a really fun game to play and, Make it complicated with un nesseceary QTE's and, Crafting crap and, Collecting things you more than likely will never use.  Mostly a bunch of junk. If you like boring, Mediocre, Long lasting games with no decisions to make on your own and a anti climatic ending then this game is for you. If however you like games that offer challenges or are fun and, Let you have a choice with your game decisions then STAY AWAY FROM FAR CRY  3 !!!!  THIS GAME IS DISAPPOINTING TO SAY THE LEAST AND, IT'S ONE DIMENSIONAL PLAY SUCKS !  I WARN YOU DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. YOU ARE ONLY GIVING AWAY GOOD MONEY FOR A CRAP GAME THAT I WILL NEVER EVER PLAY AGAIN. I AM SO DISAPPOINTED THAT I DID NOT HEAD THE WARNINGS THAT I READ BEFORE I BOUGHT THIS GAME BECAUSE, THEY ALSO SAID DO NOT BUT THIS GAME, IT SUCKS !!!!"
76561198035641201,Not Recommended,220240,8802703,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Canadianbacon69,ITA DOESNT WORK FOR ME PLEASE DONT GET IT :(
76561198021985351,Not Recommended,220240,8856492,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,commrade,"WELL!! i decided to wait a while before getting this game after hearing about all the problems with crashes and other bugs and well they obviously cant be bothered to fix as my game crashes all the time, story line kinda sucks your trying to save your friends, only thing is there not your friends and you dont really give a damn about them, theres no emotion towards the characters at all in fact i dont even know half of the characters which makes the story feel pointless! the only characteryou get to know is your brother who dies near the begining!now apart from that the game looks amazing and the gun play is very nice crafting is easy enough and you can modify some of the weapons but because of the crashes this game is unplayable for me!its about time game develpoers took there responsablities seriously and stopped bringing out broken products and like this game cant be bothered to fix them!"
76561198026772421,Not Recommended,220240,8944690,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Para,"I would love to recommend the game, but I haven't been able to play it thanks to the uPlay DRM software preventing me from launching it in the first place.  Requires registration to log in and then presents an error message that no Ubisoft servers are available to register.  Forum searches show this to be reported repeatedly to no avail.  I could go further out of my way to figure out a way to earn the privilege of playing a game I already purchased but I'd rather spend my time on a game that wants me to play it."
,Recommended,220240,7757786,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,RADISKULL,"Despite the injection of a heavy dose of console-style action in the storyline missions, Far Cry 3 still delivers the open-world mayhem you would expect from the series. Some of the missions feature silly game mechanics more typical of console games, such as ""Mash this button to win"" and ""Quick, press this button or you'll have to watch the cutscene over again"" which feels out of place in a PC shooter, but Ubisoft has gone out of their way to add in FOV controls and other features that you would expect. All-in-all this is a very fun game and I would recommend it."
,Recommended,220240,9945299,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,nerull7,"Far Cry 3 is great sandbox game which is not handholding corridor modern millitary shooter. You can spend countless hours in game hunting animals for better equipment, hacking into radio towers for region maps or doing sidemissions for for experience or cash. Story of game is unfortunately linear with two different endings. Story is solid with exeption of paranormal stuff, which doesn't make any sense. You can also play in cooperative mode, but I haven't played it long becasue I don't have may friend with that game."
,Recommended,220240,10650692,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,worlebird,"I honestly am not a big fan of the story of Far Cry 3, but the open world is just so amazingly engaging that it kept me playing through the end."
,Recommended,220240,19815396,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Firebird VII,Amazing Hunting Game with great graphics and jungle feeling.Story is mediocre
76561198116759864,Not Recommended,220240,13079347,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ljakse,I dont like this game
,Recommended,220240,15988434,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,JudasPriest,"Far Cry 3 is a really good FPS game it is followed by great and long story (plot twist), good graphics, many wapons and attachments, smart NPC-s, good animations, lot of outpoust to be liberated, many radiotowers to be climbed at,many egzotic and dangerous animals, large map size...I definitly recommend the game  it doesen't cost much and you truly get what you payed for."
,Recommended,220240,20235184,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gal Sektleder,"Pretty good game. Does it damn well when you feel with the character during the game, from a scaredy cat in the big jungle to basically Jasön Brödy, the mürderer of mankind! The world manages to keep your attention without getting boring, and there's just enough to do without it turning into busywork.My two main complaints is that the climbing sections can be frustrating when Jason feels to play wannabe-parkour genius up the radio towers and with that keeps falling to his death by slipping over the rails, when I intended for him to just slightly jump. Another thing is the boss battles; it's clear here that the developers hadn't any clue how to make them awesome, so they mashed in some cheap QTEs and but it all in some berserker hallucination style. I felt really robbed of properly knifing Vass in the face myself.Otherwife, a good open-world game. A huge step up from the terrible mess that was Far Cry2."
,Recommended,220240,17801627,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Califoxia,"Amazing Game, 10/10. Everything is Fun."
,Recommended,220240,22651634,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Pyro,"Far better than I expected, didn't lose it's special audience grasp that it had from the first 2 chapters."
,Recommended,220240,14094070,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,chairbender,"Took me about 13.5 hours to beat. Fun mix of action and stealth. The game changes it up and managed to stay interesting even when I was spending extra time with sidequests / taking outposts. First person perspective is a nice change for an open world game for me and I enjoyed the precise shooting mechanics and the customizability of the weapons.One major complaint is audio fidelity. The audio quality of the voice over is just terrible coming from playing other open world games (like Sleeping Dogs). It's hard to describe, but it just sounds fuzzy and overall unpleasant to hear.I'm not going to complain about the writing, despite a lot of contrived and unrealistic situations and character behavior - I actually thought it was interesting overall and just wanted to keep playing to see what happened, but I didn't really feel that immersed by it. There's a lot of plot holes and things like that that don't really matter overall - the story is just a device to give you a bit more of a reason to enjoy the core gameplay. It does that fine and does so in an interesting way that made me feel like there was more thought put into it and more to get out of it (in terms of analyzing the deeper meaning of it) than I got from my initial playthrough.If you like open world games, I think you'll definitely like this. There's lots of activities to do, but, unlike in other games, I felt like I could be powerful enough only spending a small amount of time going out of my way to accomplish them. It doesn't feel overwhelming, but if you want to keep playing after experiencing the main story, there's plenty to do. The movement, geometry, overall area design, and traversal mechanics could've done a lot to harm the open-ness of the game, but I never really got frustrated with things like trying to climb hills or find a good route to sneak around to take over an outpost. The game rewards you with a surprising amount of power as you acquire new guns and skills, but you'll probably feel like you've hit the upper limit about 2/3rds into the game.If you like FPS games, you'll probably enjoy the variety of guns and quick, satisfying gunplay. Playing on a mouse and keyboard, I found it fun even though most encounters were easily overcome by pulling off headshots. As the game progresses, they change up the enemies in ways that keep the challenge consistent with your skills as you get more experienced with the mechanics."
76561198156097241,Recommended,220240,24352689,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,✞ legion ✞,best game 10/10
,Recommended,220240,24254921,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,RapangoRap,Love this game! <3
,Recommended,220240,23488514,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,☠ Šv4ЯĎík  Joker ☠,It is an awesome game.-The story is really good-The open world is beautyful-The animals are impressive-The graphics is still great for 2016-Many guns and attachments-But the cars aren't so great
76561197991876673,Recommended,220240,21902871,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Jedlin,"Good game, good.Yet for open world game I would expect longer gameplay. That is all, otherwise I was really enjoying playing this piece!"
,Recommended,220240,20138819,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TrainsGoVroom,The best open world FPS game I've played so far.10/10
76561198161067617,Recommended,220240,21061303,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,◄SesaЯ►,bagamias gura lui de joc ca e bun
,Recommended,220240,850486,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,AcidSnake87,The best open world single player experience ever. I can't ♥♥♥♥ing believe how amazing the gameplay is. Think Battlefield 3 meets an open world game. The FPS mechanics are ♥♥♥♥ing smooth and you'll forget your playing an OPEN WORLD/RPG in no time. Don't skip this amazing title!!
,Recommended,220240,14880977,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Sam Houston,"Where FC2 makes you feel like a terrible person through amplifying gameplay, FC3 tries to do this through the narrative. Most of the complaints I've heard about this game come to this exact aspect (the aspect that makes the game for me): even when taking missions, you're not a good person. Your character is a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥living out his action movie dreams, ""saving"" the natives from their oppressor. You're not supposed to feel good after completing the narrative, you're supposed to be left troubled and wondering. That being said, a couple of missions (mainly involving Buck) take this a little too far for me. There's a fine line between forcing players to question themselves about what they are willing to do to progress the game (a question asked many times throughout the story), and trivializing certain actions. FC3 doesn't always walk on the right side of that line, but for the most part it shows a good effort.My main complaints with this game revolve around the huge power creep. Whereas in FC2 at the end of the game you'll have better weapons but still need to play smart, by FC3's midpoint your protagonist has turned into God. You'll have access to items that literally make your character invincible, and while that's convenient for some of the more obnoxious quicktime boss fights, that's a cover for poor game design.There also is a good amount of extraneous features and systems. Hunting, crafting, WWII letters, Relics, plant gathering, radio tower, drug notes, etc. all seem fresh at first but quickly become tiring.  It's a troubling turn when the gamer views a ""secret"" marker on the map as another objective to be ticked off rather than a secret to discover, and FC3 goes far beyond that point. Some of the systems seem to have beem put together by dfiferent teams who never spoke with each other. After hunting an animal you can skin it and craft items with its skin. However, the animation for skinning is actually the protagonist pulling out the animal's internal organs and putting them in a bag. At first I thought this might be commentary on Brody's action hero fantasies, but after watching the animation for the 200th time I didn't care anymore.Coop is present but takes out all that makes FC3 different and fun. Whereas attacking a point in the Singleplayer game would allow a great deal of creativity. Coop is a linear shooter. Most levels have one specific ""best weapon"" and punish you tremendously for not using it. This is unfortunate, because between levels you use your experience to upgrade certain skills and weapons. If you specialize yourself in the sniper class and weapons, then you'll be entirely out of luck when you run into a level set in a cave or bunker. It can be fun to play with a friend or two, but Coop's definitely not the strong point of FC3."
,Recommended,220240,12998381,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Taffarel,"Best Far Cry ever.I spent many hours in the game to hunt down animals and driving.Melee combat and sniping are both enjoyful. I found myself taunting across the screen many times :DAt first, inventory screen baffled me but you keep getting used to it.Buy it. But don't let it just stay at your account. Play it, enjoy the island, enjoy the scenario.-By the way multiplayer maps are good, game-modes are better.-----En iyi Far Cry oyunu.Oyunda araba sürme ve hayvan avlamayla epey vakit geçirdim. Bayağı eğlenceli.Bıçakla dövüş de, keskin nişancılık da eğlenceli. Oyunda çatışmalarda, sızma görevlerinde coşkudan adamlara bayağı saydırdım :DBaşlarda eşyaların olduğu ekran çok saçma geldi ama sonradan alışıyorsunuz.Adam akıllı bir oyun arıyorsanız, bu oyunu satın alın. Satın alıp da köşeye atmayın, oynayın. Sindire sindire oynayın, adanın ve oyun senaryosunun keyfine varın. 30 saati harcadım, tüm yetenekleri açtım, bazıları oyuna ""eklenti paketi"" etkisi veriyor :)Çoklu oyuncu haritaları iyi, oyun modları daha da iyi.Şimdiden iyi oyunlar :)"
,Recommended,220240,21125792,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Monkerlotus,"Only morons shriek about Uplay, just write your passsword down and stick it in your wallet if you have trouble remembering things like that(or link it to steam so it doesn't even ask or pop up),Farcry as a series is one of the best out there and this game is no exception.  Survival, crafting and combat, all feel immersive and well made, after 3 years, the graphics look as amazing and detailed as ever.The island looks great, it reminds me a bit of Crysis in some areas.  The villain is great and pretty much all the motivation you have for finishing the story comes from him.Weapons are good, great customization, make any gun your own, Or don't use any guns at all, the choice is yours!"
,Recommended,220240,21070040,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,sqwarecircle,"This game has alot in it to play. Doing the story alone is maybe 10%. I've played about 40 hours and only have done 50% of the game, which will eventually include reclaiming the entire island, lots of bounty quests, rare hunt quests, searching temples for lost relics and letters, discovering memory cards to uncover learn the history of Rook Island, marksman challenges and other miscellanous challenges. Only a little bit of it turns into tedium, but being able to take a break and do something completely different allows you to go back to something and make it feel new again.The story itself was interesting and fun. Some of the cinematics for the story quests were amazing. Overall a great experience. 8/10"
,Recommended,220240,21364840,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,MarselLlo,Awesome OpenWorld game
76561198037845817,Recommended,220240,7930668,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Randin,truly awesome! Extensive core gameplay and awesome role player cooperation. makes me really feel like i'm in the action myself. AWESOME MUST TRY!
76561198006160923,Recommended,220240,20145813,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Ljungbacken,Great game but i hate uplay
,Recommended,220240,20931857,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,MRKOTEYKA,Far Cry 3 is one of the best first-person shooter! And I was happy when I passed this game. It is worth the money! I ADVISE EVERYONE!!!
76561198169342722,Recommended,220240,30638573,Posted: 20 March,all,Jush,"It took me about 22 hours to complete the campaign. Those 22 hours were amazing! To do all the activities in the map would take a pretty long time. Everything about this game I loved. The story line was great too, but I have to say I like FarCry 4 alot more for one reason, more content. The storyline isn't as good, but the gameplay is amazing! I do recommend this game, but I recommend you check out FarCry 4 too."
,Recommended,220240,20649544,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,dahlerus,"This is hands down one of the most fun games I have ever played (and I've been playing PC games for over 20 years).Sure it's not perfect (I'm not a huge fan of the story or the main characters, the menu system is a bit clunky, a linux port would be nice, and of course there's uplay...), but the core mechanics are extremely well done: very satisfying gun-play, huge environments to explore (using land, sea and air vehicles), a variety of missions, taking over outposts and radio towers, sneaky assassinations, hunting animals, searching for relics, even the little challenges and mini-games are really fun.If you like open world shooters, you will probably love this game."
76561198156516682,Recommended,220240,25083565,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dangerjones,GUYS IF YOURE HAVING PROB WITH LOGIN U JUST HAVE TO DOWNLOAD UPLAY CLIENT FROM UPLAY WEBSITE HATE UPLAY LOVE THE GAME DEFINITLY RECOMENDIN
76561198101652734,Recommended,220240,23120214,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,What a nice guy,+
76561198159837466,Recommended,220240,16848028,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Spid3r Kill3r,awesome
,Recommended,220240,18142786,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Tak Melihat,Nice
,Recommended,220240,18188993,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Muddy | Celtic Koala ♣,"Epic game, realy wide and detailed map, Vass is awesome in the bad rôle, the story is pretty cool :3"
,Recommended,220240,13071151,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Sneaky,"The best game i have ever played so far, im looking so much forward to play Far Cry 4!"
76561198044114201,Recommended,220240,13375727,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,minus,Worth $7.50
76561198071831947,Recommended,220240,18145591,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Hectic_Habib,10/10 epic adventure with an amazing story
,Recommended,220240,18278692,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Saitech,"A wonderful single player game with a great story, fun gun play, interesting ways to get around and enjoyable combat.BUT if you're interested in the co-op don't bother, it was a truly terrible experience, it was linear, forced and full of glitches. Even the 4 co-op characters were unlikable.If you can get past the fact it uses Uplay then it's worth it just for the single player game. Just don't expect much from the co-op or multiplayer."
,Recommended,220240,15554472,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ADD ME FOR GWENT,"FarCry 3 is a well rounded action-adventure title which provides many approaches as you explore its open world. For example, when you attempt to raid a pirate camp, you could:1) Sneak in and disable the alarm, followed by taking down each enemy with a meelee strike from his blindside(the game kind of promotes this approach with multiple take down bonuses and skills)2) Charge in and kill everyone before the alarm for reinforcements is sounded3) Charge in and kill everyone, and then kill all the reinforcements4) Snipe away (alarm systems, animal cages, pirates) with an upgraded sniper rifle or bowMy favorite is the last option, but most of the time I would screw up and would have to find new hiding spots, or to charge in and finish off the remaining pirates. I got to do pretty much everything and I enjoyed it.While claiming objectives like pirates camps and radio towers are not compulsory, doing so unlocks fast travel locations that can help you get from places to places for the campaign. The story has a nice flow, and you get to know and work with various characters in getting information, sabotaging the pirate network, saving your captured friends etc. Although halfway through you are forced to work for an a$shole and go into tombs in search of an ancient artifact (hello, Tomb Raider rip off?). I really didn't enjoy that portion, and they weren't short quests either.There were some other minor things I didn't like too. For example, what the hell is with the cut scenes of Alice quotes and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I thought they were completely random and unnecessary. Some people might also have issues with Uplay, as you have to create an account to play the game, even though you bought it via Steam. While I didn't have issues with Uplay not running, it wasn't nice having to wait for the program to start up and sync god-knows-what before the game actually runs. Also, note that there are no Steam achievements but Uplay ones instead, so ayy lmao who cARES xDDThere are numerous transport options from rovers and buggies to gliders and parachutes to speedboats. There are also numerous weapons, each with different upgrades and skins. While traveling, you encounter a variety of wildlife and I spent quite some time hunting to upgrade my equipment.I really liked the gameplay Far Cry 3 provides.9.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,13176181,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Trangx,"Massively improves on Far Cry 2's world design and has a much better overall feel, but unnecessarily tosses out plenty of interesting mechanics in favor of something a little more... mainstream.But hey, a lot of people didn't like having to deal with malaria attacks and their guns randomly breaking, so maybe you'll like this better.Either way, still a solid game."
76561198048557750,Recommended,220240,5363471,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Jake The Dog,So so good really should give it a try
,Recommended,220240,12959324,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,oxy-,"This is my favorite game, why?-Because it was my first Xbox 360 game-Because the story is so awesome it's very long! in a good way-Even after finishing the game you will still have fun by hunting animals, doing extreme sports like using your wingsuit, hang gliding, going down mountains with your quadbike and even more!-The graphics are just great and the details are really well done!-I know some people had trouble with the Uplay bisness but I had no problem with it-But the most important is that you don't need to be a huge fan of the franchise or to be the best PC gamer ever to enjoy the game.This game is a very good experience and I think you will like it!"
,Recommended,220240,13790701,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Come on Farrier!,ถ้า Far Cry 3 นั้นเป็นตัวเลือกของการเสพเนื้อเรื่องไหม ผมก็ต้องว่าใช่ แล้วมันเหมาะเป็นเกมสำหรับเกบเวลในโลก Open World ไหม ผมก็บอกว่าใช่อีก แล้วเกมไม่ใช่ธรรมดา มันยากจนบางทีแทบจะทุบโต๊ะเหมือนกันแต่ว่าถ้าเรารู้หลักในการเล่นแค่นี้อำนาจอยู่ในกำมือแล้ว
,Recommended,220240,31067355,Posted: 10 April,all,meiart66,Best game ever 11/10
76561197970974146,Recommended,220240,481690,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Versurer,"One of the best sandbox FPS I've played. This is what FC2 should have been. Well-written story and characters, awesome gameplay, juicy graphics and great soundtrack. What more could you want?"
76561198168977518,Recommended,220240,13628751,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Peter,Amazing graphics. amazing storyline and amazing game.
,Recommended,220240,17341556,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Mr Chiggers,I love the farcry franchise. This one adds to the dynamics of the previous. If you have ever played a farcry then you know what I mean. There are many unique guns and characters in the game. I love the mini movie that goes along with this one which you can find on YouTube. Vass as a villain is just the best. I love the actor that he is modeled after and who voices him. It is a must play in my opinion.
76561198075484797,Recommended,220240,10286588,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Dave Mustard Stain,Lol dwofkiefjrksgjkfdgedgf
76561198039071001,Recommended,220240,30335565,Posted: 5 March,all,blackduck2pac,It's kinda old but still fun to play. Story is very good and interesting.
76561198338632722,Recommended,220240,30346961,Posted: 5 March,all,Skyshocker15,"It was super fun and i was really enjoying it... but something happened and now it wont even open on my pc. :( Super let down, i was really having fun... please help."
76561198077676821,Recommended,220240,31192233,Posted: 16 April,all,ApocalypseThou,"Pretty good gunplay, interesting world with lots to do. Looks pretty nice as well, although the facial expressions can be janky. Like the many ways you can approach taking objectives. Has a poor inventory management system and contrived/tedious crafting system."
76561198062448284,Recommended,220240,28976648,Posted: 3 January,all,Joppe,5/5 but uplay is cancer :))
,Recommended,220240,2852776,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,SlowJabroni,I was walking around and THEN A TIGER KILLED MEWHAT
,Not Recommended,220240,13003558,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,leafghost,"Would be nice if I could at least play the game.Uplay ♥♥♥♥ed this whole thing up i cannot play because ""it'ss already in use"""
76561198050932025,Recommended,220240,11995238,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,BigStupidJerk,"I thought the storyline was a bit cheesey, especially at the end but the gameplay is up there with the best. If you like shooting badguys in the face or sneaking up on them and giving them a stainless steel♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this is a game for you. I've played it through 3 times. and enjoyed it each time."
,Recommended,220240,10836618,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Roodbaard,"Cost me 16 hours this week, good game!"
76561198069526558,Recommended,220240,23564478,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,iamnid,"Got around to playing this AFTER Far Cry 4 and Far Cry Primal.  Having loved both of those, this was NOT a let down.  Easily as good as the more modern Far Cry games.  I played with Xbox One controller which worked seamlessly.  Graphics are quite good and I thoroughly enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,220240,8056636,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Shyamallama,PURCHASE THIS GAME! Get out of your chair walk to wherever your money is and buy this game! It's Just so amazing! MASSIVE open world Excelent enemey A. I. Cool weapons and of course: Running around with a flamethrower torching guys to death while shooting down a helicopter in mid air!
76561198040280302,Recommended,220240,10554249,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Larry The Antelope,"♥♥♥♥ing Incredible, nuff said"
76561198025707479,Recommended,220240,26924996,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ vM.| eMVy ム,Montenegro Vaas!!!
76561198353904748,Not Recommended,220240,30841703,Posted: 30 March,all,Scorpion97952,"Absolutely great game- but it won't run. I played it twice, but after that it wouldnt even run anymore! Ive have done EVERYTHING that has been recommended.I have closed all backround apps, checked for updates on windows AND steam, and validated game file integrity (It says not found, will reaquire... but it hasnt.) I cant even request a refund becuase my hours exceed 2, because i was really into it! I have done everything! Please help me if you have any ideas... I uninstalled it right now and am reinstalling it in the hopes of it working. Very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at steam rihght now! I met all the system requirments, and play other high requirement games with no problem, such as bioshock 2, team fortress 2, no more roomin hell, and  saints row 4."
76561198371037668,Recommended,220240,30722506,Posted: 25 March,all,MD_Arda,"That was a great pleasure to play this game. First of all, you're creating your own timeline in the game. Presantation of the missions are also good. Graphics and the story was better than I thought. If you are bored the games like COD, battlefield this one is what you're looking for. Stealth kills, private missions, deep gun inventory and customization access."
76561198114678270,Recommended,220240,10576007,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Aziroi,"Very good graphic, fluid gaming and lots of KILLS!!!Very kool to playlove it."
,Recommended,220240,13847529,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,~KeNnEtH~,"Do you know the definition of Insanity?If you don't, you must buy this!Amazing story mixed with RPG and first-person shooter elements."
,Recommended,220240,30361335,Posted: 6 March,all,ĐeLgo,"highly recommended for people with a bad computer/internet... exellent story, lots of fun things to do besides following the story... Just a great game"
76561198197643755,Recommended,220240,30714546,Posted: 24 March,all,Coferract,The best Far Cry game right now. It has a greatg story with many things to do in the open world. There is also fun co-op you can play with friends.
76561198085171447,Recommended,220240,23411384,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,dogboat333,"2012 was a good year for gaming in my eyes. Games like Telltale's The Walking Dead, Max Payne 3, and Mass Effect 3 were released, all of them are, in my humble opinion, some of the best games ever made. Sure there were some flops in there, *cough* Steel Batallion *cough**cough*, but for the most part the year was great. There is one game, however, that stands out from the rest in my eyes. That game is Far Cry 3, developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft, this game was the first I playyed out of the whole lot and was the first game that I actually like that I had on my 360. After three years since my last play of the game, I remembered that I had this game on my Steam list and decided to try it again and see if it held up. So did it? Let's take a look.STORY: You're Jason Brody, a California rich boy who goes on an Asian tour with his brothers, his girlfriend, and his friends, culminating to a skydiving trip to the Rook Islands. Unfortunately, the Rook Islands is the base of a slavery ring, and you and your friends are kidnapped by pirates. You and your brother Grant escape where you're held, however he is killed by the leader, Vaas, and you barely escape, waking up to see one of the residents of the island giving you a tatau, a tribal tatoo that signals a great warrior, and they tell you that since you managed to escape, this signals the beginning of a change of the war. You have never killed a single person in your life, but you are the only person who is able to save your friends, so you have to go out and save them. The story is pretty good, it sounds like a silly action movie plot, but it goes a lot deeper than at times than some people might realize, as you see Jason turn from a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ frat boy to a depraved warrior who might not be killing just to save his friends anymore. The story kind of loses steam in the second half when you run into a new villain, but for the most part its momentum keeps up. It has one of the best FPS stories out there.GAMEPLAY: First person shooter. You got a variety of weapons to go with and, as a result, a lot of ways to go at the game. Shotguns, LMG's, sniper rifles, if you want to go loud and proud or quiet or some mix of the way, you can do that, and with upgrades, you can carry up to four guns. There are two ways to upgrade yourself, one way is crafting, where you kill varying animals around the island to craft their skins into upgrades like weapons holsters and ammo pouches. This is fine, it's a bit annoying that you can't use any animal skins for them, but from a mechanical standpoint I do understand why they did that. The second way to upgrade yourself is a skill path that you get points for when you level up. You have three paths you can gain skills in, and you can go down any of these paths and get the bonuses in anyway you want, with a few restrictions so you don't get OP skills too early on in the game. This is also fine enough, there are some useless abilities in there, but that will always be the case with stuff like this. Overall, the gameplay is great. The gunplay is good and movement works fine.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE: Ran at mostly Ultra settings, 1440p, above 60FPS constantly. Get a more recent graphics card like a GTX 900 or 1000 series and you'll be good pretty much. The game looks pretty good, and while it does show its age a bit in some regards, it looks really good overall.CHARACTERS, VOICE ACTING, AND DESIGN: Jason is not your usual silent protagonist, he actually speaks a bit, which is nice. His friends are finely voice acted and look unique enough. The villain for the first half of the game, Vaas, is honest to got one of the best video game characters ever. Later on the island you run into more colorful figures, from a CIA agent to a German privateer, you'll run into at least one character you like.SIDE ACTIVITIES: Outside of the story mission, there is a decent variety of things to do. The aformentioned hunting is fun, there's a lot of different animals to look for, from sharks to goats to bears. Across the island there are radio towers, which are platforming puzzles that, once you reach the top, you get a piece of the map revealed as well as some free weapons, which are nice to do. There are outposts across the islands on the island run by the pirates that, once you take over them, removes nearby pirates from the area and also gives you hunting missions and killing missions, all of which are fine. There are also little collectibles across the map; ancient relics, drug cards, and World War 2 soldier letters, which honestly feel kind of grindy to go after and collect. For the most part, though, the side activities are decent and don't get in the way of things.MULTIPLAYER: Oh yeah, multiplayer... didn't really play it, even on Xbox. I did play a bit of the co-op mode, which was alright I guess, but not really something to write home about. Ah well, though.FINAL THOUGHTS: One of my favorite games of all time, really. 10/10, there are some problems surely, but every game has them, and the game completely shadows them.. If the game interests you, pick it up when it goes on sale for sure.Have I ever told you the definition of insanity?"
,Recommended,220240,8168981,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,BigMan,Amazing game
,Recommended,220240,8587948,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[AnL] BaldSexy,This gave me a rather large boner as well......
76561197966555858,Recommended,220240,248757,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Kriegen,"Fixes all of the big problems with Far Cry 2 but loses some of the immersion due to an overbearing hud/minimap.Still, this is one of my favorite games, definitely worth playing."
76561198357209531,Recommended,220240,30686612,Posted: 23 March,all,Atcho,"how to unlock expedition lost, testing unit and hurk mission"
,Recommended,220240,13025902,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Spicy Salami,"Good things about this game:Random moments (I.E. Funny glitches). I once saw a guard walking in a tiny circle with a hostage whilst I was hang gliding.The enemies. They're so fun to mess with.Takedowns. (Mainly grenade takedown).The weapons.Bad Things:Uplay.Enemies see one rebel and sound the alarm.Jason has twigs for kneecaps, but in cutscenes, he's invincible.Good game, overall."
,Recommended,220240,20862542,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,ron weasley..its leviosaah,AMAZING- everything about this game in one word. the 2nd ending was kinda messed up and unnecessary though
,Recommended,220240,13751957,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Darkistic,exploding bears. 10/10
76561198130526932,Recommended,220240,28323042,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Sygg,"A truly excellent game that I recommend! The only flaws are the severe 'collect all this crap' moments in the game, with items scattered literally everywhere. Collecting them all does little but net you achievements once you've unlocked the signature weapons, so unless you're a perfectionist or an achievement collecter, don't bother collecting them all. The story is excellent but suffers from forced morals that can be jarringly disconnecting when you've just had a great time murdering a bunch of bad guys and then your character turns around and laments it. The graphics and gunplay are both absolutely top notch, and the driving is good as well. Overall this is an excellent game!"
76561198055140506,Recommended,220240,5790560,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,shooter15,景色がきれい。歩いてると、日本軍の残骸が見つかったりといろいろな工夫がされている。ステルスキルの仕方も沢山あってかっこいい！！
76561198234633840,Not Recommended,220240,18602667,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,"☭ OnYx™ ☭ ""Horse""",you need uplay to make this worki love story mode but i cant play it
76561198199902951,Recommended,220240,28149302,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Niger,I finished this game and i think is the best sandbox in world. Campain is asome. Hunting is asome every thing is asome i really like it and i feel like Jason when i playing this :D
,Recommended,220240,9555439,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,DaaBears,I recommend this game to anyone who likes a badass skyrim like shooter that is fun as hell!
76561198028170373,Recommended,220240,15330782,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Benzin,"Simply put, this is one of the very BEST games i have ever played, and i have been playing video games for over 30 years.You MUST have this game!"
,Recommended,220240,16938127,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,CIA,"This game is easily one of the (if not THE) greatest single-player FPSes I've ever played. (There is multiplayer, but you don't need to know that. Seriously, don't bother.)Everything falls just right in this game; hunting animals to craft larger rucksacks, wallets and ammo pouches is fun (complete with certain equipment that can't be crafted without sidequest-specific animal hides), shooting feels just inaccurate enough with assault rifles, explosions feel explosiony, fire is gorgeous, water is gorgeous, and there are SO MANY WAYS to take on enemy outposts (from brute force, to range, to stealth, and even sneaky trap-setting).However, one detail sets this game apart for me:The sound.I don't mean the music, or the way footsteps fall, or any bitrate magic; I mean a very specific thing:Echoes.You see, when a gun fires, someone shouts, a car accelerates, or an animal roars and you are at a distance, a magical echoing effect is applied to the sounds, and there's something whimsical to hearing it. Allow an example:You're bearing down on your targets, safe in a cliffside. They have no clue a sniper is looking down on them. You shoot, and one falls without notice. Another. Another. But maybe you miss, or shoot the fourth guy in the leg, or someone turns around and sees his body fall down. Suddenly the outpost is in panic, men scream and shout, firing their guns at things that aren't there. Then one spots you, and you hear his call of ""I SEE ONE!"" ring out across the air. All this sounds cool, but as I said before, hearing it with echoes is truly somethingelse.Oh but Uplay is taped on to the game.9.99/10 - The rating level I reserve for Far Cry 3 because it is a perfect game that is hindered slightly by Uplay."
76561198077651994,Recommended,220240,15342087,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,BlueCyanide,Best Far Cry in the Far Cry series. I think it is personally better that Far Cry 4. Very easy to get immersed in the game world.
76561198098814060,Recommended,220240,13022015,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DaFraZzle,I don't really like fps (except fallout) but this game showed me how wrong I was. It gave me the good old fallout vibe
76561197970864669,Recommended,220240,11913603,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,MikeKay,"I've played through this game 3 time already and still enjoying it. The story is good the side missions are good the open world is excellent, everyting! it has a nice look and feel. So 3 times it says itself."
76561197993364918,Recommended,220240,11942863,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Numb,This was the most fun I have had playing a first person shooter in a very long time. The main story was engaging throughout the entire game. Plus probably at least 50+ hours of extra content aside from the main game. Defiantly worth buying.
,Recommended,220240,11955118,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,m1,good
,Recommended,220240,11955754,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ESKETIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Well crafted game. The open world environment is actually believable and behaves in a way you would expect it to in real life. Graphics are decent, story is great, voice acting is kick♥♥♥♥♥ It does have some negatives: terrible co-op, uPlay, badly optimized. I would recommend only to buy if it's on sale."
,Recommended,220240,11952609,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Robolor,"Would recommend, very fun"
,Recommended,220240,8209337,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Velo_citY | Brian,Best campaign of all time
,Recommended,220240,28848821,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,...,5/5 game !!!
,Recommended,220240,19249444,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,BLIИK,one of the most epic games that i've ever played...
,Recommended,220240,28848504,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tr3W csgoroll.com,"Love this game. Beautiful graphics and awesome story. The urge to do the next mission is overwhelming. It is never a calm minuite.I finished the entire story in 24 hours. If it were a little longer it would be the #1 game.There is nothing to really complain on but that its connected with uplay and that my game crashed after 5 min if i didn't stop ""TableInputService"".Overall 9.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,10824430,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,IT G MA!,"killed pirates, skinned exotic animals, and ate♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of drugs10/10"
76561198043651431,Recommended,220240,4948414,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,Noodles,"Dis gayme poots me on island lyke in da show geeleegan where geelegan is lyke ""oh no we gon die"" lol giligna u so funnee 7/7 odd numbahs r da best"
76561198026342016,Recommended,220240,7969633,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,x-BallisticFUSION-x,"Absolutely brilliant game, lots to do, amazing graphics, upgrade your weapons anyway you like, there is a limit to modding your weapons but change your colours and attatchments anyway you want!. Hunt animals and create special medicine by collecting flowers to make different recipes, Health and Hunting upgrades are available, overall great game and release your inner demon!."
76561197991173150,Recommended,220240,7914910,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Etch,"Singleplayer is brilliant, the storyline is full of suspense and great acting, along with brilliant cutscenes and characters.The graphics are literally 2nd to none, whilst the gameplay itself is engaging and satisfying; pummelling baddies with a machete, or laying down a fusilade with a PKM only to watch a Tiger burst out and maul your opponents is simply brilliant, it's random events like this that makes Far Cry 3 unique to other sandbox games.The multiplayer is decent, but other than the victorious team's MVP using a finishing move after they win a round; it doesn't really bring anything new to the FPS multiplayer table.Saying that it isn't bad either! Just don't go expecting a level of depth that equals Battlefield.Overall, I'd say, if you're bored of your collection of games and have a few coins jingling about in your virtual wallet. Go get. You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,220240,7917323,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,BigAssWalrus,Awesome Story so far. Didn't realize the game was this good! Can't stop playing.
76561198081093635,Recommended,220240,7922035,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,BSB | Soseso,Its quite a fun game 9/10 i do reccomend for people who like fps
,Recommended,220240,13044862,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Spoop Dogg,This is one of my favorite games in a 140 + games inventory. 8.5 out of 10.
76561198070256605,Recommended,220240,6604917,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,SOPA UMA DELICIA,this is a pice of art. the paticular kind of art where you get to set pirates on fire
76561198014352879,Recommended,220240,7947529,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,jurassickid529,its a great game people say its skyrim with guns . Also the diolog is grate you shoud  play it.
76561198110622048,Recommended,220240,7927690,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Lax-the-man,"Pretty much on eof the best games that Ubisoft have made so far. I had this game on my ps3 and wanted to get it for my pc as well because it was that good(and it was on sale). The solo missions a brilliant and the story is fantastic, i would defenatly recomend to play this on its hardest difficulty to get the best realism/ experience from it. Also before you start any of the main missions explore the island and unlock the specialist weapons(look at handbook in menu on what side missions you need to do) The only thing that i would say is a problem is some of the control setup for keyboard + mouse but you can change that manually. 5/5"
,Recommended,220240,7917206,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Hamfast Gamwich,I only picked this game up because it was on sale. I then played it for 5 hours straight... This game is absolutely fantastic. Easily 10/10.
,Recommended,220240,7929364,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Golf Egg,"Like a really good cake filled with chocolate, then right at the end it's just poo."
76561198011483539,Recommended,220240,7963217,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Pandito,"An enjoyable experiance but, lacks a story and direction near the end."
,Recommended,220240,7920786,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Banjo Kaboom,"Easily one of the best FPSes I've played, and definitely made it into my top 5 all time favorite games. Tons of good memories from this game. Amazingly fun, very open to how you handle situations."
,Recommended,220240,23508090,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Large Dan,"I love this game, In terms of gameplay and overall experience, far cry 4 is the way to go, but far cry 3 is way more story driven, if thats what you are into, highly recommend."
,Recommended,220240,11941379,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Red Hand,"A well-written game with tight mechanics, Far Cry 3 is one of the pinnacles of the shooter genre. Featuring a select cast of truly abhorrent people, it drives home its message at the very end in stating that, in fighting these awful people, you became one yourself."
76561198108894050,Recommended,220240,11981027,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,LootenentDan,I hunt animals....... enough said.
76561198125544972,Recommended,220240,11971446,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,MegaT3D,"I have only played the xbox 360 version, and that was great. If you have a PC that runs this on full tilt? Its great AND looks brilliant. 10/10"
,Recommended,220240,29517493,Posted: 27 January,all,Black Dog,""" Did I ever tell you the definiton of insanity? "" - Vaas Montenegro."
,Recommended,220240,11967548,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Germanoid_3.4,Incredible!! Gaming on a new level folks!!! :)
,Recommended,220240,11916762,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Milas60,Open World to the max. Great digital capture acting. Hunting jaguars and sharks is always fun to do when you are tired of taking over bases.
,Recommended,220240,11929462,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,NEILthenBOB,Amazing game of the series and is a must play
,Recommended,220240,12513819,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Nomad,"This is for sure one of the most enthralling game I've ever played.It can't be said that it's 100% original hence it merges aspects from various FPS, actions and RPGs, but the quality with it's done is beautiful.I really have nothing to complain about, maybe it's too cocky and for fully enjoy the ambientation you need an high-end computer and the menus give you this porting-feeling.The storyline is well studied and the characters are created in a way that makes you love them while at the same time you will hate them. Except Vas. As it seems, everyone loves him.The ambientation is beautiful, maybe too green and ""flat"", but every single corner of the island is different from the other with it's personal flora and fauna.And even if i hate RPGs when you have to spend hours to gather resources, I LOVED, seriously, I LOVED roaming the island to kill animals for their leather to make holsters, wallets or quivers. Except Cassowaries. I can't even think of a reason why they are so annoying and OverPowered.THEY ONE-SHOT YOU WITH A KICK! AND RUN FASTER THAN USAIN BOLT ON SPEED!Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ Cassowaries.9/10"
,Recommended,220240,12798986,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Jumbun,Far Cry 3 is outstandingUplay is trash
,Recommended,220240,9263754,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Jj. Moonchild,"A truly interesting look into what killing can do to a person, Far cry 3 combines jaw dropping graphics and well executed first person shooter game play into an amazing experience that any first person shooter fan would be disservincing themselves to skip. Not only that, but it has one of the most convincing and insane villians in video game history, The multiplayer is kind of stale but the co-op offers and enjoyable prospect when playing with friends.9/10. A true acheivment in first person shooters."
,Recommended,220240,18878713,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,King Bookah,Atmosphere of this game is unreal. Gameplay is also leaps and bounds above any other story fps I have ever played (except Bioshock: Infinate). The story really sucks you in and gets you hooked quick. My advice is to try and complete the sidequests and finish it slowly and savour it. 9/10
,Recommended,220240,18726183,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,KISSABLE,"this game ,awwww so amazing :3 ,nice game for adventuters"
,Recommended,220240,13696509,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Arnold,love you
,Recommended,220240,27005291,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[OWC] incvIZ,"Клевая игра.. Не, реально клевая"
,Recommended,220240,13959773,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,ExEye,Boobs.
,Recommended,220240,10954695,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Jimbo,"+1 You should try It out!1: Open world.2: You can customise your weapons In different ways.3: Amazing story and characters.4: You can choose to be the stealth type of player.5: After you're done with the story, you can still roam around and find new side missions etc."
,Recommended,220240,10631923,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Monty B.,"Let's get this over and done with: It has uPlay. So what? Its not entirely intrusive. It worksThe game itself? Buggy. Annoying. A main character that whines and don't shut up. It looks alright. Gunplay is alright. Story is awful. Youy only need one weapon. Cover system is bad. Stealth does not work.Why do I reccomend it? God mode, infinite ammo and Rambo. This is how it was meant to be played and oh god, it's so much fun. But only with this."
76561198377511958,Recommended,220240,32846198,Posted: 27 June,all,Impulse | Ru,"Wow! Just started this game and loving every bit of it! Its one of those games where you can feel the exitement, the rush inside of you!"
,Recommended,220240,16539188,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Kenz,"Amazing Game I ever play ~TT..TT~Pros:+Graphic: Beautiful Scene, Good Character Appearance, and you can Snip from far far away with the final Snip-gun.+Sound: You can hear footstep or the sound around you as dog-barking, or tiger-roaring, then realize how to make next step. Music is great, kind of tribal bass or somehow just a beautiful natural sound.+Environment: Dangerous Jungle, the Pirates, tribal soldiers, and Military is messing around all the time make the game surely in war - There is no resting-time.+Interaction: Almost interact with all the things. There is various ways to travel but fastest is fast-travel ;"">+Gameplay: Main quest is really cool, side quest is helpful, skill system can be full, FPS taste is perfect, chance of luck is required or you really need to be patient, Good jungle habitat with weak animals and beasts, Vast Stuff Collection- which gains exp and golds, weapon buying and upgrading system is good enough for every guns lovers, and AI is really good as much as I die countlessly :""<+Story: somehow this game provides a good ending for a tragetic story!+Other: Funny taste always appears in game such as: I saw a tiger chasing 2 piggies or Buffalo fights against Komodo Dragon, Moreover fooling around is cool anyway :""3Cons:+ Show meh more Adult element ;_;+ 2 Ending confuse me anyway!9/0"
,Recommended,220240,32907821,Posted: 27 June,all,✪Kaga,Game control and graphics are so amazing.BTW thsi game is given me so much expierence
,Recommended,220240,15428705,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,VeMasi,"Third time is the charm .  I won't  bring up  the 2nd half of Far Cry (2004) , technical issues of Far Cry 2 (2008),  ......and the entire year of 2014 for Ubisoft,   except i just did ...   And What does all that have to do with Far Cry 3?  Absolutely nothing.FC3 is a Fantastic FPS that gives you really cool open world/ junlge map to explore and also shoot various guns at it and or what populates it. Also the story is not bad and the antagonist is awesome and you should buy this game.EDIT notes: edited some spelling mistakes 25/4/15"
,Recommended,220240,32867207,Posted: 27 June,all,WarHead-D1187,Its one of the best open world game.
76561198124908090,Recommended,220240,16126517,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,xUbe,SPOILER ALERT : YOU DONT CRY THAT FAR
76561198285924232,Recommended,220240,32775266,Posted: 25 June,all,LethalHavoc,"Bought it on sale for €4.99, It's worth the full price though.The graphics are great and the story is great.Lots of things to do even when you've beaten the game.One of the best singleplayer games I've ever played.I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a great singleplayer experience."
,Recommended,220240,32722547,Posted: 24 June,all,Baruch,"*i run on some beaches**see 2 pirates incoming on jeep* (o♥♥♥♥♥♥)*i hide in bushes...with a revolver**they drive near me**i headshot the driver!* (luck!)*their car shuffled into the sea*pirates B: ""♥♥♥♥ ME!"" (stuck in the jeep)*i LOLed*"
76561198260995640,Recommended,220240,31763464,Posted: 14 May,all,AliSweedan,the best far cry game and it's the best open world game
,Recommended,220240,32857680,Posted: 27 June,all,Issei Hyoudou,"i honestly love this game and really love the aspect of taking over enemy baces, i just love how the game works and the story is just amazing 10/10 for me. i strongly recommend this game if your in to taking over factions and hunting as well as just enjoying a great story. however there is only one problem i have encounted and that is the Uplay servers don't work on other pcs now i have wanted to play far cry 3 on my 2nd pc but every time i try to start the game i am stopped by the Uplay servers saying there not available and i have tried numrous times but still nothing please fix this."
76561198046111496,Recommended,220240,8651257,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ajkalternate,"Fast paced, adrenaline filled action.  This game provides a world filled with organic and enjoyable content."
76561198057905922,Not Recommended,220240,16142651,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Yellow,"I have an asus gaming computer the GJ75 something and after playing 8 hours on this game it began to crash on start up, i have tried everything and now i cant even ♥♥♥♥ing play the game anymore because it crashes on start up, very displeased with the game, becareful guys you might be one of the few who get this crash forever"
76561198178796377,Recommended,220240,20730311,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TERMINATOR|kickback.com,Actually an insane game that story is interesting and intense action.
,Recommended,220240,32918548,Posted: 28 June,all,☭Jimmy☭,Very good gamevery recommended
,Recommended,220240,32952198,Posted: 28 June,all,mayfux,it's fun
76561198023349465,Not Recommended,220240,13147380,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Pink Guy,Looks good but it's boring and repetitive as♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,11837381,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,E-Block,"Nice graphics, well optimized, and most importantly, fun. I got it for 15 dollars on the summer sale, which was a great deal. I would definitley recommend this to anyone who hasn't played it yet."
,Recommended,220240,20308404,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,n4bb12,"I only played the coop mode of this game.Some personal likes and dislikes:+ shouts and siringes to buff each other+ a good amount of weapons and weapon mods+ weapons behave quite differently+ 4 players is a good amount, scales flexibly with 2++ interesting and different maps+ challenge vs your team mates on each map+ remains challenging and sometimes requires strategy on insane mode+ coop is still active+ player automatically shouts out useful information like ""reloading""- cannot cancel some cut scenes- bomb-laying coop challenge on 2 maps is really boring- poor coop story told in poor dialogues"
76561198042765111,Recommended,220240,9462254,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,mikethehunter,really good game
69691337420216969,Recommended,220240,21894927,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Vickaaan,"The best Farcry out there, ♥♥♥♥ing love it! <3"
,Recommended,220240,6367199,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Teckademics,"The best there is, then it got better."
76561198326023938,Recommended,220240,30302056,Posted: 3 March,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),"This is an EPIC game - especially for £5 - i did play far-cry 4 first so was not sure if going backwards wasa good idea however i am totally loving it and is actually the first game that I started on Hard mode from the start - simply because it plays so much like FC4 - graphically nice game - some of the creature animations are sub-par especially when they are melee attacking but other than that havent really found anything to moan about really - If you played primal or FC4 first you CAN still play 3 and totallyt enjoy it as I am doing - in fact I am playing 3 and primal side by side and they play very differently in terms of tactics etc - well maybe thats the way I play - but FC3 is an awesome game, a must have game in your library if you enjoy open world FPV games - with the variety of weapons a huge number of play styles can be easily as effective at getting the job done - Although there are actually less features in this than in FC4 and primal it doesnt feel like stepping backwards at all. WTF you are still reading - just go buy the game - especially if it is on sale"
,Recommended,220240,7872262,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Я| invertMASA,Was a very fun game! A huge step up from farcry 2!
76561198044386784,Recommended,220240,7866148,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ronnie,One of the best action games ive ever played not for one's who are afraid of sharks thats all i can say.
,Recommended,220240,7873966,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Rolo,Far cry 3.  Enough said.  If you can run this maxed out it looks the dogs dangly bits.
76561198028352716,Recommended,220240,7875962,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ashley Schaeffer,"This is the single player FPS FarCry experience I was waiting for and UbiSoft finally delivered!THE STORY:I’ll be honest, the story is extremely forgettable… but the overall freedom to explore the island FPS style totally makes up for it.OPEN WORLD/DANGER:I loved the open world (island) and how much freedom you had to go explore it on a whim with all its thrills and danger. Take to the land with ATV’s, Dune Buggy’s, Cars or to the sea in Boats and Jet Ski’s or to the sky with Hang Glider's or a Wing Suit!I spent more time exploring the island, hunting animals/collectables and playing poker and the knife throwing game with the local NPC’s than I probably did with the main part of the game.The addition of wild animals really added to the life of the island and something that FarCry2 was severely lacking. There is finally a sense of danger in FarCry3 from the environment and what lurks within it. Panthers, Tigers, Bears, Hounds, Komodo Dragons, Snakes, Crocodiles, Sharks… and that’s not even including the varied human enemies.COMBAT:Oh baby this was fun and probably one of the best FPS single player combat systems I have ever played, so many memorable moments.Nothing like strapping C4 to a hang glider, using said glider to fly into an enemy base, bail from the hang glider near ground level, watch the hang glider finish swooping into the base and then me hitting the detonate button as I began my all-out attack as the flames from the crash began to spread all over the base.OrSneaking into an enemy base with only a bow and arrow and strategically picking off enemies one by one on the perimeter before making my way inside and doing some stealthily CQC kills with the combat knife.OrThe time I was able to shoot the bamboo cage where a Tiger was being held captive only to free it and watch it go on a ravenous rampage of revenge, providing me with the perfect distraction to let it rip with my machine gun.The weapons felt true to their real world counterparts and all the options you had to play the game your way how you wanted was at times blissfully excessive. I loved it.MY VERDICT:Based purely on the single player aspect of the game and it's complete freedom to explore, craft, hunt, play mini-games, etc. as far as FPS go I would give it a solid 4.5 out of 5."
,Recommended,220240,8536752,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Salty Flibba Nibba,Citra's ♥♥♥♥♥♥S!!!
,Recommended,220240,10208468,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Professor Dog,"See, they're called the Far Cry games because when you start the game, you have a preconceived notion of the situation. By the end, your view has completely changed, and the actual situation is a FAR CRY from what you originally thought.get it?"
76561198042928730,Recommended,220240,15692789,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Mr. Volfenstein,"This game is absolutely fantastic! An immense open world to play in, a well integrated leveling system and a pretty amazing villain, Vaas.There are a few minor glitches and hiccups, like birds getting stuck indoors, characters appearing to jitter on screen and some of the textures in places can look a bit off. But you have to expect these things in such a massive game like this. And they never really detract from the experience.The game is filled with so much to do that even after the campaign is done and dusted, there's still so much more to explore and play around with and enjoy. Definitely one of those games that is a must-buy."
,Recommended,220240,13738477,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Fidller,Even after playing a bit its a great game with lots to do and lots to kill! You can even reset all the camps so you can shoot them again :D
,Recommended,220240,2174865,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Carbonrod,"You play a dumb♥♥♥♥♥that thinks that you can just go parachuting any old place. No you can't do that, your name is not Rico Rodriguez it's Jason Bro. As a result of haveing a terible name and not being spanish you bacome a mauri and get a magical tattoo. Overall this is a good hunting simulator."
76561198039243024,Recommended,220240,7867153,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Rollerz187,"Very fun game, alot better than Far Cry 2. Lots to do and lots of fun. Emersive open world. Very funky story i must say. Doesn't seem to run to well on my GTX 780 for some reason. But all around good fun game."
,Recommended,220240,7892952,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Igor,AMAZINGGGGG
76561198037893568,Recommended,220240,7899947,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Sotilas,"How only now have I just discovered Farcry 3.........quite simply one of the best games I have ever played!It has everything, stunning visuals, exciting gameplay, excellent story......just buy it now & you'll see what i meanF*kin brilliant game."
,Recommended,220240,7874053,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,That Guy,WOW! get it!
,Recommended,220240,7923573,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,s1Ck,Amazing Game.
76561198056578893,Recommended,220240,16262139,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,winstow,"Nomatter you:- Fight against whole armies- Fight against hungry sharks- Run and swim for whole days without taking a breath- You never eat or drink- Fight against leopards with bare hands- Have to do with the worst criminals on the island- Getting a series of misfortunes like kidnapping and fires- You break your thumbs in sudden ways- Your arms are full of scabs and deep cuts- You jump off cars, planes and any other moving vehicleYour worst enemy will always be the ravines that appear out of nowhere to kill you10/10"
,Recommended,220240,16507640,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Sio,"Shooty, run-y, funny... wait no, not hilarious often.  ♥♥♥♥in' awesome though. Pew pew and such, buy it!!"
,Recommended,220240,16509129,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,tehcrispyduck,"What can I say, gorgeous views and awesome action"
76561198202478020,Recommended,220240,16410293,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kalique,Farted around on the island and blew some ♥♥♥♥ upIt was glorious
76561197995046314,Recommended,220240,13144833,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,あなたの人生はめちゃ,Story is good and totally worth to be played. Graphics are ok. Crysis 2 looked better ;-)But what I really didn't like was crafting. I don't want to need to hunt animals in a shooter to be able to carry more weapons. I don't want to search the whole map for one stupid animal....All in all I can recommend the game for less than 10 bucks. The story saves the game from a disaster.
76561198028382581,Recommended,220240,13071487,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Shrek,kewl gajm sjoed plej
76561198050486333,Recommended,220240,13246350,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Roto,"First off- Yes, it does come with the annoyance that is U-Play.  With that and all the flame it implies out of the way, I think that completes the ""CONS"" section.The game is just fun.  The engine runs well on my old toaster of a laptop, and I am glad that it does.  It is not very often that I find myself in a game with a protagonist that is actually a dynamic chracter, much less a dynamic character paced along with the absurd situation in which he finds himself.  The absurdities of playing any scenario that can pass as an open world FPS seem to make sense as your character vocalizes just how messed up it is to be gutting that deer carcass- the one with cinged hair (from an errant molitov cocktail) and far too many (SMG caliber) holes in it.If you don't think too hard about why the spanglish-speaking Vass is running a slave ring in the south pacific, you may be able to take in the simple joys that FC3 has to offer.  <insert hunting ""x"" with ""y"" joke here...  but I think the accidental or just incidental kills are just as entertaining... I seem to have accidentally killed a mouse or two with stray MP5 rounds>"
,Recommended,220240,10804046,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,adgrig,"You get to hunt. Pirates. With a bow. And a knife.If that doesn't spark your interest, the stunning graphics and delightful story are lost on you. Delete your Steam account and go play outside. You've no right to call yourself a gamer anymore."
,Recommended,220240,30615358,Posted: 19 March,all,daNte,did i tell you the definition of insanity
76561198071417085,Recommended,220240,14914401,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Attention Slut Tranny,platinum sellerit is goodbut uPlay.EWWWWWWW
,Recommended,220240,15239946,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Cross,10/10 Killed cleared a camp with a jeep.
76561198001452366,Recommended,220240,15168468,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,ShtFkSrry,"Excellent FPS with an engaging story and interesting/fun to explore enviroment. My interest did start to fade towards the end of the story, but that doesn't change the fact that I had a huge amount of fun with this game"
76561198134317579,Recommended,220240,12889530,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Toshin Raizen,From what i've played so far I got to say that I am really enjoying this game and believe that if you like shooters and huge worlds you will love this game. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone that loves shooters.
,Recommended,220240,12966727,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mantis skinjar.com,you will hear jason sound even you played as pirated10/10 would be heard again
,Recommended,220240,14341453,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hal 9000,You play as a white guy killing native islanders and endangered animals.
76561198036015810,Recommended,220240,15065809,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,eviljoseph101,"This game is amazing, i die more from teh animals than i do the actual men. sorta like fallout but way better in the sense of sneaking around and killing things. crafting and hunting is awesome. overall just a good experiance, totally reccomemnd this game."
76561198080213242,Recommended,220240,13379420,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DoctorWaffle,It has a lot of action and adventure. There is so many side quests to do after the main missions. Also the main missions are very fun and interesting
,Recommended,220240,10833424,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Touseefdesigner,I LOVE IT
,Recommended,220240,20169205,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,JaySee,Good game with great graphics. Not much to do after the main story line and the radio towers become quite of a hassel after you get through decent chunk of the game. I would highly recommened the game if you can pick it up cheaply.
,Recommended,220240,20508276,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Exiled†Sickness,good 4/5
76561198077347889,Recommended,220240,20341085,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Monty P. Moneybags,Have I ever told you my review of Far Cry 3? it pretty neat
,Recommended,220240,20601974,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Tui Mater,"Except for the 1 mandatory innapropriate cut scene, FC3 has a fantastic storyline compared to both previous games"
,Recommended,220240,20299805,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,A$AP Newell,"Very fun open world experience. The story tries too hard to be serious and gritty and experimental, but it is easy to overlook this and focus on the fun gameplay."
76561198068625335,Recommended,220240,20509297,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,GeneralDugong,Have I ever tell you the definition of insanity? huh?
,Recommended,220240,20254025,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,IM_SILENCED,"I like this game because its an open world games.far cry 3 is better than the 4, but after I buy this games the launcher is error. And I see the community and then they told, we have to install a new uplay version because the steam is older than the uplay on this time. I install it and play it its success. I lik e fc 3 for ever"
76561198078623582,Recommended,220240,20255363,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,LandmineFrisbee,"You get a mission to go use a flamethrower to destroy a marijuana plantation along with the pirates guarding it with skrillex ""Make it bun dem"" playing in the background throughout the whole thing."
,Recommended,220240,20238107,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Jarod Menace,"I have beaten Far Cry 3 on XBox 360, PS3 and now PC.Pros:Beautiful graphics,Loads of guns,Loads of animals,Different enemy types,Lots of side quest,Well done story,Clean UI,and huge open world.Cons:UPlay,Multiplayer,Lack of Vehicles,Lack of Ecosystems,and not so smart AI.8/10"
,Recommended,220240,21938087,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,TrawpDawp,"Once you spend about 35-36 hours in this game, you have discovered all there is to discover. You have done all the main quests, side quests, and all of the path of the hunter and assassination missions. It's a beautiful game, with a nice story, and voice acting.Heres to sum up Far Cry 3:Pros-*Great Gameplay*Amazing Graphics*Very large World*Cool Weapons*Incredible Story*Nice Voice Acting*Shrooms*Dank animalsCons-*Awful Ending*Far too easy (Played on the second hardest difficulty)*Jason is a bit dumb at times, he will say stupid stuff like ""I sunk your battleship!"" or ""Ewww"" when he skins an animal, right after he commited mass genocide.Overall Score: 9.00"
,Recommended,220240,22038611,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ozzma,games is the best
,Recommended,220240,24897820,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,hallucinogenic_monk,"From being a prisoner to getting brainwashed by a tribe , did hella lot of drugs and pretty sure i got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but brilliant story line 10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,220240,21907221,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Psychopath,"I've completed ""Far Cry 3"" three times (two of them on non-Steam version), watched one playthrough and here's what I have to say.This game is pretty close to my heart. It's not just a great shooter with good stealth and nice skill-system.It's a game about love, friendship, humaneness. It's about what makes us humans. It's about feelings.Pain, anger, shame, fear, sorrow, despair. I felt it, I sympathized the main character. That's what brought me back 3 times.Not much else to tell, cause it's difficult to describe the impression with words.Great gameplay, fantastic music, catchy voice-acting and the story which makes ""Far Cry 3"" a masterpiece.Definitely a must-have."
,Recommended,220240,21485230,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ThreeDots,"Great game with beautiful graphics, original story, awesome/crazy characters, definitely worth buying and playing...The amount of possibilities in this game is incredible, you can play with variety of playstyles, craft, hunt, use dozens of vehicles/weapons and so on...Of course it's not perfect, I personally dislike the fall damage mechanics, use of syringes and some other details, but nothing huge...And please... choose the good ending, it's like wasting your time if you choose the bad one."
76561198144447022,Recommended,220240,22196704,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,queue for the boys,"its so good, the story, gameplay. all of them its so enjoyable"
,Recommended,220240,20069204,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,SnazzDaddy,Kickass game. Had a lot of fun playing co-op :)
76561198131801737,Recommended,220240,19484778,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Almighty,great gamei want farcry 4!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220240,19354053,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,🌈長濱☆ぐいで🌈,Like to burn a weed farm so fun it's the best part of this game try it wwwww.
,Recommended,220240,20936730,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,KingSin,FC3 is THE BEST game in Far Cry series. the story and graphics are amazing...worth money and timehighly recommend this game !
76561198080107988,Recommended,220240,7869752,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Sasha Shulgin,there are no words in this world that describe how amazing this game is. other than a few peformance problems on crappy pc's this game is absolutlely perfect
76561198068394951,Recommended,220240,8103800,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,shootermcgee24,"This is a very fun game theres so much u can do in it im on my 2nd play through trying to 100% it, only 2 flaws ive seen is jason brodys voice acting seems forced sometimes and a little meh and the ending sucked but the story throught the game was amazing deffently recommend this game to anyone"
,Recommended,220240,7988573,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,cegal111,This game...
,Recommended,220240,7243574,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Venom (◣_◢),Awesome fun!
76561198102942202,Recommended,220240,8319719,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,moonshadowdog,"One of the best games I´ve ever played: Great Graphics, Replay Value, Cool story"
,Recommended,220240,8321860,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Big Whoopa,Good game Story seems short tho.
76561198075110603,Recommended,220240,8253921,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SmokeyMirrors,awesome game with a great story
,Recommended,220240,8264352,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ingroh,"Amazing endings , they worth for the whole story, Its an incredible open world game, and should be played by any FPS fan."
,Recommended,220240,8232924,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MetalTorsion,"One of those must have games. The story and ""acting"" are great. I wish they'd made it a little more dangerous to be out and about as well as making pirate bases sometimes be re-contended by the enemy, but really these are minor concerns. There's a LOT of side stuff but the main storyline is the meat of this."
,Recommended,220240,8239484,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Nick Halden,"Awesome as hell! Very addictive, worth every penny"
,Recommended,220240,8361318,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Keroberos,"Really enjoyed FC3. A lot of fun to play through, loved it much better than FC2."
76561198031079985,Recommended,220240,8736435,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Spawnie Daebak!,"The gameplay is interesting as you have a variety of options to kill the enemies. That being said, the killing will come to a point where it gets repetative. Nothing beats blowing them up in a classic C4 detonation.The story is interesting as it really tries to throw you into a state of confusion like how the character would be feeling. However, I would prefer the ending to be less abrupt than this. The storyline is predictable as well.All in all, Far Cry 3 is worth your time and money although the replay value is very little I would say."
,Recommended,220240,8681794,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cobra,Epic game. A must have to all the FPS open world lovers :)
,Recommended,220240,8612253,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ridickulo,"Far Cry 2 just got better!Improved gameplay, story, lots of features and bells and whistles to keep you happy for hours on end.As if that wasnt enough, the multiplayer adds a whole other game in the game to the equation!A delight to go in co-op with 3 friends Left for Dead style or simply PvP to your hearts content.It has dozens of unlocks, level achievements and little quircks to discover and show-off.A must-play FPS game that even manages to run beautiful in my old 8600 vga card."
76561198114120120,Recommended,220240,8613699,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Az0g501,so long!!! very fun. This will keep you entertained for a whole while!!!
76561198065908160,Recommended,220240,8617515,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Miloslolz,"I give this gave a 9/10. The world is big to explore, the story is great, the soundtrack is awesome, lots of stuff to do and a unforgetable experiance.."
,Recommended,220240,8139928,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Looka,"Cool story and nice graphics, I also like the songs in the game :D"
,Recommended,220240,8147924,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,JakenBear,This game Cry from Far. 5 stars out of 5.
76561198021048475,Recommended,220240,8150275,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,PredestinedOne,"Yes, but not for stephen. Cause he sucks♥♥♥♥♥for money."
,Recommended,220240,7776689,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Welpers,want to kill people left and right. and explore islands. kill animals up to turtles to sharks. then this is your game.
,Recommended,220240,16008352,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Gryffyd,"With the 130 hours in mind, I can safely say this game is absolutely amazing. Far Cry 3 was a major development from the first 2 games, and has become without question, my most favourite game of all time. Far Cry 3 explores various themes, and carries quite an incredible storyline that is deceptively dark and powerful, even if the initial plot is very simple. I've played through Far Cry 3 at least 4 times, on every difficulty and tried different endings and choices. The first time I finished the game was by far, the most moving ending I've experienced in any game. It has great replayability, even after finishing Far Cry 4 I come back to this for the memories and unique gameplay. With amazing graphics, a gripping storyline, and such realistic gameplay, I still recommend Far Cry 3 today. I will never forget my time with Far Cry 3, it was the best experience I've ever had the pleasure to be part in. The map editor probably kept me entertained for months, and while I never played much co-op, what I did play was pretty fun. I personally prefer Far Cry 3 over 4, as it just feels more magical and special. I only hope that Far Cry 5 will return to the brutal and beautiful atmosphere that Far Cry 3 had, without completely redoing it (cough cough Far Cry 4).So yes, Far Cry 3 is still worth every cent (and probably more to be honest). It still remains my most favourite game ever, and will for a very long time. Don't hold back on getting it, It's an unforgettable journey."
76561198118101549,Recommended,220240,18126252,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Thesnowshreader,"Found a mushroom in a cave. 10/10, would trip balls again."
,Recommended,220240,19127593,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,plazzor,"Very fun game with lots of things to explore and do.And if you get the ending im thinking about, its very nice :3"
,Recommended,220240,19111813,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,✪ SlangZ | CSGO500,"Good Game !Little Buggs ,but its great buy it !"
76561197989205682,Recommended,220240,19233166,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,theauldfella,"I have had this game since it came out, and return to it every so often because I enjoy the variety of the action normally,HOWEVER, I am becoming increasingly frustrated that the game suddenly loses all its weapons after killing the Ink Monster,  about half way through the game.This fault was cured at one stage, but has recurred since I had to re-install, and I cannot seem to find a cure this time!!!!!!!ANNOYED!!!!!!"
76561198139411517,Recommended,220240,19116320,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,victorysin44,fu*****************************ck yessssssssssssss
,Recommended,220240,19129013,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Nik,"I'm recommending this game only because I've loved the FC series, though this game is definitely the weakest of the 4 that game come out. Still, it's fun to play. But why not to recommend? Christ, the story and the characters....Every time your character opens his mouth, I wished I could punch him. Even if that meant punching myself, it would be worth if it he would shut the hell up."
76561197980027643,Recommended,220240,18156557,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Saav,"I like this game, This is a nice F*cking Game."
,Recommended,220240,20750148,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,JammyASDFG,i have really enjoyed this game despite some of the glitches.
,Recommended,220240,30662651,Posted: 21 March,all,link,This game is so good. The only downfall is Uplay.
76561198040913718,Recommended,220240,8153768,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,mmowry98,Very good game I really like it!
,Recommended,220240,18038938,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Brainstew,Not the worst Ubisoft game I've ever played.
,Recommended,220240,16893783,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,FE1.. TW15T3D,"Ok i'm not normally 1 for writing game reviews for a very simple reason..A review is nothing more than an opinion and like A**holes everyone has 1 and they all stink...So lets start its a Uplay game :| i have always hated Uplay and always will, the game crashing and server crashes are HORRIFIC (but i knew this before buying the game so thats my own fault).. But i am not complaining about it.. personally i am crashing out every hour or so.. changed lots of setting with no success, The wife on the other hand has about 60hrs gameplay down on this game so far on her account and has maybe crashed 3-5times since install so my issues might not affect everyone..But i am here to review the Game not the performance of Uplay..Started Game.. Tried to escape camp died..Finally figured out what i was doing so went hunting for Deer.. Got killed By Comodo Dragon.. so went hunnting boars instead got killed by Leopards.. Got frustrated so grabbed a Car and thought i would run over some buffalo :| second prize got killed by pirates..Plan B.. Decided to try a stealth approach to the game after 5 hrs of Dying respawning killing a few creatures then dying..This is where Far Cry 3 comes into its own, The graphics within the game are very clean and smooth.. i was getting annopyed with not being able to skip videos which are littered throughoput the game but in the end actually started to enjoy them as they explained the story.. I am now at about 8-hrs gamplay and on my 2nd play through of it going for the illuisve 100% complete...All in all great game.. nice graphics.. pretty reasonable story line.. Uplay aside 10/10 for me.."
,Recommended,220240,16885734,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,DFG|Cheeki Breeki,*sing in oh c Oh lag oh lag oh how you make games bad oh lag dear lag this is a very good game oh lag this game has a very good pl-plot Vas is the most love-able bad guy but oh lag lag lag oh lag lag lag oh how make this bad oh lag dear lag oh lag dear lag this game was a one of my best gamez oooooh with your gun in your hand do you make the choice to pick them of one by one or do you just run-in-guns-a-blaming this game oh this game has a shity ending tho i love this game i love this game but some computers cant do it so make your choice ooh make your choice this is a very good game but Laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg.
,Recommended,220240,2737925,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Tri. Dedine,"An absolutely fantastic experience. The developers screamed ""Have fun with this great island we created!"", and oh, I have had so much fun it is unbelievable. Vaas is probably the best villain in a game this year, on the same level as Comstock and Handsome Jack in my books; he seems like a genuinely crazy person, with full control of his insanity. You really learn to be afraid of him, and he can be truly intimidating, in a different way than most of the modern villains we see in movies and games, respectively. A must-buy for everyone. Just a little notion: I recommend you have at least a GTX 460 or the AMD equivalent, since you will want to experience this game in its (near-)fullest glory; the world does so many wonders to the story, so enjoy it all by having a decent PC! The game is really well optimized as well, so you can pull amazing graphics on older systems as well, so give it a go no matter what! Truly one of my recommendations I can be really happy about."
,Recommended,220240,19154380,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Huu,"Tested Far Cry 1 & 2, but didnt really like. This however kept me thrilled all the way to finale, after that not so much.Great action/shooter with excellent acting and storyline."
76561198174023730,Recommended,220240,30347881,Posted: 5 March,all,pig-attack,Back in the game after few yers. Its still glorious. I love every minute of it. Thanks for the sale:)
76561197994954550,Recommended,220240,27526236,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Black Rock,Cooll
,Recommended,220240,16957751,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,DimeTree,"Far Cry 3: My Favorite Game Ever (Maybe)Far Cry 3 is an open world first person shooter with some RPG and Stealth elements. But there's so much more to it than that. Being a very cynical and critical person that, despite being an avid ""gamer"" pretty much my whole life, doesn't like video games that much, I'm shocked to say that this game is a valid contender to my favorite game ever. This does not mean I consider it the best game ever, I mean that out of every game in my life I've ever played, this is what I might have gotten the most enjoyment and fun out of. The game that I've liked the most. Now, without further ado, my full, unbiased assessment of the game.Gameplay: Loads of Shooty Sneaky FunThe gameplay consists of exploration, combat and side activities. In Far Cry 3, you explore a large, colorful and lively island called ""Rook Island"", filled with settlements, caves, small islands, mountains, lakes, and so much more. There are plenty of collectibles and loot out there waiting to be found, as well as lots of other cool secrets and easter eggs I won't spoil. You can get around by foot, car, boat, hanglider and even awingsuitlater in the game.The combat has you fighting both humans and animals that you find around the island. There are mainly two ways of dealing with threats: The shooty explody messy loud way using firearms, grenades and other fun stuff, and the sneaky stealthy stabby way, using your knife, rocks to distract enemies, and other stuff. Both are fun and have their advantages and disadvantages. I did, though, find stealth as the way to go in most cases, since you die quickly in firefights since Jason isn't a superhero that can just shrug off bullets by biting them out of- oh, wait, nevermind.The game has a diverse selection of weapons, in the categories as what you would expect (Assault Rifle, pistol, machine gun, sniper rifle, grenade launcher, shotgun, etc.), but also has some more unique items if you're not a whiny ♥♥♥♥♥ (Recurve bow with explosive arrows, flare gun, a mother♥♥♥♥ing flamethrower, etc.).If you're like most people, you'll try to stealth it up most of the time, but inevitably slip up, get caught, go rambo style and blow everything up.Story: A Tale of Friendship, Truth and Lots and Lots of DrugsThe story might just be one of the best parts of this game. I'm not going to spoil too much of it, but I'll give the basic outline.You are Jason Brody, an annoying rich spoiled white kid who has come to an island with his friends, who are also rich white kids. Before long they are all captured by pirates, and Jason ends up in the camp of Vaas. the insane main antagonist of the game. He manages to barely escape, where upon he is rescued by the Rakyat, a tribe fighting the pirates and struggling to regain freedom. You become a beacon of hope for their movement, being the only person to ever escape Vaas's camp alive. Throughout the game you will help their movement, adapt to your new environment and attempt to rescue your friends. But the journey will change you drastically, for better or worse.The game features a large cast of diverse, believable characters, the voice acting is superb, and the story is overall absorbing and very well written, with some of the most fantastic dialogue I've ever seen in a video game.Conclusion9/10. Has some very minor flaws, but overall a nearly perfect game."
76561197986515995,Recommended,220240,17124934,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,D3s_ToD3s,"A typical combat mission involves scouting the area from a vantage point, marking targets, picking the optimal angle of approach, and taking down the baddies one by one. It’s quite relaxing really, like pruning a rosebush where the roses can get freaked out and call another rosebush to come and back it up. And it’s always very satisfying to pull it off without being spotted, although the nature of an organic sandbox can lead to some odd results.One time I was carefully scouting an enemy base and just about decided on the best angle of attack when a ♥♥♥♥ing tiger lolloped into the base and ♥♥♥♥ing cleared it out with strategic maulings. What a right wally Mister ♥♥♥♥♥cat has made me look like, but it’s the sort of thing that’d never ♥♥♥♥ing happen in Call of Duty, isn’t it? Not unless Mister ♥♥♥♥♥cat was a programmed setpiece with ties to Al Qaeda.Ben ""Yahtzee"" Croshaw - December 2012"
,Recommended,220240,13900878,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Darquess,Animals OP
,Recommended,220240,14656893,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,{Farming-Kitten}Kia,Played it one time through....... saw 1 ending.......... didnt realy wana play the 2nd way though..... >.> meh
76561198067365776,Recommended,220240,14385878,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,The Spanish Inquisition,Far cry 3 the game where you burn down a pot farm with a flamethrower while getting high off the fumes while some reggae skrillex song plays in the background... 10/10
,Recommended,220240,11175475,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Beckett,"Far Cry 3 is an open-world fps similar to Just Cause 2 and Grand Theft Auto. With details of an exotic tropical island unique wildlife, odd people, and rare plantlife. Use plants to make syringes to boost yourself in hunting, combat, and heal yourself. The multiplayer is a different world from the story. Destroy the enemy base, sort of like a CTF gametype. In co-op be prepared to take everything you know and have learned from the story. I'd say that if you were happy with Just Cause 2, you'll be playing this game all day!"
,Recommended,220240,14236787,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,hughman,"if this game were a pineapple, I wouldn't want it in my♥♥♥♥"
76561197995039670,Recommended,220240,12972338,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,el_turista,I love how they got Spike Lee to be my mission-giving buddy. Uplay blows.
,Recommended,220240,12982765,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,mythousandfaces,"Outright fun and diverse gameplay. Let's you take on most challenges in the game in your own style. The upgrade system is a bit iffy and some of the plot can be a bit out there, but it's really great. Just make sure uPlay doesn't mess with your system."
76561198021794935,Recommended,220240,12077149,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Gare_Bear,it just keeps sucking me back in... D:
,Recommended,220240,10738713,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zetta,Pros:-Amazing Gameplay-Amazing Graphics-Athmospheric Feel-Beautiful World-This list can keep going on so im gonna stop hereCons:-You should feel ashamed of yourself for even thinking there are any!You are missing out if you have not played this game! +10/10
76561198027405098,Recommended,220240,10708127,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Patrick (DDT),worth every penny
,Recommended,220240,31069525,Posted: 10 April,all,Peasnug,"Great game, Uplay sucks tho.Can't earn badges/achievements"
76561198022072240,Recommended,220240,12303325,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,roltrap1™,"Great game, if you like open world, fps and adventure this is definitely for you. This is one you play trough to the end.I personally don't like the amount of UI elements on the screen, the compass reveals to much, but if you like a more impressive experience like I do, install HaxEditor and just get rid of what you don't like.Buy this game for the single player though, don't buy it for the co-op or multiplayer they often don't work, some people can't get on the servers and Uplay does not offer any helpful support."
,Recommended,220240,13800968,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,wot,Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?
,Recommended,220240,13964731,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Tweeter,"I had a great time with this game.  I have never played a Far Cry game before but this one turned out to be great. Story was decent, graphics are great, and the gameplay is very fun.  I did the main story in around 10-11 hours, however  I am a terrible open world gamer as I tend to race from story mission to story mission. So to be honest I didnt do a lot of side stuff.  However this is certainly a game you could sink 40 hours into just playing around and doing side missions.I highly recommend picking this one up on a steam sale. It was a great blend of a fps and rpg elements and I see why it was so highly regarded as one of the best titles of 2012."
,Recommended,220240,12956411,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Bc. Patrik Vychlopen,It´s really worth the money. You guys should get it.
,Recommended,220240,12965261,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,bizkit,I can jump 1 meter high and do shrooms... 100/10
,Recommended,220240,13082207,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,IvanTheOne,"10/10-For any FPS fan this is must play game.Singleplayer is amazing,multiplayer needs bit work,but at the end who needs multiplayer next to such amazing singleplayer."
,Recommended,220240,13642394,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,♞,9/10 IGN
,Recommended,220240,10722899,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Hawxegen,"Best looking environments I have ever seen in a game, this game is oh so beautiful on high settings. The story is very interesting and it will  keep you on the hook  through the end. The side missions are fun and you will find yourself exploring and killing a lot of animals. It is quite easy to make money in the game in order to buy the weapons & weapon mods from the store. The multiplayer is also fun.10/10 ♥ this game"
,Recommended,220240,10726632,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,masterojack,It's a blast. I love the physics and how the fire behaves naturally. Nothing is more fun than herding a tiger into the middle of an enemy base.
76561198064611095,Recommended,220240,13834003,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Ego12Draconis,Sehr gutes Spiel.
,Recommended,220240,14060487,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Hermit Ramen,"Caution: Multiplayer is close to being unoperable. Also, a Uplay account is required to run the game.Getting that out of the way, the single-player aspect is quite fantastic. The visuals are great - the island is rendered as well as Ubisoft's other series, Assassins' Creed. Plotwise, the story is pretty basic: an protagonist goes thorugh hell to become a killing machine, all the while descending into madness that permeates the island and everyone that lives on it. Not much difference from other AAA titles nowadays. However, this game is still extremely fun. There are hunting missions, fetch missions and the kill-everything missions to spend many fun hours in. Far Cry 3 is for the gamer who just wants excitement and action and little else."
,Recommended,220240,13359311,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MrHoffy,"Buy it, play it."
76561198040217088,Recommended,220240,17991051,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,supa_bekka,"I love this game. It is absolutely one of my favorites. The hunting side missions are so much fun, as is approaching an enemy base and figuring out how you're going to take it down. A lot of fun! The only downside (for me) is that the voice acting for the locals sounds like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,220240,13270330,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Academic,Has it's bugs and glitches but it's a ton of hours and bad assness I freaking love this game BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,220240,19689520,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Snacky,Good graphicsFun gameplayAMAZING STORYAhh... I miss the days when Ubisoft still made enjoyable games.
,Recommended,220240,19802290,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,cpower,11/10
,Recommended,220240,19552323,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,XxSUGARSPARKxX,"Far Cry 3 is without a doubt one of the best open world games ever. The story, character, and gameplay make it extremely addicting and hard to ignore. While taking place on the same island as Far Cry 1, Far Cry 3 has nothing to do with the original game. You play as a guy called Jason Brody who get's trapped on an island with some friends who get captured by pirates and slave traders, and you must rescue them. While the story may seem basic at first, we start to see Jason's decent into insanity."
,Recommended,220240,19573256,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Milo2♥R,♥ SICK AS ♥♥♥♥ ♥
76561197968220397,Recommended,220240,8419340,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mutiik,"An open-world shooter, with a good story and graphics. Good for those days you just want to fool around in a game and shoot people in the FACE! ;)"
,Recommended,220240,19396027,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Si-MAN,"First Person Climbing Simulator.Difficulty seems a little tame, but you can change at any point.Money almost instantly becomes useless.Uplay means no steam achievements......but yea, it's pretty good.And i should know, as i have an outstanding face forest."
76561198069430662,Recommended,220240,19416159,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Big Money 420,"Realistic Thailand-Vigilante simulator.Jason Brody's attitude changing from: Baby, to Heartless killing machine to- Little baby man again saying  stuff like ""WHAT HAVE I DONE.."" is really bad writing since it's assuming you won't roam in an open world game."
76561198023314468,Recommended,220240,19163586,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,-[GT]- Dr. Lynch #AnshuLove,Jason has the Tattau. He is tru warria.
,Recommended,220240,18868638,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,bread,50% SEA50% WEED
76561198155241661,Recommended,220240,18467264,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,The Redrain,Better than far cry 4
,Recommended,220240,18633022,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,berttheturt,Don't play this game if you have any obligations in life.  I have spent more time playing this game in the last week than I have spent eating as a total. This is definitely in my top 2 games of all time right next to team fortress 2. Buy it at any price. It is worth it.
,Recommended,220240,11471167,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,SirGringo128,"I have been playing far cry 3 for quite some time. As you can see I have put over 200 hours into this game, and I still haven't come close to finishing everything there is to offer. I would like to break my reviews into catagorys. So here we go.Story:Far Cry 3 has you playing as a guy named Jason, and you and your friends are out partying cause your brother Riley just got his pilot lincese. You guys eventually end up going sky diving and landing on the island of Rook. Only to get captured by pirates. Wonderful right I know. Well you end up with your brother Grant a soldier in some prison ruin by the pirates and being tormented by Vaas. This crazy sob who you will have to deal with several occations throughout the game. Then some certain events happen and you are ruining for your life all by yourself in the jungle. You end up falling into a river. Which after this leads you on a quest threw temples, mountains, caves, drug addicts, and the freaking CIA. I would give the story for far cry 3 a 9/10Gameplay:The gameplay that this game has is ridiculously bad♥♥♥♥♥ You start off with literally nothing, and as you progress you can craft items to store more ammo, guns, grenades, etc. You may be asking how do I craft these items. Well you will have to hunts animals. There is a wide varity of animals in this game from the common chicken all the way down to black panthers. The movements in this game are simple and fast paced. Which I really enjoy. There are some slow momments, but they lead to these epic intense gunfights. There is also a cool skill tree. That you can build up by leveling up your character. Then you have outpost you can capture and a bunch of side quest. You will be playing this game for a long time. I give the gameplay a 10/10Graphics:The graphics are beautfiful. There will be moments where you will  stop just to look at waterfall, volcano, etc., and see how beautiful the envoriment is. The island of Rook would be an awesome place to go on vacation. If it weren't infested with some many pirates and deadly animals. I give the graphics an 8/10.Cons:There really aren't to many. I mean a few glitches here and there, but its extremely rare. Some frame drop, but it isn't noticeable. Also it's run through uplay. Which means crashes because Uplay freakin sucks.All in all far cry 3 is a well designed, fun game. I would reccomend this if your a fan of fps or you just like to start up chaos. My finally rating of this game is a 9.8/10."
74823748237428479,Recommended,220240,18289074,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Resolute | The Vac'ed One.,Far Cry 3 is a game about surviving and killing things :)
76561197999744273,Recommended,220240,20271378,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kaleb|HasH,"Best SP FPS ever , best story"
,Recommended,220240,12930937,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Playas_Club,It's Far Cry! But 3 Times Better!
,Recommended,220240,18305945,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Satyroshka,I climbed the highest point in the north island then used a glider to travel all the way to the south island.10/10 would cross seas again.
76561198013890803,Recommended,220240,8797390,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,TroubleMaker,This just is one of the best open world shooter ive ever played and best in the franchise so far and really looking forward the next game. There is only 1 downside that it requires Uplay to play it. Definitly worth buying.
76561198105267459,Recommended,220240,17185638,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Toon8,"Awesome game with beautiful graphics. Loved playing stealth in this one, taking out a camp by first sneaking in and disabling the alarm then go up to find highground and snipe them one by one. The weed mission was alot of fun especially because of the music they played."
,Recommended,220240,17213681,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,TheSuperStratos,Great dating sim! 10/10
,Recommended,220240,23937321,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,duckywizard,Far Cry 3 is honestly the best game i've ever played. It has an awesome openworld concept that reminds me strongly of skyrim with guns and the story is second only to The Last of Us (only on play station). You never really get bored in this game and your really start to feel like you actually are Jason Brodie. 10/10
76561198015810047,Recommended,220240,23936720,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Combatkat,"I started playing with Far Cry back when it first came out and was blown away by the atmosphere of the game.  Far Cry 3 is no exception.  I would say it has gotten even better, in regards to realistic situations and I have enjoyed the missions so far.  I am a fan of Fallout 4 and Skyrim so any game I approve of has to meet most of those standards.  This game, in my opinion does that.  In some respects it even surpasses those with Co op play and Multiplayer."
,Recommended,220240,23894388,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Hellray,"PROS: Massive world, great story, a lot of side-quests and nice mechanics.CONS: Repetitive, Tattoos and improvements doesnt seem to matter."
76561198051205825,Recommended,220240,24008135,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Toydogg,Buy it while on sale.
,Recommended,220240,23847011,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,gamingbsi,This game is really great! I don't know what took me so long to buy this one😍😍
,Recommended,220240,23843332,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mekazaurus,"Farcry 3 is a choose-your-own way open world shooter. The stealth is pretty simple and sometimes the AI is pretty dumb, However you can certainly play through the whole game as either a stealthy assassin or maniac with a shotgun. The game does shine in freedom of choice in the murdering department. Many of the weapons and vehicles are quite fun. In addition to the storyline missions there is a lot of collecting and upgrades to find. Unfortunely these are pretty basic and repetitive after the tenth time.  Character development has a few options, but by the end of the game you will pretty much have every skill anyhow.The story is pretty loose. You play a typical dude-bro rich kid who ends up stranded on an island with some less than reputable denizens. Without spoilers the first third or so is actually pretty good, but really falls off the rails hard and fast after that. The two avialable conclusions are downright stupid. Until it was patched, you couldnt even continue the game after the last mission, you had to restart all over.It definately yells straight console port, which isnt bad in itself, but while everything ran fine it did pull on my system way more than it should have.  Other than that it looks great. Forced Uplay added junk is not fun.The DLC is forgettable. A few unique weapons that dont change much and a couple ok side missions.Sale Buy. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,14917770,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Abraham Sweetvoice,7/10
76561197976895272,Recommended,220240,23779085,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nvidkiller,Just finished this. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,23616885,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,V I L E N C E,"K then, this is my review for this game.This game will bring you about""Definition of Insanity""This game have a good story and nice adventure, The Graphic Visual is awesome and the animation is great.If you like adventure games, this game will include to your list.VISUAL : 9/10STORY : 9.9/10[++++] THE CONCEPT AND THE STORY IS ♥♥♥♥IN GOOD![-] The minus is:- Doesn't exit the achievment on steam- Doesn't exit the cards or badge on steam- Must have uPlay- IDK, I hate uPlay, maybe I usually to use steam rather than uPlay- The multiplayer 7/10.FINAL SCORE: 9/10 (My Review)#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI don't Know this game is good ending or bad ending but, this game is ♥♥♥♥in awesome for the story"
76561198240894442,Recommended,220240,21746220,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Sinister_Ways,"Far Cry 3 is a great game that offers a great storyline with fun game play. The mechanics in this game are not the greatest but the takedown mechanics are very fun and enjoyable because who dosen't enjoy stabing someone and throwing a knife at the next enemy? The hunting is satisfying because it serves a purpose by allowing the player to hold more money, more ammo, more C4, more carrying capacity, and more syringes; because drugs are your friend in this game. Finding loot and collectibles are good adding more hours of gameplay and playing poker fun as well giving players choices in difficulty that changes the price to buy in. The only gripes I have with this game are with some skills not being very useful, money being limited, limited encounters with certain animals, not being able to experience co-op because not a lot of people use Uplay, and Uplay. I recommend this game because it's fun, enjoyable, satisfying, and you get to enjoy being on drugs!"
,Recommended,220240,23645963,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,me262sivlad,MLG
,Recommended,220240,4689786,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Yezrej -iatl-,its so good best game 2012
76561198064799492,Recommended,220240,6369468,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,GunslingerKing,Excelente!!!
,Recommended,220240,23377152,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ⓥⓐⓟⓞⓡⓦⓐⓥⓔ,Best game in the series!
,Recommended,220240,23576826,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Draggins,I ran through one of the best shooters I've ever played to be rewarded by♥♥♥♥♥♥ 10/10 would fap again.
,Recommended,220240,27811854,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Comrade Blyat,dope
,Recommended,220240,26674666,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,GameBoy,"Slash, sneak, detonate, and shoot.What more do u need???This is more than enough to describe.Now go play Play.Don't forget to Burn the Weed and save your friends.Ubisoft made me a bit sad with their cloud and Uplay.Otherwise INSANITY rules. - VAAS"
76561198106798733,Recommended,220240,28289793,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,AlphaCore,0/10 needs more Vaas
,Recommended,220240,28647769,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,*_*,storyline is awesome
76561198132754021,Recommended,220240,28802980,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,scoob,Best game ever played even in 2016 would recomend buying :P
76561198119506004,Recommended,220240,10092295,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Shadowthane,Extremely fun. Lots of stuff to do in this open-world game :D
76561197979352218,Recommended,220240,28292151,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ICU81MI,Uplay sucks.  That being said this game is a fantactic open world FPS with the best story in the series.
76561198041145154,Recommended,220240,30568453,Posted: 17 March,all,aronoc,it was good.
76561198002181888,Recommended,220240,30639646,Posted: 20 March,all,crimsonfuckr,game is quite fun so far. basically has the best of 2 and 4 mixed in.
,Recommended,220240,29790309,Posted: 8 February,all,harrybo,a lot to do and discover in this game. lots of awesome weapons and animals to find.i highly suggest you buy this game
,Recommended,220240,29796057,Posted: 8 February,all,Fara,"Its a fun, action packed and entertaining FPS game with good storyline."
,Recommended,220240,29641108,Posted: 1 February,all,Veno,"This game, by far, is the best Far Cry in history. I have put 30 hours into this game, but it still ranks as one of my favorite games of all time. Ubisoft had perfected linear storylines, which is surprising, due to the negativity towards linear styled games. Not only is the story rich, but the co-op is what made me keep playing. Playing with friends on far cry is one of the best experiences I've had with this game. I could not speak highly enough of far cry."
76561198051830890,Recommended,220240,29322801,Posted: 17 January,all,Snattlerake,">Be me>Driving around>See a WWII flak gun>Investigate it>See some pirates driving by>Shoot at them>Kill them, they rollover off a cliff and into a tree>Car explodes, tree and surrounding ground catch on fire>Some of their friends drive by>Shoot and kill them>Car keeps going, hits a wandering cassowary and kills it>More pirates drive by>They're smart enough to get out of the car>Kill one of them>Cassowary kills the second>That cassowary and another attack me>Kill one of them, then run out of ammo in my LMG>Use next weapon, detpack>Throw it on the ground, set it off>Kills cassowary and myselfI only stopped that play session because I didn't want every single awesome moment to happen to me in one sitting."
,Recommended,220240,9280830,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Fatali,"I had fun playing this, I really did. Flamethrowers, hunting bears with RPGs, chainstabbing evil ♥♥♥♥tards while laughing maniacly, what's not to love. It ain't the game you pick up for the story though. The characters are engaging, sure, and you see some genuine reflaction and character development, something rare for games like this, but in the end it just ain't good. It's ok, it's sufferable, it's an acceptable backdrop for killing everything that walks, and some things that crawl, and occasionally things that fly, but don't expect to be taken to the core of human psyche in a trip that changes your life.So yea, just pick up your flamethrower, staple a permanent grin on your ugly face and set to work on this island paradise. The fire physics is the best aspect of the game anyways."
,Recommended,220240,9340176,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,IrvNation,"If you have the chance to buy this game and it's on sale(I say this cause we all need to save money), DO SO. People have compared it to Skyrim with guns, and I can see where someone might get this impression but I would compare it like this: 25% Skyrim and 75% Assassin's creed. Yes, you have skills, and yes you have crafting but the crafting is more like Assassin's creed. ""Collect 2 Alligator hides to create the extended holster""  ""2 Yellow plants for the hunting syringe"" ect, you get the idea. And for this game, it's not really a bad thing. I guess for me, I'd prefer the crafting like Skyrim rather than AC. BUT that's just me... You can capture Outposts(which is really fun, by the way. Id kinda like more like this) to open up fast travel points and stores to purchase weapons and ammo. Hunting is rather fun but once you have all the materials to craft what you need, theres no more need to hunt.Skill are set up very nicely and are displayed in the form of your tatau(tattoo) on your arm which is a REALLY cool way to do it. I hope they do something like this in the next game.Vaas....BEST VILLIAN EVER...If I was gay, I'd have a crush on him...who I am I kidding...I'M STRAIGHT AND I HAVE A MANCRUSH ON VASS...TOTALLY NOT IN A GAY WAY, THOUGH. I kinda wished he was the main villian rather than a right hand or something.Overall...BUY THIS GAME....BUY IT...whenitsonsalecuaseletsfaceitweneedtosavemoney."
76561198115366961,Recommended,220240,9353180,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,≪ṦℙΘΘķ≫,игра прост радует короч у меня даж стояк на неё
76561198021785719,Recommended,220240,9353435,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,h u s k y,"A really good game, couldn't stop playing it when I first got into it."
76561197991610058,Recommended,220240,9320947,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,flukedd,"Fun single player experience. Completed the most difficult setting in about 30 hours (all side quests, relics and stuff done). There is also a coop mode which is challenging at the hardest difficulty (although we did it with two players where you can have four)."
,Recommended,220240,5631244,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,Creamy Memey,...This is fun! :D
,Recommended,220240,4867201,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,SpΛrrow,100% 2012 game of the year not the best story but its beautiful addictive and amazing GET IT
,Recommended,220240,21533348,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,nipplebaby007,This game taught me the definition of insanity.11/10.
,Recommended,220240,6360958,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Paulio,i rate this game 5/5
,Recommended,220240,6375181,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,PeaceWalker,"Великолепную игру портит обилие богомерзкой ""охоты""."
,Recommended,220240,6024075,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Espaba,AMAZING
,Recommended,220240,6020629,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,@UforiK,By far the best game of the year.
,Recommended,220240,11936904,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,danish,pretty dank m8 8.7 goty edition ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,10578822,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bigeye 6,"Loved this game, Great characters, especially Vaas. Graphics were Beautiful and there are some nice choices. Only problem is how demanding  it can be, but on ultra I got 50fps on a Amd Radeon 7870 and AMD FX-8350. Can't recommend it enough"
,Recommended,220240,14362482,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Jeff,if i've learned one thing about this its that its all about the money
,Recommended,220240,15293216,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Rich Thicca,"First off i want to say that my grammer isn't good. excuse me!When i played it for the first time i needed to adapt myself to the game. It was completly diffirent from the other games i played, but after some gameplay you start to notice it work pretty smoothly!The story of this game is what makes it awesome! I can't really discribe it, you need to play it youreself. Its a verry wel experience that you can play a lot of hours.There are some good and bad missions, the bad missions are stealth missions like medusa (early boat mission) I didn't get any problems with it but my friend did. He couldn't make it, so i have to did it for him and i guess a lot of people have also struggelings with that mission. BUT! there are also some amazing missions, like the ink boss, killing traitors and ofcouse the ending whitch i enjoyed the most.The music... is..... AWESOME! i love the emotions in the music. When youre really intro the story and you play a verry ""angry"" mission the music fits so well! And for the ending too! Citra died (in my case) and you hear that sad but still angry instrumental music, if youre in the story, you will never come out couse of the music is playing a huge part.Then the graphics. People say its awesome, look cool and its the best ones.... Defenitly not! I argee it looks good but never is the best. I got some weird feelings of the graphics. specially when its night. It looks so.... dumb? not real? uncomfortable? Or its just me.Then the price. Is it worth the $30? Well yes! even if i didnt buyed it when it was $30 i still think i would have there for about. Far cry 3 gives you lot more than just the singleplayer (whitch is the best part of the game) There is co op and multiplayer also. Lets keep it short, co op is good, not best but it gives a little story, missions are funny maybe a bit to short but the feature of the way to unlock weapons is a lot more by just playing co op. Multiplayer is bad, Its like COD. Who sees you first will guarentee kill you, no fight back. Just too unfair and not enjoyable. (even i liked the endings a lot :D )So would i recommend it?Only for player that:- Are a little bit experienced with those type of games- Can stealth a bit, otherwise you dont come far in this game- Loves the way of gameplay and music :D- Likes singleplayer- Likes playing if the story was real life"
76561198042747786,Recommended,220240,8450085,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lil' Hitler,"Great game, the story was well written and told through out the game! really bad♥♥♥♥♥game!"
,Recommended,220240,8214770,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Maifu ︻╦╤─,yisssssssssss
76561198110083305,Recommended,220240,9683831,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,literally hate myself,GREAT GAME WITH TONS OF REPLAYABILITY
,Recommended,220240,23927085,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Freddy Benson,Pros: gameplay is bretty goodnice gunplaycraftingsandbox adventure which is goodgraphics/gameplay have aged pretty good for what it isCons: too many ex-wife jokes
76561198093439704,Recommended,220240,23491245,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Jton,Did I ever tell you the definition of Insanity?cuz vaas will.
76561198209930817,Recommended,220240,24515417,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jaharis Targaryen,"I recently started playing this wonderful game, but it has managed to grow on me. The landscapes are fascinating, and the plot does not get bored. While not going to emerge because of the computer."
,Recommended,220240,30778275,Posted: 27 March,all,Aamta,This game has given inspiration to many games and is a never bore game for life.Its an outstanding game
,Recommended,220240,25094866,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,WT,"Vaas the Joker-like villan, always crawls under you skins and makes you feel as if you are the in-game character."
76561198150910877,Recommended,220240,30430809,Posted: 10 March,all,CheluNeb1,"Usually, I don't pay too much attention on the storyline dialogues or on the bla-bla which comes along within the game but Far Cry 3 made me listen to every conversation.The stealth feature is really nice and one can grasp it quite easy.Side quests are nice, could have been better.A bit of dragging for completing the ""path of the hunter"" or ""wanted"" missions.Skill tree is clever and unlocking abilities is, most of the time, helpful.I noticed that each tower is different, none has the same layout, which was interesting.Nevertheless, it is a fun game and it was a joy to play it.I trully recommend."
76561197977924193,Recommended,220240,30437314,Posted: 10 March,all,Yoyomau,"Totally enjoyed this game.  You start out as a diaper wearing cry baby.. But as the game progresses you become more of just a cry baby.. then you learn new things and become a baby.. and then and then.   find out for yourself.... Great graphics, never had a glitch and ohh so many options when growing into your manhood...."
76561198040829567,Recommended,220240,10848573,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jaredhud,"Its was a pretty good game, but there isn't a whole lot of depth. Recommend buying at discounted price."
,Recommended,220240,10562072,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew",Quest has a mushroom in it and pole dancing. 10/10.
,Recommended,220240,9923254,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,TheFrapRap,A must play if you are into Open world RPGs
,Recommended,220240,9897720,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,DMentMan,"good game, really fun, would play again."
76561198073280697,Recommended,220240,8591825,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Digital,AMAZING GAME! fantastic story and a very nice active open world to explore. I would defenatly advise anyone that has not bought this game to do so right now!
,Recommended,220240,8669402,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,єร๏tєгเς_๓๏ภк,"I am become the Jungle. Also, in need of handiwipes.10/10."
76561198025110559,Recommended,220240,8789520,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,dkapbboy,Playing this game on PC has been a blast. Don't even bother getting this on PS3 or Xbox 360 because the framerate is so low that kills the game entirely. Loved this one.
,Recommended,220240,9372452,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,common˚science,10/10 for me. all over fun game in every way. worth buying because you can pick this game up anytime and still enjoy it. GTA of the jungle
76561198077941810,Recommended,220240,9314741,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,boy the bilder,i clearly recommend this game also it's story game play and mods to it and the deluxe bundle (the deluxe bundle gives you 3 rewards) and that why i call my self jason LOLS
76561198043980355,Recommended,220240,9285484,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Freshly Lubed Wang,"I don't know what to say, I just love this game so much"
,Recommended,220240,14445848,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Jambies (PC needs fixin'),extreme island butt hunting 3
,Recommended,220240,13832809,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,cheeky skrublord,"You are Jason, a straight A college student who skydives onto the wrong island with his friends only to be captured by pirates, one of whom becomes your sworn enemy, Vaas - a very well developed character with a vivid and colourful personality. He completely steals the spotlight thanks to impeccable voice acting. Sure this game requires the completely redundant DRM that manifests itself as Uplay, but don't let that put you off, as long as it works, who cares? I got this game during the Steam sale for £3, but even the full £14.99 is still a completely justifiable price for such a great game.You can play this game as linear as possible and complete the main story in about 8 hours, but who wants to do that? To get the most out of this game, you should utilise the role-playing elements including using animal skins to craft better gear, crafting and using drugs to see enemies through walls and using badass weapons such as the grenade launcher, explosive arrows/sniper and the flamethrower."
,Recommended,220240,16636515,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,PepperoniNipples,It's like Skyrim with guns 10/10 IGN m8
,Recommended,220240,16667628,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ThePinga,"One of the best games i've ever played, I've even played it through 2-3 times now. Would definitly reccomend"
76561198137894113,Recommended,220240,16668839,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SaulGoodman,JOSE APPROVES
,Recommended,220240,16019665,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,[I.P.R] TheOfficeDog™,I shot a guy and got 500$10/10
76561198055155182,Recommended,220240,20972233,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Lotrepica,liked this one most of all the far cry games.
76561198168144398,Recommended,220240,20977497,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,hoppy2424,Pretty sick.
,Recommended,220240,20979476,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,aninsaneostrich,"tthis game is great, if anyone has played FC 4, FC 4 doesn't hold a candle to this.great survival mechanics, character ark, everything! this game is , in my opinion, the best game Ubisoft has ever made, besides, jarateing about is also some of the best fun you can have in a open world, survival FPS."
76561198020083408,Recommended,220240,20979970,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,PeanutButtah,Awsome game love the driving mechanics the best! :D
76561198132007079,Recommended,220240,20982582,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,GD SuperDog,great game no uplay promblums for me.
,Recommended,220240,20896785,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,PacoMax1,"Gotta say it, people hate Uplay, and I don't like the fact i have to open Uplay to play Far Cry while Steam is open, I'm on a low end PC and can run Far Cry at 20 FPS or even close to 30 but I give the positive not for sacrificing my PC to kill a psycho, but because Uplay hasn't gave me problemsUbisoft, at least make the game to be used WITHOUT Uplay to be the best"
,Recommended,220240,20876122,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,-.-,"Trippin' balls, burnin' weed fields, takin' 20 shots to the body and surviving by crackin' your thumb back into place.And, o' course, mythic tattoos.11/10, would inject myself with liquified plants again."
,Recommended,220240,20779375,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Jellywhale,You get high10/10
,Recommended,220240,20797767,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,LoKi FX,My favorite game of all time. If you havent played it YOU HAVEN'T CRIED YET! real tears of sweet amazingness 69/69 will play 69 years later!
,Not Recommended,220240,21180526,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Pylos,Uplay and the terrible swimming mission
,Recommended,220240,21226959,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Walht,"(Minor spoilers)*You are a normal guy but you get held for ransom*You escape and get rescued*You get your first gun*You get stronger*You take drugs from a myseterious women claiming to be your leader*You fight a giant ink monster*You have sex with her when you wake up*From then on your do badass things.ggBut seriously this game's amazing, but I'd say that you should wait for a sale or something, because it goes down to like £3 on some sales. The character development is amazing, your character starts of as anyone would, death makes them cry, shake and scream, their first kill makes them want to puke, but as time goes by, you end up having no remorse for what you do, and end up torturing people so you can kill someone else. You turn from a cowardly teenager to a drug abusing demon that kills for fun.This game is a solid 10/10 it may be the old game, but it's still good, it's one of the few titles from Ubisoft that I can say that I enjoyed."
,Recommended,220240,21227080,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,nzveR,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwqDygbiB-4GAMEPLAY
,Recommended,220240,25048638,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,KaneBlackHand,"10/10, would slit my girlfriend's throat again."
,Recommended,220240,14236314,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Legit,I chose the bad ending ♥♥♥♥ed a chick and then she killed me... GR8 M8 I R8 8/8
76561198062440917,Recommended,220240,14397236,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,BatDoge,"I really like this game i like the story quite a bit, the visuals are easy on the eyes and it can be challenging. biggest complaint: jason brody being a pretty rich boy suddenly becoming a bulletrippingoutwithastickbadass, also while hes being badass the way he talks and every thing is a little whiny idk just me his voice is eh. fav part: the part where you bun down dah weed farm. the song is just awesome. overall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,15722467,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Natheist,"-Objective was to slay the golden tiger using a bow-Saw a tiger up on a rock in the sun, it looked so golden in that light-Managed to kill the tiger-Inspected the body-Correction: This was not the golden tiger-Instant panic as I was mauled from behind by the golden tigerLife is a ♥♥♥♥♥, so is uplay, get over it and buy this game. 10/10 (Easily one of my top 5 favorite games)"
,Recommended,220240,9998151,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Robbo /Shigga/,"This is an amazing game that I will never regret buying!At first, I was very skeptical as recently, the other games I have bought have let me down immensely. ( I shall not mention the names of these games, but *cough cough Call of Duty cough cough*.As I was saying, I was recommended this game by my good friend, and it took him more than a few weeks to convince me to buy it, but it was worth it. Even though this game was made in late 2012, the graphics are very appealing, the game is very immersive and realistic. Although most people will say that they are having problems with the UPlay application, I have never experienced any problems with it, and UPlay adds special downloadable content for all Ubisoft-made games that cannot be found or bought on Steam itself.The only downside, I would have to admit, is that the online multiplayer community is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ I think almost everone can agree with this statement, as most gaming communitys have to same problems. So I would recommend that if you want to play online, play with some friends. Not complete strangers.Other than that small problem, this is my person favourite game that I think would be enjoyable for all and should be given the love and attention it deserves!"
,Recommended,220240,10071300,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Eris the Slack Wyrm,"Woo hoo fun fun. Lets have a lookMedals of Greatness.Stealth: Feels like good sneaky man. So satisfying to take out a base without people ever knowing.Weapons: baDAH baDAH baDAH THEY FEEL SO GOOOOOOD mmhmm also the bow is the most fun weapon ive used. Best bow in gaming oh yeah. Flamethrower is insane too.Story: Not the most top notch, but it feels good man. Character development was awesome too.Vaas: ""Did I ever tell you the defenition... of being the best villian you've ever seen?"" He made me poop my pants and ♥♥♥♥ at the same time. Scary guy. Cant get enough of him. I hate him  too.Humor: HAAHAHaahAHahah.. Oh man, this game made me giggle plenty of times and die lauging at some of its greatest moments. Fire fire wub wub <3Visuals: Looks great, oh yeh.some more stuff too, wont list emSome Black Marks though. No one is perfect:Vaas: Not enough Vaas.Escort Missions: ... rrrrgrgrgRGrgRg raarawrawrawr >:CTutorial: This is the reason I didnt play this game before now. Bad tutorials make me angry. Too long, too boring, unskipable(but modable ;) )  and I lost my save so I had to do it again. Although It did let me get a great introduction to Vaas. So i can forgive it.Turret sections: Not the worst TS ive seen, but eeeh still eeehNo more enemies after taking out the bases: Man it felt so empty after I took out the strongholds. No enemies in that area. And taking out the strongholds was some of the most fun I had.In the end. It gets my Seal of Aproval. Oh yeah."
,Recommended,220240,10038396,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Kilgrave,"An amazing game, with tons of stuff to do and to explore.Beautiful level design combined with beautiful graphics truly immerses you into the world of this game.The game feels polished, and not rushed just to release as soon as possible.The story is exciting, side missions are more or less fun and liberating outposts is super fun, because you can approach those however you like, but planning every move and trying to silently take down every enemy is the most fun. :)Your character gains different skills throughout the game, can craft handy stuff, upgrade weapons, etc...All in all, this is a really fun game that can offer hours and hours of entertainment.10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,220240,10046221,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,harry styles,Become An Immortal God 10hrs Into Playing The Game: The Simulator
76561198052270438,Recommended,220240,11357946,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mark Whaleburger,really fun FPS will free world gameplay
,Recommended,220240,11329408,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Trudelgy,Outstanding
,Recommended,220240,11089244,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Darawesh,"This is a wonderfully crafted open-world game. I laughed, I cried, I got angry, and what really surprised me is what I learned about myself.The story of this game focuses on the psyche of a normal guy who is quickly forced to survive in a strange and foreign environment. Jason's journey throughout this game is an amazing journey that everyone should experience at least once. It has a little bit for every type of gaming. Platforming, stealth, run-and-gun, survival aspects, exploration and so much more.11/10 would have babies with this game."
76561198087345600,Recommended,220240,12979781,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Ultras,After this game you will learn the definition of insanity
,Recommended,220240,27432211,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jukebox Potato,Did i ever tell you... The definition of insanity?
,Recommended,220240,18407590,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Dawg101 DJ Dawg ღLoveMyPuppiesღ,I love it! The open world just never seems to end!
,Recommended,220240,29285969,Posted: 15 January,all,Reverse Giraffe,"I really enjoyed this game, i was a little late to the party but i finally took the time to finish it, Theres something about a charasmatic villain in a video game or movie that really does it for me. Vaas quickly became one of my all time favorite villains in any video game I have ever played and I advise you as a new player to analyze closely every line of dialouge and action he does because it leaves alot to specualtion at the end of the game and there are some very relevant therories that i agree with in regards to him. I did think the ending left much to be disired no mattter which way you go about it but I think that might have been on purpose. Really pay attention while you play this game... especially to the Alice in Wonderland quotes."
,Recommended,220240,10968040,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BulldoG,"Fanstastic game.Played the majority of it on 360 but having a PC capable of running this in ultra, well..Sandbox joy, buy it."
,Recommended,220240,10906103,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,HabaBaba,Best game in the franchise hands down
,Recommended,220240,28578524,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Monster_Zombie,Far Cry 3 's Villian made me Want to finish this game. I had 'issues' with that guy ever since the game began and I couldnt Wait to kill him. He was so impolite. This game is Beautiful scary and all round awesome for a open world game!! Love this a Lot!! 9 of 10!
76561198155093323,Recommended,220240,28675253,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Brandon,i liek it
,Recommended,220240,25100711,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Westaboo,At first I wondered why people shunned Far Cry 4 so much...Then I played this
76561197996233731,Recommended,220240,27915486,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DrenchedDave,The best of the Far Cry series.
76561198168228876,Recommended,220240,16936346,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Amygdalathe (spooky edition),only in fc3 can u be burning a weed farm with 2 tigers attacking pirates while getting high off the fumes all while skrillex is playing...u also learn the definition of insanity10/10 must have!
76561198016162311,Recommended,220240,15156917,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Halerius,"Great single-player experience, very open world with lots to do!  However, the multiplayer experience leaves much to be desired."
76561198006307827,Recommended,220240,11961921,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,=CHG= Calamity,"Can't smoke meth..0/10Really though it's a great game. Something is weird with the collision when entering buildings though. I get stuck sometimes and it makes me want to punch a puppy.Uplay is garbage, uplay is garbage, and also, uplay is garbage.Steam wtf? You used to be cool."
76561198110730297,Recommended,220240,8346651,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Poca,An amazing open world adventure that gets you hooked after the first minute
,Recommended,220240,11008623,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Naiuhz,"FPS + RPG + Animal hunting = Bandaging, thumb twisting, running simulator.Spent so much time playing I forgot I had a real life. Accidently murdered my pets in my sleep but it's okay since I skinned them right after. Couldn't let anything go to wasted.UPlay is literally Hitler. Wished this game had included more drugs. Citra's hot, she's like my girlfriend but without a♥♥♥♥♥♥ 11/10, would be sacrificed again."
,Recommended,220240,21171643,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,weed4speed,"მთავარი გმირი, ჯეისენი, მიემგზავრება მეგობრებთან ერთად დასასვენებლად საოცრად ლამაზ ტროპიკულ კუნძულზე. და იქ ვარდება ტყვედ მეკობრეების ხელში. დაწყებული ამ მომენტიდან თქვენი დავალებაა - გადარჩეთ ყველაფრის ფასად. ჯეისენი ჩათრეული იქნა პირატებსა და ადგილობრივ მოსახლეობას შორის დიდ და საზარელ ომში, სადაც ძალიან ბევრი სისხლი იღვრება. მე პირადად კმაყოფილი ვარ ამ თამაშით ძალიან სახალისოა მულტიფლეიერ მოდით სადაც მაგრად გაერთობით !აბა წარმატებები შორი კივილის მოყვარულებო !.The main character, Jason, traveled with friends relaxing strikingly beautiful tropical island. And there finds the captured pirates. Starting from this moment, your task - to survive at all costs. Jeisen drawn into the piratebsa and among the local population and in the terrible war in which so much blood spilled. I'm pretty satisfied with this game very fun for multiplayer Let's where hard to enjoy yourself!But success in the Far Cry lovers !.Главный герой, Джейсон, путешествовал с друзьями отдохнуть поразительно красивый тропический остров. И находит захваченных пиратов. Начиная с этого момента, ваша задача - выжить любой ценой. Джейсон был втянут в великой и страшной войны между местным населением и piratebsa, где пролитой столько крови. Я очень доволен этой игре очень весело для мультиплеера Давайте где трудно получить удовольствие!Но успех в любителей Дальний криокон !."
76561197971088813,Recommended,220240,492015,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Sloppy Joe,Best game I have played for sometime. Lots of side missions & achievements  . The islands are huge with plenty of hidden artifacts to find. Hours of fun to be had.
,Recommended,220240,32708405,Posted: 23 June,all,zack💯,ef u dnt lyk thz geme den u r gey
,Recommended,220240,32953105,Posted: 28 June,all,[K.G]<<<PAGOL MON~,Best open world game i have ever played...
,Recommended,220240,8002631,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Blubbermaggot,"Far Cry 3 is a decent enough game. It has its flaws, such as an unlikeable and unrelateable protagonist. It's supposedly set on an island in the Pacific, but instead of having its own identity, it feels more like a mash-up of touring a pirate/mercenary-ridden Hawaii with New Zealanders, South Africans and Australians.The combat is well done and the main characters are memorable. The level-up system works well too. The voice acting is good but some NPC's get annoying after a while. I played in 1920×1080 and the graphics looked fine; I only had one instance of a graphic bug in 35+ hours of play.One game play issue with using a game pad (I used X360) was the ""hold X to do something"" such as loot body, swap weapon, enter vehicle or enter door; all mapped to the same button -  which became frustrating during moments when I couldn't stop to see which option ""hold X"" would do.To me, tap X to loot or enter door, hold X to swap weapon or enter vehicle and remap reload to something like tap Y, and then hold Y to heal would have been better.Overall an enjoying experience.Requires Ubisoft's Uplay too so be prepared to deal with that."
76561198141294116,Recommended,220240,32686957,Posted: 23 June,all,eaglEye,Good game
,Recommended,220240,24175916,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,cguy21470,My favourite steam game. I don't know what others are talking about. I play is fine and works well. Hope to get FAR CRY 4 SOON. I know I haven't played much but it is awesome as I see it
,Not Recommended,220240,17062366,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Noman,Uplay
,Recommended,220240,4629474,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,🍺,Fun game. You still reading? You should be half way done buying this!
76561197972729524,Recommended,220240,600719,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Perus_TC,"The second best open world game I have ever played behind Saints Row The Third.If it wasn't for U(can't)Play and Ubisoft's lameness I would call it the best....period!Just for the record,the last time I played this game UPlay updated and proceeded to bypass the video driver and launch my vid card fan to WFO.When will publishers quit forcing their will on those who have NO interest in it?"
,Recommended,220240,7906804,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,REDWOOD,"I'm a little far behind on the times, but I made good use of 10 bucks this earlier this week to buy the discounted deluxe edition of Far Cry 3 while it was on the awesome Steam sale. I'll be upfront, I never played any of the Far Cry series before. Most of my FPS experience came from Halo, COD, Bioshock, Borderlands, pretty much most mainstream FPS titles.I had read the reviews and saw about everyone saying the same thing: ""this map is huge"" ... and that's no lie. I've put 25 hours into this game already and I have less than half of the map exposed. Let alone grabbing the trinkets that lie along the way.This game has a feel from some of the bigger games on the market. There are towers to open parts of the map, much like what was in Assassin's Creed. The map is massively open world, something that could be seen in the newest GTA. The side quests are never ending, and there's an element of Mass Effect for you. You're not limited to two weapons and 4 grenades like is seen in Halo, which is welcome.But what may be the coolest part of it all is how much it operates like something you may expect in a jungle. Items are crafted by hunting in the jungles. Animals behave like wild animals. Bears hunt deer, wild dogs attack, buffalo rampage, and even birds can be shot down. Experience is gained and perks are awarded the more you gain experience. But while the map is massive (and I mean, it is MASSIVE), it doesn't feel like it oversteps itself. The world blends in very nicely, graphic detail is spot on. One of my favorite perks is seeing cars and people move around on the map, regardless of where I am. I could be on a mountain on one side of the island, look through my sniper scope, and see action happening on the other side. It gives it a more lifelike feel, something that's tremendously well done in my opinion. There's no more of that annoying, slgith blip that you would find when a car or a person loads on the map on the other side of the door. It's already there.This is a game that you could easily launch 60, even 80+ hours in and still never finish it. But each item that you pick up (these could be relic, letters, etc) you gain additional experience, so while it's nice to have that 100% completion at the end of the game, you constantly are gaining experience and getting strong for each thing that you do. In fact, the only thing you won't gain experience from is walking or driving around. Shooting a simple deer gives you XP.Beyond that, there are also outposts in the map that you can take over from the pirates and give back to the native people.While I'm nowhere near beating this game, I haven't been so drawn into a game in I'm not sure how long. It certainly is a game worth getting, whether you've played the series before or not. It's a fantastic FPS game, with great storylines and great acting as well."
,Recommended,220240,7912884,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,𝓓𝓪𝓷𝓽𝒆,"Single-player is great, multiplayer pretty good, Map-editor = FAILURE"
,Recommended,220240,7932464,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Pango,Great story. Not sayin take the high road at the end but there's no regrets if you don't.
76561197969875942,Recommended,220240,16520448,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Dvine,Do whatever you want on a tropical island as your playground :pLots of fun!Below my first hour of gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeph5dTl4i8
,Recommended,220240,10963037,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PoonTangDougie,I recoment this game to gamers who love action games and open world games. This is a one of a kind game and is definitly  worth your money.
76561198046062439,Recommended,220240,25054576,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tragic Mike,Super awesome happy fun time.
76561198184931137,Recommended,220240,33602906,Posted: 17 July,all,Fr0Styy,Wow that is best game ever i played. Srsly i love this game so much. I have this game on the computer but i played the story on the xbox 360. First i will talk about the singleplayer. Sp you are playing jason a guy that come with his friends and his to brothers. In the first mission Vass caught you and ur friends and than you and your brother need to escape when planing a plan to save your friends With ur big brother called Grant Vaas shooting Grant and killing him and than Jason escape Vaas's camp alone. in the story you are trying to find and save your friends and your younger brother Riley. in the missions you are trying to kill Vaas's pirates and Vaas himself and you killing him The middle of the story. and in the story you are meeting a lot of people like Sem Willis Denis Citra Dr Earnhardt and Buck. some of the people are gonna die in the story and some of them not. after killing hoyt you are helping Willis to escape from the island and then from the north island you are jumping from the plane to the south island and this is Hoyt's island and then you are meeting Sam he is helping you to kill Hoyt when you killing him you are escaping with Riley. when you escaping from the south island youare getting to Dr earnhardt's house and Citra's guys called the rakyat burned the house and took Jason's friends. you are seeing Dr earnhardt too dying and he said to Jason let him die and go save his friends Jason did it and went to Citra's Temple. Now its the Final mission and Citra saying you to kill your friends and you have two options and this is save your friends or join to live with citra on the island and kill your friends. if you are choosing join citra so you are killing your friends and then you are ♥♥♥♥ing citra and the she kills you. if you choosing to save your friends so Dennis is angry at you and trying to kill you but accidentally Dennis killed Citra with his knife and then Citra dies. thats the end of Far Cry 3.Overall 9.5/10The best singleplayer i ever played.BB
,Recommended,220240,18080715,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Ninja Pepe society.gg,Really nice game if your PC can handle it.Nice stealth-action and i loved the soundtrack as well. 8.5/10 :)
,Recommended,220240,15989667,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,YouTube.com/ManRat,This has to be one of the BEST games (single player mode) that I have ever played.
,Recommended,220240,6734353,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Abdi,Great Game ;)
76561198045208825,Recommended,220240,10790559,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Shatiz,"***Get it cheap and play for gameplay, not the story. Kill pirates and be happy***You play as Jason, a member of a pack of spoiled rich kids trapped on an island after parachuting down to it only to be captured by pirates. The game is mainly killing said pirates, saving your friends and trying to get off the island.Shooting pirates is defintely the most... and pretty much only really fun thing in the game. Sneaking up on an encampment and trying to sneakily kill of the pirates without being seen is fun. The stealth mechanic works well (although sometimes enemies can see corpses that they should not be able to see). Overall the enemy AI is pretty good and the guns handle well.Unfortunately you are doing it in a fairly dead world mostly inhabited by people you can't talk to... and if you can you usually wish you couldn't since most of side-quests seem to be fetch quests or kill x animals. Clearing an encampment does change who patrols the area, but that seems to be the extent you can affect the island. Likewise, opening up communications just means you get more weapons for free. There are animals and pirates out in the world the world is pretty... but that does not make it feel alive. There is very little character to the island or the people there and therefore it is hard to care.The same story has the same problem with mostly unlikeable characters and poorly developed villains. Your only interaction with them is as they talk to you after capturing you for the 51th time. The main story line does give some missions that are somewhat fun (the ones that are pretty much specially designed encampment missions), but it is also mired in QTE's and tower segments. They also provide the only real challange in the game since they force you into fighting in the open and you sometimes have characters with you that are not allowed to die. Otherwise the game is very very easy, even on the highest setting. Actually, the only thing the higher setting seemed to do that I could tell was to add more enemies, make animals more powerful and speed up reinforcements. Which of course makes stealth even more important.Overall I enjoyed the gameplay and I would still recommend the game based on that. The boring character's and lackluster life of the island did take away some of the enjoyment though."
,Recommended,220240,18117035,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,犬神,just a life..
,Recommended,220240,6924956,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,Cookies WITH POWER,♥♥♥♥ing Fun!!!
,Recommended,220240,33619282,Posted: 17 July,all,Sharper,"Good story, entertaining gameplay. You can enjoy the game if Uplay persuades itself to start and launch the game. Other than this, good work."
,Recommended,220240,9347138,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,NoodleArms,"Didn't cry far enough, misleading title.Otherwise great game.6/9"
,Recommended,220240,18589326,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Johnny,"After beating up the whole game...First things first: it's cool, no matter what they say, it's cool. If it's on sale, buy it, you won't regret it, believe me!FarCry 3 is that kinda of game you play a lot, and then stop playing, and then play again, and then stop playing, and then play again until you beat the game!It's an immersive -maybe not that much- sandbox game with an awesome but short campaing. I mean, it doesn't take much for you to beat the main campaing, specially if you play it on REGULAR difficulty -which sucks a lot. What makes this game an enjoyable experience, is the fact that you've got side quests and spots to claim/fight for your tribe. There's no way to choose your path to the final battle -it's kinda disappointing but whatever. However, in the end, you'll be able to choose between two choices, which I'll not tell yah, but I assume you must already know, 'cause this game's been on the market for some years!I completed everything I could, besides the side quests, because they're boring and they suck!Bad and boring stuffThere's no variations of enemies' skin, they're literally the same!All the towers you might fight and claim look the same, with again, no variation!Hunting is boring!Side quests suck!Enemies sometimes are stupid, but it's okay..."
,Recommended,220240,11409325,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,c5,"Far Cry 3 is a great game and an example of how a sequel should be. While Far Cry 2 had good ideas and was even brilliant in places, I oftentimes found myself bored with it. Far Cry 3 takes what was good about Far Cry 2 and expands on it, while cutting out or seriously improving on the stuff that didn't work.Gameplaywise, the initial setup looks a great deal like Far Cry 2, dropping you into a gorgeous open world and letting you go about story objectives and side missions in whatever way you want to. The missions are mostly very open and generally give you a great deal of freedom. If you want to go into something guns blazing, you can do that. If you want to sneak around and take out everyone unseen, you can do that as well. Oftentimes attempts at stealth will go awry, turning everything into a chaotic rush to either get out of the situation or find some way to defeat the enemies with what you have. The battles are dynamic and the emergent gameplay this game has is wonderful. This was great in Far Cry 2 and it's great in Far Cry 3. One issue with Far Cry 2 is that everytime you completed a mission, you literally had to drive back to the center of the map to get the next one. This was extremely boring and led you to traverse the same areas of the map over and over again. Far Cry 3 alleviates this by giving you the location of your next mission as soon as you finish the previous one, which gives a nice feeling of progress and keeps you moving through areas of the island you haven't seen yet. It also allows for a fast travel option, which allows you to go to any friendly outpost you've been to before, which greatly expedites things. Furthermore, if you clear an outpost, the enemies stay dead, as opposed to Far Cry 2 where enemies would respawn (meaning you would have to fight the same battle many times). Side missions in Far Cry 2 were repetitive and unrewarding, but the sidemissions in Far Cry 3 have much more variety and give you a real sense of progress. Also, the guns feel much better this time around. In Far Cry 2, the weapons felt weak and unsatisfying, but in 3 they pack a real punch. Far Cry 3 has an RPG style levelling system that lets you upgrade your skills (including getting new melee attacks), and it's very enjoyable to level up and discover new abilities.In terms of storyline, this game is miles above its predecessor. Far Cry 2 wanted to tell a raw, gritty story of war in an impoverished land, but forgot to make you care, and more or less forgot to have a storyline five minutes after the intro. Both sides of whatever conflict was going on were basically identical and the game didn't give you any reason to care about one or the other, and none of the characters were given any kind of personality or storyline. Furthermore, the villain had no sense of presence and you had no reason to want to go after him, other than that it was your job. Far Cry 3 on the other hand, blows its predecessor's story out of the water. Right off the bat, you are introduced to Vaas, a human traficker who has kidnapped you and your friends. Vaas is one of the most memorable villains I've seen in a game, and is brought to life wonderfully through a combination of brilliant voice acting and incredibly natural animation. His presence permeates through the game and he imposes a real sense of menace on the world. The supporting cast is awesome as well, and you'll meet a wide variety of great characters. As you save your friends and become more accustomed to the world, the main character, Jason Brody, goes through an interesting progression, and it's fascinating to see how he develops through the game.Graphically, this game is gorgeous, and it performs very well. I have a GTX 780 (6gb vram edition), and on ultra settings, I usually got at minimum 40 FPS, although it was generally higher than that (at least when I ran fraps). Character models are extremely detailed and well animated. Foliage also looks great, and the lighting is brilliant as well. At times, the game looks almost pre-rendered. It truly is a nice looking game.Overall, Far Cry 3 is great. It improves on Far Cry 2 in every regard and gives you a ton of content for your money."
76561198007479729,Recommended,220240,11014677,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,gfmech,"Pretty fun open world FPS.  You can fast travel, but I found it entertaining enough to walk/drive around the map most of the time.  The story goes at a pretty good pace the whole time, and the side quests are a good break.  Really nice game; good length."
,Recommended,220240,8566097,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Metal X Reaper,if you like gta 4 or 5 or skyrim and stuff like that you would like this game it like Mw3 and gta and skyrim freedom to go anywhere really and the co-op it like L4D2 and it got much more to offer but i hate crocodiles jumping that will make u jump of your skin really what i did when i saw it for the first time (SCARY)
76561198104599109,Recommended,220240,25153461,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fletcher St-Germain,Holy crap is this game good
76561198039434754,Recommended,220240,8530845,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mr Long Pants,"My second favourite game of 2013. I know it came out late 2012 but by the time I played it it was 2013 so sue me.The story could have been a little better but what it is is fine for the game. It's basically like the fourth Rambo film only instead of you and your idiot friends getting captured and needin to be saved by Stallone you need to become Rambo yourself and in doing so you start to go a little blood simple. These are interesting themes to be brought up in a FPS, more could have been done with them but that would have taken away from how fun the game was.Make a game focused on fun people complain the story is a 14 year olds childish hero fantasy, GTA4 tells a more serious story and people complain that the game is taking itself too seriously. Go figure.The gameplay in this is just fantastic, I really did feel like I was in the driving seat the whole time. As I got better at the gameplay mechanics and upgrading my character Jason Brody himself was getting better at killing people too.Really great game that was made be developers who weren't so stuck up in their own pretentiousness to just give us a game we would enjoy. Highly recommended."
76561198012481441,Recommended,220240,8578678,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Trojan1111,Awesome game. Great world. Story is cliched.
,Recommended,220240,14056997,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Jerry Smartfeld,"Strapped a bomb to a turtle, waited 2 hours for the turtle to walk inside the nearest  outpost, detonated the bomb10/10"
,Recommended,220240,2973022,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Life is Strange,One of the greatest games of the decade. BUY IT
76561198083526405,Recommended,220240,14306050,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,ChurroEater543,"Wow i luv dis game<3. One of the best fps experiences ive had in a while, great story, awesome weapons, and a pretty solid multiplayer. Its worth the money, for sure. Far Cry 4 is 4 skrubs. i'll just play this game again."
76561198024241089,Recommended,220240,21699421,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Gorkzillah,It has Malaria only if you want to.
,Recommended,220240,10686546,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ClintChil,Much better than I expected it to be. Scratches that open world FPS itch while we wait for Fallout 4.
,Recommended,220240,10592336,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,I'm a photographer,"Great game, co op is lacking but single player is fantastic."
76561197976645268,Not Recommended,220240,10728876,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dakki,I missed the feral asspects from the previous games.Not a bad game but definitely over ratedThe boss fights and script were dumb.
,Recommended,220240,7874469,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Hjaldrgud,Goty
76561198074372233,Not Recommended,220240,13618510,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,God Has Left Us,"This WOULD be positive if it werent for uplay. I made a second account, forgot the password for the first one, so I WAS ♥♥♥♥ING ROBBED AND I EITHER NEED A REFUND OR ANOTHER CODE. Dont buy until uplay is removed"
,Recommended,220240,10541800,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Biohazard Crow™,"Hours upon Hours of entertainment. Really.If youre a fan of open worl game, this is a must. Massive open world and plenty of things to do in it, not an easy game to get bored of."
76561198117272065,Recommended,220240,30563145,Posted: 16 March,all,Sang Maddog,ไกลตะโกน is gud
76561198125768258,Not Recommended,220240,19295209,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,AFR0N1,Firstly it autosaves forever and never finishes secondly if you run it as admin the game wont start!
76561198241468108,Recommended,220240,33393548,Posted: 8 July,all,Sir Integra,"After spending around 20 hours in about a weeks time, well that should tell you how well thought out this game is in how it takes you anywhere you want to go. The open world was new to me but the game nudges you along if or when the time comes to progress farther into the game. You can ignore the main goals for a bit and do anything you want collecting the ‘items’ needed to get even more cool stuff and guns.Rewards you for stealth a lot but it’s challenging as wild animals come and go as they please with some attaching you while in the middle of silently stabbing your enemies. There’s a strategy for a few groups of animals which differs from others. While feeling a sense of satisfaction to shotguning the crap out of some birds face it does attract any surrounding terrorist to your current location... (sigh) but still soo worth it. Levels on levels of being prepared for anything to happen either in your favor or against you is both fun and sometimes very irritating. @#$% them tigers!Game play really reminds me of the Tomb Raider 2013 and rise of the tomb raider in how you craft, skill points from XP points, relics, bow, shotgun, killing animals ect … only far cry 3 as one holy-mother-crap huge map.Was also hesitant on dipping into the world of Uplay as I’ve heard some gripes about it but after the first 20 min of downloading files, setting up account crap, linking steam to uplay, I’ve had no issues and simply hit the play button in Steam and it fires right up in seconds. I’ve not gotten burned with Uplay and really thinking about getting far cry 4."
76561198199758945,Recommended,220240,16584300,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,BlackPearlAir,10/10
,Recommended,220240,16588119,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,red2awn,I like this game but with uplay launcher -> uDONTplayI can't even log into the uplay launcher.
76561198012057266,Recommended,220240,16582603,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Bilbo391,Shot someone with the AMR. Flew across village. Opened cage releasing bear. Captured village. 10/10
,Recommended,220240,20551576,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,dynamic bandit,"First and only game of the series I've played so far, and it set the bar pretty high. Even in 2016 and with Primal coming out, I'd still recommend. Great story line and solid gameplay. No issues on windows 8 like some older games have. The down side would be that you have to go through Uplay, even if you buy it through Steam. The set up of the account and registering it is kind of annoying but all went smoothly."
,Recommended,220240,20504345,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pumpkin man,"Look I know Uplay is annoying, but It's even more annoying if people say this game sucks only because of Uplay. Those people don't really know how to review Ubisoft games.Anyway, I love this game! I like the FPS action! It has great Open world, graphics ( for 2012. . . reviewing this in 2016 ) And I gotta say. . . If anyone wonder if this game is still fun to play until now, FOR ME, the game aged well. For me at least, I don't know about you. But for me, What make this game succeded, is the villian Vaas!  Heck, I'll tell you this, if I get to rate Vaas. . . It will be a 10/10 best villian of 2012 or . . . one of the best villian of all time!However the game can have flaws of course. Firstly for me, This game multiplayer is not good, I have a few framerate drop in my walkthrough, and what's even worse: EVERY BOSS FIGHT IS QUICK TIME EVENTS!!!! It's sucks for me. Especially when I fought Vaas ( which is also QTE ). One of the bad thing is Vaas didn't appear much. I think the total time I saw him is around 15-20 minutes, What the heck! And last but not least. . . Of course. . . . UplayAnyway that's what I think about the game. Maybe some people may not aggree, but that's mineIf my review sucks. . . Check my favorite reviewer: Angry joehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sthdNBoMJBQ"
,Recommended,220240,25000288,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Chaohedgehog,It's a great open world game with a bunch of fun elements. The only letdowns are the final boss and the quicktime confrotations.
,Recommended,220240,16591915,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,HowToNoT #MicroMayoWave,just plain awesomeness packed in one game!
76561198075042684,Recommended,220240,10570859,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,PistenBully,its ok
76561198014458485,Recommended,220240,7955749,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Not a Good Player,F**k you if you dont want to buy this game!
76561198043686750,Recommended,220240,10776828,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,<):-|,Worst Pov porn ever 10/10 would not play again
,Recommended,220240,1623568,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Minty,"Excellent Game, highly recommended"
,Recommended,220240,1002460,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,Cam,"Good game, good graphics, most fun I've ever had doing side missions,♥♥♥♥♥♥story. More Vaas."
,Recommended,220240,13014796,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Yureina,"A bunch of pretentious 20-somethings go on a vacation to do ""cool"" stuff before suddenly getting captured by slavers on a South Pacific Island they had the misfortune of skydiving onto. Your character escapes and then goes off to try to free the rest of your merry band of friends.Since I'm already here, I'm going to start with story. Frankly, I found it to be the weakest part of the entire game. Having had basically no interaction with these people I am trying to save, I find it hard to care about them. I know the player character cares about them, but I, the player, have no reasons of my own. The other characters are a mixed bag of competence (Dennis, Sam), bleh (Citra, Volker), and above average (Jason, Vaas, Buck). And the only reason I put Buck up there is that he was the only villain that made me geniunely want to kill him. Sadly the game didnt let me choose how... :(So some poor character development in some areas, and then the plot makes some very abrupt shifts that made me either go ""WTF"" or just lose understanding of events. Partcularly at the game's ending missions and the final encounter with Vaas. They ended so quickly and rushed onto the next plot point that I was left scratching my head wondering if I had missed something. There are a number of story areas they could have done much better, but those two for sure.And if it wasn't for the gameplay, I'd probably throw this game off a bridge for making character/plot mistakes like that.But FC3 has gameplay, and much of it is pretty cool. One of the few open world sandboxes that feels truly ""alive"" as I came across countless unscripted encounters. Animals kill eachother, animals kill people, and... people kill other people quite alot. Being something of an animal lover (or at least someone who finds hurting animals distasteful), I was rather disturbed by the amount of animal killing that went on in this game. It made me sad to shoot playful dogs, beautiful tigers, or huggly bears throughout my entire time playing this. In fact, unless it was absolutely necessary ('this one is gonna kill me!' or 'I need animal stuffs to make this upgrade') I tried my best to leave the critters alone.There are also alot of different weapons, and you can carry 4 at a time when fully upgraded. You can also customize those weapons quite a bit to fit with your particular style. This ensures that you are able to play in the sandbox however you so choose. Do you prefer to go ""native"" with just a bow and a knife? Or to load up on silenced weaponry and take out entire outposts without them ever knowing you were there? Or are you the sort of person that handles life's problems with automatic weapons, flamethrowers, and rocket launchers? All of those will work, though sneakiness gives you more XP, as usual. Still, I had great fun playing like I was some kind of special forces commando, just as I did when I stormed in and either set everything on fire or just blew it up. Usually both.Anyway, its a big open world place with lots of stuff to mess with. Plenty to occupy ones time for a few dozen hours if not more. Fans of big sandbox games should feel right at home here. Sadly, I think the devs might have spent too much time getting their bears to be menacing and huggly, and too little time on developing characters and making a less failure of an ending.So... Yey for gameplay funtimes and sandbox adventures, but boo for story and (most) characters. Sadly I can only say ""yes"" or ""no"" on Steam rather than ""Maybe.""I'm going to choose yes because whatever failures the plot has is outweighed by the fact that this game allows me to just run around the jungles sniping people at one place and completely burning out the next. Yay!"
76561198077987627,Recommended,220240,28337596,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Jonathan Taylor Thomas,"This game is amazing. If you want a FPS that is open world, this is a great one to jump into since there is a ton of nice gameplay and a good lot of things to do.Despite being a total blast, honestly, the story irks me in more ways than one.It swapped a ""save your friends and escape pirates"" thriller to become what the game truly is: Massacring evil pirates that deserve it in the most bad-*** ways possible.Not that the second part of that is even bad, it's just that the game blatantly lies to you about what it is when you jump into it. (Spoilers ahead, but as I said the story isn't worth much anyways).Let me give it to you this way. You are a socialite college kid on a trip with your best friends. You've never killed in your life. You worry about relationships and normal people things. You go to bars and party. You get kidnapped by pirates. These pirates scare you, keeping you for ransom, generally making you pee your pants. Not knowing what to do, your older military(?) brother leads you to an escape, and after the head ""I am de capitan naow"" kills your sibling, you get chased through the jungle while your flight instinct kicks into overdrive. You lose everything. You escape the prison camp, get rescued, and not even 2 seconds later you are leading a charge into an enemy outpost and gutting people with machetes. That's not an exaggeration, it's the next thing you do and the first thing you learn. Not even that long later, you find all of your conviniently alive friends... and then don't leave the island, because the game just switched antagonists and now you are psychotic warrior with a bloodlust. Talk about pacing.Had it just presented it like that from the beginning I still would have enjoyed the game, but it threw probably one of the most suspenseful taglines down the drain to become one of those games where you remove the criminal scum from a potentially nice place and save the values of the free world in the process.It's not boring, it's not a grind, but the story is a lie, and the character development of the protagonist from a college kid into a warlord is just putrid and rushed. And the worst part is that Vaas, that guy in the red tank on the cover - he's only your enemy for not even half of the game. Despite being a very believable crazy warlord character that is perfect for this flavor of game, he hardly lasts long. You know what I mean. Don't pretend you don't. And the guy they replace him with is just generic to the point of being laughable.There was so much potential with drawing out the ""saving your friends"" arch but most of your pals that you are lead to believe are important hardly have any lines or much of a personality beyond what you see in the first few hours. Had they just made it about your friends (and actually gave them character development) this might have been my favorite shooter. Like... they don't even help you. It's not even a team effort once you ""liberate"" everyone. That's how much they messed it up. You switch friends and the story continues on, with resident batman Jason Brozinsky, taking down all who share one of under 10 reused pirate models. Seriously. You go from some kid to Rambo in not even an hour after you finish the prologue. What are your friend's names again?So don't buy it for the story, instead, buy it for the beautiful map with a ton of lore, the fact that you can drop onto an enemy from the sky and then in one fell swoop take all of his buddies with him, and the fact that you can take down entire strongholds without being seen due to a great stealth system."
76561198142351568,Recommended,220240,12695407,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,AuntyPatty,"This is by far, excuse the pin. the best game i have ever played, amazing visuals, fatastic and interestings characters, epic takedowns... i could go on and on. the story is well thought out and overall the game is well worth playing. i can honestly say i've played this game 6 times all the way through and have enjoyed it just as much as the first time i played it, every time!Trust me if you get this game, you will not be dissapointed in anyway."
,Recommended,220240,14148944,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,w!ZoR*,Nice open world with nice graphics. Awesome range of craft and find items.
,Recommended,220240,29870002,Posted: 12 February,all,Frits,"Far Cry 3follows the usual Ubisoft Open World Recipe™. Lots of (meaningless) collectibles to collect, watchtowers to climb and enemy bases to capture. This was the first ubi open world game I played, so the concept was still new to me. This game allows you to play a 'normal' character that quickly changes into a complete rambo badass. The variety of weapons is really cool and most missions allow various approaches which leaves some very welcome room for your creativity. Near the end of the game the story couldn't really keep me bothered, but the high octane action, good pc port and great graphics kept me playing through till the end.Note: If you've played a lot of UbiOpenWorld™ games, this game might not be worth it because it's basically the same as all the others."
,Recommended,220240,10138008,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Zell,"This game is really buggy, and you have to use Uplay...Other than those 2 issues, this game is really fun playing, even a second time through. Definitely worth buying when on sale."
76561198046579309,Recommended,220240,5220705,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,*DKG*™ Oscari33,"great game, good attention to detail 94/100"
,Recommended,220240,13976362,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,The Fapaholic,for me the best far cry game out there !
,Recommended,220240,4591115,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,^1druid,"Its story is probably the most versatile i have seen a game go in a reaaaaaaly loong time. Very fun, Worth every penny."
,Recommended,220240,12950324,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,rashid,i r8 8/8 no h8 m8
,Recommended,220240,13753222,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Sulfurik,"So i just bought this game on sale thinking ""Eh, its something to play time from time"" but really. im hooked to this game already. More addicting 10/10 would gut a leopard again - IGN"
,Recommended,220240,5541363,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,MℜSqƱifler®™,"Far Cry 3This review is subjective and entirely my own opinion, feel free to agree or disagree with it.Far Cry 3 may well be one of my favourite games, it is truly a great FPS with one of the best antagonists in gaming, although the plot leaves little to be desired.ProsAn amazing antagonist, Vass is truly terrifying.Fantastic shooting mechanics, all of the guns feel great and being able to customise them makes each gun feel unique.Rook Island looks and feels great. It has some gorgeous landscapes and brilliant wildlife.Driving is sufficient, it is neither good or bad.Great voice acting from all of the characters, although some cutscenes have strange audio bugs which will cause their audio levels to drop slightly.The world has some interesting history.Multiplayer, while now being extinct and generic was still very fun.Co-op campaign was very buggy for me and my friend, but it was amusing, a great addition but you won't kick yourself if you don't play it.Map editor is easy to use and a lot of fun, downloading user created maps can add so much more to the game.Great soundtrack, Brain Tyler did a very good job and there is a sequence that features a great song by Skrillex and Damien Marley.Great optimisation, which is very rare with a Ubisoft game. Plenty of options for adjusting the game and almost no drops below 60fps.ConsA few bugs and glitches.If you care about it the multiplayer and co-op are practically extinct. You may find other players for cooperative play on forums, though.SummaryThis game is great, whether you pay full price or buy it on a sale it is definitely worth the money. With some great characters, gorgeous graphics, responsive controls and a decent story you will easily get several hours out of this game."
,Recommended,220240,21227739,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Rob,"This has the best story of any Far Cry game and probably the best mechanics.  If you're new to the series, get this one."
,Recommended,220240,6592518,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,CouthInk4,This is by far the best game i have ever played. Words can't explain how much this game is worth playing. I don't use this word often but whenever it's for this game i always use it... This game is EPICALLY AWESOM! I highly reccomend buying this game... You won't regret it:)
76561198080001549,Recommended,220240,28760890,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ConsultingCookie,"I love it, it's one of my favourites!"
76561198133072604,Recommended,220240,22096988,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,=CHS= Metro Man,I may be late but this game deserves 10/10.
,Recommended,220240,28618833,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Paculz,Very good story
76561198024806381,Recommended,220240,9929574,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,DR. HEALSGOOD,"Love the game! It have nice graphics, and amazing gameplay! I higly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,220240,10247258,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,KM,Awesome :)
,Recommended,220240,14469422,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,h,"Great game. There's always something to do wether it's tackling missions, liberating outposts, climbing radio stations etc! Really like playing this game as it's easy to get into."
,Recommended,220240,27043526,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hooke,One of the best games I've played. I could still play it it 2020 without getting bored! :D
,Recommended,220240,33741786,Posted: 23 July,all,tanqk,Pros:-The GameCons:-Uplay
,Recommended,220240,27787226,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JithHappens,"One of the best open world games out there. It still feels so fresh after all these years, standing ""The Test Of Time"". Rook island itself is very picturesque, plenty of wildlife, weapons & transportation modes as well. It provides such an immersive experience that very few games can match. Skyrim comes close."
,Recommended,220240,25309404,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,i ate all your bees,"I spent an hour sat near a bridge watching AI drive into eachother before their trucks exploded, or they simply drove past the bridge and into the water below.10/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,220240,10539810,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,tippo falangus,co-op and multi player are nothing to be proud of but the gamplay and the story is great i would  recommend people to play it.
,Recommended,220240,22899438,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Craftosaur,it would be good if i could launch itedit: nvm i can launch it now9.8/10 too much water
76561198065012756,Recommended,220240,12985632,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Varanen,I love this game. It´s awsome. Can´t wait for the Far Cry 4 to come out.
76561198051293941,Recommended,220240,10921500,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Spuffy Dragon,This game is amazing and is a must bye.I have found nothing wrong wit this game.GET IT!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220240,19942466,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Thaxs (Axel),"The Island - A beautiful Island to explore and conquer. 10/10Map and transportation - Not a fan of tower based map discovering, syncs. Like assassins creed this can get VERY repetative and sometimes annoying. 4 Points deducted because of this. The rest of the map desgin works well and is informative. Fast travel is great.  6/10The story - The start of the story is excellent but then goes a bit downhill. The story picks up again after and gets incredible. The escapes during missions are predictable and almost always the same. Overall 9.5/10The Inventory/upgradable bags/ammunition/slots - Really? I am only able to carry 22 bullets? This in theory could have been excellent. Instead they OVER did it and you have to spend your initial hours just hunting animals to get biggest loot bags, ammo bags, wallet, etc. The initial hours should be spent doing absorbing missions to get you addicted to the game. This broke immersion for me. The game should have started out with a decent amount of ammo and bags and give the players a CHOICE to upgrade them. Items should also be stackable.3/10Crafting system - Good but I can think of a few improvements that they should have made, and the items you can craft out plants should be much more powerful. I ended up not bothering. 7/10Loot and weapon system - Varied and modifiable guns. Execllent 10/10Skill system - Lots of choice to help define your characters playstyle and mastery. 10/10Gameplay - Overall very positive. Great fun! 27/30"
,Recommended,220240,33938015,Posted: 31 July,all,☭Chabster☭,its good
,Recommended,220240,27506804,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Squishy,One of the best endings to a game ever.
76561198067303610,Recommended,220240,24617610,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,oneguyonecat,FUN SAND BOX
,Recommended,220240,24264471,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Meeko,Amazing game :) in my lif +1 repppooootacion
76561198063579506,Recommended,220240,10592105,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,little pete,how do i poop
,Recommended,220240,30342082,Posted: 5 March,all,Explicit,"Hi folks!I played it not much, but what I discovered was that almost nobody plays multiplayer? Maybe because of the great storyline? I dont know, but it can be fun to play online too..."
,Recommended,220240,12989635,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Bryce,"Amazing, a must get.10/10"
76561198014242486,Recommended,220240,34091303,Posted: 7 August,all,Polifimia,"Far Cry 3 comes in the acclaimed series starting with the original Far Cry, which was for its era a pioneering game. The third entry is a first-person shooter that combines elements of the original open-world of Far Cry, a huge variety of side quests a la GTA, with small touches of Tomb Raider and Assasin´s Creed.It manages to surpass the original in every aspect and manages to become a reference for this game kind.Pros:+ vast environment with tons of quests to do and places to explore by climbing, paragliding and swimming+ excellent graphics, effects and animations+ memorable villains and some very interesting secondary characters, all presented through well-thoughout dialogs and a main story with shocking and mature-oriented moments+ variety in arsenal, different play styles from stealth to full-gun blazing+ nice music (especially at the very end :)) and sound effects+ game duration can be tuned according to player, most quests are optional; tons of achievements and tasks for the completionistsCons:- some quests can become a bit repeated towards the end, same for the environment which always remains jungle-like- some parts of the main quest do not make a lot of sense.The friends are trying to escape through a boat which rests at the top of a mountain? What boat is this - Noah´s ark? Same for some ""cheap"" moments when the protagonist avoids death- music beat can be a bit distracting in some battle moments- second island is perhaps less interesting and challenging than the first one- connection to uplay is obligatory to play even if you open it through steamAll in all, a real gem and a must-play action game that defines the standards for the genre. This is how sequels should be made."
,Recommended,220240,34029116,Posted: 4 August,all,Ch1QuinH@,It's suck a great game.
76561198078418628,Recommended,220240,33864044,Posted: 28 July,all,AlphaBear ʕo ᴥ oʔ,The Best Game I have ever ever ever played <3
,Recommended,220240,34029243,Posted: 4 August,all,|TRG| DigiPar,"""I DON'T NEED 10 FINGERS TO USE A KNIFE!!!!!""10/10 Would bet my life in poker again"
,Not Recommended,220240,13036550,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,transgender vegan femenist,uplay sucks
76561198155587333,Recommended,220240,33898019,Posted: 29 July,all,Thicc Muffins,"""WHY ARE THERE SO MANY TIGERS IN ONE PLACE?! IT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SE-""usually my last words before dying in-game."
,Recommended,220240,13236791,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,#applepockets✨,> Drive off cliff> Flip 2 times> Barely escape exploding vehicle> Get jumped by tiger> 1v5 pirates and get pumped full of bullets> On the verge of death*snaps thumb back in place*All better.  8/8.
,Recommended,220240,13545453,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Bastion,An enjoyable open-world FPS.
76561198122847509,Recommended,220240,22934124,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Ricochet,"This is one of the better single player games I've played in a long while. The combat is effective, the graphics are quite good, and the story is one of the better written I've seen. I've played both Far Cry 4 and Primal, and I must admit that Far Cry 3 is the best of the series, maybe not in gameplay or graphics (although there isn't much difference) the story of Far Cry 3 makes up for all of that. Unfortunately, theres the ending. Play the game through and ignore the ending. Make up your own. The ending of Far Cry 3 is rather anemic considering how much character development went into the protagonist.So, great game, great story, bad ending.9/10 recommended"
,Recommended,220240,20292569,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mammoth Codpiece,"Edit (11/28/16): Nominated for ""Villain Most In Need Of A Hug"" AwardI give this game an 8/10. (Single-player only; I have not touched multi-player.)I disliked Far Cry 2 because it was repetitive and seemed like an exercise in futility--with entire enemy camps respawning in what seemed like no time. I stopped playing about 6 hours into Far Cry 2. But I read good reviews of Far Cry 3, bought it cheap a while back, and just recently played it. For a while, I thought it might be just more of the same.But I can tell you the exact moment I discovered I was having a hell-of-a-time playing Far Cry 3. for some reason, I had started liberating camps one by one from the pirates, usually by stealth with the sniper rifle, but sometimes by brute force. I came to this one small camp with about six guards fairly tightly bunched up in the yard. I stealthed up a ladder to the top of a building to take out the lone sniper that was covering the camp. How to take out the rest of the pirates? I noticed that there was a caged tiger in the camp. I could use that to even the odds a little against the other pirates, so I shot open the cage. Even if it killed one or two of them, that would make my job easier. I watched from my hiding place as the angry tiger took out one of the pirates. Then two. Then--holy crap--it took out a third as they were shooting at it. Then a fourth. That tiger managed to kill all the remaining pirates and liberate the camp for me! And lucky for me, he couldn't climb the ladder to my safe little hiding place. As I turned to watch the incoming Rakyat, to see if they would mop up that tiger for me--I felt myself being mauled in the back by an angry, wounded tiger! Unbeknownst to me there was, on the other side, a happy tiger STAIRWAY up to the top of the building I was perched upon. With only a shred of health left, I quickly turned and shot the tiger with the few remaining bullets in my clip. Lol. I will never forget that moment.So yeah, I fully enjoyed this game. Some high points were doing hunter quests to craft better bags, some of the intense combat set pieces, tomb-raider-esque puzzle solving, and, of course, sniping enemy camps. Stand-out performance by Michael Mando as Vaas. Negatives: The inventory system is crap. And towards the end I felt like I was accumulating lots of money with nothing really to buy. The story was totally implausible, and I despised the whiny rich white kid protagonist and his whiny rich white kid friends. Ugh. The Citra ending is pretty much what this kid deserves.Doubt I will be buying another Far Cry game since it looks like it's become a money grab with more-of-the-same. But I admit I enjoyed playing Far Cry 3."
,Recommended,220240,21720687,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","if you don't know the definition of insanity, you will soon"
,Recommended,220240,32741614,Posted: 24 June,all,SoldierSZ,Make it bun dem. - 10/10 would burn again.
,Recommended,220240,28810455,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sizzle,1 ofMy favoritegames10 out10
,Recommended,220240,14440686,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Mr. Pink,"I got this game a good while back during a steam sale and wasn't able to fully enjoy it's playability because my last graphics card was just barely good enough to run it on the lowest settings. I was planning on upgrading, but realized a whole new computer was better suited for any games I really wanted to play. Far Cry 3 was the first title I played when I got my new computer and it runs like a charm. The gameplay reminded me of Fallout 3 while the story was like that of Uncharted, these being two of my favorite modern games. I can safely say that Ubisoft has an actual videogame series that I would consider playing and revisiting, unlike the Assassin's Creed games, which is a series that has just been milked so much it has lost all the fun and exciting adventure to it's promising formula. Far Cry 3 may be repetitive and tedious at times, but it makes up for that by providing an exilarating story with some of the best characters (and voice actors) I've every witnessed on a gaming screen. I recomend this game and hopefully will be experiencing the new Far Cry 4 as well."
76561197961775719,Recommended,220240,14443113,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,DrunkMonk,I got the game at a steam sale for 75% off.  This game was value for money.  I got ~50 hours of play time out of this.  Hard to beat…I like to play stealthy or sniper like.  I was able to combine both and have a good time liberating all the little villages and doing the main story line following my game play preferences.  The homage to Apocalypse Now (helicopter battle with Flight of the Valkyries blasting…) in the final battle was pure mayhem and made me laugh even though it goes counter to my preferred play style.It’s a great game.I would look to the next sale or next price reduction and pick it and just enjoy it for what it is…
76561198036821620,Recommended,220240,33276226,Posted: 5 July,all,Nickdarkjohn™,"Let me begin by saying this game is truly something else. I personaly love everything about it. Two very important elements set Far Cry 3 apart from nearly every other FPS out there, those elements being story and gameplay. I'll start off with the story. The story for this game is truly unique. It starts off as clichéd as your typical B action movie but it eventually changes into something completely unexpected.The game's primary focus in the beginning is to save your friends from some evil pirates but the plot twists about half way through and your character begins exploring some dark and very uncomfortable realms. Without spoiling anything, you'll want to replay this story due to the sheer amount of possibilities the game allows. That's where the element of gameplay comes in. Far Cry 3 has your standard FPS mechanics and a plethora of weapons and attachments, alongside ""amazing"" enemy AI, dangerous wild animals, and a huge tropical island to explore. The missions can all be done in different ways, whether you prefer stealth with silenced weapons, or go in guns blazing with a rocket launcher and grenades, player choice is a key element and I believe that makes the game superior.Besides the story missions you can also hunt wild animals, take over enemy bases, engage in side quests for the Rakyat tribe, compete in races, fly on hang gliders, skydive, or just explore the island at your leisure. Far Cry 3's story will really make you think about what you're doing and why you're doing it (at least it made me), the main character delves deeper and deeper into uncomfortable (for some) realms and insanity, which I will not go into detail about in this review, but they're definitely worth playing through the game to see.Jason Brody's (the protagonist) transformation is one that will leave you questioning yourself at certain points, especially at the game's ending. Also the music is great!"
76561198020039438,Recommended,220240,11132666,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Spookylicious,Holy Boley Moley play this now
,Recommended,220240,23535672,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,tjr | Hail Caesar,"As you can see from my playtime, of only 10.8 hours, my save file got corrupted. It's a wonderful game it really is.  9.5/10"
,Recommended,220240,10590066,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Caviac,lets you throw rocks at innocent citizens but discourages killing them10/10 for the messages it teaches
,Recommended,220240,17673563,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Patrik Person,Has a great story and it is very fun to play.
,Recommended,220240,31261958,Posted: 20 April,all,Rollz,Gud
76561198077257247,Recommended,220240,33192463,Posted: 3 July,all,Jugg3rNau7,the best
76561197972140596,Recommended,220240,13668530,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Kelso,"If you follow games at all, you already know that Far Cry 3 is one of the best, most immersive single-player first-person shooters to come along in years. It combines a chilling story, thought-provoking themes, solid gunplay, beautiful graphics, an excellent soundtrack, and jam-packs all of them into an expansive and immersive open-world that is just as fun to explore as it is to kill baddies in.The intriguing main storyline will pull you in from the start. The main character undergoes a bone-chilling and believable transformation from a priveleged, pampered rich boy to an angry, ston-cold killer. The rest of the story is also full of complex and entertaining characters (not to mention one of the best villains in recent memory), and yet you will be just as pulled in by the opportunities to hunt, craft, kill pirates, liberate forts, and explore the beautiful Rook Island for side-quests, relics and assorted goodies that allow you to build up your skills and expand your arsenal.The combat, while far form the only draw, is exceptional. In this open-world, the choice is yours: would you prefer to go in stealthy, set-up shop on a tall hillside with your silenced sniper rifle, or go in guns blazing with a wide variety of SMGs, shotguns, assault rifles, and explosives? The shooting mechanics are very well done - the guns have a real punch to them - and there are plenty (30+) to choose from. The AI is also solid; your enemies will take cover, try to flank you, and will kill you easily if you play foolishly.The graphics are excellent, and the design of the island is beautiful. Water ripples in the moonlight, sun-rays glimmer on your screen, bullets ricochet to and fro, and explosions look and feel powerful - as do the after-burning effects that can quickly consume a small forest. The electronic soundtrack is also great: it ebbs and flows with combat, and becomes somber in more heartfelt moments. It's integrated excellently throughout the game - you won't often be able to tell it's there, but it will get your heart pumping.While exceptional, the game is not perfect. Exploration might have even been even better if the map was revealed more naturally instead of through radio towers, and I often found I had way too much money and not near enough to spend it on. The interface, crafting and customization options could also be improved. Still, as a whole, Far Cry 3 is a fantastic game that you will easily get 25-30+ hours out of and enjoy every minute of. There's much more that could be said, but this game is incredible value for anything less than $10, and you should really enjoy and explore the beatufiul but dangerous Rook Island for yourself!9.2/10"
76561198212645799,Recommended,220240,26313658,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[L.E.S] Pharaoh,Very good game with a good story. It was more realistic then far cry 2 and it have a good ending. This was the best far cry series.
,Recommended,220240,8812449,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,AndyW_UK,"After spending 90+ hours completing everything there is to do in Far Cry 3, I can safely say I haven't had this much fun in an FPS for a long time. Having the freedom to do practically anything you like, in any order you like, in any style you like, is a refreshing change from the standard-fare modern military shooter. I had so much fun doing things like, when needing a vehicle, popping a jeep driver with my Desert Eagle .50, watching the jeep slide up a hill, flip over a few times, kill the gunner in the roll, and then land perfectly upright on the road in the direction I needed it. Thank you very much!However, the game does have a few caveats - firstly, it's as buggy as all hell, even today. Crashes to desktop on buying/selling items, restarting mission/quest checkpoints, or just entirely randomly while running around is worryingly common, so save often. I even fell through the ground and out of the world on the wingsuit once.The UI and save system is also somewhat irksome and could've been implemented better on PC (an unfortunate leftover of the inferior console version), and the cash limitation is absurd - once you've bought all the weapons, upgrades and paint jobs, the only way to spend your wallet is to deliberately burn ammo and get yourself injured to buy armour/medicine. Not a game-breaker by any means, but annoying for a completionist like myself who wants to loot every chest, but can't because of an arbitrary cash limit - it just doesn't need to be there.Finally, there are one or two poorly-balanced story missions that can be very difficult to complete unless you metagame it and do things like lay mines with advance knowledge of enemy spawn positions (Huntley and the plane repairs, I'm looking at you!). The plot could've done without some of the trippy, mystical stuff as well.Despite a fair few misgivings, though: overall decent shooting, interesting world, plenty of free-form fun, and some intriguing and dark characters make for an enjoyable game. Just don't expect it to be perfect."
76561198076609798,Recommended,220240,11628272,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Gendoh,"A partucular Open World Game, it makes much fun to explore,10 Points from 10, but you do not have the Freedom to decide what to do, you can't leave Questareas and do it your way, the Game forces you to do it like the Developers want to do it, at one Side you are a Tank who wipe out a whole military Camp alone and on the other Side you will be pushed around in the sequences like a little crying weakling!It where better without those stupid Quick Time Events where you must push different Buttons in very short time and without the cinematic sequences where you are driven forward with pressure.A good Game with great potential, but very poor implemented!!!Over all 5/10"
,Recommended,220240,18862825,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Pip,Humm...Yes :)
76561198203349260,Recommended,220240,22046247,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,flip phone shawty,my most favourite game ever
,Recommended,220240,7896347,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"If you took Apocalypse Now, First Blood, Enter the Void and Predator and mixed them in a blender, you'd probably end up with something similar to Far Cry 3. A perfect example of forward-thinking design with the gameplay to back it up."
76561198212375033,Recommended,220240,28762377,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Exodus,prepare for feels... this game will touch you inside and you will develop a special place for it in your heart. this game needs some sort of a direct sequel or a follow up. only problem with this game is that its kinda short
76561198028859581,Recommended,220240,9264533,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,scourge excoriator,"I grew to love this game. The gameplay, to be precise. I couldn't really care less about the spoiled white boy protagonist aside from the fact that he's me in the game, so the story sort of... got in the way, at times. Held me back from gaining skills due to encounter-locks versus XP lock outs, that sort of thing. It's the exploration of Far Cry 3 that really appealed to me: the exploration of two beautiful islands with lots of violent potential. I went totally Indiana Jones in this game and loved it.The variety of enemy takedowns possible with the use of stealth and position appealled to me. They feel fluid, gritty, intense. The game features some kill-challenges that require you to take out the target with a knife among a bunch of bodyguards, which only helped encourage getting more proficient with the takedown system. The reward for successful takedowns was many times more experience than a simple gunshot frag.The vehicles are all fun to use, the more off-road, the more scenic the game becomes. I rode a jetski through a mangrove river, a buggy from the top of a mountain ridge down to the beach, and would off-road Jeeps just for the experience of it. There is also a wingsuit in the second-half of the story that allows gliding and parachuting. That was awesome!The downside of the game really isn't anything major, but a variety of minor niggling things. They reoccur frequently but are easy to dismiss.*I play using a keyboard and mouse, but the game constrained my assignable hotkey choices to just two number keys, 7 and 8. This meant breaking up gameplay, usually when under fire, to access the menu to get to items that could have easily been assignable using other keys. That disrupted many instances after long periods of seamless gameplay.*I'm unsure why the game required me to be standing directly on top of and looking at the many useable items in order to interface with them, but that plus having to hold the use key down was annoying.*Such beautiful island design. I really liked the mountain cliffs! I wanted to scale them free-hand, but sadly could not. Many times an ascent did look like it was possible, and perhaps half of it was, before hitting a wall... the only way up is the way that the developer gave you, most of the time. Just follow the continuous grassy patches, and you can ascend.*At times I had completely no idea how to spend money, and my limited inventory was full and needed to be sold off. My ammo was maxed out, my armor was 100%. All of the guns available for sale were already owned. The solution presented itself in an odd way: purchasing extraneous weapon attachments and vanity color schemes for weapons.Bottom line, this game is worthy of thunderous revelry because of its mechanics and is only held back from vaster glory because it felt like a constrained port with some oddish design decisions to me."
,Recommended,220240,9999762,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,ChoppedJake,"farcry3 is farcry done RIGHT, i was so on the fence after farcry2 and so afraid they would make me terminally ill or have HEP C or something in this game i held off buying it till i was told by a friend that does not happen.There are sandbox elements, exploration elements, and first person shooter elements that really shine in this game. The engine is polished the mechanics you get are fun and useful but dont stop you from playing a first person shooter.The only downside i would say is you can tell the Ubisoft developers who worked on this clearly were the same people who did assassins creed, not that there is anything wrong with that but you shouldn't have a company wide mechanic of synchronizing to reveal the map."
76561198119468912,Recommended,220240,12066443,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,DKLandon,A beautiful game with game mechanics so enjoyable to execute that I carried on playing even after finishing the main storyline. Is a must buy!
,Recommended,220240,19299015,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Drunken Wubbzzy,"Far Cry 3 is a truly amazing game. I was blown away by the complexity, the stunning views, amazing story line, and endless more. The quality of this game is insane. I can play on the highest settings but that isnt the point. The point is, it was designed, runs, and looks gorgeous. From the colors to the weapons, everything you will find is great. Ever since Assassin's Creed II came out, I don't think Ubisoft has designed such a great game that can actually run well. This is what we've been looking for. Yes, this review is after years of having the game out. But, everything that is said about it is true. Enjoy the game everyone."
76561198028291131,Recommended,220240,8244951,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Grand Poobah,"Farcry has some bad story elements and a terrible ending, but the gameplay is probably one of the most fun and addicting I've played. It's a great game, but the only thing holding it back from being perfect is the ending and some minor story events."
,Recommended,220240,12282691,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Spazmotic,"55 Hours into the game.  If you know me, You know that is quite rare.  I killed two buffalo to make a single wallet. Wallet only held $5000 dollars, I assume each dollar is a chunk of iron now. Explore the world, kill the natives, be killed by the natives, think you're safe, get eaten by a tiger.  Thumbs up, would get eaten by a tiger again. 10/10"
76561198000870958,Recommended,220240,9577440,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Robb,This game is amazing. Not a very story driven game. But the combat is fanatastic. You can shoot stab or stealth your way through every scenario. Its great fun.
,Recommended,220240,9587430,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Envy,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,220240,9626365,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,xonant,"Say what you want about Uplay, but this game is a master piece.  Loved it from start to finish."
76561198039473247,Recommended,220240,9637191,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Rigor,"8.5/10. Visually attractive landscape. Good combat. Decent story with some good, mature turns. Combat and side objectives get old, as with most shooters."
,Recommended,220240,9641998,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Skaev,"I have had so much fun in this game. I love the open world, I don't have to follow the storyline, when I don't want to. If I want to explore the island, then that's what I do :D"
76561198041504724,Recommended,220240,9670120,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Nierok,"Great game, good graphics, tons of jungle warfare, huge thumbs up.... word to the wise story lack luster."
,Recommended,220240,9731566,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,FrickoN,One of my favourite games.
76561197988246242,Recommended,220240,9755487,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,IVGreyFoxVI,"Do i recommend this game? What are you ♥♥♥♥ ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ steam?!This game recommends itself. Imagine your looking at a line of hot♥♥♥♥♥chicks to bang at a brothell and you get to pick one for $20.00. Theres a bunch of good looking ones sure. Then this fiery♥♥♥♥♥redhead chick walks in from the left and just puts all the others to shame. Yeah Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Just Cause, this♥♥♥♥♥♥is the real deal.You wanna creep throough bushes and knife tribal sunsabittchyz? Yeah were all about it on rook island.Whats that? you wanna handglide int an outpost with an autoshottie murking♥♥♥♥♥♥♥left and right. Go ape Jimbo.Huh? you wanna bowhunt idiots like rambo with explosive aroows and♥♥♥♥♥♥! Well holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i think we got a winner.Yeah this game is skyrim with a ton of guns and other cool twists.Like you can make your own drugs  from plants. Yay drugs!! You can even take the drugs you made and  sell them too islanders for some coin to blow on a kickass new piece to continue your tropical onslaught.So what the ♥♥♥♥ are you waiting for?! Go knife fight a freakin shark! Or a gator. I sure as hell did.Dont forget to scream 'Merica really loud after you gut them too. Its Kinda important."
,Recommended,220240,9757254,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,GatesGrim,This is my second favorite game ever. It has great character devolpement and I adore/hate Vaas. He is one of the best Villains I have basically come across from any other game.
,Recommended,220240,9770647,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,TastyToast,"Very fun game. Modifiable weapons, various modes of transport, lots of secret places to explore, varying enemy and animal types, etc. The map editor can be packaged as a seperate game it's that good. The multiplayer feels lackluster, as it did in 2 and is certainly not a good highlight, but this is a strict single player experience. The 4 player co op is pretty average. Didn't catch my interest. It's a neat idea and makes for some hectic moments but if anything more it's just a take on Left 4 Dead (4 player co op with hordes of enemies and objectives). Not bad but not worth putting a lot of effort into playing it a lot.If I had to give this a number score it's certainly an 8/10. The story isn't anything to write home about, but it gets the job done and makes for excellent Michael Bay moments in the main campaign, not to say you wont have any of those in free roam, on the contrary, there will be many moments like that."
,Recommended,220240,9777375,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,San4200,JJJJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!BUY THIS GAME JJJJJAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNN!!!!!!
76561198050347543,Recommended,220240,9788435,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Jaigyn,"Far Cry 3 is a game that is stimultaneously dark and shocking and yet attempts and suceeds to be amusing and humorous (even light-hearted at times).It's a FPS sandbox game with some stunning graphics and amazing design. A huge upgrade from Far Cry 2 allowing players to fast travel but those that which to explore every single valley and cave will not be disappointed with the rewards.The interface is easy to use and somewhat limiting at times the inventory can be a pain but it is a good balance between realism and fantasy, carry all the weapons in the world is ridiculous but only have 1 or 2 would be lame so it makes the player want to achieve crafting in order to carry more loot & weapons. All the weapons can be customized which is very nice.The crafting is extremely simple yet works for what is needed. Hunting animals is a mixed bag some things are easy while others are quite tough (hunting a Shark with a bow for instance!).The storyline is a dark one and attempts to showcase the ""lucifier journey"" doing bad things for all the ""right"" reasons. The ending does suck BUT... it's the journey that really kept bringing me back (almost 50 hours into just one play through).The sound design is excellent the only fault is the car radios have the most horrible music on them. Otherwise cocking of a gun's bolt, the sound of brass ejecting, the cries of your enemies, the roar of creatures attacking, the underwater sound effects, just perfect.The game has some really amazing qualities, particularly the feeling of helplessness at times. First time you get attacked by a shark or croc you may♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself. The soldiers can use tactics that turns you from a Rambo-wannabe into a corpse. The game can be completed either via stealth, Rambo or a balance. Some missions require one absolute over the other but that's all part of the game and makes it challenging.Overall I do reccommend the game but be ready for some confronting scenes (not just gore), the ending is very lacking and the boss fights are unfortunately quick-time events but all the NPCs are very well done, excellent voice acting and you'll either like them and love to hate them. Hope you enjoy!"
,Recommended,220240,9810851,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,mark.simons75,Just get it
,Recommended,220240,9817332,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,lionheart2308,"Its one of the most enjoyable game i have ever played. I love natural views, sea, mountains, beach activities, sniper & missions. You can even enjoy driving & upgrade your weapons along with looting cash money for ever.Very good quality & accuracy. i hope they will amke Farcry4 & 5 .Highly recommended."
,Recommended,220240,9821780,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,V1P8R1,"A fun 70+ hours of gameplay here. Very fun,"
,Recommended,220240,9836292,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Blenzi,AWESOME! So hard at end when you half to choose! :c I chose sex over friends
76561197994281375,Recommended,220240,9859856,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Harm,"5 out of 10Far Cry 3 gets a thumbs up JUST. Its not so bad as to deserve a thumbs down. A sideways thumb would have been more appropriate.The problem with this game is that it is not that much fun. An to top it all off it is very long; way too long.The good:1. The graphics.2. The campaign missions are also pretty good.The bad:3. It is too long. I would say at least 50% too long.  My Steam game time probably under counts by 50%.4. The scenery and side missions are very repetitive.The ugly:5. The physics. Somehow your character gets stuck trying to walk through doors and over uneven surfaces.  You end up dreading going through doorways. I end up sort of running up to a door and jumping in. You would expect better from a game of this reputation.6. Reaching mountain tops can be painful. You cannot run in a straight line, you have to follow a specific route. This can waist a lot of time.7. Your character sways a lot. Not for people who get sea sickness.I would much rather recommend Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon. Its a hell of a lot of fun. It has the same awesome graphics implemented much more exciting."
76561198043660108,Recommended,220240,9868820,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,TheTastyWaffle,this game i have it hour's and hour's of fun but .. its finishing quick after all .. and the multiplayer campain is really fun making fun whit friend
,Recommended,220240,8959426,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,K@ngz,Best game of 2012
,Recommended,220240,8967748,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Mr_SLicK,"This is the First Far Cry I've played and oh boy im glad I made the purchase when it was on sale!  I knew the game was good but i was addicted from the get go from relic hunting to clearing bandits camps I've done em all.  Though things can get repetitive i was so into it, it never really bothered me.  Story mode wasn't long at all i put most of my hrs exploring the island and trying to get every little thing i can just because it was fun.  I actually played the game on the highest difficulty ""warrior"" just to make the game even more interesting. Overall I highly recommend this to anyone who loves FPS/RPG type games you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,220240,8991556,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,GANTRON 9000,"Ever need a car, and then suddenly one just drives up in front of you and the driver falls out dead (true story)? Or when you just jump off a 100+ foot waterfall after climbing around in a bunch of caves and then there's just a jetskii waiting for you? Of course you could always just use a hang glider or a zipline...Any game where you can't decide weather to snipe everyone in an enemy camp from 60 yards out, sneak around and silently pick them all off with a bow and a knife, free the caged tiger and let it go to work, or just torch the whole damn place with a flamethrower is a win in my book. And of course you can always hunt crocodiles with grenades if you're bored.Awesome game, great graphics, great story, great combat, great stealth, and so much more. Would have paid full price if I knew how great this game was."
76561198103911560,Recommended,220240,8992715,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Morpheus,Awesome!!
76561198039585522,Recommended,220240,9025376,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Captain_Waffle11,Basically you become solely responsible for cutting the life expentency of a small island nation in half.
,Recommended,220240,9564995,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,DrunkenCherry,wow
,Recommended,220240,9571854,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,BASALT,One of the best games I have ever played
,Recommended,220240,8978426,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Blu-J,"GAMEPLAY:9/10STORY:10/10Far Cry 3 has, by far, the best game villian period. Beside that, the sandbox gameplay is actually fun. Small enough to not be intimidating and large enough to give you plenty to do. Whether with a controller or board and mouse the controls feel solid. A must own."
76561198000547546,Recommended,220240,9007895,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Great White Ninja,"This game is, simply put, amazing. You could not ask for a better storyline that is tied to an extremely action packed game than Far Cry 3. Once I started my Far Cry adventure it was difficult to escape. With tons of side quest, relics to find and Love Letters from World War II on the island this game keeps you entertained."
,Recommended,220240,9010099,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Pablo and Friends,simply amazing
,Recommended,220240,9556672,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,✿Deflowered ✿,This game is awesome. You won't regret it.
76561198060674938,Recommended,220240,9641452,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Façade,"Freakn love this game!! so many improvements from previous far cry games.. and thats saying something as i loved all the previous games too. spent hours on far cry 2 and loved the whole concept (malaria can eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥. then they pull out far cry 3 and improve on pretty much everything except they did take out decaying weapons but thats a small thing. the campaign was beautiful and actually made it hard for you to make decissions as you had formed relationships with certain characters. the online was different which is what made it good. played many hours in multiplayer and enjoyed it thouroghly. theres a lot of good times and many hours to be spent on this game, to me any game that you can spend 50+ hours on and not get bored is a good investment."
,Recommended,220240,9643257,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Devbroman,Great game. Very fun and there are tons of things to do. The only thing that I don't like is that even with Blood Dragon on the PC you can only get the Blood Dragon map editor pieces on the Xbox.
,Recommended,220240,9646905,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Fake_7x,One of the best game I've ever played.Very immersive and a great story!You have to play it!
,Recommended,220240,9647705,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Matschundbrei,"probably one of the best open world survival fps games I've ever played. Very good story, exceptional graphics, unbelievably good characters, amazing soundtrack and probably the best voice acting I've ever expierienced. This game is a must-have!"
,Recommended,220240,9765199,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Sapphirress,"Definitely one of the best games I have ever played :) so beautiful, open, variable and with an interesting storyline... the two islands are vast and you have so many possibilities and tasks there, but you can do only those you want to do :)"
,Recommended,220240,9785797,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Staemboat,fun game
76561198069738864,Recommended,220240,9802553,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,SethBacon,Remains fun the entire way through...despite the terrible multiplayer. 9/10
76561198031148388,Recommended,220240,9818399,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Rookie,very awsome i love this game
76561197961942082,Recommended,220240,9841790,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,blocko,Its not bad.
76561198078564705,Recommended,220240,8980291,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Thundershot,love it. i want to make love to it. Lets me have its babies
76561198060406071,Recommended,220240,9004687,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,No_Name,Love this game! <3
,Recommended,220240,9603453,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ahravi the waff,"Is rely good. Like bro you don't even understand, this cheesecake is so... Oh, this is Far Cry 3?Well... is rely good. Get this game, if you can run it, you won't regret, and if you do, maybe you're just not into this genre. Too bad."
76561198024516742,Recommended,220240,9728112,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,phyothucleor,"I'm not a hunter, but this was an enjoyable hunting game. Then there was this weird shamanistic warrior / pirate story that came after you crafted all the items. And there was shark punching. The immersive audioscape in Far Cry 2 was notably excellent, so the sound in Far Cry 3 is disappointing."
,Recommended,220240,9755845,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,DandelionTMV,"The best Far Cry game so far, combines the open world gameplay of Far Cry 2 with the tropical setting of Far Cry 1, and adds new mechanics such as crafting, hunting and levelling up to adquire new skills. The graphics are pretty decent and easy to max up even with a mid end computer. The AI is a little static sometimes and the sidequests are generally uninspired and ridiculous, otherwise there's a lot of fun to be had and a lot to explore.The game borrows some mechanics from Assassin's Creed such as clearing enemy bases to reduce influence, viewpoints in the form of radio towers and assassination missions which must be performed with a knife.The story is what you could expect from a class B action movie, which is made enjoyable by some excentric characters such as Vaas, but the rest is pretty forgettable and cheesy.85/100"
,Recommended,220240,9766815,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Loggah,Were unable to create ur account right now cause Ubisoft server is unavailable :) -UPLAY
,Recommended,220240,9767898,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Squeegie,"Best single player campaign I have ever played (well, tied with Skyrim) - a must get if you appreciate high quality story-line and visuals.Has decent replayability too. 10/10"
76561198055293049,Recommended,220240,9792268,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Glenry,"For anyone that hasn't played this game yet I sincerely ask that you do yourself a favor and buy it. No matter what the cost. I'll admit I only picked this game up on a weekend steam deal out of sheer boredom but I've never been so surprised. The screen-shots and trailers do NOT do it justice.Gameplay is smooth, graphics and sound are great - but the best part about this is the storyline and quite spectacular plot twists that I honestly didn't see coming. Voice acting is certainly a highlight.The dev's managed to take a seemingly ordinary FTS idea and twist it around into an amalgamation of some of the best hours I've spent in front of my computer since I realized I could get free porn.Play this game - you will not regret it. 9/10"
76561198096298337,Recommended,220240,9818545,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Beast From the Weast,"Well, I wish to play it but sadly the game lags out so much it makes it impossible"
,Recommended,220240,8969333,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Technical Joker,"Great game, though I had to mod it to make it a little bit more difficult. Characters in this game are very colorful, I do enjoy the little conversations about Insanity with Vas."
,Recommended,220240,8980657,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,E-man,"Play this game, beat it, then play it with NEXUS Mods. You will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,220240,8983146,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Slantar,"If you can get over the overexagerated plot and main story, than you should definetly get this one !"
76561197993377375,Recommended,220240,9019816,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,rocknss,I enjoy the game very much. My only complaint is that it crashes every once and awhile. Which is the game not my system because I play it on two different PC's and it crashes on both. My advice is to save the game offen while playing.
,Recommended,220240,9035776,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Peltz,Buy this game cheap. Enough said.
76561197974898693,Recommended,220240,9570797,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,NotHisRealName,"What a difference!Far Cry 3 is far and beyond the best game of the franchise.No mutant baboons, like Far Cry.  No horrible repetition, respawning checkpoints, and weapons that degrade faster than an ice cube on a hot summers day.  Far Cry 3 gets it right.This game has a lot of variety, and a rather compelling story.  The character progression keeps the game interesting, making you want to look for every side quest and hidden item hidden across the massive two islands.  Unlocking new ways to takedown badguys brings such enjoyment - like pulling the pin on a badguy's handgrenade before kicking him toward his mates, and watching them all blow to bits.Crafting and hunting quests bring something new to the game, but a sore point is inventory management.  Sadly there's no quick way to dump some of the things you pick up.  And, when you end up with 90 items that you've got to double click, delete, yes I really want to, enter...  just to remove a 'broken pair of glasses' worth $10 - it gets old quickly.Fortunately that's it.Reaching the southern island is great in that it unlocks the wing suit making island traversing quck and fun.  The downside to it is that...< S P O I L E R S >you will no longer be dealing with one of the most charismatic badguys of all time.Being able to repopulate chackpoints with badguys allows you to spend plenty of time in game (even after the story has finished) moving around the (again) hostile islands, looking for the hidden items, or trying an assault on a checkpoint in a different way.Lots of replayability here, and well worth the funds."
,Recommended,220240,9593448,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Eishua,"I bought Far Cry 3 to got a good fps experience out of it. You don't see many of them these days. Back in the day FarCry 1 was a fps player´s dream with a lot of challenging shooter action. Well... Far Cry 3 is a very different game compared to it´s predecessors.Far Cry 3 is less of an fps game and more of a casual story game with stealthy experience gathering and item upgrade hoarding.  You start with only 1 weapon slot and you must find animals in order to craft more. The joke about this is that the game itself is ridicilously easy even on the most difficult setting. Sure you will have problems with your starting pistol, but after you get famas and mp5 with silencer (which is after 2 hours tops), the game turns into a cakewalk.The story line was good enough, but you are just a mindless spectator in it. There are also loads of unskippable cutscenes, where you can't do anything but turn your head and press mandatory buttons in order to get forward. You naturally don't have a say on how things proceed. Music and voice acting are mostly good. The main protagonis, Vaas, can even be commended.To sum it up, Far Cry 3 is a great casual (fps)-game, but if you want a challenging fps in your hands, this one will feel lacking in a lot of ways."
,Recommended,220240,9608192,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Nazi Propaganda,"Extremely fun, 25 hours into it and I've still got plenty left to do.10/10 ya know"
76561198010095950,Recommended,220240,9778466,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Infinitejukes=DC,"Fun game with unique mechanics in an open enviorment, get it on sale for 7.50 and ti will be a steal. U-play steam intergration is easy and  was awesome because when my Hard drive to a dive I was able to continue on in single player without interupting my progress."
,Recommended,220240,9802241,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Cosmosis,"Far Cry 3 is an all around awesome, worthwhile experience.SINGLE PLAYER:The single player is the meat of the game, and it's a blast. The story is all-around enjoyable, despite a few hiccups, and it really helps to show you the full extents of what you can do in the game. For me personally, though, I enjoyed the free roam more. The island is beautiful, and the vegetation is lush. There is a nice amount of weapons, attachments and paint jobs to keep you interested. Once a weapon has been used, you can equip it for free at any vending machine in the game, which really allows you to try new things on the fly. Besides the standard weapons (Assault Rifles, SMGs, LMGs, Sniper Rifles & Shotguns), there are also a variety of unique weapons, including a flare gun, flamethrower and recurve bow, all of which help keep the game fresh. The hunting/crafting system could be a bit more fleshed out, as you will likely be nearly done crafting before even reaching the second island, and after crafting is done there is not much incentive to hunt. The core of the game, however, are the outposts. The outposts are definitely the most enjoyable part, and also allow you to really use all the weapons and equipment in interesting ways. As the outposts grow more and more complex the challenge becomes greater and greater to succesfully capture one, and the reward is always worth it. On a side note, the takedown system is also amazingly executed. It distances itself from the type of knifing prevalent in Call of Duty, and changes it up so that when you are within range (close range) it will go into a  little locked animation for the kill. It doesn't make the melee overpowered, but it makes for some awesome kills, especially when you jump off a ledge and land on an enemy.MULTIPLAYER:It may not be the focus of the game, but it is well done. A variety of interesting maps and fresh new modes (Firestorm and Transmission come to mind), it's a lot of fun. The unlock system works well, and there's also something called decoding -- after finishing a co-op chapter/multiplayer match, you can find encrypted data. After spending time putting it through a decoder (it decodes in the background) it can give you XP or Weapon Mods. Weapon Mods increase one aspect of a gun by a lot, while having some type of drawback. My only complaint with multiplayer is that higher end data sources take a fair bit of time to decode, with the biggest (Hard Drive) taking a solid 8 hours. This has been helped, though, by speed boosts. After you finish decoding something, you can usually send a speed boost to a friend of yours (no use to you). If you have lots of friends, you should receive lots of speed boosts which can make the waiting time much more bearable.Overall: Great game. Awesome single player, and fresh new multiplayer as well, Far Cry 3 gets a solid 9/10."
76561198106101040,Recommended,220240,9814831,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,ekgronning,Easily one of the best games I've ever played. Sick story and great gameplay. The game lets you move into a wild world of phsycopaths and insanity and you never really want the game to end.
,Recommended,220240,9822279,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Da Flaky Baboon,An amazing game with phenomenal graphics!!! Must get!
,Recommended,220240,9838581,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Gestapo. 太保,The best sand box game ever! Picturesque landscape and Advanced but modest AI.  10 out of 10 !!!!
,Recommended,220240,9857475,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Quaker Oatmeal,"Great story, great gameplay, great graphics. Definitely an excellent game for people who like single player story lines. If you like FPS, but aren't necessarily the ""guns a blazing run into the middle of the room"" type player, you'll enjoy it. It's kind of like an FPS version of Assassin's Creed. You can stalk your objective and strategize how you'd like to clear it. If you're the silent type you'll spend a bit more time finding the right angles / kill order, but if you prefer to run into the middle and just blast everyone, make sure you have good guns because it won't be easy."
76561197983784591,Recommended,220240,9861499,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,DirtyStiv,Best game after far cry
76561198011912362,Recommended,220240,9865011,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,LOOSECUNT,This is simply a fantastic game. Hours of entertainment
,Recommended,220240,14475899,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,A Ubisoft PC port that doesn't suck? Welcome to the insane world of Far Cry 3. Open world FPS game with hunting and scavenging. Great graphics too.
,Recommended,220240,18296648,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Remove Bees,Tattoos of sharks make you move faster while crouching.
76561197970384883,Recommended,220240,403210,"Posted: 20 February, 2013",all,FHDA,67%
,Recommended,220240,21575591,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Mell^0,Great game worth every penny
,Recommended,220240,8159643,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Elfesteem,Really open world FPS in the jungle. Reasonable story and an amazing antagonist.
76561198023172614,Recommended,220240,8355029,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,amalkhafaji1,"I tried to play it as an rpg, kinda worked up until I got all upgrades on packs, weapons, achievements, etc.Though, rpg elements aside, this is a pretty fun game; open world map with lots to do. Even though I feel more should have been put into the main plot, favorite bit about this game are the characters (voice overs). Very well developed, very believeble characters, and the character development of the main protagonist (Jason Brody) is absolutly amazing.Really enjoyed what the devs in Montreal accomplished with this piece.Also, with these steam sales going on, you would definitely get a bang for your buck, and then some."
,Recommended,220240,15291145,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,CSOFFER.ME Kuro,Uplay...... ♥♥♥♥ off
76561198060655745,Recommended,220240,33314067,Posted: 6 July,all,ErykDante,Beautiful setting. Fun game!
76561198120711948,Recommended,220240,33318171,Posted: 6 July,all,KEK,"Love it. 10/10. Best Far Cry by far. On PC 8/10 because of ♥♥♥♥ING UPLAY ♥♥♥♥ING UP MY LAUNCH  AND MAKING IT SO I COULDN'T EVEN LAUNCH THE GAME TO FIX MY COMPATIBILTY ISSUES WITH WINDOWS 10!!!!! If you have the patience get it. If not, don't."
,Recommended,220240,33215087,Posted: 3 July,all,VG_Ayden_VG,i got this in a steam sale and it is worth every penny its a must have
76561198024120645,Recommended,220240,9599701,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Chief Mojo Rising,"FarCry is a great series, this game just extends past what you would expect from it's tropical setting, everything is simple to find but can be challenging to achieve, the vehicles react well, the story is well written and immersive, everytime you play you're given the mindset of a non violent person (jason) and are practically forced to make what you want, happen.the enemy AI is intuitive, sometimes it feels predictable, other times it can surprise you, both human AI and animal AI, hunting is a must for anyone who doesn't want the unnecessery penalty of death by mistake, if done properly you can be stealthy and un detected throughout, there are obvious spots where you have to be noticed but that's the story, free roam is entirely your doing. you can distract and trap the enemy, lure them away, it's less challenging after completion because you have so much stuff to use, the tats are a great asset and the apparent absence of maleria will have you WANTING more from the game. i suggest you play this game, i've played it alot, but offline doesn't track progress, i will warn you, buying through steam doesn't get rid of Uplay, you need them both for some idiotic reason, and there are ingame things you can buy with Uplay points, affordable with enough playtime and rewards from the game, so there's no excfess spending in my opinion.multiplayer..... don't play it so i can't reccomend it. co op, same deal, but for me the single player experience is what counts and especially when it's on a deal is when it's best bought, if you don't use multiplayer!playthroughs will vary, and playstyles may affect how hard the game can be. beyond that the stroy is straight forward fun and brilliant more than once. enjoy!"
,Recommended,220240,9600930,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Them Phat Stax,"Such a great adventure. I love games that have multiple endings, and yet, this is one of them. Can't say much more without spoiling for you. With such an open world, this game is highly recommended if you are a fan of the GTA series."
,Recommended,220240,9603350,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Noradin,"You shoot people, skin animals and get tattoos.10/10"
,Recommended,220240,9609464,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,PeasantSmiter,Wish the graphics were better although they still look nice.
,Recommended,220240,9612124,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,ThunderClaw99,The best gaming expirence that I have ever had. Campaign is amazing
76561198114149079,Recommended,220240,9620488,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,y=mx+b,"This game.... even only having 3+ hours on ths game i still know how the story goes.Singleplayer - This is really a masterpiece. You want to betray your own tribe while fightig off a fleet of bad guys on a boat? Go ahead! There are ""skill trees"" as i like to call perks, call of duty. Thier are 3 trees one for brute strenth, one for long range, one for stealth. Skills show themselfs as tattos on the arms.Story - You are Jason who went to an island with your brothers and friends. One lovley day you went skydiving. Then you get captued by bad guys. You wake in a cage with your brother, then Vaas witch is one of the coolest villans of video game history. I wont tell about him. Go see yourself. BUY NOWCoop - 4 crew members were sold to Vaas and want revenge on the captin who betrayed them. The gameplay is like Far Cry singleplayer, But is a linear course.Multiplayer - FarCry Graphics - gameplay - weapons - and Call of Duty way of gaining points.I bought soley for the Singleplayer. You should too! ;3"
,Recommended,220240,9625176,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Madam Mighty,"I'm not one for shooter-type games at all, being the RPG gal that I am, but this one sucked me in with its promise of an open world and opportunities to develop skills and what not as a character. And it totally delivered on that front - it's a true blend of action/shooter/rpg. There are still things about the game that are slightly impractical or make it too easy, but can't say they have detracted from the game in any way.I'm about halfway through FC3 and have already put in about 50 hrs... that speaks for how much the game has to offer in terms of exploration and side missions/tasks. From hunting animals for their skins to claiming radio towers and outposts, there's plenty to do when roaming the vast land. Admittedly, it can get a little repetitive, but the game in general is too much fun to let that be a setback.The story is involving, the graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is smooth and extremely easy to pick up (shooter newb here). You have the option to go in all Rambo or take the Hitman path in approaching most tasks, which is awesome because who doesn't like a bit of everything? The change in pace you can take is a real blessing.Really impressed with the game so far. I might just pick up more shooters thanks to the great example FC3 has set.9/10"
76561198123824607,Recommended,220240,9633935,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,IvarDude #Vacation,Beste offline spill som finnes
,Recommended,220240,9643471,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Squashbuckler,"I spent hours trying to get this game to run correctly as it would crash every 10-30 mins. The end result of the frustration was to downclock my geforce 660ti. This problem is not unique to me, as it has affected many users and is a BUYER BEWARE, most defenitely. That being said...This game is sheer perfection as far as gameplay and graphics are concerned. If you want to experience perfect gameplay mechanics and see a visually superior world done to perfection, defenitely pick this up. This game should be the benchmark for  visuals and gameplay.As far as the storyline is concerned, I was not overly intrigued, nor was I connected to the characters in anyway. It was not exciting and nothing unique; Perhaps even less than some shooters that I have played.As a gaming experience I did not particularly feel motivated to play it, nor was it something I was addicted to, it was just a beautiful graphical experience with solid gameplay. I saw no reason to complete the repetitive subquests and filler content. (Driving around, hunting rare animals, etc) I see more value in MMO for that.Overall, this game is solid, but nothing earth-shattering due to its lack of an interesting story.Pick it up for under 20 dollars."
,Recommended,220240,9646380,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,seyaat,"After the first Far Cry leaving an empty place in my gut, hoping for something more that was indeed delivered by Far Cry 2, I scarcely expected an equal, let alone superior sequel. Far Cry 3 more than delivers the superiority in every way, from first person gunning on par with the Modern Warfare and recent Battlefield games to a story as in-depth and appealing as some of the best RPG's I've ever played."
,Recommended,220240,9670534,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Alexandre alexsteckel,One of the best!!!
76561198042243855,Recommended,220240,9679330,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Sporks,"An absolutely amazing game! Great graphics, indepth story-line and lots to do when you've completed the campaign. Multi-player is addictive and fun where you can challenge you friends, so there's never a boring moment! Brilliant buy"
,Recommended,220240,9732298,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Builder #6,One of the best games I have ever played. Nothing more to say.
76561198089914359,Recommended,220240,9739633,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Meme Crusade,i CANNOT recomend this game enough you HAVE to get this game ITS AMAZING. Vaas is SUCH a great villain!
76561197970791510,Recommended,220240,9741131,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,MARKET DAY!,"Fun. Not the greatest game of all time kind of fun, but fun. Standard RPG elements, AI, story telling, combat, controls, etc. A steady 8/10. Got burned out on side quests and map completion. Snag it when there's a good sale and you've got nothing else on your game horizon."
76561198130563500,Recommended,220240,9748351,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,jckaekae01,"♥♥♥♥♥.i cant even play it,.the game is not launching,.even the counter strike g.o,.tf is wrong with you guys,.gotta give that money back,."
76561198036823459,Recommended,220240,9749414,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,biface-53233,"This is bar none the worst game I have ever purchased. The ""tutorial"" is tedious and unnecessary but requires much time. The game manual is a joke. Do not buy this game unless you enjoy frustration. Ther seems no way to bypass the ""tutorial"" which is a torture device in itself."
,Recommended,220240,9749681,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Lotuseater24,"Great game, runs like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198095311829,Recommended,220240,9753374,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,SUPERIOR_CHRIS,far cry 3 love it it a must get ton of fun a nice play ground to blow stuff up lot of guns and tweeking so eye candy bigggg free roam about a 13 hour story so not that bad but there all ways side missions to keep you going after you dun with the story all the online witch works like a dream not the best shooter online but a change from the others i give it for my last saying 9 out of 10
76561198090752379,Recommended,220240,9766445,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,PickleRick,Great Game lots of fun!! and great story line.
76561197984794544,Recommended,220240,31380149,Posted: 26 April,all,InsanE,"The best game of the series by far, i wish it had trading cards, i would have loved a Vaas background"
,Recommended,220240,29808122,Posted: 9 February,all,szelus,Babcia to jest zajebiste
,Recommended,220240,9295900,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,The Counter of Strikes,"Fantastic game. So many great factors. Predators in the wild will sometimes inadvertently help you by jumping out from the jungle to attack enemies... or sometimes mess up your stealthy masterplan and cause you to alert the enemy to your presence when you're shooting a tiger in the face to get it off you, crocodiles blend in with the shallow water -- there's just so much. Hunting animals allows for upgrades, and picking up plants allows you to craft temporary buffs.The world is beautifully fleshed out and if you spend time doing the side quests/activities/item searching (there's a lot), you'll get a lot out of this game...Take the island over by climbing towers for map vision, and take out enemy camps for control.Many vehicles, flight suit, parachute -- there are plenty of ways to get around the jungle. Gain experience and build your tattoo (skill tree) for more efficient gameplay. The game also maintains a level of realism to try and keep you immersed in the atmosphere (switching around menus is a minor gripe, and not a major issue when you consider Far Cry 2 used in game menus)). -- The game does have a some cool ""Max Payne"" hallucination sequences using drugs as the machina. Also the game has some pretty cool temples which made me feel like Indiana Jones at times.So many weapons (which feel good to use), good AI, good difficulty, good story, good characters... a great all around game.I do recommend... you need to experience it for yourself since there's so much I left out. Although the game is fantastic, I'll say I hated the quick-time-event boss fights, but again, it's ignorable when you look at the game as a whole.Moments that stand out: setting a dock on fire by flamethrower-ing an enemy, then low on health needing to retreat from enemy fire... I go to jump into the water and notice 2 sharks circling.Not many games can scare/startle me anymore, but this game made me jump a couple of times (running away from angry cougar only to have a crocodile grab me in shallow water).Do get this game, worth every penny for entertainment value -- especially next time it's on sale."
,Recommended,220240,15014431,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,GRAU,"A visually stimulating world packed full of jaw dropping moments thanks to the incredible character acting and voice acting. You’ll never be left wanting from the moment you watch the first cut scene to the explosive final moments of your journey. The islands are teeming with enemy bases to commandeer, rare animals to hunt down and sights that will keep you enthralled for hours on end.You are tasked with playing the role of a young, extremely energetic man named Jason Brody. You find yourself and 6 of your family members/pals trapped on a fictional island called Rook Island which is situated near Papua New Guinea. The island is chock full of wild life, pirates, exotic plants, hidden caves, waterfalls and small villages to name just a few attractions. Rook Island is completely at your disposal pretty much from the get-go. It’s up to you to decide how you utilise it.Intense IntroFar Cry 3 begins with you and your friends having an awesome holiday together, frequenting bars, beaches, getting into fights and eventually being convinced to undertake the bright idea of skydiving. Accompanied by M.I.A.’s Paper Planes, you are shown a montage of the Brody Bunch & co. having fun and then hurtling through the skies in skydiving gear. Just as you think you’re about to see your group land, the footage you have just been watching is revealed to have been playing on a phone in front of your face. A young, sunken eyed, scar-faced man with a mohawk and red clothing is shown to be the one who has been dangling the video through the bars of your cage for your viewing. As Jason Brody, you look around the cage you have been confined to and see your older brother Grant tied up to one of the pieces of bamboo which structure the cage.He wears a nice smile, but deep down he’s twisted beyond repair.The foul mouthed pirate then goes on to give one of the best acted scenes in computer game history, forcefully instructing you and Grant that he’s the one in charge and that he’s planning on ransoming you for a handsome profit. After being called away by another pirate, you learn that your captor is named Vaas (superbly acted and voiced by Michael Mando). Vaas leaves you and Grant in your cage but Grant, having been in the US Army Reserves, proves his resourcefulness by escaping from his bonds and moving over to free your own hands.From here you both go on to make a daring escape through the pirate village and at the same time become acquainted with the controls of the game. Having reviewed Far Cry 3 on a PC I can say that the controls are as intuitive as you could hope.I won’t go on to reveal anything else that transpires during this introduction to one of the most awe-inspiring games you’ll have played, but I will go on to detail the features of Far Cry 3 that make it such an excellent experience.GameplayFar Cry 3 is littered with gun fights, vehicle races, treasure hunts and a plethora of other fun features that will keep you occupied for hours. To progress through the story line, you are presented with a yellow exclamation mark on your map indicating where to go or who to talk to in order to move on to the next part of the game’s wild adventure.For those who prefer to whiz through the game without looking back, you could easily finish Far Cry 3 in around 15 hours. For completionists you’ll be pleased to hear that there’s a generous provision of side missions to extend the game’s value past 30 hours. I personally took my time by enjoying every single moment and finished the game in 49 hours. It could easily have been more if I decided to collect every treasure, relic and get a high score in every trial.Speaking of side missions, you have many options to choose from…Scouting the LandRadio towers scatter the map that, when climbed and activated, reveal a section of the island on your in-game map. These towers can prove quite challenging to traverse and if you slip and fall, you will most likely die. But don’t worry, you just have to start again from the bottom of the tower. Treasure chests can often be found along your climb that award you with money, items and ammunition so keep your eyes peeled. Once you reach the top, the camera display will zoom out and show you places of interest that surround the towers and also unlock a section of your map to display the land and it’s secrets. You’ll also unlock certain weapons that can be freely acquired from vending machines when you scout the towers.Unifying Pirate CampsPirate camps are also littered around Rook Island, and as the name suggests are controlled by pirates. To appropriate these camps, you can go in guns ablaze or prefer to take a stealthy approach. The main goal is to leave no pirates standing. If you are seen, the pirates will become alert and can activate alarms which summon extra squadrons of pirates in vehicles to your location. You will need to eradicate every pirate in order to raise the flag of the native people to this land and wipe out the pirate presence. Rewards come in the form of extra XP by appropriating a camp without being seen, so stay out of sight of those pirates and keep it quiet.TreasuresIf you were to unlock the entire map without picking up any treasures, you will see just how many relics, chests and the like are waiting for your discovery. Treasures can be found around buildings, in amongst trees and rocks, underwater or in hidden caves to name just a few locations. They act as a way to earn extra XP, money or items to sell for monetary gains. Going on treasure hunts can be incredibly fun, especially if you have to dive down a great big hole in the earth into deep, dark waters. Climbing back out is the tricky part.ChallengesAll sorts of challenges await you on your travels throughout Rook Island. Courier missions will have you pilot a selected vehicle and pass through certain check points to reach the recipient in a set amount of time; Time Trials allow you to drive yet another selected vehicle and follow a path laid before you until you reach the finish line; mini-games such as darts, poker or shooting ranges and more. The massive amount of gameplay hidden throughout Far Cry 3 is astonishing and manages to keep you interested for a long time.Trials of the RakyatTrials of the Rakyat take the form of a small ‘instanced’ area where you are tasked with getting a high score by killing enemies with a provided weapon in a set amount of time. Large red rocks can be found throughout Rook Island that transport you to these trial areas. By activating these rocks, you will be shown the requirements of the specific trial and the points you need to get to attain a high score. Some of these are great fun, especially the one which gives you a car to squish pirate after pirate with.Side-MissionsAfter taking control of a pirate camp, a job board will become available. You can pick up hunting or assassination jobs from these boards. Hunting will task you with seeking out a particular animal and disposing of it using a certain weapon. Assassination jobs will require you to find a specific pirate and kill him with your knife. However you’ll need to stay hidden if you don’t want a fire-fight to erupt. Each side-mission will award you with XP and money, so make sure you get out there and earn that moolah!Read the full review"
76561197983419516,Recommended,220240,11906549,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,=ASJA= [WCK]Aimbot,"I just finished this game and I liked it a lot, but there were problems. Some were just annoying, like how when I climb a ledge, I am grabbing the air 6 inches away from the ledge or how if I got a phone call before getting a main mission, I'd have to hear it every time I loaded the game or completed a side mission.The best part was combat. The enemies in the first half of the game are easy to hide from until you start shooting. In the second half, they will see you better, but you are wearing their uniform so they won't be hostile until you are, or if you go into a restricted area. My only problem with combat was that if I miss with the bow, the enemies know where I was shooting from, but if you hit, they didn't seem to know. What made it great though is how the enemies rally and more will come once you start making noise. What seems like an easy fight against two enemies can quickly become a fight against 6, coming from different directions.This game fixes a problem I had with FarCry 2. In FC2, I was annoyed that to get anywhere easily, I had to drive through several outposts which were constantly manned by enemies that respawned rather quickly. There were not multiple sensible ways to get somewhere. Here, there are enemies around and you have to be careful, but there are choices, such as driving on or off road, or walking over hilly terrain. You also don't keep fighting enemies in the same spot every time. However, there is one big problem. There are these enemy controlled outposts throughout the island. They are avoidable, so they don't have the problem FarCry 2 had. However, while clearing them is fun, especially trying to go undetected, clearing the outpost makes the area ""safe"" meaning the tribe you are helping takes over. Now you will have allies in the area instead of enemies. The problem is that this makes those areas boring as there is no longer a threat. It also breaks my immersion. Where were all these fighters before? If the pirates have complete control of the island, why do they never take these outposts back?There is actually some story justification for why you go quickly from inexperienced and afraid to a killing machine. It may or may not be enough for you, but it's something.This was the first open world game I was able to stick with my attempt to not use fast travel. The world is big, but unless you are going from one end to the other, you don't feel like it takes forever. The island is beautiful and they really did great work and put in many detailed areas. The relics are meaningless collectibles, but they are worth collecting to see the locations where they are hidden. The Letters of the Lost, letters written by Japanese soldiers from WWII, were interesting and worth finding.Finally, most of the side missions were fun. The supply runs were a blast because they make you drive over crazy terrain, not just a road. The Wanted Dead missions were also cool and requiring a knife kill made several difficult. However, some of the hunting missions are stupid, such as when you are asked to ""hunt"" rapid dogs with an RPG or flamethrower. That's the Path of the Warrior?The main antagonist, Vaas was one of the best I've seen. They do a great job of exploring if your character is actually becoming like his enemy. However, they deal with him in a really stupid way. Basically, he beats you in cutscenes several times throughout the game. After one of these times, you go into what seems like a dream state where you fight him. You have no reason to think anything about it is real, but you wake up and are told Vaas is dead. That's it. Lame.Edit: The story justification is actually really good, but it is horribly unsatisfying from a gameplay perspective.The last problem is that the ending gives you a choice despite there being no choices to make during the course of the game. One seems to fit, but the other makes no sense and you have absolutely no reason to choose it. It's as if they tried to give you a Star Wars dark side option, or a choice like the original Fable. However because there were no morality choices throughout the game, it didn't fit. Also, something happens that made me want revenge. I have never wanted to storm an enemy camp and kick♥♥♥♥♥more than I did at he end of this game, but it didn't let me.Overall, I do recommend it. It was fun, but there are problems that keep it from being great. 7/10"
,Recommended,220240,23050121,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CharlieLima79,"'Far Cry 3' is a very enjoyable open-world sandbox first-person shooter. Right off the bat, I was free to explore one of the two islands. I spent the first 16 hours of the game exploring, activating radio towers (the only time to date I actually enjoyed first-person platforming), hunting animals and relics, crafting bigger wallets and ammo bags, and -- the best part of the game -- liberating outposts. Given the dynamic game environment, each of my encounter or scenarios with enemies varied, and this made 'Far Cry 3' unpredictable and replayable.It wasn't until my 24th hour that I moved on with the story missions, which feature exciting set pieces and action. Just when I thought I've got the rhythm of the game down, the game granted me access to the second island. This second island features a different terrain, providing new challenges in liberating outposts and making me rethink my tactics. It's also full of nooks and cranies and secrets waiting to be discovered, just like on the first island.One of my very few gripes about 'Far Cry 3', however, was the boss battles. Like some of the contemporary action games I've played, boss battles were reduced to quick time events. This diminished the tension of the conflicts and made me feel more like an observer, resulting in rather unsatisfying gameplay. One particular boss battle was particularly disappointing because his character was already under developed; battling him by pressing a few buttons on cue made the experience even more underwhelming. This made me miss grand boss battles like those found in games like 'Crysis'Despite my annoyance about boss battles, 'Far Cry 3' remained entertaining and fresh as I approached my 50th hour into the game. The game has surprisingly much to offer. 'Far Cry 3' gets a very enthusiastic thumbs-up from me."
76561198124249545,Recommended,220240,10299151,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,LonelyLoser45 *THE ORIGINAL*,THE BEST GAME EVER THE $30 WERE SO WORTH IT XDDDDDDDD
76561198028333968,Recommended,220240,8514560,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,☠ 絕望的小丑 ☠,Yes it is worth to buy it on steam sale off!
76561198354864207,Recommended,220240,33349982,Posted: 7 July,all,DeadsecPool,"If I had to describe this game in one word, it would be art.Writing: 10/10 - superb. Though the overall premise is quite simple (stuck on island, must save friends), the execution is phenomenal, and you can truly empathize throughout the unpredictable twists and turns of this adventure. I spotted many writing techniques that added to the quality, such as a parallel episode at the end of which truly showcased the character development of Jason. For a person who deems writing as an essential quality to a great game, this game is impressive. Certainly better than many movies, tv shows, video games, and books of the genre.Gameplay: 9.8/10 - A game which truly lets you tackle objectives in your own way. And a skill tree that reflects that. A surprisingly good stealth system, weapons of which you can feel the impact, superb quality. My only gripes are that you have to be in the air a bit to long before deploying the wingsuit, thus if attempting to wingsuit down a hill that isn't 90 degrees, you might just land on the ground before deploying the wingsuit. Also, once you die, if you collected a bunch of loot, upgraded, finally killed that tiger before you saved, its all gone once you respawn. Once you achieve something, save.In conclusion: 10/10 masterpiece"
,Recommended,220240,33385669,Posted: 8 July,all,Djozar,"Picked this up during the Summer Sale. First impression was the only one needed for me. Well worth it! I noticed a komodo dragon nearing me, so I threw a rock to distract it. I didn't realize a goat was near where I threw the rock. The goat ran through the outpost, with a pack of komodo dragons in hot pursuit. The outpost soldiers attacked the dragons and the outpost was cleared without a single shot fired from my weapons. All thanks to a rock. Definitely one of the best RPG/Shooters I've ever experienced!As for the UPlay DRM, I had NO issues with it at ALL!!! I don't know WHAT the others are crying about! I linked my Uplay and Steam together so just playing a Ubisoft game logs me in if needed automatically. And the patches one reviewer said took them ages, took me a few seconds. I was DREADING that part, and was pleasantly surprised when that fear turned into me laughing hysterically at those who cried over it to begin with. It's not that bad!"
76561198258698124,Recommended,220240,35351838,Posted: 30 September,all,I8TunKop,"Vaas is one of the most memorable video game antagonists that I have come across. Replaying this game just for the scenes with Vaas is totally worth it. It doesn't hurt that the gameplay is phenomenal, and the story is so over the top, that it almost makes sense when you kill a guy with a blow-torch. Who would do that, but a psychopath?"
,Recommended,220240,35355561,Posted: 30 September,all,Chris,"One of my favourite singleplayer games. Very fun, lots to do, never gets boring (unless you play it for days). that's a 10."
76561198117526663,Recommended,220240,35313657,Posted: 29 September,all,blazquez.david,"Love this game. 65 hours played, what more can I say? Would recommend for FPS fans"
,Not Recommended,220240,35157768,Posted: 23 September,all,Isringyll,"Uplay,  Immediately uninstalled.  Last Ubisoft game for me."
,Not Recommended,220240,35426670,Posted: 2 October,all,Fenikkel,"A lot of problems to play this game. 30 minutes of reserching on google to fix the damn ubisoft interface and now, when I was playing seeing the first cutscean, the game crashed.I'M SO ♥♥♥♥ING TILTED ALIDHBapifhpiosduhfAHDF"
76561198171066477,Recommended,220240,35455695,Posted: 3 October,all,George 62,brilliant game one of the best story games of my life
,Recommended,220240,15648371,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Bulletspunge,"The uplay stuff (as far as I can tell) has been addressed and steam overlay and in-game status now work properly.Just figured I'd put that out there in the absence of a proper review given how many people downvoted this game because ""omgwtfbbq uplay nerrrrr"""
,Recommended,220240,14562245,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,WadeKastner,"Icredible graphics, gameplay and story. The real meaning of insanity"
76561198045348853,Recommended,220240,29956492,Posted: 15 February,all,chito.san,I was able to Kill a Komodo Dragon and Tiger ...Which Zoo in this d*mn world that gives such privilege?
,Not Recommended,220240,35432413,Posted: 2 October,all,elliscor,uplay says i dont own this game and i shouldnt have it in my steam libraryAAAAARRRRRRGGHH!!!!!!!!
76561198026081650,Recommended,220240,8512031,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,s0n0f0din,"Think Skyrim, with guns.  On an island."
,Recommended,220240,35485547,Posted: 4 October,all,skippyrocks,"I've finished FC3 on the PS3 and as a whole game it is impressive. (I loved the original FC but never got around to playing FC2)... FC3 offers a lot more options and ideas of playing. Having so many wild animals on the islands (and in the waters) adds new dimensions to playing the game- especially when you have opportunities to use wild animals to help cause chaos when trying to take down an enemy base! :)The story is good, action is excellent. It's a well balanced game that offers traditional story missions, but also gives you the choice to make your game 'easier' by taking out enemy bases along the way and also allowing you to open up areas of the map by taking control of radio towers. The crafting also adds a new dimension to the game that encourages a more thorough playing style- it gets a little easier (and more fun) the more you explore and discover (rather than just traditional levelling up and developing new skills- which FC3 also does well)...A fun, challenging and confronting game that will make you fear tigers, crocs, sharks and komodo dragons as much as human baddies (if not more)! It certainly earns its MA 15+ rating, so beware! :)"
76561198184221353,Recommended,220240,27849371,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Autist,Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,21202297,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Jihyo <3,"Its a really great game~ Far Cry Franchise is great~ Many might complain that Uplay ruins the experience but for me it doesn't really affect it~ I highly suggest that while you're downloading Uplay , Sign up for a Uplay account and also download the Uplay launcher. That way Uplay won't be like a door that always gets in your way."
76561198015877248,Recommended,220240,35477613,Posted: 4 October,all,Tactical_Leprechaun,Great game! I go back and play iot from time to time still. Would highly recomend.
,Recommended,220240,20318264,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Thomnewb,Nice QualityOpen World
,Not Recommended,220240,10547144,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Khyron,"Opened it up and saw uplay. Wish i never bought this pile of trash. Stop your political games, if i want a game on steam put it on steam not steam WITH uplay."
,Recommended,220240,18633830,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,farhan,good storyline
,Recommended,220240,12366144,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Z♥D,"Одна из самых лучших игр,в которые я когда либо играл."
,Recommended,220240,18472440,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,HrxoXD,AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220240,13708775,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Nic,"Umm 9.5/10, 2spooky4me"
76561198087669057,Recommended,220240,8844356,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Sniper Cosby,If you like Skyrim then you're gonna like Far Cry 3. It's like Skyrim with guns!
,Recommended,220240,10808064,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Th4t-H!T,Did I ever tell you what the definition of insanity is? Insanity is doing the exact... same ♥♥♥♥ing thing... over and over again expecting...♥♥♥♥♥♥to change... That. Is. Crazy...
,Recommended,220240,23988983,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ApolloDz,"Jason Brody cries out in horror the first time he watches his brother murder a man. When the sibling kills again, there’s a vulnerable tremble to Jason’s whimpering whisper. “I can’t do this, Grant.”Shortly afterward, in a moment of panicked self-defense, Jason rams a machete through an attacker’s throat.Far Cry 3 establishes a bleak and mature tone out of the gate. Jason, our protagonist, should fear the pirates running the tropical retreat of Rook Island. In his eyes, killing is not cool. Not yet. The emotional weight only gets heavier as he tries to save his missing friends from slave-trading psychopaths. In turn, Jason’s gradual transformation from coward to killer unfolds in a natural, believable way, which compensates for the narrow revenge premise. As its unpredictable, often uncomfortable story comes unhinged, Far Cry 3 challenges players’ principles: How far would you go to protect the people you love, and what kind of person would you become to get them back?Jason begins his evolution after escaping the clutches of Vaas, the mentally unstable leader of a pirate gang and the man who’s kidnapped his friends and family. Before having you hunt down Vaas, Far Cry 3 focuses nearly an hour on teaching you survival skills. Jason scavenges supplies, harvests plants, and crafts useful items from animal skins before ever firing a gun at a man. Choose not to take advantage of the wildlife at large and you’re missing out on important upgrades; bigger wallets hold more cash to buy better weapons, weapon holsters house additional firearms, and larger rucksacks store more goods. Motivation drives exploration because there’s a purpose for everything on Rook Island.Far Cry 3 is important for the same reason as Far Cry 2. It’s a shooter that considers shooters thoughtfully, both in the way they’re designed and the way we play them, and then asks us to do the same."
,Recommended,220240,12396613,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,i'm out of ideas,Very good game. The graphics are amazing and it's very addicting. It also has a great replay value and it's overall made very well. 10/10
,Not Recommended,220240,12953485,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,garwik,"Ubisoft needs to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.This game wil NOT run for me for more than 5 minutes of gameplay. And it doesn't just crash, it crashes my ENTIRE COMPUTER. This also seems to be a widespread issue with no solution in my case - Ubisoft has done nothing about trying to fix it whatsoever.Second of all, ""Incorporates 3rd-party DRM: Uplay Account Required"". No, ♥♥♥♥ off. There's a reason why this is on Steam. People didn't pay for this game and then are required to FORCIBLY make an account on Uplay. Most people who have Steam generally tend to want to play game ON their steam, not on some third-party DRM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Don't buy this. Ubisoft blew it."
,Recommended,220240,10734543,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Officer Mike Koritala,awesome game kind of fast at end but still fun
,Recommended,220240,12512986,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Gameranand,"I'll be honest. After Far Cry 2 I didn't had high hopes from this game. So I just took it casually and played and to my surprise this game is damn good. It offers you complete freedom on how you want to take on any outpost to liberate. Do you want a stealthy approach or you want to go guns blazing. Its entirely up to you. This game also have some RPG elements and you can upgrade your abilities by gaining points, however this is to be noted that game actually rewards a lot for going through the stealth approach.As for graphics, this game is awesome to look at, the grass, water, environment. Everything looks stunning and forest is well populated by animals which you can obviously kill and skin. You can also use them as your distraction for liberating a outpost if you wish to but bear in mind that it sometimes bites on your face as well. Once I was just waiting for right moment to kill a guard and suddenly a tiger came from my back and I had to abandon stealth and opt for guns blazing. Game does have some optimization problems though. I was running a 7870 Crossfire setup nut I wasn't getting acceptable framerates. This game is poorly optimized for Multi GPU setup for sure."
76561198005251936,Not Recommended,220240,29091162,Posted: 7 January,all,Power_Dan,"As I can't even play the game I've paid for, because UPlay won't recognise my login, and won't send me the email to reset the password, I'm afraid I can't recommend it. I feel ashamed I even bought this piece of Ubisoft crap with redundant UPlay bloat/spyware. Not happy."
,Recommended,220240,10234447,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Allen VarmaZ,soo goood :D niceEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,220240,8443881,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,『LightArrowsEXE』,"A beautiful game, with amazing graphics, combat mechanics, good set of characters and quite a uniqe storyline. Lots of stuff to do, even after beating the main story. A must-have if you like FPS's that let's you explore a lot of ground."
76561198070636258,Recommended,220240,6618818,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Lord of cancer,"Покупайте, не пожалеете!"
,Recommended,220240,10689166,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Leandersci,"While i have not yet completed the game on steam, i did previously have it on Uplay *shiver so I know how wsome this game is! This game makes me wonder how ubisoft can make a game so good, but also make crappy games like assasins creed. the islands are beautiful, and vaas is an amazing character that really freakes me out. the outposts are alot of fun to clear, and u can even reset them if u want to try to clear them a different way. this game is totally worth buying. 12/10"
,Recommended,220240,9285501,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kapitán,*squidge*
,Recommended,220240,9281793,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Sad Boy 350 v2,"The best thing about this game is that you can swoop in like a flying squirrel and murder some dude.   But when you try to do that to a guy who is five feet below you, you miss and have a very awkward conversation with him."
,Recommended,220240,7801320,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Sir Puddles,"""It's like Skyrim with guns!"" Said everyone but me. (Game said it)"
,Recommended,220240,12440834,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Valhuen,"Far Cry 3 is a great game with both a compelling story alongside a far reaching area to explore. While the main campaign does lead you by the nose, the ability to explore the island and take on a number of side quests extends the play value immensely. You will also meet one of the greatest villians in game history in Vaas Montenegro. The only negative IMHO is the invasive and unnecessary uPlay.All in all one of the better games of the genre I have played in years, superior to both previous Far Cry titles."
76561198042212951,Not Recommended,220240,13044516,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Phule of a Took,"The first few hours of this game I really enjoyed.  After that the game began to show its cracks.  In the first three hours you can craft all non-quest items (and the quest ones you can get in the next two hours), but most skills remain locked until you ""complete more missions"".  Dispite completing all non-plot related missions they remained locked.  Finally trying the plot related ones to unlock skills the game quickly went down hill.  Every lame cut scene I had to sit through to get to a few moments of play time, every ""Mash Space"" prompt made me more and more aggravated at the game.If you find Dragon's Lair style controls on a modern game fun then this might be the game for you.  If you actually want to play a videogame I recommend avoiding it and trying something else, anything else.Pros:- One or two descent dialogs made me laughCons:- ""Mash Space""- Skills remain locked well into the game- Tutorial prompts such as ""Pull Trigger to Fire"" as late as the forth and fifth Plot quests- About 5 hours of actual playtime- Being a console port some UI elements are not well thought out for a PC (crafting ""Use"" moving ""Make"" position throws off mouse clicks for example)- The rest of the dialogs- Antagonist is repetative and predictable"
76561198204669223,Not Recommended,220240,28652320,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,billsnake1,Lots of fun to play when it worked.  Uplay is a nightmare.  Will never get another game that requires Uplay.
,Recommended,220240,8365359,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Controversial Gopher,A very fun open world game that mixes the first person shooter with rpg elements.
76561198083585751,Recommended,220240,13501721,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Peperíňo,yeaa
76561197997447178,Not Recommended,220240,13174582,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,8ad Bra1n,"Call me defective but I really do not understand why this game got such rave reviews. Don't get me wrong, I really wanted to like this game. Granted, the game looks beautifull and the sandbox is massive, but the constraining, repetitive missions and the frustratingly clunky interface ruined the whole experience for me.There is no way to accomplish missions in batch. For example, when you do a picture taking mission, you cannot attack a pirate base nearby  without the picture mission failing. You end up redoing a lot of stuff because you get killed stupidly by a random tiger or fall off a ledge. If there is one thing I hate in video games, it is getting the feeling I'm doing work or being constrained.Also, missions get repetitive pretty quickly: hunt animals that move like they have ADD, attack bases, clib up towers, yada yada yada... boring.Those 2 things would be enough to justify calling it quits. Add Uplay (why does this thing even exist?) and the frustrating ""connecting to farcry3 servers"" everytime I open a menu just sealed the deal. Everything just felt incredibly tedious.Yeah, pretty graphics are nice, but when I play video games, I want to get a feeling of freedom and power that I don't get in real life. This game just feels like work, with a poorly designed interface, a bit like entering expenses on Lotus123, albeit with better graphics."
,Not Recommended,220240,9408302,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Mhooky,"engine is great. game runs smooth. island is beautiful. gameplay and story is shallow, hunting, looting, crafting: it´s there but it feels tacked on. it´s another one of those aaa´s of the last years that really try so hard to make things as easy and convenient for the player as possible. there´s nothing wrong with that but i am not a fan of this because it often comes with a huge trade off: immersion, tension and a true feeling of an achievement get´s sacrificed by this. the dream/drug sequences are cool and made me want to play a game that focuses much more on stuff like that rather than the shooting but that never happens so these scenes really just stay showcase scenarios with no, or very little impact on the gameplay at all. overall this is certainly not a bad game but i can´t recommend it to everyone. it´s completely aimed at a younger audience too which is a shame. the dialogue has a constant roll eye factor to it. that vaas guy seems to be interesting at the start but it never really gets there - the character gets stuck and never really delivers - good idea but it stays underdeveloped...like the whole game. it´s working, promising but falls short in delivering something great. mp is ok but suffers from that revive mechanic which breaks the flow and overall there are so many much better options avaialble in the competitive shooter arena that it´s not worth buying this game for."
,Recommended,220240,10071429,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Somoon,+1
,Recommended,220240,13000910,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,sirem,"this game opened my mind to a new paradigm of thought process. now i can be found in a local Arby's washroom stall, screaming for my life with a TOYOTA emblem hot iron branded on my left asscheek as im forced to renew my subscription toNapster.com"
,Recommended,220240,13078804,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,FireflY,Good game!
76561198156711209,Recommended,220240,21280957,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Zenith001,i have never had a bad uplay experience 10/10
,Recommended,220240,7888120,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,yao ming,"Really fun game, I was immersed throughout the whole time I played.  No problems playing it and it looks great! (Even on low settings)"
,Recommended,220240,29148345,Posted: 9 January,all,TGG [PT],Best FPS open world game ever made
,Recommended,220240,904560,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,snot,"in·san·i·ty [ɪnˈsænɪti]noun, plural in·san·i·ties.1. the condition of being insane; a derangement of the mind. Synonyms: dementia, lunacy, madness, craziness, mania, aberration.2. Law. such unsoundness of mind as frees one from legal responsibility, as for committing a crime, or as signals one's lack of legal capacity, as for entering into a contractual agreement.3. Psychiatry. (formerly) psychosis.4.a. extreme foolishness; folly; senselessness; foolhardiness: Trying to drive through that traffic would be pure insanity.b. a foolish or senseless action, policy, statement, etc.: We've heard decades of insanities in our political discourse."
,Recommended,220240,8688078,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,GDFa,"It has a good, but thin story / the openworld gameplay is not that nice.. 8/10"
76561198077153215,Recommended,220240,7958383,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,VAPE BROTHERS,"You burn a pot farm with a flame thrower while listening to skrillex. Safe to say one of the funnest experiences I have ever had in gaming. A very large open world with lots to do, eery activity is exciting and entertaining. The story has some great side characters and the compelling shift in character of Jason (you) keeps the story interesting through out. The choice of two endings at the end also is very interesting and worth at least making a seperate save file to relive the choice (if not play the entire game over again). Would highly recommend it for anyone simply looking to have nsane amounts of fun. The multiplayer and co op or decent but odds are you won't play more than an hour or two of either."
,Recommended,220240,7982429,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Xypher,"Great graphic, Great story"
76561198090047107,Recommended,220240,13361702,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,IcogamerXC,I cried so hard and cried so far but in the end it doesn't even matter.
,Recommended,220240,11337355,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Edgelord Lepine,one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198111616536,Recommended,220240,11153217,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,HoChiFinh,great game.  Graphics are amazing and the campaign is fun and challenging. Can't wait for FC4
,Recommended,220240,10968401,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,"Tom ""Gaylord"" Bombardil","good game, but Uplay f***ed this game up and took my $50 along with it, never get to play this game ever since,"
,Recommended,220240,9945398,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Fishken,"First off for all the people that post negative comments, bad reviews. And hate disscussins JUST because you have to get Uplay, SUCK IT UP! you are honestley missing out on a very good game. Uplay is a small thing you have to get to play Far Cry 3 and other Ubisoft games. It is very small, and there is cool DLC'S you can get from them just from getting acheivements in game (wich gives you points on you Uplay) my point guys, you don't wan't Uplay. Then keep it to yourself, stop complaining , and enjoy the game."
,Recommended,220240,11860102,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Werner,9.5/10Storyline is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,220240,19554099,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,"This game was amazing. probably the best game of 2012. the gameplay is great, open world, some rpg elements. i really liked the story. and the villians were awesome. if you like awesome shooters def grab this one. i played this game a bunch on xbox 360 before i got it on steam."
,Recommended,220240,18840234,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Cpl. Copperhead,"As you can see by the time i've spent playing this, i absolutely love this game - it's... it's just... almost perfect. I have nothing else to say.Pros-Nice graphics, especially for 2012-One of the best stories i've encountered in Video Games-Characters feel alive, especially Vaas-Open world with a big map and a bunch of secrets like secret ammo stashes, caves behind waterfalls, WW2 bunkers and temples-Reraidable outposts-Different styles of gameplay-Guns of courseCons-Sometimes really annoying bandits or privateers - don't get me wrong, they're a nice addition, but sometimes you meet them over and over again and well...-Weapon modification - You can't really customize weapons much - only paint, and a couple additions to the characteristics. Like just a couple of scopes and an extended mag - that's basically all what is useful. Also - silencer-Friendly AIOpinion - 9/10Adios, amigo"
76561198117521997,Recommended,220240,23116858,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dr.Penguin,YES
,Recommended,220240,25489530,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,✪ dpLn,"Hello guys,First of all, the story is awesome. At the beggining you can easily feel the action. Graphics are good for 2011. For the dislike part, sometimes you need to go a place to another and it tooks distance. Sometimes it is boring."
,Recommended,220240,12192985,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Say My Name,"Bom gameplay, boas mecânicas e um ótimo level design, que mesmo com uma história e personagens horríveis, sobressaem-se aos defeitos."
,Recommended,220240,10192538,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Running Freak,"Getting drugged, seduced, and killing modern pirates is pretty fun."
,Recommended,220240,25441662,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,/// LoneWOLF,This game is awesome
,Recommended,220240,11087549,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ledshot,I found this game was terrific and I did a completionist play though in 24 hours and I can say it was a game that kept pulling me in to finish it.Furthermore the way they tied in the secondary missions to aid the primary missions and increased entertainment value.
,Recommended,220240,10159382,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Robro,there was this snake that i wanted to be friends with and it bit me so i blew it up with a c4
76561197975307155,Not Recommended,220240,14411476,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Masterbagger,Requires Uplay. Do not recommend for this reason.
76561198154739470,Not Recommended,220240,30727970,Posted: 25 March,all,Monty the Moose,"This is an amazing game. It's great. It's exciting. It's engaging. AND IT CRASHES EVERY 15 GODDAMN MINUTES. It's taken me about one hour just to complete the first incredibly basic mission because it constantly crashes and loses all of my progress. So it's an amazing and unplayable game. ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft, if you're going to make a good game MAKE SURE IT ACTUALLY WORKS. This is a common problem with Far Cry 3  as I found out after I bought it. No fixes yet, and I tried all the random suggestions that other people had for fixing it. Nothing worked, unsurprisingly. So now I have to decide between wasting my $7 and ignoring an incredibly fun game or torturing myself by having to take ten times as long to do everything because it constantly crashes and I have to start over."
,Recommended,220240,20126087,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,usedtobegod,cry far 3
,Recommended,220240,13029980,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Nocturnal,So much love for this game!!! Currently playing the new one and it is Alot of fun but i will never forget Vas. Such a well written Villain gave so much depth and Really immersed you into the Story that they were telling!
,Recommended,220240,8677280,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Monzy,"Pisse fedt spil! Kan godt komme til at føles lidt repetitivt, når man ca. er halvvejs, men så tager handlingen et twist."
,Recommended,220240,15750301,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,reserve for PENTA Esports,"Gorgeous game, with emersive gameplay that just keeps you playing for hours on end :)(also, people who complain about uplay are really dumb. Uplay works just fine)"
76561198033357842,Not Recommended,220240,22070863,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Your racist uncle [SALTZGOD],"A lot of people think this is a good game. It's not.First off, you only have access to a few weapons, certainly not more than 20. This isn't weapon types, or weapons that you can buy different models of. Just 20 weapons, period. And they're terribly easy to get. Within 1 hour of starting the game, I had access to the assault rifle I used for literally THE REST OF THE GAME. The combat is also pretty stupid since you face the exact same enemies over and over and over again. All in all, combat gets repetitive enough that you actually hope no enemies show up. IN AN FPS.You gain xp (?) from getting to checkpoints in the story which unlocks skills periodically. They're not impressive and are mostly useless, and I'm confident you could beat the entire game without ever looking at the skill tree. As an example, there's a skill that lets you assassinate an enemy from below by climbing onto the ledge they're stanging on. It sounds badass, but the opportunity to do this comes up only like twice in the whole game.To be fair, the visuals and exploration system are the highlights of this game. There's nothing quite like going to the highest point in the map and jumping off with a hang glider. You can also explore caves and abandoned Japanese bunkers to find relics and other crap that gives you the history of the island. All that stuff is marked on your map though, so there's no real exploration going on.Finally, this game has NO replay value at all. It's totally linear except for the ending cutscene (you can choose one of two endings, both of which are anticlimactic). Apart from that, you have no choices to make and no way to influence the story. If you were dumb enough to play this game again, you would have to do all the same stuff you did the first time around, just to get to one alternate 30-second cutscene.You'd be better off buying skyrim, which has crazy replay value, and watching the cutscenes from far cry on youtube. That would give you the full experience of this game without costing a cent."
76561198039442938,Not Recommended,220240,27800300,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,John Doe,"Loved this game for 15 minutes I could play, then Uplay got in the way."
76561198064261609,Not Recommended,220240,22075541,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Radioactive,"A laughibly bad ""rpg"" shooter with a bland at best combat system. Its like Skyrim execpt without any of the features that made Skyrim a fantastic game.Waste of money and an even bigger waste of time."
,Recommended,220240,8512651,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Czar Thsar999,"8/10 Definitly the peak of the main FarCry series (so far). Open world, beautiful, good stealth system, good combat. I feel like the game should have been longer to give more time for me to connect with the main characters friends, I just didn't give enough of a♥♥♥♥♥♥about them. The second island felt too short, and I didn't hate Hoyt enough the same way I hated Vaas. Vaas is my favorite villian EVER by the way. Besides what I mentioned the game is perfect. If you're looking for a good FPS, get this. There's no connection to past FarCry game, in the way of story, so don't worry about that. Uplay is required to play this game by the way, it's free, it's like Ubisofts steam kinda, this game is SO good that I really don't even mind, plus there's a way to get the high tides DLC for free through their rewards and win thing. Multiplayer isn't even good though in my opinion. This isn't a game I would buy for the multiplayer, but the singleplayer is SO good the multiplayer doesn't even matter."
,Recommended,220240,17638599,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Temprest,"Good game, great graphics too! This game has one of the best story lines I ever seen since skyrim. I rate 8.5/10"
76561198043486967,Not Recommended,220240,10464651,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Keeper,DO NOT EVER BUY ANOTHER UBISOFT GAME!!! They now require you to use/have/register a UPLAY account and log in to thier Steam Clone....I will never buy another game that has the requirement to register with thier Steam Clone to play....Guess what thats why we have Steam....to click play in steam library and play said game...This is a horrible marketing trend that more and more Devs must have thier own version of Steam ....guess what you will no longer get my $1000s of dollars or email or biz again....GAMERS UNITE AND FIGHT AGAINST THIS TREND >>>BE VOCAL AND SAY NO>>>WAY!!!
,Recommended,220240,18538514,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Bee Movie Script,went in a cave full of mushrooms.....100/10 would get high again
,Recommended,220240,8477365,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,4th,"I'd say this was the best game I played in 2013, but as it came out in 2012, I'm gonna go ahead and say it is one of the best games I've played in 2012 as well as 2012. Great story, great gameplay, great music. All comes together to give you some of the best experiences you'll have in gaming, and I can say that without a doubt. Steal system was excellent too.Presentation: 10/10 - Nothing that I noticed could have been improved.Graphics: 10/10 - Even for it's time, this game has outstanding graphics. If you have the rig for it, pump it up to max graphics and you will be in for a ****ing treat.Sound: 9/10 - The music in this game is fantastic, and there is nothing scarier than trecking through the jungle only to hear a leopard or something of the sort nearby. Some of the weirdest music pieces have been used in some situations, but that adds to the charm. Weird doesn't necessarily = bad, mind you.Gameplay: 9.5/10 - The shooting, the running, the falling, the swimming, the stealthing, the rock throwing, the bow mechanics, everything. Oh and did I mention you will be able to go cliffjumping?Lasting Appeal: 9/10 - As far as the multiplayer goes, that left a little to be desired but honestly it was still pretty decent. I had fun for a few hours running around shooting people, similarly to titles like Call of Duty, etc, but with a few twists on the gameplay. If you have a few friends to play with in a deathmatch or even the co-op missions I wasn't honestly very fond of, and you will have yourself some fun times with this game after finishing the story. Hell, you may even want to repeat the story like a lot of my friends have on a higher difficulty. Definitely a lot of replayability here."
,Recommended,220240,15363009,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Brysk,"I burned  a field of opium with a flamethrower, got high off said opium, murdered all the opium men with a bow and arrow and blew up the head opium mans boat with an RPG. All while listening to Damian Marley & Skrillex.10/10 would listen to Jr. Gong & Skrillex again"
,Recommended,220240,33591395,Posted: 16 July,all,Reanimate,"Far Cry 3 is an amazing game, and a game that I consider one of my favorites. Everything just works really well. The gameplay, story, setting, and characters mesh together nicely and form a unique tropical vacation that you will never forget!The story revolves around Jason Brody, a rich kid and daredevil who takes adrenaline rushing vacations numerous times a year. This time, you decide to go on a massive vacation with your other rich friends: a stock broker Keith, a champion swimmer Liza, a skilled pilot and your little brother Riley, a pot smoker and couch potato Oliver, and US Army veteran and your big brother Grant. While partying at a club, a man tells you about a skydiving excursion that he'll personally take you on, but you'll be blindly skydiving into an island that isn't certified. Despite denial among some people in the group, everyone agrees to it. What they didn't know is that they would be skydiving into an experience they would never forget, and I'm not talking about the skydiving part. Once they land on the island, all the friends are captured by pirates and are are used to try and get ransom money from the parents, then are thrown into a slavery ring. Jason Brody successfully escapes from one of these slavery camps. Now it is up to you to save all your other friends from imprisonment before they are sold into slavery by the main villains, Vass Montenegro and Hoyt Volker.PositivesBeautiful graphics.The graphics of Far Cry 3 look great, despite being an older game. They have aged well, and because of the age, the game is easy to run on NVIDIA cards on Ultra settings. My 960 could run this game at 1080p Ultra settings with no MSAA and stay at 55-60 FPS. I recently got my 980 Ti and I can run this game at 1080p Ultra with 8x MSAA, and I get a locked 60 FPS.Great story.The story of Far Cry 3 is great. It's insane in a good way, and you see Jason, along with other characters of the game, change and become new people as the story goes along, and you start to take a sort of side with the different people in the game. There's an important choice you have the make at the end of this game that this all leads to.Plenty of content.Along with the long and plentiful campaign, there's plenty of other side activities that you can partake in, such as Supply Drop missions, Wanted Dead quests, rare animal hunting, and collectible hunting!Awesome characters.All the characters in this game are likeable. All your friends are unique, and they're all neat people to get to know. Riley and Vaas were my two favorite characters in the game, especially Vaas. Vaas is probably one of the best villains you will ever come across in gaming. Despite some negative feedback, I liked Hoyt too. Some people say that Vaas should've been the only villain and he should've been in the game more, which I can agree with, but I didn't mind Hoyt that much at all.Vibrant and alive world.The setting of this game, the Rook Islands, is vibrant, alive, and completely awesome! It's a tropical/jungle island with tons of different animals inhabiting it, from bears, panthers, goat, tigers, sharks, deer, and many more, and these animals act like animals. Tigers will go after prey and attack them, and will also attack you if they see you. You can kill these animals for pelts that you can use to craft bigger pouches and holsters for stuff like ammo and grenades, and you can find rare animals through quests to get special pelts used to craft the best gear. There's different tombs and old WWII bunkers that you can explore to find collectables. There's two massive islands that the game is based around. There's what I call the Vaas Island, the one that inhabits pirates, and the Hoyt Island, the one that inhabits privateers. Both islands are great and varied in some ways. Vaas' island is dense tropical jungle, while Hoyt's island is more mountainous and void of almost any trees.Above-average selection of guns.From assault rifles to flamethrowers to bow and arrows, this game gives you an arsenal that you can use to save your friends, and you can do it your way! Will you sneak in with a bow and arrow and play a stealthy characters for more XP, or will you go in with a RPG and LMG and make as much noise as you can for the excitement and the fun? You get to choose your way!Plenty of multiplayer content.Along with the long campaign, there's also plenty of multiplayer content. There's a seperate co-op campaign with 4 unique characters seperate from the main campaign that you and 3 other friends can play through if you wish. There's a competitive multiplayer shoot-em-up counterpart that's kinda like CoD set in the Rook Islands. I'm not sure if people still play multiplayer a lot as I never got around to trying it, but from what I played back on the Xbox 360, it's pretty fun, and has some unique things that CoD doesn't have.NegativesBad performance on AMD cards.My RX 480, a card that is much better than the GTX 960, would get much worse performance. On 1080p Ultra, the RX 480 would get tons of dips into the 40s, while the 960 would stay at 55-60 FPS even during combat. It seems as if any AMD card runs this game like trash.Uplay.This game handles Uplay very poorly. There's two versions of this game: the base game and the deluxe edition. Problem is, once you buy the base game, you can't upgrade to the deluxe edition! If you want to upgrade the base game to the deluxe edition, you have to refund the base game and buy the deluxe edition, otherwise Steam treats the deluxe edition as another copy of Far Cry 3, so you can't buy it if you already own the base game. It was annoying, but at least I could fix the problem. This issue was fixed in Far Cry 4 where the DLC was on Steam as actual DLC instead of being one edition of the game.SummaryDespite any negatives this game might have, I still think Far Cry 3 is a great experience and one vacation everyone should take in their time of PC gaming. I love this game to death, and I'm glad it was my introduction into the Far Cry franchise.I wanted to throw in one tip right here. If you buy the deluxe edition, make sure you enter the key they give you in the game under Exclusive Content. I didn't do this until the very end of the game because I thought the content was already activated, but you have to activate the key in the main menu. Make sure to do it before you play as you get various early game bonuses."
39478923749721012,Recommended,220240,10514383,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Resinox,Far cry 3 is a open world fps shooter that plays on a island and you have to take your revenge against pirates that killed your bro. Well basicly it's skyrim with weapons. Must buy!My only complain...Uplay.....
,Recommended,220240,10672753,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cannabutter,"Pretty fun game. Def not as amazing as people make it out to be, but I feel like I can sink a lot of time into this game. 0/10 don't even ♥♥♥♥ing think about it."
76561198302547918,Recommended,220240,29620728,Posted: 31 January,all,BigLady,"Simply the best game i've ever played. No, seriously this is the best game humankind ever created"
,Recommended,220240,30080240,Posted: 21 February,all,E ϟ T L A N D,👍
,Recommended,220240,13619613,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,3P1C,10/10Would learn the definition of insanity again
76561198045972141,Not Recommended,220240,25026930,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,kill9779,"well, now i have bought this game twice... and now uplay wont let me sign in, creat a new user name at all!!! i know uplay is a pain to deal with and i had problems the first time but i tell you what.i think im going to just make a statement and get a refund and let em see why they need to get away from the 3rd party gaming or at least make it workable this is just dissapointing!so looks like if i play far cry 3 it will be on the 360"
,Recommended,220240,8894671,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Luddesmurf,Amazing game!
76561198124176074,Recommended,220240,33239700,Posted: 4 July,all,007psycho,"Farcry 3  one of my favorite games ever! i finished it several times(i had diffrent account in uplay thats why i dont have many hours in this acoount) . Farcry 3 relased in 2012 and still has perfect graphics well designed map and nice gameplay. I can say this game is type of ""never dies"" .My ratings:Graphics: 8/10 (some plant bugs decreased my rate)Story: 9.5/10 has amazing story it would be shame if i rated it below 9.gameplay: 9/10 has really easy keybindings and gamer-friendly.diversity: 8/10 there are less cars than i thought. enemy outposts are nearly same. it would be much better if they had created more variety of local soldiers (their faces and clothes nealry same). etc.characters: 10/10 they made incredibly amazing job in characters JUST AMAZING (Vaas <3)physics: 8/10 it would be perfect if they have added bullet drop and wind physics. cars handling is not bad(at least for ubisoft game :) )Final thoughts:This game is masterpiece and every gamer should play at once. This is still best game in farcry series. characters, island game atmosphere is completely solid."
76561198064246269,Recommended,220240,24662351,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,KrashFrancis,just as good as i remember
,Recommended,220240,7750583,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kinsmarck,"“Did I ever tell you the definition of insanity?”Gamers, if you’re fans of  first-person shooters or sandbox games, buy Far Cry 3. Buy it right now. Really, go ahead, I know Steam is open.  You're reading this on it right now.  I’ll wait.  Squared away?  Good.Allow me to start by saying that there's a very good reason for Far Cry 3 to be called the ""Skyrim of action games."" Ubisoft Montreal put together a blockbuster with this colorful descent into a surreal and bloody madness, departing refreshingly from the bland letdown that was the game’s predecessor.The game’s action elements are solid, boasting tight, well-polished shooting, simple and intuitive driving controls, and a suitably varied array of♥♥♥♥♥kickery available to players.  Its pseudo-RPG elements are also pleasantly deep for an FPS game.  The iterative augmentations to players’ melee and stealth abilities are particularly noteworthy, as each is often more brutally satisfying than the last, serving as fitting rewards for players, and as visceral illustrations of the main character's transformation from stranded adrenaline junkie to primal killing machine.  Each ability’s visual representation as a part of an increasingly intricate series of tattoos along Jason’s forearm is a nice touch of artistry and immersion as well.Between these abilities and Far Cry 3’s limited but effectual weapon customization options, it’s this potential for personalization that allows players to gradually carve out their own play style in Far Cry 3’s organic and flexible combat system.  One may select increasingly potent health boosts, and pack a shotgun and a fistful of grenades for wrecking pirate faces.  Another may opt for a more stealthy approach, relying instead upon knife takedowns, silenced guns, and environmental hazards to distract and dispatch enemies.Like bears.  In no other game may you make tactical bear-strikes.  Developers, get on this.  Now.An additional co-op mode, complete with its own story arc, alongside a fairly standard competitive multiplayer mode, keep Far Cry 3’s long-term entertainment value afloat, offering multiple gaming experiences under one digital roof.  That said, it’s worth noting that the game’s multiplayer modes don’t  allow for near the customization or freedom as that of the single player experience, though that’s to be more or less expected.  The gift that keeps on giving, however, is Far Cry 3’s admirably user-friendly map editor, which its player base has taken to creating some creative arenas with.Sadly, Pokerface Deathmatch is not one of them.On the technical end of things, Ubisoft obviously took their time with coding and QA testing this title. Even on mid-level gaming rigs, Far Cry 3 runs with admirable efficiency, and it’s a real treat on more powerful systems.  Even on consoles, the game is gorgeous in every aspect of its presentation, from its smooth graphics and diverse soundtrack, to say nothing of the actors’ stunning performances. Regarding the latter, my hat is way, way off to Michael Mando for his performance as Vaas, the game’s first and most memorable antagonist.The standout flaw of Far Cry 3 is that there simply isn’t enough of it.  The single-player story is rather short, ends abruptly, and doesn’t have much replay value.  Side missions will only last players so long, and once players clear regions of enemies, there’s no real sense that their victories are ever in jeopardy.  Once you’re finished with an area’s tasks, there’s just not much reason to go back. This, coupled with the patronizing hand-holding of the game’s map function keeps Far Cry 3 from really capitalizing on the dangerous wonder of its setting.In all, Far Cry 3 looks, feels, and plays like a startlingly entertaining amalgamation of standard FPS fare, Assassin’s Creed, and Skyrim, and damnit, I want more.Rating: 7.8Visuals: 9Audio: 8Controls & Mechanics: 7Atmosphere & Experience: 7Entertainment Value: 8For more reviews, articles, and videos, visit{LINK REMOVED}LastLevelPress.com!"
76561198110875599,Recommended,220240,13870621,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Wolf,Amazing game one of the best games i have ever played it has the stealth of assassins creed the free raoming of skyrim and the shooting from call of duty this is an amazing game and i cannot reccommend it enough although i wish Uplay would go and kill itself it really has no eed to be here. 9/10 very good buy. :)
,Not Recommended,220240,10986226,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,SCOOTY BOOTY PATOOTY,"How much do you want to bet that the reason I can't reccomend this game is because of Uplay?Well, it is because of Uplay...Sort of.Everyone should know that Uplay shouldn't have existed in the first place. It's absolutely horrible. Now that I've gotten that out of the way, I had other issues with the game that truely ruined the experience for me. The main issue I had was that the game runs horribly on my PC, because I use an AMD card. Just about every Ubisoft game runs horribly with AMD cards. I went from the highest graphics settings on most games, to the lowest settings for Far Cry 3. Even then, I was only able to get about 30 fps while playing.Along with the framerate issues, the game just didn't work correctly in some places. While driving in vehicles, the game would eventually stop rendering the world on the minimap. If I went past the area on the map that was not loaded yet, the game would immediately crash. I also ran into some random crashes about ever 20 minutes or so. This completely ruined the game for me, making me never want to touch it ever again after 2 hours of playing.If your computer is using an AMD graphics card, then I cannot possibly recommend this game to you. Go buy a different open world game like GTA IV or Skyrim. This game is not for you."
76561198045742750,Recommended,220240,11122176,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Dill12001,Completed Awesome Love it Screw Vaas
,Recommended,220240,7877626,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,five finger death punch,i cant read
,Recommended,220240,31698158,Posted: 12 May,all,chiefjazzdiewltr,"Lots of replayability, nice atmosphere, beautiful map."
,Recommended,220240,8326450,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,so the game plays itself?,"There's no actual crying, 2/10"
76561198132515984,Recommended,220240,13088339,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Dafuq?seriously?,Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.Best game forever.
76561198093722849,Not Recommended,220240,28806449,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,asstastic,I love this game. I HATE UPLAY. F UBISOFT RIGHT IN THE A. SREKCUFREHTOM!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,220240,9278131,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,funny bunny,♥♥♥♥ Uplay
76561197987019277,Not Recommended,220240,9271164,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Comet,"Uplay is THE biggets load of ball I have ever had the misfortune of having to run on my pc. It's sits, fat and struggling to breath, right next to Windows Live and Origin. Just tried to play the game but the servers are down. FarCry is amazing! but Uplay can Usuck my nuts."
,Recommended,220240,1225868,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,StingingVelvet,"Far Cry 3 allows you to play the kind of missions you like, the way you like to play them, and still drown in quality content. I loved taking the outposts, exploring the world and doing the story missions when I felt more like going in guns blazing. The stealth, action and exploration are all top notch."
76561198021684759,Not Recommended,220240,8583186,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,GerardMT,"First of all I want to excuse me for my English and I'm going to explain all the issues I had with FC3.Before I bought the game I used to play it ""pirate"" with the version 1.04 that was working normal on single-player.1. My game crashes after every match on MP and as I searched there's NO SOLUTION.2. For a week I was not able to join any game and got stuck on the finding lobby. I have no idea how I solved it. All other games/programs and Uplay games where working ok.3. I lost all my save games and I couldn’t use a download save game because they are encrypted with your Uplay username. So you cannot use any other save game different from yours. And no, there's no actual way to decrypt the. For the version 1.04 there a tool called FC3 Save Helper.4. I had an FPS issue and I don't know why. On my GTX590 I was getting 20-30 FPS. Now I'm getting 50-75 (Refresh limit).5. My friends cannot join to my CO-OP games and I can't join to their games.And more small issues...So feel free to buy this ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm not going to buy another game from UBISOFT."
,Recommended,220240,10980972,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,L0CKKY,Can't stop playing. 9.9/10
,Recommended,220240,25075510,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,juliano,Did I ever tell you the definition ofinsanity?Insane/10
76561198012055885,Recommended,220240,25119908,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Pvt.Snowball,"Put 'ride of the valkyries' in any chopper scene, and you have won my heart."
,Recommended,220240,12805170,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Seamus,"My game of the year for 2013, a MUST play for any FPS fan."
,Recommended,220240,10109330,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,dennys 1v9,"Amazing Game, highly recommend to play and is fun. 10/10"
,Recommended,220240,19708235,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,jk fk u,"Not bad,Good GameGood qualityGood co opi like to play hunt with friends"
,Recommended,220240,11842023,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,jon,Great Game. You need a beefy computer. Mine runs at altra and 60 fps. It's great.BUY BUY BUY
,Recommended,220240,31216915,Posted: 18 April,all,✪Akÿla_AG✪ | Gamdom.com,what.........I dunno where to start..???So Play d game first.
,Recommended,220240,31836409,Posted: 19 May,all,Notorious B.I.G Smonk,God damn it Vaas
,Not Recommended,220240,29173094,Posted: 10 January,all,unclejemima,"i liked this game, it makes me sad that i cant play anymore as MANY game breaking glitches. I cant finish the medusas mission as it doesnt give me a promt to open a door vital to the mission. in the first mission im unable to throw rocks the distract the guards, and if i manage to fix this (4-5 hours of trouble shooting) my screen simply blacks out durring the next cut scene."
76561198170601945,Recommended,220240,31109395,Posted: 12 April,all,Quadrupe Q,"Don't let my play time fool you, I've owned this game on PS3 and completed the story twice, it still is the best FarCry in my opinion. If you're thinking of jumping into first person open world survival games I would highly recommed this game to start off with."
76561198216287884,Recommended,220240,30851054,Posted: 31 March,all,T0X1C,Cool :D
76561198236658474,Recommended,220240,34220994,Posted: 13 August,all,Kızıl Atın Süvarisi,far cry 3 feels like... a story that you wil never forget﻿
76561197992045081,Recommended,220240,1358021,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Atsuta Extreme,すげぇよ、面白いよコレ前作の問題点をきちんと解決して進化させてます2が合わなかった人にもオススメしたい一品2が合ってた人は間違いなく楽しめる一品
76561198060215746,Not Recommended,220240,29473370,Posted: 24 January,all,Player 2,"It's a really great game, but be warned that Uplay will proabably render you unable to play it, if not immediatly, than the next time you try to launch it with a frsh install/another computer. I can't recommend this in Uplay's contantly broken state."
,Recommended,220240,7887487,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ultimat3spaz,"I enjoyed this game as a dirty console peasant and now this game as passed all expectations with colours so high in frequency they have just exploded into gamma rays. Unfortunately, this game has Uplay incorporation. Vaas is the best villian ever."
76561197983740996,Recommended,220240,17057878,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Chane,"Fantastic game!I love it!- great story- many addictive side quests- fighting is fun- freedom to choose your preferred form of attack, stealthy or aggressive- awesome graphics- beautiful sunshine island- all kind of animals, sharks, tigers, bears, snakes, ...- lots of customizable weapons- nice rpg features- kites, wing-suit, parachuteIt's just great!"
,Recommended,220240,20216301,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,A N G E R Y CURRY MUNCHER,"This game is truly amazing.I have never played a game like this before.I have NEVER played a game like this before.I got this game for $7.49, and at that price, I had to pick it up.This was my first Far Cry game, and it is the only one so far, unless you count Blood Dragon, which is also great.I don't think I've ever had so much fun in a singleplayer game before. For me, it's right up there with Bioshock Infinite and Spec Ops: The Line.10/10 - Well worth the money, even if it's not on sale."
,Recommended,220240,30594925,Posted: 18 March,all,hkr,Cons:UplayPros:Everything else
76561198261400930,Recommended,220240,33408142,Posted: 9 July,all,fraggaren #zubaya,The game is better than far cry 4 in many ways
76561198049631707,Recommended,220240,9232400,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,[TCE]Cowloween,The Cow Empire Likes This Game
,Recommended,220240,2312306,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,theironpaw,"Far Cry 3 is one of those games you hear about and hold off until you either hear good reviews or goes on sale. I purchased this guy on release ($80) it was worth it I sat down for a weekend and aimed to play right through it and finish it. It was a challenge but I did it. Overall the game was great. However the looting gets old real fast. However the crafting system added into the game is amazing. you basically craft items to hold more stuff which makes perfect sense. You need to hunt animals and mix certian parts to create these parts. it is extremely well polished and fun. Kinda like a FPS Skyrim without all the bugs. I had a blast it was a very good improvement since their last game FC2 which was repetitive until you wanted to kill yourself. Try it out, probably not at its full price but it’s a good investment of time. It does get a bit linear in SP missions, but ill recommend playing multiplayer its heaps of fun. Go check out the trailer!"
76561198082489007,Not Recommended,220240,9237627,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Don Trump 4,"U-Play sucks. I wasted 8 dollars only to be shut out from playing because of an ""invalid"" CD key-the same key that I just used hours ago to start playing the game"
,Recommended,220240,11083256,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Piggly Wiggly,"8/10Overall an excellent game but, just like Far cry 2, repetitive side-missions/activities and disappointing 'boss' battles."
,Recommended,220240,10987086,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,morbe,The Citra...
76561198035636601,Recommended,220240,29305931,Posted: 16 January,all,Chloe the spoopy dragon,Ive stoped midgame to tell you she stole my virginatay! i cant belive this♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubi you got some fantastic boobs! and i cant belive ppl were wacthing wtf man i didnt want to be rapeed i just wanted my gf.
,Recommended,220240,9201703,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,iwash,"A good game.The credits are a bit long, but they did give me time to remember that although I had decided to sacrifice myself to save my friends. should that ever come up, relatively soon in the game, I didn't once think about trying to save a different character who I knew wouldn't make it out alive, even though he was incredibly nice to me.I appreciate it when a game gives me a chance to feel the weight of my decisions, and even though the story is very contrived (it's a vidja game), it didn't feel completely out of the question to be doing the things I was doing.Except skinning dogs. Surely there's some other way to get a new wallet. Duct tape. Leaves? ♥♥♥♥ it, I'l just carry the money in my dogmeat-free pockets, thanks."
,Recommended,220240,9121591,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sony-Killer,MUito bom otimos graficso jogabilidade perfeito massa pra caramba voce se diverte  e vicia nele :)
,Recommended,220240,10635775,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,calico cat,"Good game. Looks beautiful, nice story, fun to play with friends and alone. Best part is: Free roam. Collecting stuff. Surviving. I love games like that. I recommend it to anyone. It's a really good game and worth the money."
,Not Recommended,220240,22052707,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,hamster,"Loved this game back on console and really want to reccomend it, but at this time it won't even launch so I am having to return it."
76561198061221056,Not Recommended,220240,23976519,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Righteous Toaster,"I love Far Cry 3 and when it came on special I purchased it immediately.However, both Far Cry 3 and Blood Dragon both crash about 30mins in every time I play.My PC meets/exceeds the minimun requirements so I dont know what to do now :("
,Recommended,220240,11235170,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,💥ℬⅈ ff💥,Teaches you how to kill pirates and hunt. I learnt a lot.
76561198051507107,Not Recommended,220240,14166988,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,TURD BURGALER,"Uplay is bunk. The game is good but my purchase was literally a donation to steam as Uplay has prevented me from playing by telling me my CD Key is ""already in use with another account."""
,Recommended,220240,872383,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,PHANTOM,"This game took everything that made Far Cry 1-2 great and raised the bar higher than expected.Far Cry 3 is an emotionally driven open world action adventure that will haunt you long after you finished the game. I haven't seen an open jungle world this impressive since Crysis, and that's saying a lot.It's one of those rare games that come a long and want to constantly revisit. I'm also a big fan of Brian Tyler's movie scores. He's done great music for films like The Hunted, AVP-R, Battlefield LA, Rambo 4, and now Far Cry 3. A rare gem you shouldn't miss.10/10"
76561198190431418,Not Recommended,220240,29550514,Posted: 28 January,all,mikeymike226,"Amazing game, and without a doubt, one of my all-time favorites.  A loot-shooter with TONS of things to do, and a huge island to explore.  I probably did 2 or 3 playthroughs on console, and after recently building a new gaming PC, I decided I wanted to raise hell on Rook Island once more.My only knock (and a big one) on the PC version of this game is that it crashes without warning CONSTANTLY, and I have no idea why just yet.  When the game was released, Windows 10 was obviously not in existence yet so there is some sort of issue having to do with the operating system.  I've researced some boards in an effort to troubleshoot, and from what I can gather there is something with Windows 10 that isn't playing nicely with FC3.  The problem is that people have suggested about 100 different ways to pinpoint and ultimately fix the issue.  Whatever the reason, it's pretty frustrating and I don't feel like spending hours troubleshooting this when I could spend what little spare time I have to play something else.  As great as this game is and as much as I love it, I'm kind of regretting the purchase and thinking of abandoning it altogether.If you choose to purchase the game, I'd recommend looking into these issues first to spare yourself a TON of frustration and wasted time.  I've lost track how many times I've completed a mission or liberated an outpost only to have the game crash immediatley afterwards without saving my progress.  Unless you know for certain you can pinpoint and resolve whatever is causing the game to crash, I'd probably recommend that you pass on this game for PC.  If you have a legacy console (PS3 or XB360) you'd be much better off playing it on one of those.  I've been hoping that this game would be made backward compatible for XB1, but sadly that hasn't happened yet."
,Recommended,220240,17727649,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Sanches,I played pirated version. Then bought it. It was worth it.
,Recommended,220240,8978393,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,mini nut,citra ride my d
,Recommended,220240,8998932,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,NeverFoxx,What can I say about this game that hasn't been said already? It's a gorgeous open world survival game where you can pretty much do what you want with out ever touching the story once you get passed the intro mission. The island is big enough to find something new every so often but small enough to where traveling on foot isn't such a hassel. I haven't gotten around to trying out the games other features such as pvp and online co-op though so I can't comment on what that is like.
76561198066715674,Recommended,220240,9031460,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ninjakiller17,Far cry 3 is a fun game because you can roam around and kill sharks and thats just awesome so yeah its cool.
,Recommended,220240,9039782,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,|UE|Banana Phone,u r a samalian nigr pirat3u steel weed plants and make weed syringesu dealyo cryst0l meth with the general storeu can be a 0007 agentu can sm0k3w33d3v3rydayu meet some blak big dik niqqa named denis aka deniqua
76561198081368879,Recommended,220240,8958531,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,TheCook,"Far Cry 3 is so far the only Far Cry game I have played, yet I have had no trouble keeping up with the story at all. If somebody told me that it was the only Far Cry ever made and the 3 was thrown in for fun, I wouldn't doubt it for a moment. An excellent and immersive storyline that will elicit strong emotion not only from the main character, but from you. Even when you think this game is beat, there is always another issue that keeps it going. I highly reccomend this to all players, especially you fans of Skyrim and Tomb Raider. Don't ask me how or why, but it seems to be similar to both.The very definition of Jungle Survival, don't miss out on this excellent game!"
,Recommended,220240,9594061,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Clarkey53,9.5/10A must have!
,Recommended,220240,9581486,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Knexus,"Farcry 3 does a lot of things right and a few things wrong.Let's start with the positives.  The sandbox open world is absolutely beautiful.  It's massive, it's lush, and you'll always see the islanders out and about doing things so it really gives the world a sense of life.  Out of curiousity, I turned my graphics settings down to low and the game still looked pretty damn good.   I wasn't much of a fan of the music in the game, as most of it was very basic beats, but the ambient noises are excellent and you'll always have that paranoid feeling when you hear that tiger growl off in the distance, not knowing whether it's coming after you or just passing by.Now the negatives.  The side missions can be quite repetitive.  They fall into the formula of ""Go hunt this animal or Kill this guy with a knife or deliver these supplies before the time runs out.""  It was hard for me not to get bored at times doing the side missions, because I've already done some redition of previously.  The main campaign was pretty good.  Not excellent, not just okay, but somewhere in between.  The story has a lot to be desired but luckily it's held up by an excellent voice actor cast.The crafting and skill system is pretty cool.  My only complaint is I had a tendancy to have all my skills filled before the next set would open up, which is dependent on your main story progression.  So there would be times where I would have 3-4 skill ponts I couldn't use because the additional skills were still locked because I hadn't made it that far in the story yet.The game has a few quirks, but overall was a very enjoyable experience.  If your a completionist, then there are tons and tons of things for you to collect and complete.  Playing just through the main story took me somewhere along the lines of 18(ish) hours, but if you strive to do everything, I would be surprised if you could easily get 35+ hours of gameplay.  I recommend Far Cry 3 who like first person shooters and sandbox worlds.  There is tons for you to explore and story will keep you interested(just perhaps not on the edge of your seat).I am giving the Far Cry 3 an 8/10."
,Recommended,220240,9867797,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Yukari,"Amazing single player game, probably one of my favourite games of all time. The graphics on this game are simply amazing, very close to the graphics standard of the Crysis series. The storyline is well thought of and I have gone and done the storyline over and over again because i enjoyed it so much. The only negative is that some tasks available for you to do are repetitive. Overall amazing game. £15 right now. Recommend.Edit: A multiplayer mod for this for the single player free roam world would be pretty cool, a bit like the Just Cause 2 MP mod."
,Recommended,220240,9581317,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,I suck eggs,`THis is the best game ever
,Recommended,220240,8983863,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Mr.Ong,Kill to survive is the key to survival...
,Recommended,220240,9775947,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,"""l o f i""",♥♥♥♥ing awesome ;DHitlerious storylinegreat weaponsvast areas for exploring :Dkept me up all night~ it was worth itonly problem is it gets somewhat boring from time to time but the storyline is solid7/10
76561198062484562,Recommended,220240,8960916,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Beast,"this game is amazing. the graphics are out standing and the story really gets you involved. love games like this, such good story line as well as plenty to do and such a large area to roam around in when not doing a mission, and the fact that you can shot just about every living thing you see is a bonus:P. love it. a real well done to the lads and ladettes who put the time and effort to make this:) 9 out of 10 for me:)"
,Recommended,220240,9769711,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Kade,love the game freaking skyrim but with guns
,Recommended,220240,9838450,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,"""TROJAN",BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,220240,9866741,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,TheOnlyFury,"Simply one of the best main-characters ever put into a game. The character develops as you play him. Jason Brody begins to make hysterical (and insane) comments under his breath throughout the game as he becomes desensitized to the violence around him. An amazing story with a vibrant and incredible cast. Hours of replayability, one of my all time favorites."
76561198093338192,Recommended,220240,8977376,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Casanova,This is amazing
,Recommended,220240,9017445,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ischy,"Riktigt bra spel. Bäst i serien enligt mig, välpolerad grafik, en spelmotor som gör sitt jobb bra och en intressant story!"
,Recommended,220240,9021189,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,!WiingzZ!,"awesome game, I recommed"
,Recommended,220240,9599150,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Old Ben Kenobi,"This game redefined the open world genre for me; however, watch out for adult content, kids!"
76561197974919522,Recommended,220240,9619309,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Goser,great open world fps. good intense story. nice hunting action.really nice gunplay.
,Recommended,220240,9861560,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Mr. Bubbles,It okie
76561198104089191,Recommended,220240,13239592,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"Totally enjoying. Plenty of guns and explosions.  Lots of fun stuff to drive and things to do.. Its rated M for supposed Intense Sexual stuff, but aside from the fully dressed prostitues and the cheap pimp that smacks one around I have not seen any yet.  There are lots of drug references, and you are fighting against a bad group of drug smuggling slave trading pirates of modern times.. but so far aside from killing all the bad guys I have not encountered any 'you do' bad stuff."
,Recommended,220240,10857263,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Klychel,"""Like Skyrim With Guns"" - Adam Kovic"
,Not Recommended,220240,20563609,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,ajshell1,"It's fun, when it works.But I am frequently unable to play the game thanks to Uplay.F***you, Ubisoft."
,Recommended,220240,7891548,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,random,"I like the game, very enjoyable.People slag off the multiplayer, but I did like the multiplayer co-op missions.It's a good fun Rambo romp."
,Recommended,220240,14702272,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Excitement Domination,"one of the best games ive ever played, litterally so mutch to do and the storyline very emersive, reccomended ti anyone who loves survival games storyline games or both"
,Recommended,220240,30251126,Posted: 28 February,all,Kimchi,10/10 best gamez ever and i love that it runs well on lower end pc's.
76561198087402506,Recommended,220240,19451707,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,sMiddy,10/10
,Recommended,220240,13449388,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Jordy1005,really good game fery op noscopes
,Recommended,220240,8988195,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rich Homie Vinyl Scratch,"This is possibly the best game, but after so much it gets boring and some parts you don't wanna redo but the exploration the experience the just game itself its a adventure the campaign just you gotta buy this game its one of the best games i ever played the fact that such a game like this you wanna Far Cry 4 but i don't think thats happening"
76561198044855130,Recommended,220240,16825706,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Discositruuna,Dance with my SHOTGUN!
76561198193600649,Recommended,220240,34728732,Posted: 3 September,all,Fern | GGS.SX,omg just get this H O L Y   S  H I Thow it goes  -pew pew- who needs gunz?-vroom- -pepepepepeppepepe- deadjumped of a cliff 10/10
76561197972476998,Recommended,220240,34733670,Posted: 4 September,all,[ 4four4 ],Brilliantly ballanced game.Aways something to do.looks fabulous.Plays like a dream.I like it.
,Recommended,220240,33552578,Posted: 14 July,all,Ball_Fondlers,"As I'm writing this review, I've only played 5 hours of FC3, but man it gives me such a buzz. This is the first FC game I've ever played and I was hooked 2 minutes into the game. Can't say much about the story but I love the gameplay, how they've designed the open-world and the various tasks you can do in it, and last but not least, killing pirates with that suppresed Sniper Rifle I've nicknamed ""Tabitha"". Unless they've been mauled by a Leopard or Dogs.BUT SERIOUSLY, PLAY. THIS. GAME. NOW!After you've read that, this is the part of the review after I finished the game. The story is amazing, short but amazing. The game just has a certain.... buzz about it. It reminds me of the first time I played Assassin's Creed II, great charcter delevopment and the story just adds more to it. Trust me you'll love this game. Makes me want to play FC4 now."
,Recommended,220240,33491932,Posted: 12 July,all,rainer,BEST FAR CRY GAME EVER IMO <3<3<3<3<3
76561198105090217,Recommended,220240,12440380,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Kōden,"This game is sex. Beautiful, intrinsical, expansive, mind boggling, psychopathically insane, clinically wondrous sex. And who doesn't love sex?"
,Not Recommended,220240,10861632,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Me Me Big Elf,"I loved the 2 hours I got to play this game. I went to bed after completing about 4 missions. I tried playing it again. I forgot my Uplay♥♥♥♥♥♥ I knew my name and email but apparently there was a different account on it! Ubisoft, don't try to be valve. You ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,220240,11801379,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,GummyDaddy,saw boobs 11/10 really gay
,Not Recommended,220240,13353877,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Blanche Noir,"Disappointing. The pros:Great story telling, solid driving and moving mechanics, the tattoo system is fun.The cons:where to start? The game is way too easy, the enemy spotting system is too lax, especially on hard. If you're more than 50 feet away, cover is irrelevant, I've avoided being spotted in the middle of a clearing or on a beach simply by being crouched. Even though the enemy was looking dead at me and I had zero cover. Money is way too easy to get. Missions, loot boxes, corpses, selling loot items all give you tons of cash and radio towers unlock expensive weapons for free. I had the best weapons within 1-2 hours of play time. The button to pick up/swap weapons is the same as the loot button, resulting in a ton of time spent dancing around a corpse trying not to swap your FAMAS with his crappy AK just so you can loot a crumpled pack of cigarettes and 10 bucks. The voice acting for people is really inconsistent, half the islanders have a British accent. Hunting is AWFUL, animals have no kill zones, aka: no head shots or heart shots, meaning if you head shot a bear, or pretty much any other animal with a .308, he's just going to run you down and rip you to shreds. This means that the only way to hunt effectively is to bring along an LMG and riddle your prey with hundreds of bullets. Laughable. Not to mention, your character constantly whines ""gross"" every time you skin a kill. This makes sense the first 50 times or so he skins an animal, but after 30 hours of play time and hundreds of animals skinned, listening to your character whine about skinning gets very, very old. If you fail a mission, it will restart you in a predetermined location. This may not feel like a huge deal at first, but sometimes this method will drop you in an approach to a mission you absolutely would not have taken and probably didn't plan for. There were times I did something stupid and died, carrying a sniper rifle, bow and silenced pistol only to be respawned on the flat side of a map, where I had approached the mission initially from a cliff. The ability to sleep is gone, taking the dynamic of night and day away, which I feel was a real downgrade from far cry 2. This leads me into my next section on the experience. It's simply not as good. It's true that FC2 had its share of issues and frustrations, hyper-aware, laserbeam accurate enemies and checkpoints that respawned in what felt like seconds were huge gripes. But despite these problems, and perhaps because of them, the game had a really brutal, unforgiving feel. Every foray into the world was an event you planned for, you carefully managed your limited ammo supply, you waited for just the right time of day, you knew that your weapons could and would eventually fail you, you learned not to trust crappy, rusted weapons found laying around on the ground. Every mission was an exercise in planning and adaptability. You couldn't carry an LMG, a sniper rifle, an RPG and an assault rifle all at once like you can in FC3, so you had to play to your strengths and cover your weaknesses as best as possible. You had to be patient in stressful situations and fire fights because running around like Rambo was likely to get you killed. Virtually all of these things are GONE in FC3 and it's painfully obvious. Now, the game is just another exercise in sprinting endlessly (you can do that now) around a tropical island (again) and firing curtains of lead until your enemies are dead. And let's face it, we've all played that game before."
,Not Recommended,220240,29112275,Posted: 8 January,all,Manneking,"Pros:Open World FPSAlternatively you can be stealthyGunsThis is a gameCons:Uplay (This is a Ubisoft's ""Steam"" and it's totally♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can no longer play Far Cry 3 because of Uplay)"
,Recommended,220240,7295843,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Threskiornis moluccus,"AFter playing for a bit i have a few things to say:when talking to vaas or any of the other male characters in cutscenes the camera is nicely angled, facing primarily their face and sometimes hands when thety are being expressive.when talking to the (sole?) female character the camera is focused primarily on her chest this is ♥♥♥♥ed Up and Bad.later on i got 10 xp for climbing out of a mass grave"
76561198061559643,Not Recommended,220240,8501599,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Stevearenopizza,it dosent work sucks a♥♥♥♥♥♥crash evey time i play
76561198015620883,Not Recommended,220240,20204997,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Charlie,lame
,Recommended,220240,28705957,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fiveros™,nice graphic and game play
,Recommended,220240,8712722,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Velocity_,not bad
76561198307515393,Recommended,220240,31511927,Posted: 2 May,all,Osama Bin Laden,"Very good game, played 60 hours of it. Especially with ultra graphic. Good story line but getting the relics is hard."
76561197982565433,Not Recommended,220240,30785313,Posted: 27 March,all,ruwagrong,Uplay....People who pirate this game get less hassle than those who purchase it. On top of that game crashes all the time on windows 10
76561198019222675,Not Recommended,220240,29004068,Posted: 4 January,all,szzickra,Uplay. And I cant get my money back.
,Recommended,220240,30752178,Posted: 26 March,all,a3laoey,"This my first farcry game and I have to say, I have enjoyed it a lot, I haven't finished the game yet, but I already know the good and the bad.ProsReally good graphicsgood combatThe story makes sense. (pretty good but not the best, maybe a 7.5/10)The crafting is very goodtheres 3 skill tree which focus on one thing, like combat and healthGood variety of guns.a lot of things to do, side quest, collectables, you might spend 25+ hours i would say.Consyou cant customise all the guns, for example the ak.The game crashes every couple of hours, not sure why my gpu can run this easily at 1080p and more.Some things dont make sense, like why people wont help, you they will just tell what to do, they will only show up when you complete something (sometimes).I wont go into detail, there is a lot of things to talk about, if you are completionist, you will like this game, theres a lot of things to do. I think this game is a 8.5/10 but becuse it crashes for me its a 8 or 7.7/10. I am can deal with the game crashing but if you cant, I dont reccomend getting this game. I've never played fallout or withcher so I cant really compare this game to something else. I got this on sale for around £5.50, (which is around $7.50) I would say its worth that amount of money, but if youre not sure wait, it might go down to 75% in the summer sale. (this is 65%)"
76561197988165447,Not Recommended,220240,29360713,Posted: 19 January,all,PANDA_TRIPPS,"BUYER BEWARE!!!  WIN10 COMPATIBILITY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!Its a roll of the dice, some win10 systems work, some dont, some require an hour or two of work-arounds,  if it doesnt work by hour 3....good luck trying to find a fix.Select Windows 10 versions CRASH Far Cry 3 like clockwork every 10-20minutes. Put this into your equation for purchase, the solutions dont work, no patches, no workarounds seem to apply for 64bit Win10 systems. Im still looking for the trick to this day. The map editor is good, the game is good, just on consoles or Win7 & 8.""Disable Touch Tablet Services"" was a wild goose chase""Compatibility for Windows 8"" was pointless""re-install drivers"" was a waste""install on c: drive"" nope""disable steam pop-ups"" yeah-no""disable realtek sound system"" nothing""create new log-in exclusively for Far Cry 3/Win 10 incompatibility""I've tried every tip other than bloodletting a chicken over my hard drive so the soul of the system can blah blah et-cetera.There's alot zanier fixes out there, but I cant remember EVERY act of desperation I explored due to Uplay/Steam/Win10/ theories and myths.This is the first ever game I've bought that hasnt worked on PC, this is the sort of thing a console gamer convert would run into and say ""see? I should have stuck with consoles"", luckily this wasnt my first game on Steam so I know its rare."
,Recommended,220240,25049125,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,lukiegc,Awesome game!But it uses UPlay so sometimes UDon'tPlay!
,Recommended,220240,16881630,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mean jag jean mag,"Eh, Blood Dragon was better."
76561198032391562,Not Recommended,220240,20910471,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Brewer,"There are two reasons why I won't recommend it.- WEAPON CUSTOMIZATION - Somebody should tell Ubisoft how does the RIS rails work, or at least that magazine doesn't have any effect on silencer or sights.- UPLAY - This needs no comment."
,Recommended,220240,10317518,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,яaenboii™ ♥,"I would give this porno 10 Tools with Mohawks out of 10.Its like skyrim... with guns10/10 still not as good as FalloutGuys I swear this is a 100% serious review and i expect this to get no more than a 100% helpful voteBut actually I think that this game is pretty amazing doesn't deserve a 10 out of 10 in my book, because it cannot compare to Withcer but it is probably one of the best stories I have ever played."
76561198012357660,Recommended,220240,19136144,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,M i L k Y,"I was hoping for Malaria, guess i bought the wrong Far Cry."
,Recommended,220240,9190222,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Test 123,"Best single player game I've ever played. Better than SKyrim, and such a brilliant story with so many extras. Definitely worth buying."
,Not Recommended,220240,18484329,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,The Frog,Do you know how ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i am to realise that i cannot play a game that i payed for?
,Not Recommended,220240,20509755,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Spuder,"Tried launching it , ubiplay appeared.Didn't play. :cDont buy games that require udontplay launcher !"
76561198126965880,Not Recommended,220240,22049475,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,SPIRITUAL MELANIN,♥♥♥♥ing cancer uPlay and autistoc co-op
,Recommended,220240,24997723,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Ocab19,"Best feeling in this game? Finsihing it and being able to uninstall ♥♥♥♥ing UPlay. God, that feels good..."
,Not Recommended,220240,24354316,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Professor Dragon,I could barely play this buggy game before the update now I can't even get it to open. Crashes constantly. Tried a butt load of fixes. Not interested anymore. Ubisoft dug their own damn grave.
,Not Recommended,220240,25026714,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,[NF]UnDeadxShaun,♥♥♥♥ uplay cant even play the game
,Not Recommended,220240,33579171,Posted: 16 July,all,MyGuyNoah,"This is actually a great game, I had loads of fun playing it on my PS3 a while back. However, this game is not optimized for Windows 10. I can't get past the first mission in the game without it crashing, and I'm not the only one having this issue. I would love to replay it again, but until it is fixed, I will have to give this game a thumbs down."
76561198228815212,Not Recommended,220240,34970479,Posted: 15 September,all,Žokar,"Cant load the game beacuse of 3rd party member know as UPLAY. Never ever buying Ubisoft game, just no comment."
76561197992990026,Not Recommended,220240,34960188,Posted: 14 September,all,Robified,Uplay software is just the worst....
76561198115596752,Not Recommended,220240,35230250,Posted: 26 September,all,Rusty Shackleford,"Game wont load, Ubi-soft wont help and refuse to refund dont waste your time or money on their products"
,Not Recommended,220240,33797585,Posted: 25 July,all,Robert Steinhauser,Like the game but you have to use ubisoft's sh itty launcher to play it. NEVER BUYING A F UCKING GAME FROM UBISOFT AGAIN
,Recommended,220240,13968083,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Lucathegreat,">be me>walking around a 7.8 too much grass island>see 2 men attacked by 2 cassowaries>filthycassowaries.jpg>one man dies, the other runs to me>kill both cassowaries>man has almost reached me, thankful>""you're safe now"">random tiger jumps from behind me and kills the man11/10 would save again"
,Recommended,220240,22808400,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Wraith,"This game is very awesome. If you want to buy an open world game with FPS mode? This is the one, buy it now and feel the adventure. In my review about this game is good gameplay, good environment, I like the animals like Komodo Dragon, Sumatran Tiger, Tapir, and many more I can't explain one by one. Thanks to Ubisoft for made this game and I hope the future will be okay."
,Recommended,220240,17271346,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,OCT 4 2003 10:54 PM,"playable, forgettable"
76561198065481866,Not Recommended,220240,14797026,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Onsilo,"Just putting my opinion into this for people who're looking into this game. My evaluation of this game would put it at a 6.5/10. I suppose all the hype and positive comments people had for this game raised had me expecting a crazy great game.The story wasn't all that great, despite people claiming it to be. The gameplay was alright, gunplay was solid as well as driving the vehicles which was probably the funnest part of the game for me.The enemy marker you have in game makes it really easy and takes the fun out of guessing where the enemies are. By spotting the enemies, they're highlighted orange and will highlight through every object that stands between you and them, meaning you basically have X-Ray vision. It takes almost no skill to kill enemies since you can always track them.The animations of looting and healing got tiresome pretty quickly.The side quests didn't really have any worthwhile incentives and taking into account that the game length was pretty long, there was quite a limited selection of weapons, not enough to satisfy my thirst for explosions and crazy spraying and praying. The selection of weapons was decent, but a lot of them I didn't bother using since I easily unlocked a higher tier weapon immediately after unlocking the lower tier ones.The crafting system is a joke, it works, but it's not really worth filling up your inventory space for.The leveling system is an even bigger joke, I don't even want to talk about it.You can go and attack enemy outposts to liberate the area which in turn allows you to do side missions that will unlock attachments for your weapons to be purchasable. Sounds great at first, but then you realize once a outpost is liberated the enemies disappear from that area immediately. No more encounters on the road, or in the jungle. All enemy activities cease from that area. And if you liberate all the outposts... Well, you no longer have anyone to fight.Once you beat the game you can go back to the island to continue exploring, however at this point there's not really anything worthwhile to do unless you want to convert this shooting game into a treasure hunting game, in which you look for the little totems of the indigenous people there and letters from Japanese soldiers of WW2. It's not worth the time, because you don't get anything out of it really.My biggest gripe about this game is that you never get to just outright kill the important foes. That and you wonder about how you got out of the precarious situations the villain puts you in, that would normally seal a mortal man's fate, (**SPOILER**-ish) only to get straight into a hallucinogenic knife fighting scene.You obviously have to win the fight to proceed through the game, but when you've killed the foe you wonder:""How the HELL did I get out of that situation!?"".(**SPOILER**) For example, getting stabbed squarely in the chest, (pretty sure to the heart), with a approximate 8"" blade, falling to the ground, blacking out, hallucinating a debate against yourself while walking down a magically appearing stone path, villain appearing at the end of the path and then knife fighting him, only to wake up in the tribal woman's lap who then declares you victorious for having killed the foe. You might, like I did, go on and say: ""What the F*ck!?"" ...For me the game was ruined by those strange inconsistencies and not being able to freely and outrightly killing my main antagonists. The exploration of the island was dull due to the fact that after clearing outposts no enemies were existent in the area, leaving my weapon almost useless aside from killing predators and critters.I wouldn't recommend this game unless it goes on a big discount or you have a lot of time to kill and excessive cash to discard, otherwise, not worth."
76561198285870611,Recommended,220240,31662481,Posted: 10 May,all,SpaceNpc,Lives up to all the Hype after all this time and is still looking somewhat ok  in 2017!
,Not Recommended,220240,29359411,Posted: 19 January,all,Evil Ria,"Faulting application name: farcry3_d3d11.exe, version: 0.1.0.1, time stamp: 0x51226a2fFaulting module name: d3d10.DLL_unloaded, version: 10.0.14393.0, time stamp: 0x57899007Exception code: 0xc0000005Fault offset: 0x000ba5e0Faulting process ID: 0x1844Faulting application start time: 0x01d272705c984238Faulting application path: D:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Far Cry 3\bin\farcry3_d3d11.exeFaulting module path: d3d10.DLLReport ID: 216273a6-cf79-488c-bc07-ce4e886f753fFaulting package full name:Faulting package-relative application ID:"
,Recommended,220240,18495173,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Helanut,"have u eva ben 2 (lol WAIT FOR IT!)) DA jungle??????????? I HAVE (NOT XD) ya it was scary (it a joke i havnt ben there) i almost DIED,,,(jk)but my bf silly_biLLY2001 SAVED me...... (but i neever goed to jungle so this al a joke ok) and thn i go home and im i played game!s (but that was al a joke ok)"
76561198068853986,Recommended,220240,9444959,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,123,SECOND Best open world shooter ATM (+DLC)for best see Far Cry 4
76561198117977658,Recommended,220240,19200764,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,|WøR| 5H4D33N,"Far Cry 3 ist schon toll, wunderschöne Grafik, riesige Spielwelt und allerhand was ich alles machen kann. Allerdings halte ich die sehr aggressive Tierwelt für übertrieben. Und auch wenn man so veranlagt ist wie ich, das ich wirklich jeden Stein und jeden Quadratnanometer der Insel vollständig erkundigt haben möchte, wird es irgendwann recht langweilig.Sobald nämlich alle Posten eingenommen wurden, sind kaum noch Gegner da, denn die Gegner respawnen nicht. Und einmal abgesehen von den Tieren, vor denen ich mich echt in acht nehmen muss, droht mir sonst keine Gefahr mehr.Gibt zwar noch allerhand an Nebenmissionen die ich erledigen kann aber die fühlen sich eher leer und steril an. Richtig Spannung kommt da bei mir nicht auf.Was ich auch ziemlich nervig finde, das die gegnerischen Soldaten immer von dem selben Synchronsprecher gesprochen werden. Das ist zwar im Prinzip nicht schlimm, aber im zweiten Teil waren es 2 Sprecher die immer sehr schöne Dialoge gehalten haben. Gerade wenn ich mich in ein Lager anschleichen will, war das in Far Cry 2 immer sehr schön diesen Dialogen zuzuhören.Die NPCs scheinen meiner Meinung nach auch voll einen an der Waffel zu haben. Zumindest bekomme ich den Eindruck wenn man diesen Kommentaren eine Weile zuhört.Ziemlich bescheuert sind auch die Speicherpunkte. Es ist mehr als ärgerlich, wenn ich mich gerade in einem Gefecht mit Gegnern befinde, dann noch ein wildes Tier anfängt mich zu attackieren ich das Zeitliche segne und nachdem Neustart ganz woanders wieder anfangen muss.Das Dumme ist nämllich, das sich gerne es aus einem oder 2 Jeeps, die ich attackiert habe, 2 -3 weitere dazu gesellen und mir die Hölle ordentlich einheizen. Richtig kompliziert wird es dann, wenn noch ein Bär oder ein daher gelaufener Tiger mich von hinten anfällt.Die Story hätte ich anders umgesetzt, beziehungsweise anders geschrieben. Schließlich liegt hier der Augenmerk aufs erkunden, jemanden retten zu müssen ist auf so einem riesigen Terrain nicht so gut gewählt.Ein ganz großes Plus ist natürlich Vaas Montenegro. Der hat zwar ganz ordentlich ein Dachschaden, aber die Art und Weise wie er dargestellt wird ist überragend. Schade das die anderen gegnerischen Soldaten nicht in ähnlicherweise vertont wurden.FarCry 3 macht Spass, ich habe mich sehr gut unterhalten gefühlt, hat für mich aber leider keinen hohen Wiederspielwert.Unnötigerweise wird ein uPlay-Account benötigt, sodaß ich beide Accounts parallel laufen lassen muss um Far Cry 3 zu spielen."
,Not Recommended,220240,24674403,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,peepo,"Such a great game, however UPLAY continues to make the game too much of a hassle to play if you don't either have, or want to use UPLAY."
76561198195173257,Not Recommended,220240,23979000,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Crottefumante,"Nice game really, but f*ck you Uplay I tried to install the game 3 times on Win 10, the last was supposed to be the good although the screen stayed black... Very boring"
,Not Recommended,220240,32978404,Posted: 29 June,all,coldkeyes,"Will not recommend due to uplay being required to play this, this should be changed over to steamworks instead of uplay, so not recommending it as a buy"
76561198083105933,Recommended,220240,9613191,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,DC Kraze,Me like this game :)
,Not Recommended,220240,30534922,Posted: 15 March,all,✅Phillip. [PCMR],"KISS MY♥♥♥♥♥ Bought it on sale, heard three was the best and the rest are crap after wards. I played maybe 2 hours, i try to play again Ubisoft and Uplay lost my account info(password, tells you that a email will be sent to reset password, never happens). I wasted money on  a game I never got to try even though I heard it was the best in the franchise! RIP USD"
76561198414180390,Recommended,220240,35019513,Posted: 17 September,all,thedutchman1999,This is just one of the best games ever made
,Not Recommended,220240,30726221,Posted: 25 March,all,Xenon,It looked like an amazing game.Sadly I wasn't able to complete some of the first mission because of the persistent crashes.
,Recommended,220240,7860061,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Movie,HAHAH IM STUCK ON AN ISLAND AND MY FRIENDS ARE BEING MURDERED OH WELL BETTER FIND SOME GOLDEN TIGERS
,Not Recommended,220240,15594344,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Esther,"cant play this game because of uplay "" Far Cry 3 stopped working ""contacted uplay support for about 2 month and they cant fix it.i have tried reinstalling and same resultsuplay ruined it"
76561198118235740,Not Recommended,220240,25065437,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dank McBadass,"unable to holster weapon, which slows you down, although in a ""peaceful"" area you can walk around without one after fast traveling- but once you pull it out, its out.apparently you are unable to resume playing at the last checkpoint if you're in the middle of a mission. I guess you have to plan ahead on when you're going to start a mission, because if anything comes up you get to start the whole thing over.on the first mission, I approached the area from the rear after being told by friendlies that they would ""follow my lead"". I went in through the back, but I must have not killed the enemies fast enough, because my team was killed and I lost the mission.isn't this supposed to be an open world game? why can I not save when I want? it feels so linear"
,Not Recommended,220240,24044128,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BigGio.wildcase.com,"No entiendo el porqué pero es la segunda vez que lo descargo y me parece una gran tomadura de pelo que cada vez que inicie el juego me diga: Farcry3.exe dejó de funcionar. Es que no cabe en ninguna cabeza vender un producto que no funciona! Mi equipo no es, aquí dejo las especificaciones... Intente arreglarlo ccuánto antes.Lo he jugado antes y me encanta, pero quiero volver a jugarlo!!Phenom II x4 965 BEGTX 750Ti 2GDDR58GB RAMWindows 10 Pro x64"
,Recommended,220240,1519496,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Crazy_Tiki,"IN THIS PIRATES OF THE CARABEAN SQUAL. YOU GET TO PLAY AS CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW IN THE EPIC ADVENTURE OF SAVING YOUR FRIENDS. SADLY THO YOU ARE NOT AND I MEAN NOT! CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW AND ARE A PU$$Y WHO LIKES TO SCREAM AT ENEMIES WHEN YOUR HIDINGS! SAY HOW YOU LIKE TO SUCK PEOPLES DIKS ALL THE TIME. THIS GAME TAUGHT ME THAT THE ONLY WAY TO GET CHICKS AND BE THE HARDCORE MONTHERFUKKER, I NEED TATOES, CAUSE WHEN YOU GET A TATTO, YOU UNLOCK SPECIAL POWERS. FAR CRY3."
,Recommended,220240,34510951,Posted: 26 August,all,Chimera,"Açık dünyasıyla, görevleriyle, oynanışıyla, karakterleri ve karakter gelişimiyle beraber tam bir başyapıt. FPS türü seven her oyuncunun kesinlikle oynaması gerekli.With open world, quests, gameplay, characters and character improvements its a master piece. Every FPS lover had to try this game."
,Recommended,220240,12931817,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,[XGS]DonkyBoY,Great game cant go wrong its cheap as atm and with FC4 soon this is a must have for those of you that missed it.
,Not Recommended,220240,30024602,Posted: 18 February,all,Glace,"I bought this game a couple years ago and since then forgot my uplay account information, since i played it on that account that i forgot, i can no longer play it ever again, despite only playing it for about 2 hours on the pc. the game its self is pretty good, i played it more on the 360, however it is ruined when you add uplay into the equation."
,Not Recommended,220240,33022580,Posted: 29 June,all,Sweet D,"Wasted potential in a nutshell, great gun play, decent stealth and a great idea, the open-world is very pretty and taking down outposts is fun.The problem is there is an illusion of choice, so many missions force you to play the way Ubisoft wants, any creativity is punished with a mission failure. Getting radio towers is a grind and probably the worst part of the game.The pacing is so off it's not funny, by the time you think you've finished there's still half a game left, in some games this would be great but here it feels like you'e done everything there is to do in the game but it wants you to do more.Get it if you don't mind a grind and some mindless missions where you turn your mind off."
,Recommended,220240,15967587,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Pimp Daddy Longstroke,Still a better stealth game than the Thief reboot.
,Not Recommended,220240,14692051,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,вιgвangreχ,"Far Cry 3 is way overhyped and is overall a massive let down, it's a game I want to love, but suffers from so many issues and has even caused me to stop playing the game overall.1. Difficulty, the first island was too easy, however it makes sence because it was the start of the game, however it never got harder, just easier and easier. Then the 2nd island is near impossible because the AI is broken and can see through walls, this makes stealth near impossible and missions like Doppleganger unplayable.2. Glitches, like the mentioned AI on the second island, this game is full of glitches like clipping, Animals running around rocks, dieing from a 2ft drop and more. Looks like Ubisoft was too busy counting their pre order money instead of fixing the game as usual.3. Weapons, like in most open world games some weapons are better then others, however Far Cry 3 is the worst when it comes to that, shotguns are useless and serve no purpose, I love shotguns, why do they have to be so sh*t in this game?4. Boring characters, besides Vaas, all the other characters are boring and forgettable, I can't even remember who the main character is called or anyone else because they show up, bore me and then go away.5. Boring storyline, ""We were on hoilday and got kidnapped by the bad guy and I'm some chosen one who has to kill them and free people"" cliche, you could predict this story so easily it's painful.6. Multiplayer, it's dead and sadly it had really cool concepts, like sparing the MVP on the enemy team or kill him when your team won. R.I.P FC3 Multiplayer.7. CO-OP, shoot, minigame, shoot, minigame, shoot and minigame...... fun.....8. Skills, like most games which have skills, some are really good, some even broken and those which are awful, in Far Cry 3, 70% of all the skills I never noticed being useful, Drag someone underwater for a stealth kill? Well that's very limited and most outposts are inland and away from any water, plus I should just use A BULLET!9. Uplay, so along with Steam, I need an even worse digital game service then Orign to play this? No thanks, when you make Orign look good, you know you f*cked up.However there are some good things about this game.Graphics are amazingI love taking out outposts, it's pretty much the only reason to play this game.Weapons are fun to useIsland is fun to exploreCrafting is fun until you get everything, then it's useless..... that sucks :cOverall it's really flawed, but would I say is it worth the money? Wait for a sale, £15 for this is too much."
,Recommended,220240,11691851,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Frissiw,"""Did I ever tell you the defention of insanaty?""Far cry3 is an open world first person shotter with abit of RPG in it. First thing, is it good? Yes it is. It's amazing. I think that is all you need to know! Oh yeah PC Graphics #Justmasterracethings"
,Not Recommended,220240,32234620,Posted: 7 June,all,CᵒʳᵈᵉᶫᵉᵖʰᵃᶰT,"Screw Uplay and screw Ubisoft.Also, the game should have ended whenVass died."
,Not Recommended,220240,32688564,Posted: 23 June,all,Saheeb Jihad,Ubisoft can eat a d!ck With their uplay garbage. They control what username and avatar picture you can have and can't. They earned a non-paying customer for life. Fhck You Ubisoft.
76561197971046926,Not Recommended,220240,33061999,Posted: 30 June,all,That One Guy,This game is incredibly poorly optimized. Rampant stuttering every 20-30 seconds. Framerate dips from a buttery smooth 80 fps down to 30. I've looked at the forum posts and this is an issue dating back since release. 5 years ago. Unacceptable.
,Recommended,220240,11008212,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Papa Y_Ceps,"Went for a stroll outside of Amanaki Town,chased down and eaten by a pack of komodo dragons.10/11, would bang again"
76561198061320526,Not Recommended,220240,13543732,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Siv Phillis,"Hello people,I bought this game on a steam sale a while ago as I was curious about the FarCry series.In the end, the quality of the game actually made me write this very review. To make it short, I don't like it, there are several reasons why. This was my first experience with the FarCry series and my guess is, it will be the last.What I liked:overall nice environment, texture quality is inconsistent thoughanimal AI...some aspects of the story and charactersWhat I didn't like:the game is too easy, I've set it tomasterin the very first minutes and never felt it really got challenging enoughenemy AI is, like in many games, horribly stupid. You can literally shoot a guy in a camp will all enemies noticing, they will be alarmed yes, but if you stay hidden, they all go back to normal and don't care anymore after a few seconds, even though a corpse is still lying infront of their eyes,why is that?characters and story is very shallow, very, very shallow. Even though characters like Vaas appear interesting enough, the non-existent depth just kills the already wonky atmosphere of the game. Besides the overly edgy Villian (Vaas), the entire cast of the characters in the game are not likeable, including the protagonist himselfonce a camp is cleared, pirates will not attempt to capture them again... the issues with that is, that an entire island lacks anything to do once the camps are cleared as there aren't any enemies around... wtf?gunplay: I have no words for it, it just doesn't feel satisfactory killing something in this game with a gun. I can only imagine this is what modern CoD-like shooters must feel like. It's just too easy to hit anything... things get a little more interesting with a bow and/or the knifelooting: what the hell... most of the loot is just a poor excuse, although I am not really sure for what. Basically all you get is: ammo, money or items which can only be used to sell to get even more money. Oh yeah, you can also pickup relics, letters, memory cards... yay. The letters are just another drop to the shallow story.hunting: kill animal X to get Y amount of pelts to craft item Z so you can carry more of something. done.QTE!!!and there is a lot more to talk about...To sum it up, I did sometimes enjoy the game, but found it average at best, it has no replay value whatsoever especially being that easy and repetetive... I honestly can not believe the hype about the game."
,Not Recommended,220240,28781717,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hatsune Miku,Uplay...No plz
,Not Recommended,220240,14946363,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Azimuth,"One word to describe Far Cry 3? Bland.Protagonists - bland, uninteresting and absurd.Story - bland.Antagonist - Vaas was semi interesting albeit anti-climatic. His boss, not so much.Crafting - bland and forced. It feels like it was an unnecessary layer.Weapons - bland.Combat - bland, favours stealth and melee for additional xp which draws out the game needlessly.Setting - bland and uninspired, every location feels the same and a jungle island isn't exactly new for the franchise.Graphics - Decent enough, few clipping issues though with climbing animations and models floating above the ground.Side missions - bland, uninspired, boring, repetitive, go here free this tower ->identifies surrounding area. Free stronghold -> new fast travel and spawn. Wanted Dead go here, kill this guy with a knife. Path of the hunter go here, hunt this animal using this weapon. Mind numbing.Uplay was surprisingly not too troublesome other than the initial launch. Still I would not recommend wasting your time on this game, it was like pulling teeth."
,Recommended,220240,30311632,Posted: 4 March,all,dm,#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThis is one of ubisoft best masterpiece
,Recommended,220240,8841052,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,C.Falkner,10/10 it's okay like skyrim with guns except worse
76561198254026851,Recommended,220240,29723824,Posted: 5 February,all,Eren Yeager,"Great game, however Uplay is annoying"
76561198050301254,Not Recommended,220240,11543094,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Cirno,"I bought the game because I'd heard it was ""like Skyrim but with guns."" This is true only to the extent that is an open world game where you aren't forced into the main storyline. The sidequests are uninteresting and minimal, and while searching the islands for treasures is interesting at first, the different items you find are all only worth as much as the money you sell them for. There is no crafting beyond leaves, so searching for trasures is ultimately useless unless you want to buy a new gun. The multitude of items is thus meaningless because you just end up clicking sell all in the shop anyway.Furthermore, whereas Skyrim let you play how you want, as a mage, assassin, brawler, etc, Far Cry is very limiting. Some missions require you to kill the final enemy with a knife. Hunting missions specify a bow, shotgun, or some other gun, limiting your ability to choose. Even the main storyline missions lack real choice, forcing you into dissapointing boss fights in which the only skill you need is how to move forward, literally, because you just have to walk to the cutscene where you kill the boss. I felt incredibly unsatisfied having killed a major enemy without ever needing to have done anything more than left a small weight on my w key.As for the storyline, without giving anything major away, you try to rescue your friends from pirates and use the island natives as a means to do so. I personally felt no attachment to my characters friends. Frankly, they seemed like a bunch of jerks. The problem arises when the other half, the Rakyat natives, is equally unappealing. The game didn't give me any reason to like them either, as they all just seem obsessed with a woman named Citra, a meant-to-be alluring, sexy ""goddess"" who just turned out strange and arrogant. With the two options presented to me, I honestly was left wishing I could join the pirates and make some cash on this island.Overall, I'd say this game fits a specific niche. If you like shooting things (except civilians, that kills you), this is probably a good game for you. If you like execution cutscenes, this is probably a good game for you (although the death from above is easily exploitable; any incline is enough to get the cutscene). If you're like me, and prefer an engaging storyline, personal playstyle, and/or any real reason to explore your open world, then you're likely to be disappointed."
76561198046348779,Recommended,220240,13311842,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Terminal Thickness,Fantastic Game.
,Recommended,220240,11149202,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,jmbnbn,"Highly recommended - in my opinion this game manages to strike a great balance between open world and mission based, with a fun storyline and really enjoyable gameplay. Having been highly disappointed by FC2 I was a bit reluctant to invest in FC3, but aside from both being great looking games, they aren't really comparable.One thing I found particularly frustrating in FC2 was enemy outposts, which continually filled back up with enemies and made the game very repetitive. FC3 still has enemy outposts, but once won they remain yours and become fast travel points for you. Capturing these check points is also a really enjoyable piece of the gameplay, and you really can be varied in how you do this; sneak in and take out the alarms, killing guards by stealth. Or just go in gung-ho with a machine gun, blow up some stuff, then release a bear from a cage and let it maul the remaining guards.One thing FC3 gets a lot of stick for is its storyline, but my advise would be to just accept it for what it is without trying to see too much into it. It's a fun story line with some entertaining (if a little irrelevent) drug-induced interludes.This is one of few games where i'm quite happy to dip back in for an explore, paraglide around for a bit, or just drive around searching for enemy vehicles to blow up for a while."
,Not Recommended,220240,9052258,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,sync54,this game is mediocre
76561198078583833,Not Recommended,220240,9234023,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Trixie Lulamoon,"So far, I have not even been able to play 1 second, Uplay wont even let me press its ""Play"" button, its gray and I've not been able to play at all, READ the negative reviews before buying, trust me."
76561198049856044,Not Recommended,220240,9251921,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Wiked7778,BROKEN and GLITCHY as HELL. Do not buy. Get for consle.
76561197985092173,Not Recommended,220240,7871800,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Seether3333,Don't Purchase this game if you like to use games on Stem. It will make you go to ubisofts worthless website and play it there so you have to open steam clidk on play this game then it will open Uplay then you will have to log into uplay and play the game Steam has screwed the pooch in so many ways and should warn you before putting you through this crap!
76561198029765508,Not Recommended,220240,8921512,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,GOON¯\_(ツ)_/¯,when are the people who made farcry going to optimize this game and before you say i have a scrub computer ill give you the specs :)i7 3770kr9 290 overclocked64GB ramASUS P8H77-V750w PSUAsus VG248QE 24-inch 3D LED Monitor 144 HzZalman CNPS10X CPU Cooler
76561198066275282,Not Recommended,220240,9252454,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Quavo,"Can not get this game to work, everytime I try to run this game Uplay says ""Game Information Is Loading""."
,Recommended,220240,26937464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,losty,gg
,Recommended,220240,8506291,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Infinitum,"Story is kinda dumb, and I don't like climbing radio towers.  Everything else is pretty enjoyable.  I recommend using the casual version of Ziggys mod.  It fixes some annoyances and unlocks the entire map so you don't have to climb those dumb radio towers.  There are other versions to make Far Cry 3 more of a hardcore game if that's what you like."
,Recommended,220240,11066903,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Aliandris,"Has some bugs, but is otherwise a decent jungle based sociopathic murder simulator.Additionally, I suspect the story would have made some kind of sense had I been high on drugs the whole time.The open world concept was lovely, but doing the same six things over and over again got boring after about 15 hours.  When the game asked if I wanted to continue exploring the island after finishing the story, it wasn't even hard to pick ""No"".Just Cause 2 did all of this better though, so if you are hankering for some good old fashioned violence with a jungle backdrop, JC2 beats FarCry 3."
,Not Recommended,220240,7884301,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,bobsknief,This game might be good but its a horible port job. So horible that i and many others cant play the game without extensive lagg.
76561197990218934,Not Recommended,220240,1258024,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,TrumpNukem,"I recommend you to play the original Far Cry and to pass on this one...actually,just boycott the series,far cry 3 is boring!!! The only good thing about the game is the graphics and that about it. Won't buy a another game of that series!!!!"
,Not Recommended,220240,7874850,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,ZEF STAR,"I tried to like this game, I really did.Quick look:- REQUIRED UPLAY (Ubisoft version of GFWL)- Limited game saving options. Checkpoints, cutscenes, and forced dialogues. What is this 2005?- Tons of graphical glitches- Insane load times. My SSD and behemoth of a system takes 5 minutes to load up the game. No explanation for this.- Shaky voice acting- 2-D Character developmentSo far my experience is full of nothing but glitches, pain, and disappointment. I paid $7.50 for this game and if I could I'd get that back. It was a total waste and feels like a console port of the lowest caliber.Looks nice though. But if you want a shiny shooty game, get Metro: Last Light, or 2033."
76561197983628542,Not Recommended,220240,8109389,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Skidmark,"I really liked Far Cry 2 for the infinitely explorable maps, dispicable characters and lack of game crutches other developers seem unable to resist. But I am 22% through Far Cry 3 and thouroughly hate it. Supernatural mumbo-jumbo crap, nauseating richy-rich sub characters I wish I could use my machete on, and... boss levels. Is this 1992 or what?"
76561198089970356,Recommended,220240,8157061,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ch0pperman,"beautiful island, wonderful game"
,Not Recommended,220240,12954889,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Nora Valkyrie,"This game WAS quite fun. Until some monumentous♥♥♥♥♥♥up on Ubisoft's part with my uPlay account, or, more accurately titled: uDon'tplay. Thanks to this, I am unable to run this game, even though I LEGALLY PURCHASED IT WITH MY OWN MONEY. DO NOT BUY THIS, PIRATE IT INSTEAD. The game itself is enjoyable.https://defectivebydesign.org/"
,Not Recommended,220240,7990983,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Pfhor,"It had a lot of promise and its full of dumb fun for a while, but as the game goes on the seams start to show. Capturing outposts, hunting random animals, and doing poorly designed side quests becomes completionist busywork. The main story mission designs fair better, but the simplistic combat (with really poor AI) starts to tire after a while. Then, all you are left with is a story that has some good ideas but doesn't know where it wants to go, a game that keeps trying to convince you that it is saying something but is too busy mumbling so you can't really understand it.If you want substance in your games stay far away from this, if you want some dumb fun on an island that's yours you could do worse. I paid 7.50 for the game so it was worth it, but I still wouldn't recommend it very easily at a normal price."
,Recommended,220240,12826314,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Captain ObviLex,THE BEST GAME EVERRR!
,Recommended,220240,29725292,Posted: 5 February,all,Far | eVoipTV,Have I ever told you the definition of insanity?
,Not Recommended,220240,11582880,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Bobo,"Singleplayer gets repetitive, no one plays coop, multiplayer is broken and the game itself can't handle it (constant crashing). Don't buy this, just another overhyped AAA game. Also, have fun with Uplay."
76561198032011709,Recommended,220240,4097676,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,digital_peer,"Now thats more like it. They've definitely made up for far cry 2 with this lil number. What a great game.The stand out feature in this is how you grow with the main characters progression and attitude change through the campaign. I didnt like the snivling little twerp at the start, but i liked who I became through the game.Great story, told well and made with love and passion. Lots of fun in here as well, you can just be a jerk off for hours. Fantastic scenery and the new graphics engine sings beautifully.9.0"
76561198065094171,Not Recommended,220240,12954729,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Oasisboy,ive been trying to make this game work for over 2 hrs straight and if i have to deal with another uplay issue im probs gonna die!vdont get this game it was a waste of money and way way way to hard to luanch! i want to play the game though steam because thats where i got it from!
76561198059800779,Not Recommended,220240,13994241,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,purplered1234,"Game engine works well, no crashes. Looks great etc...However the game design is flawed so that it wrecks the game.For example: Last boss fight with Hoyt, (I think his name is), is a knife fight. You need great fine motor coordination etc... to press LMB, RMB, Space bar etc, when they pop up on screen etc.... I do not have these real world skills  and so my game ended there, this is most Unsatisfying.I paid money to be entertained not to feel I had wasted my money.To make a game dependant on the skills of the user is fundamentally flawed.There needs to be an alternative way forward. For example after the 3rd re try on the right hand side bottom of the screen appears the words ""Alternative path y ?""Ignore it if you want or press “y” key and you will get an alternative way though the knife fight.An example may be being put into a battle arena with your weapons and you have to kill the boss, and all trainers should work as in normal in the game as well.You can then just have fun blasting the boss and move on.If you don't want to do that, then play through as normal.The in game awards reflect the path you take, but you can finish the game.I am referring only to single player games, re trainers.Sometimes I just want to have fun, in an interesting environment.So a great game wrecked.Note: they did address some of the issues wtih Far Cry 2 ie missions now pop up so you are not wondering what to do next and wasting time driving to to new missions etc... and mountains now no longer need be driven around, (taking a long time), you can climb vines and go straight over, so great.I guess if you get it cheap and are prepared  to, only be able to play part way throught the game then it may be ok to get."
,Recommended,220240,2057331,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Meep^,One of the best games of all time.
,Recommended,220240,22125092,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,✪ MAGA,very fun
,Recommended,220240,3844649,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Waddles,"This game is absolutely beautiful. Plus, for a game of it's genre it actually has a pretty good plot which I found surprising."
76561198098114309,Recommended,220240,11121141,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,soos,I Recommended this game its nice
,Recommended,220240,11041982,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Jaffa,"I found Far Cry's story really boring. It was just dull and the boss fight's were very anti-climatic. The only boss fight that wasn't a quick-time event that I recall is the one where you fight the giant with weird tentacle looking hair, but I found the even more boring because your just shooting arrows at its face. I even found the mission where you burn'd the crops annoying and boring. I can tell it was trying to be cool and fun by giving you a flame thrower with dubstep music in the background but whenever I tried burning stuff I was gunned down by ♥♥♥♥ing heavies with mini-guns. So I had to continually run behind cover and suck my thumb until my wounds went away, and I constantly ran out of ammo so I had to keep going into ♥♥♥♥ing buildings to search for ammo.The main part that I found fun about Far Cry 3 was the fact that it was open worldish. I enjoyed going to the outposts and taking them over, I do wish however that the enemy's would counterattack after you have taken it over because once you take over a outpost it just becomes an eternal base which you just use occasionally to fast travel to. I found taking over outposts so much fun, once I lost some progress to a mission I was working on (it didn't save properly) so I just went taking over outposts one by one until I cleared the entire island. I then noticed a island which was untouched by me so I go to it and then game stops me and say's I'm out of bounds or something and teleported me back. This island later became unlocked when I finished the missions I needed to finish but I found it very annoying how I was constantly teleported back.All in all I loved Far Cry 3 besides the boss fights being anti-climatic and the story being boring I found the free roaming fun and what really sold me on the game was being able to take over outposts anyway you want, either it being from a sniper, completely stealthing it and taking out the guards one by one, or just going it guns blazing. I also liked the upgrades and how they made you into a bad♥♥♥♥♥mofo and how each upgrade was a tatoo displayed on your arm which I found was a very nice touch. In the end, I would deffiantly reccommend this game."
,Not Recommended,220240,13185805,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Chuck McDanger,"Great game, terrible drm. Uplay sucks."
,Recommended,220240,9660453,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,TBear,"One of the best games I have played all year. Gameplay is fun, the map is very open and feels non-linear and the storyline and voice acting is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic!!!10/10 would bang"
,Recommended,220240,14567366,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Solid_Iron,"One of the best game experience I ever played. It is perfect. this game will cause you to play and play and play. It has a great location and great open world. It has great weapons, awesome story and awesome side activities. the multiplayer and the co-op are really nice and the games are beautiful. 10/10"
,Recommended,220240,23546048,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Cubchoo,One of the greatest games ever
,Recommended,220240,14864362,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,oof,+1
,Recommended,220240,10557452,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nitrocide,"Decided to update this review after I went through a phase of having absolutely no internet for nearly three weeks. It does things to a man, luckily for me my drive to do crazy was driven back by (not a wise choice of words, I'm aware) by this here game that I had installed prior to going through that so called 'phase'.Anyway, down to the actual evaluation. Turns out, given its release it's pretty easy going on the eyes, as in, the graphics are spot on. The next thing one notices in such a game are, obviously, the guns you get to handle. A rather small arsenal to choose from. Only 34 guns in the game in total. But the way you get to access them or finally get your hands on to them, I believe that should make it worth the effort.The vast choices and open world at your disposal make the game full of stuff to do long after you're done with the story. Although, pro tip; don't wait around for the story to end. Turns out you'd appreciate the things you unlock doing the misc. tasks prior to engaging in the main story. I tried the non pro way once. And then decided to finish the game once again, doing it this new way I call 'pro way' and it made the game a breeze. Only challenge I faced was because of the higher difficulty setting I put it on.If you're into crafting and therefore improving things by hunting and gathering crap spread across the gaming world, then you'd find this game your type as well. I'm personally really not into that at all. I usually prefer having better things awarded progressively by doing boring repititve tasks. (or so I think I do??)There's a huge, important, and carefully planned out stress on stealth in this game. One of the things that really attract my kind. I like it done in the dark with no witnesses, no survivors ;)Here's my old review to whoever actually bothered reading it and then had a panic attack realizing it had been changed! :""An extremely fun gun to play with friends.The stand alone campaign was extremely detailed and indulging. Go for it I say."""
76561198078591587,Recommended,220240,7875346,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Rock And Roll Mountain Troll,"I got really far in the game, then it didn't save and i cried."
76561198045052591,Not Recommended,220240,9271335,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,radiaz2,"Ubisofts's software, UPLAY, is gutter trash.  UPLAY makes this game unplayable. Never going to buy another Ubisoft game again."
76561198041676033,Recommended,220240,8187372,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ms. Bryanna,omg i love this GAME SO MUCH JASON BRODY WHAT A BABE
,Recommended,220240,22098554,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,badhero4,"I 100%ed this game. Can't tell if I loved it, or hated it."
,Recommended,220240,9509230,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Razevoir,"Excellent shooter on almost every front.  This game brings strong mechanics, polished visuals, and satisfying gunplay to the table, along with one of the best villains you'll encounter in any game on the market.  Never dull, never a shortage of things to do, you can spend 30+ hours in its single player open world alone, and it also includes co-op and multiplayer for players who are interested in that kind of thing.  The only obvious shortcoming I found in it was somewhat inferior audio engineering, but the rest of the game is so well put together that it's easily excusable.  The game provides enormous amounts of new content for people who like to rush stories, plenty of toys for those that like to mess with its sandbox, and lots of objectives to satisfy completionists.  Top it all off with a superior PC port with excellent optimization and extra bells and whistles, there is no excuse for fans of PC shooters to not purchase this game."
,Recommended,220240,10958074,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Spider,Set a pig on fire. Made bacon in a game10/10 would set on fire again
76561198072366113,Recommended,220240,8707998,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Grimorg,You get to shoot Pigs in the wild and take photos of them gg
,Recommended,220240,8024095,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Mob,"Game of 2012 and 2013, super addictive, lot's of features, I couldn't stop playing!"
76561198137792021,Not Recommended,220240,16747978,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Tatsumi,"I hate this I bought this game and I download for 2 hours and I can't even play it.Because this game has to be played in UbisoftThat doesnt even make sence, Then I got an activation code to download on UbisoftI download it again. Then I get the gamePress ""play"" then it goes back to steam and the game doesnt load......It crashes everytime I tryed to fix this with no luckSo i'm trying to warn people of money being wasted on a game that deosnt work"
,Not Recommended,220240,14914445,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Silver Stream Pony,"I can not open the game, because some stupid thing called uplay wants me to sign in to play. I never agreed to tha crap. I can not evn make an account, it says the idiot ubisoft servers are unavailable"
,Recommended,220240,8854921,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,daredebil,Best Rpg game ! I recommend it !
76561197967003720,Recommended,220240,7898551,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Pluvius,"Do NOT buy this game!!! The is this thing calles Uplay  that is required.. the servers will not let you create an account, then when you do from their website.. it will NOT recognise your Pass or username..  The DRm is god awful, way worse than windows Live and after a 2 hour hassle the game will still not work.. no matter the price.. do NOT waste your money on this"
76561198053511165,Recommended,220240,13439560,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Liacon,Uplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥ game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,13612567,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TNH | ZERØ |,"Ok so idk what to write for this we'll just see where it goes ok ? ok :DSo first of this game is just simply gorgeos ,the graphics and the details just look amazing by far one the best looking games i have ever played even on low graphics or on medium either ways it looks amazing.Second the moral of the story is ,your basically a guy called Jason who took a nice and lovely vacation with his friends on rook island, thinking its a nice place. NOPE absaloutly not, wild animals and savages everywhere, drives you insane right?Then we got the main villian of the game Vaas or atleast the second main villian idk first or second either ways you will see what i mean ,but lets get back to it Vaas is your typical normal insane as ♥♥♥♥ing pshycopath who you ( the player ) will end up loving as your main villian believe me ( I didn't like the guy at the beggining but i ended up falling in love with him as the best ♥♥♥♥ing villian ever NO HOMO THO ....) wait where did i left of, oh yeah Vaas being the pshycopath that he is decides to let you free to survive the wilderness don't know why but lets move on with it, so trough out the game he ( Jason/You ) somehow manage to become this professional skilled soldier who basicaly spent a week or so on this ♥♥♥♥ing island and then all of a sudden oh look im Rambo i can blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up everywhere .... ahmm, but the stupid part of the guy that your playing as ( Jason ) is skining animals : Yes i know skining animals is grose but come on ,The guy became a marine in just a mather of days and he still is grosed out by skining animals , for christ sakes even the Rakyat arent grosed out by that and hes one of them (LOGIC ?) I think not.But yeah thats idk what happened to this rewiew You ( the people of this fine community ) tell me what u think of what happened here and idk we'll just see.Also Verdict is a nice 9/10 ( The 9 goes to the campaign it self, but I think they could have atleast put some work on the multiplayer you know to many Host migrations and♥♥♥♥♥♥).Game has a few glitches and such but yeah thats mostly one of the reasons i give it a 9/10.Hope u liked this rewiew and have a good one :DP.S Im currently on my second playtrough of this game im thinking of doing 4 of these ( maybe 5 if I put a mod in it ) but anyways I will see after i finish the second playtrough so yeah."
76561198008886732,Not Recommended,220240,14950902,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,d.mihajlo,This game nearly drove me insane...
76561197971641122,Not Recommended,220240,13450998,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Plüschtier,"Well. I kind of want someone to apologise to for buying and playing this game.If you wanted to give the developers the benefit of the doubt, you might argue that they were trying to be very clever in creating what they thought would be the ultimate subversive parody of supremacist hyper-masculine power fantasies. What it turned out is simply a supremacist hyper-masculine power fantasy. You're a good rich white man running around an island killing hundreds upon hundreds of evil poor brown people. You're on a quest to become the whitest and most masculine you could possibly be, and you must struggle to overcome the corrupting influences of your white girlfriend and the black priestess who tries to seduce you with her tribal mysticism.This is hateful, repulsive, bottom of the trope barrell stuff. ♥♥♥♥ this game and ♥♥♥♥ everybody who had a hand in making it.Running over sharks with a jetski is fun though."
,Recommended,220240,13083999,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Jaq Frost,No
76561198160829914,Not Recommended,220240,14928114,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,tom,the game is good i recommend buying it im making a report i bought this game and the launcher is Uplay u play asked me for an athouration but i never got one and it doesint even say resend the code
,Recommended,220240,17956964,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,-Treg-,"Awesome graphics, thrilling story, great gameplay, and a real joy to play."
,Not Recommended,220240,17745964,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Worgen,"Great game!Uplay sucks!.../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198072479770,Recommended,220240,19063179,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Prince Mudkip,very enjoyable would recommend
76561198116853011,Recommended,220240,17036425,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Bencw100,10/10good game
,Recommended,220240,7974350,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ChicKen,I love this Game so much ! Its a must have for everyone who loves Open-World Games. 10/10
,Recommended,220240,19662243,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Autistic Lord : Memeo Edition,When your broke and cant aford far cry 4
,Recommended,220240,20324419,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Magachucsgoatse.comcsgoroll.com,"When i tryed to play it for the first time, it could not auto-save or fast travel. After i tryed running it in administrator it worked pefectly. Btw, the best game EVER!"
,Recommended,220240,23785791,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Subject 16,+ Best gameplay+ Good Story+ Best Graphics
,Recommended,220240,23306089,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,haha,I played this game for bewbs and shotguns.got to see boobs and rekt people with shotguns.9.1/10.1-Will fap again
76561198021693283,Not Recommended,220240,21501497,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,August Q,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥balls! ♥♥♥♥ me! I just wanted to blast some gooks but this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ubisoftplay crap software♥♥♥♥♥♥all over my face and did not let me play my game for which I payed 250 000 rubbles. Putin pls fix.
,Recommended,220240,25356701,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DavidGN40,It is really good for time wastage or to immerse yourself into a great storyOnly con is that there are no steam achievements only uplay.So if you only want steam achievements don't come near this but if you're in for a great FPS with free play actions then what are you waiting for?!
,Not Recommended,220240,25066666,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,🅱️  ⭕️  Y,black scren of death
,Recommended,220240,25471808,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,✪ Soma Ulte,Good game :D
,Recommended,220240,25650066,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Razonix,"After playing the first game of the franchise I really wasn't expecting much of this one (I've skipped the second). Either way, my friend insisted so much on it that eventually I decided to give it a chance. Well, it's completely different from the premise of the first title, at least when it comes to linearity, since in Far Cry 3 you pretty much have this open world to explore, kinda like in Just Cause. Besides that peculiarity, it also has this system where you can get to improve your character by completing certain missions, which is kinda interesting in the beggining but it doesn't take long to get old anyway. The story and graphics are ok, I don't have anything to complain concerning the sound effects and music. You have a fair arsenal at your disposal as well. There're way too many side quests and they all look the same. Don't get me wrong, it's really cool to have secondary objectives, but quantity not always means quality. Overall, it's a really fun game and if you're into the FPS genre, I'm pretty sure that you're gonna enjoy it."
76561198272314858,Recommended,220240,24412974,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Stalin,good Game !
76561198128037850,Not Recommended,220240,25688680,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,pineapples,It's good but it'd be even better if it didn't crash every hour for no reason
,Recommended,220240,29171495,Posted: 10 January,all,✭ N ! N J ∆ ✭,Awesome)
76561198039312645,Recommended,220240,12444554,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Twister,Very good game 9/10
,Not Recommended,220240,13655165,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Drakkar,"Uplay can go choke on it, because it didn't stand a chance against me. That means I couldn't give less of a♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it didn't make me go through any difficulties.This game, however...An overrated piece of wanna-be ""Skyrim with Guns.""This game is nothing like what ""Skyrim with Guns"" tries to imply. It's much less. The only thing worth liking in this game is Vaas, the villain, who is quite amusing to look at. The rest of the characters, however, suck. Your friends? The ♥♥♥♥♥♥s you gotta save? I would've shot them myself if the game allowed me to. The Endings? I ain't making it that far into the game. I rather watch them on youtube (and I've heard they're a huge let-down).This game is worthy of a 6.5/10I would give it a 7, but that's too much."
76561197962523798,Not Recommended,220240,7888996,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,The Donald,Terrible everything
76561198070245508,Not Recommended,220240,7827796,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Crescent,My code for the game was once taken from me for no apperant reason same along with my AC3 game but I dont miss that.If u want to know who took my code it was Ubisoft.So theres a life lesson in this kids never buy stuff from UBI
,Not Recommended,220240,8043427,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Slaanesh,Унылое♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥с йоба графоном.
,Not Recommended,220240,29558,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,Tei,"Console game. Unoptimized engine. Enjoy savepoints, quicktime events, linear gameplay that force you to follow checkpoints."
76561197993407356,Not Recommended,220240,7891530,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Captain Camper,"The ""Dunia"" engine that is proprietary to Farcry 2 was incredbile. Great graphics and great framerates. One of the best graphic engines I've ever played.It's a shame that the Dunia 2 engine created for Farcry 3 is such a terrbile mess of bloated graphic settings and poor graphic performance.Alas, I can't recommend Ubisoft's third attempt at Farcry. Both Farcry 1 and Farcry 2 had far superior graphic engines, and this one is an embarrassment in comparison."
,Not Recommended,220240,7896983,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,noobninja1,"DO NOT BUY!!!!  the DRM ie. Uplay for this game causes serious issues.  you have to be online to play offline.  you have to download uplay.  you have to have a uplay account.  and if you can't log in because uplay won't let you, then you can't play the game.  do not buy this game."
76561198048285774,Not Recommended,220240,7936845,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,N3veRSm!L3ROsH89,I will recommend this Far Cry 3 when they fixed code Error 2~
76561198018927115,Not Recommended,220240,8064734,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Final876,"Despite what was promised in this game it was....honestly a complete and terrible disappointment.  I've played every Far Cry released since the original PC version, including all of the xbox spin offs, and Far Cry 2/3 Have been the absolute worst in the series.  Despite Far Cry 3 promising to fix many of the issues in Far Cry 2 it was, in my opinion, a Far Cry 2 clone.  The plot lines pretty much ended exactly the same, won't say anything to avoid spoilers, but if you know the Far Cry 2 ending you know the ending for 3.  Additionally they added ""legacy"" weapons in single player....which once acquired meant you devestated everything in you're path leaving absolutly no challenge.  Far Cry always boasts an open world explore as you will enviroment, which this game has, but that alone is not a saving grace for this game.  I really don't have much positive to say for this game because of the utter disappointment I have in it."
76561198042395824,Recommended,220240,11389100,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Qx* [L]oRd,33
,Not Recommended,220240,7828248,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,HelloCthulhu,"Might be good for some. I disliked it, and found it cliched."
27834520983759285,Not Recommended,220240,7902291,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Replika,"They say this game is skyrim with guns, HA! im not even a fan of skyrim but if your a complacent dimwit with no concept of how these games are constructed read no further and go ahead and | have your happy meal served to you, have you hand held and walked through every mundane step of this total waist of hard drive space. For a start skyrim like all of bethesda's masterpieces is loaded with an unthamomable veriaty of intreguing areas, NPCs, and side quests that lure you, seduce you willingly away from the main story path time and again and have you whiling away countless hours wondering whats round the next corner carefully choosing who you will side with, who you will or will not help, while this game does the exact ♥♥♥♥ing opposite, beyond  the primary story and a pitifull bounty board this game offers little more than farming for crafting material. Yes you can re activate towers, take over shanty towns and every single one of them is near identical and makes itself so easy a monky could be trained to do it but are more like obsticals designed to prolong your play-through time than, there is NO dialogue choices, NO path choices, the quests themselves offer NO choices in terms of order and rout, and throughout the game your option is either to fight head on, or sneak. It may be an open free roaming map but you're simply going in strait lines from one linier dungeon to another one at a time following the most utterly ♥♥♥♥ing predictable storyline iv ever seen in a game like this one. even the gunplay is just tailered to the average child who grew up played you know what of duty. but all this i could forgive ALL OF IT, if only the AIs wernt so utterly stupid, they will either rush you or stand slowly shooting at you maybe tossing the occaisional nade. The wildlife aspect is obviousely a random script event but even with its most random ilussion is notyhing more than an gimmick to make the world seem alittle more alive but really its just saying spawn animal here, spawn pirates there, animal force target pirates and places that infront of you. even the pirate jeeps are limited to half the speed of other vehicals obviousely to prevent them from chasing you too far, WHY? why cant they chase me to the end of the map? that would be 1 interesting aspect of the gameplay, 1 purpose for it being in a sandbox map and not just a platform game. Yes i can see the apeal if you like pretty shooters, but to compare any aspect of this game to skyrim is absurd its more like xcrash bandicoot with guns and not in a good way. really I play MMOs that are less repetative and more interesting than this over produced soap oprah and thats speaking from a single player standing point, I could go on.TLDR: you go in a strait line from one narrow linier quest to another, one at a time, with a couple of gimmicks and repetetive completionist quests along the way. with the dumbest and most predictable AIs youl ever see, and thats being KIND"
76561198077517702,Not Recommended,220240,7974054,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,boostedskyline,"I wish I could play more than however long it takes me to get through the intro- zip-lining down the first radio tower, but alas, I can't. I cannot count how many times it froze and i had to do a hard reset on the pc, don't pay any attention to the ""time played"" I'm pretty sure it's not even half of that of actual, progressive story-mode played, that should all be from having to restart my computer and restarting RIGHT from the beginning because it's got a weird way of saving where it's never when you need it i.e. never. Well after I FINALLY got past the intro, it saved (this was after trying a decent amount of stuff posted here and there about possible fixes) so I thought I finally did something that got it working, well no, now it's freezing up after zip-lining down the first radio tower, although i seemed to make it just 30 seconds farther than a previous try before doing a hard reset on the pc, I don't think I'll keep playing just so I can get a little bit farther than last time before having to go back to where I started. I mean, you know what they say right? 1/2 a step forward, 3 steps back, right?tl;dr-terrible PC version of a game, not sure if just poor optimization or bad direct port idk-Uplay? wtf is this even why am I opening up the game with that?"
,Recommended,220240,10495022,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Tatio.au,/crashed my car & pulled a bullet out of my arm 11/10
,Not Recommended,220240,1851329,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Meezermouzer,"Far Cry 3 is better than its predecessors but claiming it's ""Elder Scrolls with guns"" is hyperbole at BEST. The game has a beautiful world, yet it's shallow and sparse--lacking true believability or detail. This leaves the player feeling empty and unmotivated; having no emotional attachment with the world or its characters--something one wouldn't expect from an open-ended world. Far Cry 3 takes place on an island that consists mostly of wilderness with a few small shanty villages and pirate outposts that you can ""liberate"". The game has some brief adrenaline-pumping sequences but it is ultimately a generic FPS through and through. Granted, it does have a light mixture of other elements like weapon customization, skill trees, and crafting. However these options don't make combat any less repetitive or the quests any less tedious. The story develops in traditional, albeit questionable ways and side missions and challenges are laughable and boring. I wouldn't recommend this game for $30 (which is what I paid for it). I would wait for a better deal. I know there are people out there who enjoyed Far Cry 3, but I'm not one of them."
76561197970919222,Not Recommended,220240,7786210,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,jcseagle,"Not happy with Ubisoft's login policy- You may be buying this from Steam, but you still must deal with the nonsense of loading Uplay and logging into Ubisoft's validation service each time you want to play the game.If I could, I would ask for my money back as I cannot log on."
76561197969563393,Not Recommended,220240,7811725,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Nizbo,Nah-naa
76561198000801657,Not Recommended,220240,7869675,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Superfly,Don't buy this for MP. MP is good but no dedicated servers so lag is absurd. SP is good.
,Not Recommended,220240,7849840,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Throttle Kitty,"The first time I had a mission ""fail"" for no reason at all and restart me I stopped playing. This game is a total insult to the farcry franchise and a waste of my $15. The characters are interesting, the graphics are beautiful, the story seems tense, but the gameplay is trash. every 3 seconds I'm finding loot boxes full of ammo and money, when in all past farcry games ammo and money are very rare, quests reset and send me back in time for no reason at all, the camera is horrible, it jerks and snaps and makes it possible to aim or drive right, and the exclusion of the a proper ""no pause"" map like in farcry 2 just feels like an insult to me as a fan of farcry 2.I'm sure this game is great, but as an avad farcry 2 fan I feel insulted that this game is titled ""farcry 3"" when it's nothing like either of the teo games before. Farcry 2 was one of the best games I've ever played, it's rough, it's tough, it makes you think, and above all it sucks you into the game, it makes you feel like you are really THERE and farcry 3 fails horribly at that, the compass and pop ups constantly covering most of my screen ruin the beautiful graphics, the over complicate pause screen with 9000 things I don't care about makes all of this games interesting crafting mechanisms more of a chore then fun  Espicailly when it resets your mission and takes crap you spent 30 minutes harvesting from you for no reason at all.I will give this game another shot later, after all I did buy it, but my ""knee jerk"" reaction as a farcry 2 fan is that a few tiny edits they made to dumb this game down basically ruined it. Buy farcry 2 instead, it's cheaper and better.EDIT; and now it's on sell for half the sell price I payed for it the day before. I am NOT happy with this purchase steam."
76561198057076018,Not Recommended,220240,7892495,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,thegamegorilla.,"This game is a complete and utter waste off money... first off you have to download and register into A WHOLE DIFFERENT PROGRAM called ♥♥♥♥♥ U PLAY. Completely not needed in any way. Also after jumping through all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T hoops of U PLAY, you CAN NOT I repeat CAN NOT play the game at all. It will start and funtion completely normaly but when you start ANY TYPE OF GAMEPLAY you CAN NOT MOVE SHOOT LOOK or even OPEN THE MENU. ♥♥♥♥ this game ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft and ♥♥♥♥ STEAM.... 100% unsatisfied. I would demand a refund, but its not even worth attempting so dont waste your time people!!!"
,Not Recommended,220240,7825150,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Grawn Castillo,It just terrible uplay required! I bought this game and uplay was hacked. I perfer far cry 2.
76561197971619322,Not Recommended,220240,7882340,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,CaptHrothgar,"Never had such a bad experience.  Game forces you to register with Uplay, forces you to load the game from Steam then Uplay and takes minutes to load while syncing -- crashed 2 minutes into the intro mission, forcing the player to restart from the beginning of the intro cut scene.  Not impressed with this at all.  This type of crashing error shouldn't exist in a game that has been out this long.  Will continue to mess with the game but am disapointed with this title considering the reviews... This has been absurd."
,Not Recommended,220240,7908577,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Malarpuppet,Do not recommend its been continually crashing on me and although an enjoyable experience the fact that this keeps happening has ruined it for me.
76561198052396692,Not Recommended,220240,8044783,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Numb7numb,This is the absolutely WORST game I have ever tried to play.  The in-game directions suck and there is no way to excape the initial set scene.  I cannot see where I am going 90% of the time and the control keys are useless.Do not buy this game!  It is a waste of money!
,Not Recommended,220240,8050502,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,FluffyBob,"Meh.  Fun for a bit.  Not really a sandbox. The story is completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ even by video game standards and overly dramatized.  Game is way too serious for such a silly story.  Has no sense of humour.  Just Cause 2 does this whole island action sandbox thing better and at least it is funny. Main missions are mostly scripted sequences with ques to mash buttons assigned to new functions for that moment of the mission and never used in the game again. Mash SPACE to fight this guy underwater! Mash C pull the dead body off you! etc.  Might as well just be watching a video sequence because there is no choice of any kind.  This isnt actually playing the game, its a chore.  And thats what all the main missions are - chores that you have to go through to get back to the fun part of the game - proper sandbox shooter and exploration.The game is split into two halves, the second half on the southern Island,  You can see icons for it on the in game map in the early part of the game and actually see the island but if you try to take a boat over for instance you will be kicked back to an autosave.  Ive finished the first part game and have landed on the south island now but have to go into town and play a ♥♥♥♥ing poker game in order to progress through the stupid mission.  Its all set up like a TV poker game - and you are the poker stud! Well, I cant be ♥♥♥♥ing bothered anymore. Add to this that in one of the coming missions the player character is supposed to torture his brother? I have no interest thank you.Pros: nice looking game, high quality motion captured character animations, good voice acting, lots of guns to try, pretty good stealth gameplay, decent AICons: too much crappy story, forced missions and ♥♥♥♥ing melodrama. Ubisoft. Uplay."
,Recommended,220240,8622996,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,David,This game is fun.
76561198105741003,Not Recommended,220240,12993514,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,angelanddemon,I have uninstalled the game and reinstalled it. I still can't play the game. Why is it need UPlay in order to play the game which purchased on Steam?
,Recommended,220240,11122412,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,[Ibex]Valix,"This is by far one of the greatest games I have ever played. I started off this game not having played any previous Far Cry games, so I didn't know what to expect, but when I started playing I was not disapointed. The large Island was so fun to just run around or fly in the hang gliders. The gameplay and the controls were smooth, and the graphics looked pheonominal. Also props to the voice actor of Vaas. His performance brought the game to the next level for me. My only gripe with the game was the quick time event boss fights. Other than that great game and recomended to anyone who's thinking of buying it."
76561198012739714,Not Recommended,220240,9329594,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Dr Shirota,"Far Cry 3 definitely sets new standards in terms of story narration and atmosphere. Still I have several points, which led me to not recommending this game, after having finished it.In the first 15 hours I was hooked and really enjoyed the game, liked the story missions, the whole drug experiences, the fluid animations, graphics style and gameplay. I even liked the grinding for better gear.What was annoying from the very beginning is the horrible crafting and item management menu. In Farcry 2 they managed it to keep the game completely immersive and in FC3 this feeling is destroyed everytime you craft a syringe or look at the map while driving when you switch to the cumbersome menu. After the mentioned 15 hours mark, the gameplay became very stale. It's nice to have a sandbox game where you can do so many things, but 90% of these things are irrelevant like playing poker, throwing knives, looking for letters from WW2 or completing side quests. Actually this game is completely linear while being a sandbox game, which makes all freedom pointless. You can never make a decision which actually influences the story. It is not that I don't like linear games, I really enjoyed Max Payne 3, which is almost ridiculously linear. FC3 is not really focused onto the story and character development over the whole game and i found it very tiring to complete it. I also didn't like the boss fights, the mostly great story missions peaked into. Just a bunch of quick time events embedded in a virtual LSD trip, which were not really challenging.If I had only played the first 15hours I would have given it a 9 or 10, but in the end I wouldn't give more than a 6. It's definitely worth to have a look at it, but it's not worth to put 30hours in to see a pointless ending."
,Recommended,220240,11498347,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ÄciiDz™,"English: Outstanding game! A definate must buy however it suffers from a few ""Ubisoft problems"" like the FOV not working properly meaning that you can not see half the time because your gun takes up the whole screen and it means it is impossible to see your tattoo even which is what you spend the whole game working towards.العربية: لعبة المعلقة! ويجب شراء مؤكدة مع ذلك أنها تعاني من عدد قليل من ""مشاكل يوبي سوفت"" مثل فوف لا يعمل بشكل صحيح وهذا يعني أنك لا تستطيع رؤية نصف الوقت لأن بندقيتك يستغرق الشاشة بأكملها وهذا يعني أنه من المستحيل أن نرى الوشم الخاص حتى وهو ما كنت تنفق في المباراة بأكملها تعمل من أجل."
,Recommended,220240,11582860,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Zach,"wow, where can i start? this game...instant classic.i purchased the game few years after its release and boy does it age well. greatly executed open world shooter with no stupid gimmics. what a blast!!!!!!!!!!!! great graphics and a few bugs here and there but thats no reason to over look this diamond in the ruff!. hehaw!"
76561198079446356,Recommended,220240,12383957,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,50 Shades Of HUE,UBiSOFT DID SO GOOD CANT WAIT FOR FC4
,Recommended,220240,23097569,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Infinite | Death,"Why did FC3 has stop working,I can't play this gameCan you fix that,I play on AMD cardboard"
76561198244477102,Recommended,220240,24380809,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Piga,best game
,Recommended,220240,13712678,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Acidius,"This game is amazing, the graphics, the story, the concept, the environment, it's just beautiful. I rate it 9/10"
,Recommended,220240,19570711,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,CaptainCook,really good :)
,Not Recommended,220240,23963167,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Mr. Todor,"Great game in single player, but Think Twice before buying this game if you are planning to play it in MULTIPLAYER or COOP, as it has a big chance that it won't work!!! I bought this game because it had multiplayer feature, but then I realized that the multiplayer isn't working correctly. It doesn't join any of the online sessions... and I'm not the only one having this issue."
,Not Recommended,220240,12987043,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mofow,"This is not a good game and I'm going to help you understand why.You don't know until the combat starts but your charcter has X-Ray vision eye-balls. Yes. Really.Once you shoot an enemy all his movment and location are highlighted to you, meaning if the enemy runs away to hide behind a wall you can still clearly see him highlighted.The game has no immersion what so ever. Allow me a moment to explain.It's a 'Sandbox Game' that isn't a Sandbox at all. This is not Skyrim with guns.The game presents a huge island to explore. Unless you have a mission to do.Then your charcter teleports back to the start of the mission you were on. Leaving you feeling like the game slaps you on the hand and says ""Bad player. Get back on track!!""The game is too easy and to run in shooting has almost no downsides what so ever as landing a head shot rewards just as much XP as a sleath kill.This game treats the player as an idiot in many different ways. As far as I can tell it's impossible to fail a mission.Yep.. did a bad job sneeking up on that enemy? who cares!!! Not skilled enough to stealth? Who cares!! You can't fail the missionsl!! This game treats you like an idiot.All the bad guys use the AK47 which means after you pick one up you're never worrying about ammo agian. Non of the guns seem to have recoil.The game looks very impressive but a quarter of the screen is taken up by a Mini map you can never toggle off and if you're on a mission you better believe the mission description takes up the left hand side of your HUD too.Farcry 3 cleverly tricks the player by using what I can only describe as a 'fake distance'. Meaning although you can clearly see mountains and such in the background the actual local area visable is only ever quite limited but disguised in quite a clever way, even on Ultra graphics settings.As a console port the FOV is a decent 110, along with Direct X11 and Ultra graphic settings do make the game look very nice. However in the middle of a thick jungle at night time without lamps and such it isn't actually dark.The game allows Alt tabbing, but don't expect to be able to play it once you've tabbed back in. It becomes unplayable.Aside from some good visuals and good charcters (the main bad guy is actually really decent and intresting) the game is weak in so many areas. I'm glad i picked it up for £3.75 last Christmas. I would have been devastated to pay full price for this effort.Avoid it and play a better shooter unless you're after a pretty looking no brainer FPS to hold your hand as you play."
,Recommended,220240,30733326,Posted: 25 March,all,NuggetBoi,"I have heard great things about this game. I got it and could not get past the first mission becuase it would say that there was a problem and then it would crash after play for 5 min. So non of my game data saved. I refunded after trying to play for 1 hour. I even deleted it and redownloaded a couple of times. Im not sure why this happened. I have heard great things about this game but my personal favorite far cry is 4.  But I have not played this enough to tell you not to get. I would not recomend it but thats not fair becuase I had one problem and it may not have been the game, I got a new computer so I might buy the game again. I will update my review if I do. It looks like a great game and my friends love it so I will recomend it. Hope you dont have the same issue I did. If you dont get this far cry get Far Cry 4!"
76561198129617406,Recommended,220240,13632182,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pyrocynical,Nice
,Recommended,220240,13678127,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hyperion,"Nice animations, nice graphics, nice story, everything is niceby the way for who say Uplay ruined the game, make sure you check your email and verify your uplay user"
76561198031500578,Recommended,220240,15942295,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Mr_Meat_a_Licious,"The good Things about this game:-- Free Roaming game!-A lot of combating skills-Upgrades-A decent story line-Map editor is Popular-Bring a really nice tension into the Characters and Player!The Bad things about this game:--The only thing i can see is that people complain that they cant run it on their computer, My onlybit of advice to them people, Get a better computer so you can run the game, Don't blame the game!The game is a decent game and should not be hated for other people computer needs that they do not have!"
,Not Recommended,220240,15304028,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Apple Hat,"It's fun at first, but this game is essentially the fps equivalent of doing accounting."
76561198184905231,Not Recommended,220240,25042687,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Lyonel Baratheon,"bought it on sale for 5 bucks, crashes immediately on start tried fixing it for hours no luck, just bought Far Cry 4, lets hope the situation isnt the same :D"
,Recommended,220240,14857878,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Jerry,If they removed Uplay I would give this a 10/10 but Uplay makes the raiting 5/10The game is just amazing and you won't stop playing until that campaign is finished!I would reccomend this to anyone who wants a game with a really good story and pretty awesome gameplay.
,Not Recommended,220240,15575404,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Vernichtungsoperator,"I am too old for this.The graphics are great, the combat is fun, the enemies act quite intelligent for NPCs. FC3 is not a bad game per se. But the story ruined it all.The intro is like a trailer, short scenes with short glimpses into the life of some ""other people"" with whom you don't identify. Over-the-top cliche US-american tourists acting and being stupid.I grant the game its very good moments. The first ""level"" is quite nice and probably one of the nicest and most fun mandatory tutorial-level ever made. There are some other moments in the game where you just go ""whooooaa"", the music perfectly supports the feeling and you see the genius of whoever designed this one.But then: No one I know who played the game identified with the character. Or felt even sympathetic to the cause. Frankly, I forgot what the hell I was trying to do in the end. Then the game reminds you: aha. I don't care for this person.Your own alter ego's transformation from a whimsical tourist to a brawly ""man"" by the means of hunting, killing and related survival skills of the jungle seems cliche as well, but under the circumstances of being stranded in the jungle actually feels alright.Because of this transformation, you alienate your old friends over time. In the end, you get to make a decision: And the game ruins it again. It suddenly acts like a childs movie again, where there is obviously just one ""right"" decision and you get punished for the other. Even worse, the punishing doesn't even make sense and seems very last-minute design-changey.General Gameplay: Well done combat, thats what hooked me in the game. But there is some typical grinding stuff that just gets boring. The typical ubisoft ""climb the tower to reveal more map and then leap down into the hay"". Oh wait, that was the other game.. you zipline off the tower. Then some base capturing to gain spawn points and map influence. After the 15th camp you know every camp-prop, door, or hut-design by heart and start hating the game designers for that cheap gametime trick. But after the 50th camp its not really necessary anyway. You are so strong, you can just waltz by and shoot anyone who bothers. Clean that camp? Ain't got no time for that s...The problem of FC3 in short: It starts well and ticks so many boxes, but then negates all the effort by obviously trying to appeal to a maximum audience. It does that by dumbing it down so hard that all the effort of the game is not just wasted, but you as an at least half-brained intelligent player are feeling insulted. Probably one of the worst cases of wasted potential I have ever seen in the game. Just imagine what would have resulted, had the story designers wandered into, for example, Gabe's office."
,Recommended,220240,23226687,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Samwise,"That Skrillex part though.......BURN DEM!!!Honestly though what a great game, some of the most fun I have had in an FPS game in a while, Blows my mind how much fun it is rampaging through the Jungle.Overall: 8.5/10Story: 7/10Graphics: 8/10Gameplay: 9/10Sound: 9/10A blast to play, stealth and full out rampage are so much fun."
,Not Recommended,220240,13188442,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Chicken Nugger,"Clunky controls, had the worst time trying to select a weapon in fire fights. you have to hold down any button to do just about anything. The characters are off the wall and not consistent and I felt no real connection to any of them and the one character i did like died 2 missions later and i had no option to save them. every other cut scene is you getting knocked out or killed. for a open world game you have a very hard time getting around until the second island then the game is pretty much over. Also you can jump off a one foot tall rock and almost die early on. Gets pretty repetitive just like all ubisoft games and also you have to have uplay installed."
,Not Recommended,220240,9405356,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ademic1,the stupid uplay drm thing is just outright dumb why would is it on steam when u have to play it on Uplay
76561198011194841,Not Recommended,220240,8556749,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,LordShotGun,"Do not buy this game. It forces you to install and use Up-play, an Origan type invasive product that makes playing this game a massive pain. Pirate it instead."
76561198009743865,Not Recommended,220240,9378389,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Shammerr,"The game itself is pretty fun. Good voice over acting. The main character's fight within himself is pretty fun to watch despite the annoying ""I don't have the power"" and ""I'm not strong enough"" cheesiness at the beginning. What killed me with the game is the bugginess. When you are on a story mission, you can't save at all. I restarted the first part of the game three times because I didn't have a full 45 minutes to get to the point where the story was done and it would save, so I would have to start all over again and listen to the same story again. Then, if you alt tab out of it, it goes into windowed mode and you have to go back to options to change it. There are virtually 0 sound options to turn up cinema, voices vs sound effects. The sound is really an issue because on two separate computers, I've had a wireless headset battery die, and the game will not output sound again without closing down.. which is a problem if you’re in the middle of a story since you can't save. Additionally, sometimes if you open it up and it crashes, steam will think it is still open and not let you open again. To top it all off, it's on Uplay. If you've ever dealt with Uplay and the issues that come with going from Steam to Uplay, you won't want to do it again.The game would have been lots of fun and if you don't run into bugs, I bet it is. I've ran it on two separate computers with decent builds and encountered bugs on both. There are a lot of YouTube videos out there for fixing sound issues and save issues, but it's just not worth putting any more time into the game. The lack of ability to save whenever I want in a story campaign and bugs causing me to repeat stories, made me uninstall."
76561197972559318,Not Recommended,220240,9396515,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Ruk_CC,This game requires UPLAY launcher be installed...
76561198025573125,Not Recommended,220240,9485074,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Flump,Too far.
,Recommended,220240,10485800,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,<<{BLS}>>Blue,Far Cry 3 is an open world first person shooter game where you venture and try to save all of your friends. This title lives up to my expectations and the multiplayer is taken for granted. The multiplayer is decent and you will have a fun time playing it (if you can get a match). I do have to say DirectX11 is poorly implemented in the game and you will need a decent card to get to good performance. Wait until the Steam summer sale where you should be able to get it for 20 dollars with all the DLC.
76561198044448951,Not Recommended,220240,9389109,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Kbucket,"Beware of this game. It might be a fun game, but you have to install Ubisofts version of steam, make an account, and if you forget anything or type something in wrong with your account your game/cd keys are rendered useless. I paid for this game and never got to play it because of ""Uplay"" and the lack of support that goes with it. (Buy at your own risk)"
76561198053738401,Recommended,220240,7968965,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,amitkk,Great game ;D
76561198026480591,Recommended,220240,3713685,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,The Dark Ranger,"I LOVE this game but it is a bit depressing sometimes and I would have loved it even more with a different ending. If you can't play a game with an upsetting, even depressing ending then this game is not for you.The gameplay itself is great but trying to drive in first person can be a bit of an issue, especially since all this game has is first person. The world itself and the little bits of history the game's lore you can find around the game describing it's past is really fun. Finding and getting to collecters items which can reward you with XP can be misserable at times but it is always worth it in the end. The tribal tattoos on your arms that mark your XP and abilities are really cool and it is a neat feature. The ability to upgrade weapons and your packs to carry amo is nice and the hunting missions are fun. Kill a tiger with a pistol (just an example) can be quite a challenge and even comical if you were not trying to keep a tiger from chewing off your♥♥♥♥♥for a snack.The combat itself is fun and thinking stratigically to win a fight without enemy backup coming is fun, but at the same time who doesnt like setting mines on the road and watching the enemy reinfocements burn up before they can even help their poor, dying comrads?I love the game and will most likely play it a couple more times as the years go by before it becomes obsolete."
,Recommended,220240,10415887,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Valerius,Zaa
,Recommended,220240,8239782,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,CompChris,Hours of great gameplay lead to a fantastic multi-choice ending
76561198082023864,Not Recommended,220240,18492634,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,draganot,"Although I have not even played an hour I cannot reccomend this game. What little bit i actually was able to play was amazing and im sure the game wouldive been incredably fun, however, this game crashes every few minutes. Not a single fix i could find helped (checked over 30 differnt fourms including official support pages and tried exactly 37 fixes...). If you want to risk it go ahead, if it works for you great! if not, well, sucks to be you..."
,Not Recommended,220240,23233134,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Gay for Todd,this gamegave me deppresionlikein dark roomi meanin one moment a guywas screaming at mebecause reasonsand another momenta black whor-was sitting on meand not even on my dic-useless cu-tand another momenti wasfigtingsometingsomewherebecause the whor- gave me weedand someone thatgot some tattoo on his chestthat is not a picture of the main characteror the lead devfight meagain somewhereagain because he gave me some weedand another very usual momentis whena piratethats not a caribian1/10is always shooting mein the handwith some sortanew bulet typecalledhuge a$$ rockand another $hit momentwasa random guyfrom the streetthat noone gives $hitcuts my fingerand then he wants to fightagain somewhereagain because he gave me some weedand again another momentis when the black shi-i mean whor-got my only friendsthat can be countedon fingersonly with one handmy handwith the cut fingerand that bitc-that i usualy forgot her namegave a chanceto fuc- her and kill my worthless friendsor to not kill the people i usualy forgive their nameshard choisethats acualy the gameand there is coopwoahand multyplayerthat probably only ubisoft playsand the ability to forgive your pASSword in ushi-i mean uplayand instaling aditional viruscalled uplay10/10
,Recommended,220240,32368037,Posted: 12 June,all,☜The TrappeR☞,"Far cry 3 one loveWhy ubisoft do far cry 4 and far cry 5,if far cry 3 best???"
76561198083676521,Recommended,220240,8566778,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Raze,Its Skyrim in present day
,Not Recommended,220240,14868275,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Lord Seeyus,Base Game Quality: 9.5/10Requires Uplay: -3Game crashes on startup: -5No fixes that work: -10No customer support at all: -10Total: -19.5/10What a waste of time and money. It's despicable that this sort of thing can happen.
,Recommended,220240,31599952,Posted: 7 May,all,donmakles,Definitely recommend this game. The storyline started with you and your mates gets abducted by pirates. Your character escaped and gets caught in a middle of a civil war between the drug cartel and the local populace. The local faction will deceptively help you until right before the end when they betrayed you and ask you to kill your mates in exchange for you breeding their delusional tribal leader. You basically do the hard fight for them and then ungratefully ask you to kill your friends. I choose not to kill them and gave the savages a two fingers salute!
,Recommended,220240,10896421,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,catman,"I'm sitting here after the stunning 13 hour story of this game wondering ""What the hell just happpend"". I went from escaping a pirate prison, to saving my friends to getting drugged then killing hunderds of people after me for the price on my head.AnywayThis game has an amazing story on an atmospheric map called Rook Island, where the natives are on a neverending struggle with pirates led by a man named Vas. You are able to traverse the island in a large array of vehicles ranging from cars to ziplines  to wingsuits. The engine that this game uses is truely amazing and detailed, you can go from cutscene to game to menu and back to the game without a momment of pause.The game features some of the best graphics I've ever seen and runs at near ultra 60FPS on my fairly old GTX580 (whilest not running an OC)In my opinion this is one of those games that you should buy instanly buy if it goes on a sale, It'll be worth every penny.""It's like skyrim but good""-TotalBiscuit Cynical Brit"
,Recommended,220240,32164526,Posted: 3 June,all,sasdragon,"This game changed the series and really the whole open world genre entirely. It certainly has it's ridiculous moments but this is one of the few games I've come back to several times over various consoles to replay, always to the point of beating the game. It's truly wonderful"
76561198018100353,Not Recommended,220240,19540638,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,crom,"1/10: uplay; full of game breaking bugs; performance issues; can't skip the (long) cutscenes.Start up game. Geme doesn't start. Asks me to create uplay account. Wtf is this for? I don't want an accunt.Made one anyway.Game starts, there is a cutsceneFairly well doneBut the game doesn't look that good, and its fps is low.Tutorial startsthe whole time, there is this ""Saving game"" blinker at the top right. WTFit's huge and annoying, and why is it always up?I fail the tutorial. The game tries to restart the mission, but it's stuck. I have to kill it.I restart it and go back to the start.Cutscene starts again and there is no way to skip it. WTF2.It's long, but I suffer through it.Halfway through the tutorial, this ugly, huge, low resolution, white-and-blue notification pops up from uplay telling me about some stupid achievement. This happens during a significant story point, and it's right in them middle of the screen (not like the steam notifications, which are small, and at the bottom right and easy to ignore).Made it through the tutorial. I try to save, and I can't. Tells me ""can't save while autosave is on"". WTF3."
,Recommended,220240,18497599,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Herman Li,THIS GAME BETTER THAN VOXELIZED
,Recommended,220240,8707616,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Orsi (HoGbAg),"Its Like Far Cry 3, With Skyrim"
,Recommended,220240,28035853,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Crosswell Lad,Did I ever tell you the definition of a great game?
,Recommended,220240,31351953,Posted: 24 April,all,Malakai The Ninja,"In this game, you smoke ALL the drugs and wake up with a weird tattoo that gives you powers or something I guess and your friends just want to get you some help.But instead of going to rehab you become involved in a civil conflict between natives and criminals or some sh!t."
,Recommended,220240,31674130,Posted: 10 May,all,take it easy,its good
,Recommended,220240,28907456,Posted: 1 January,all,Karabiyik3,Definition of insanaty.
76561198118187510,Recommended,220240,18734190,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,GoldenGamer,"The storyline is just awesome, it is very easy to follow the story and the background story, and the characters in the game are good aswell.I would rate the storyline 7/10, of course it is a great storyline for a game but it had some negative moments too.Of course i am not going to give spoilers so i won't tell much about the storyline :).Besides the storyline i have had hours of hours of fun in this game you can collect various items in the game itself and you can do a few side missions too and you can take over enemy bases and you can do a lot more stuff in the game...The major activity in this game beside the storyline is collecting stuff to make the story complete.I have  one negative comment about this game, if you play on a harder gamemode the game won't really get more difficult or harder.It is still easy to finish the storyline and/or take over bases on the hardest gamemode.But beside that i would rank this game...... 8/10btw. i had some problems with the online server connection and Uplay but i just updated my antivirus software and i could play the game like it used to be."
76561198148235089,Recommended,220240,25546489,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,maximus.kk,"6.5/10. I'd pay up to $15. The gameplay and visuals are good, but after an interesting start to the story it begins to drag. The NPCs issue you with plot-driven quests that feel more like opportunities to lengthen the story than develop characters. There were a few exceptions, but it got annoying. ""Go capture this place."" ""Okay, what, on my own? Even though I know you'll turn up three seconds after I've captured the objective and tell me to go read the notice board for other things to do?"" This happens over and over, with the same canned lines. Why does this have to happen? Things like this made the game seem thinner the further I explored.Don't get me wrong, the gameplay is good, and the begining of the story is fantastic (Michael Mando was a great addition). I pursued this mostly for the plot, so that's why I haven't given it >6.5/10, but I only paid AU$7.50 so thumbs up."
,Recommended,220240,12508944,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,NickBlasta,"Pleasantly surprised is probably my general feeling about this game- it's okay, but not great, except as compared to its thoroughly awful predecessor, Far Cry 2. FC3 is an open-world sandbox game set on a fictional Pacific island, populated by various missions, time trials, a buttload of item collecting quests and a general overarching plot.The plot is basically that of a 90s action movie. You play a California Bro, out exploring Asia with the rest of his Bros and Broettes, who decide to end their vacation by parachuting onto a picturesque island in an x-treme fashion.  You and your bros are captured, abused, you escape and you embark on an adventure to free your friends, to find yourself, and to get even. Etc.It suffers like most open-world games in that a lot of attention is placed either in developing the world or fleshing out the gameplay, but not usually both. In this case there is really little of note to do- most of the missions involve killing waves of dozens of identical soldiers before you can proceed to the next. There are a few standouts like the famous weed-farm burn mission, where you light up a marijuana plantation with a flamethrower while Skrillex blasts over the violence, but for the most part, the game is a sequence of boring set pieces that never quite satisfies. If you love pointless item collecting there's a ♥♥♥♥ing ton of it. I don't.It's a ♥♥♥♥ing pretty game though, especially when you have a computer capable of cranking the graphics options (this is of course a Crytek engine) and it's really easy to feel like you're actually in the jungle wandering around the island. The sound DESIGN is okay, but tends to be populated by the three repetitive voice files your cardboard enemies say.It's a decent play. Everyone probably owns this already, but if you want to experience the star of 2012, go for it."
76561198040466483,Not Recommended,220240,13464082,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SteveRomo19,♥♥♥♥ her right in ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220240,7926074,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,★Igniss★,This is by far the best game I have ever played!
,Recommended,220240,26351980,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Margolio,">Uplay is a ♥♥♥♥ing jokeThat said, the game is solid with surprisingly good character developement, bout the same ♥♥♥♥♥ as 2 previous games and 2 later sequels, shooty shooty bang bang"
76561198219119392,Not Recommended,220240,27613462,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,M3NDYDYC,"why my farcry3_d3d11 is execute??? i cant play the game :,{"
,Not Recommended,220240,28900788,Posted: 1 January,all,[59th] Mi.Gr.He.Jo.,i bought the game just before i upgraded from a fx 6300 and it work fine butt when i upgraded to a 6600k it wont start :(
,Recommended,220240,26020470,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Aldrichm8,"Worth every penny boys , epic story , epic gameplay.  9.9/10"
76561198069955101,Not Recommended,220240,28906589,Posted: 1 January,all,GEEBEE,i would like it but its not letting me play so fix it? cause its sying far cry has stoped working and i wanna play!!!
,Recommended,220240,22041273,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,☜✪ The PunisheR ✪☞,"Just pounced on this one after seeing 75% off. Couldn't be happier to steal the deal!!P.S : I have played this one(The pirated version,OC) . Ready  to bust some asses in the multiplayer.  :) .....Thanks Gaben(For just one time only)."
,Recommended,220240,28272916,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,★*•.✩Millenna✩.•*★,"Hi, well far cry 3 is not so bad but to be honest the first far cry is still the best of the serie, i like what far cry become with the 2 but the 3 is pretty much the same with different map and some crafting basic crafting, only used to craft medic or some drug that give you some bonus for hunting or fighting and also improve the size of your bag and the amount of ammo you can carry that's it nothing more and it can be done fast so nothing really interesting after that.the story well i like vaas i really like this character he add a lot of crazyness to the story and that's really good far cry 3 story is really good, the graphics using dunia engine wich is a modified version of cry engine do a good job, do i recommend this game ? yeah off course it's a really nice fps adventure game so pretty sure i can say you will like it."
76561198053441162,Recommended,220240,28196859,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,joshuasmandych,"The game play and the first 2/3 of story are pretty decent, the last 1/3 is more like meh and the ending(s) suck. If you want a game with a great story then don't get it but if all you care about is game play this is a good game for you."
76561198085935134,Not Recommended,220240,28947393,Posted: 2 January,all,NorfolkInChance,"This game is class but I have no idea why it wont work on my PC anymore. I open the game after not playing it for a while and I hear the music play and my cursor hovering over the options on the main menu, but I cant see anything, just a blank screen???????"
,Recommended,220240,26259710,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,OwLu The Shy Furry,love this game
,Recommended,220240,9232055,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Sven304,Singl-play IS AMAZING!
76561198114164770,Recommended,220240,23249030,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Larry The Cable Guy,AWESOME AWESOME GAME!!! But ♥♥♥♥ing Uplay can go suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥and die in a hole. But this game never gets old
,Not Recommended,220240,15562437,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Sssith,"Ultimately I cannot recommend this game.  This is despite the fact that I enjoyed the game despite its flaws.  The problem is that there are too many flaws.   I have to imagine that this is just a horrible PC port.  Friends that played this game on the XBox and PS3 did not run into the many issues that I did.  The first is that for the longest time I could not get the game to run on my machine. (For the record my computer, while not top fo the line, is decently powerful.  I can run Tomb Raider and many other games at the highest setting).  The game would just CTD while doing the initial load.  When I finally got past that point I was still running into a lot of stuttering in this game (the stuttering would get worse the longer you played).  Edge detection was also messed up.  One time I was driving a jeep across a bridge.  Except that the jeep acted like it hit a wall when it got to the bridge.  This is a big problem because you are expect to climb radio towers.  The poor edge detection caused so many problems with this activity.  It is a pity because the game has so much potential."
,Recommended,220240,14439270,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,ZabijákCZE,"Good story,Open World, Best graphic in 2012 !!! I love this game :)"
76561198197810431,Not Recommended,220240,18548877,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,G0dtrAP,"My game crashes for absolutely no reason, randomly after 5-10 minutes. It doesn't happen on any other game, so the error most likely lies in UPlay. The funny thing is the pirates probably don't have to deal with Ubisoft's DRM..."
,Not Recommended,220240,18545851,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Dragoon,"The game is fine, but Uplay kills it completly. Just imagine needing to be logged in Uplay all the time and if your internet ♥♥♥♥s up a little bit loading screen of connecting to Uplay for everything you do."
,Recommended,220240,19202292,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Wilsoh,"Honestly, It MAY be a good game because i can't play it! i can't remeber my uplay account........ ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,220240,10916104,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hytro,Enjoy hunting? Enjoy that thrill of the hunt? Shoot sharks with snipers? Shoot people with snipers? This is the game for you!
76561198141004242,Recommended,220240,26153264,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,jackoff,"If you're into great graphics, low requirements, an outstanding story line, and a breathtaking exeperience, then Far Cry 3 my friend, is the game for you.Even now, after I've completed it already a few months back, I still think about this game every now and again or when ever I glance at it in my library, I think about how good it is in general. It's just one of those games you can play over, and over, and over again without getting bored. Even if you do get bored with the story, there are tonnes of things available around the island to do that are extremely entertaining, like discovering the ancient stories and finding relics in underground temples, or racing against the clock to deliver a package, discovering new areas to explore by (hacking?) a radio tower, and best of all, hostile take overs. Not only just rewarding money, guns, xp and teleporting locations, it offers even MORE jobs to look at, like hunting or assasination.This was perhaps the last good game in the Far Cry Series, just before the okay-ish Far Cry 4, and the seriously disappointing Far Cry Primal. I'm sure nearly everyone agrees with this.I mean, seriously. What's better than blowing up and burning millions of dollars worth of weed at a farm?"
,Recommended,220240,28534277,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Themacuser751,"Exciting game, plays very well. Great story, nice selection of guns, and reasonably challenging."
