user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,220440,32348152,Posted: 11 June,all,❃❄⎝⟫Misery⟪⎠❄❃,"First of all, I want to warn all fans of the original""Devil May Cry""franchise:This is not a""Remaster"",this is a complete""Remake""of the DMC franchise -so, do not try to lower its rating only because it doesn't feel like any of the 4 previous games.It's a modern vision of the game and there's nothing from previous experience left except for some gameplay similarities, names and hostile NPCs similar looks.""Devil May Cry""- This game is a new vision of the DMC franchise and it brings us a slightly different atmosphere compared with what we used to see in the old games.As always- of course all written down below based only on my honest opinion, and written only to help you to get a clue of in-game aspects, so you can understand what's inside the game at least partially, before you make a final decision to buy it or not.As usually, I'll start on a positive note and review some of the pros:Story-It is a very soft and full of cliche storytelling, yet greatly integrated to in-game world, has some biblical and demonological references many believers and atheists would find enjoyable.Atmosphere-Sometimes I do really think the devs are cruel drug addicts, because the amount of craziness placed on every frame in this game and these popular modern vulgar jokes completely fit his attitude. There's not much of a change in Dante's attitude, he's still a badass, cruel towards enemies, still a joker of the year(after Chuck Norris of course). Just he acts more like a bad American school boy from some typical movie about violent and dramatical teen's life(no offense American people, I didn't mean to be disrespectful towards you guys, I'm talking about actual movies your country produce and I hope it's understandable).Music-This is the best soundtrack I could ever hope to hear in slasher games with a crazy fast-paced fighting system, where everything is so intensive and completely fits the style of the game. Also, I love Noisia in general and I know they will never disappoint me with their EDM, atmospheric, deep or heavy bass music. Combichrist was barely known for me, but this game made me search for more of their music and I still enjoy some of their tracks after years.Gameplay-Crazy, fast, enjoyable, easy to learn and perform long combos, one of the best Dualshock 3 integration in games in my humble opinion.Animation-Everything looks so intensive and fast, hits look powerful, especially the heavy and charged ones. Face animation makes me smile and of course, enjoy it even more. Enemies sometimes move very funny and stupid what makes me laugh more, so I can't even consider it in cons.Optimization-No lags, no bugs, nor poor frame rate. Though I'm not surprised, because I've never seen a poor frame rate in any slasher game I've tried in my life, even in God of War series.Now for some cons that frustrated me quite much:Graphics-Wasn't good even in 2013, most of its textures look terrible, and poor even compare to some AAA-class games of 2007-2008 like AC and SW:The Force Unleashed.Bosses-Absolutely all of them(except forSpoiler Alert!Virgil) are so easy to defeat compare to common fights with the other hostile NPCs, it's really disappointing and doesn't even give enough challenge until you get to the highest difficulties, but even there all other NPCs are much harder to fight with compare to the bosses.Aspects:Score:Atmosphere10 -Limbo sitcom.Graphics5.0 -Seriously, it's the worst in this game so far.Optimization10 -30 fps is more than enough, no lag and bug issues, just perfect.Sound10 -Depends on your music taste, but for me it's just what I like the most after Drum & Bass.Animations10 -Fun, this is what you get staring at the screen, fits perfectly.Artifical Int8.0 -Enemies aren't really smart, most of them can't reach you in the air.Story7.5 -Pretty interesting and funny both for younglings and mature human species.Gameplay10 -This is what hits the top, the most enjoyable aspect of the game along with music.Replayability9.0 -After first 2 playhroughs I felt I need a break, just to finally eat something and then play again .Total8.0-Not perfect, but still a very good game that can be replayed many times throughout years.Afterwords:- The game is highly recommended for people who love fast paced action and slasher games with a highly overdosed heavy soundtrack of Nu-Metal and EDM stages.- As for fans of the DMC franchise: Try to step away from all previousCapcomand Japanese slashers, it's not the same if you expect that. It's still recognizable but can't be called the same, no, absolutely not.- I'd like to recommend all of you guys who enjoyed the game very much and wants some better challenge to try other difficulties afterNephilim. For exampleSon of Spardabecomes twice harder thanNephilim,whileNephilimis just a bit harder thanDevil Hunter. I never played on easiest difficulty called Human, so can't compare here - That's all."
,Recommended,220440,17377262,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,💉gay corrupting pollen 200(11)4,"At the request of a euphoric man in a fedora, you infiltrate a mountain dew factory in your quest to stop the illuminati.No seriously."
76561198079651814,Recommended,220440,18028768,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Sinned Valentine,"Note: I've mostly played on a friend's copy, so my Steam hours are quite little here.Scrolling through the Steam reviews, there are two things I've noticed.Nearly all newcomers to the Devil May Cry games think this is a good game.Nearly all Devil May Cry veterans ridicule, scorn and decry this game as an insult to the franchise.Personally, I've played through (all the difficulties of) DMC3, and one playthrough of DMC4 (fell short of expectations), both on the PC. DMC3's difficulty was fiendishly difficult and the combat intricate, DMC4's Nero was not really interesting to play as (though Dante was decent).Then I came to DmC. Threw myself into Nephilim (hard) difficulty at once, and could cope rather well (except with those Rages, argh). So, the veterans are right on one count, that the difficulty has been watered down significantly.(EDIT: I have played through all difficulties on my friend's copy, and Dante Must Die mode wasn't even as hard as Son of Sparda on DMC3.)But the gameplay itself is fun, mainly because of the PC-port controls which are pretty decent (as PC ports go). One gripe I have with DMC3/4 is that the PC controls are awkward and clunky as opposed to DmC's. Combos and such were far easier to pull off with DmC's controls, and combat felt smooth.Story-wise, I actually prefer DmC.Stow thy pitchforks and hear me out.In DMC3, you have a brash, young man who has an unexplained grudge with his twin brother, who raised a gigantic pillar/castle/machine down the street from his shop. Said gigantic pillar/castle/machine was to be used to open a portal to the Demon World, and Dante set off to meet and fight his brother following a rather violent invitation. Dante proceeds to slaughter his way past tons of demons, deals with a backstabbing secondary antagonist and clashes with his brother several times before culminating in a battle in the Demon World itself. He realizes that he actually does care somewhat about his brother.In DMC4, you have a brash young man who has an unexplained glowing demon-like arm, who arrives late to church, listens to music during a sermon and tries to leave the ceremony before a mysterious man appears and assassinates the head priest. Demons start popping up everywhere, and Nero begins his journey to track down the assassin, finding out that the church isn't as saintly as he thought, and eventually has his love interest kidnapped by the church. He then tries to save her, willing to kill all the demons and church members in his way.In DmC, you have a brash young man who doesn't give a used fig about anything other than himself. A girl shows up, warning him about demons who have found his tracks, and manages to defeat said demons with the help of the girl. He still doesn't trust her, but gives her the benefit of the doubt, following her to her headquarters where he meets her boss, who happens to be his twin brother. He slowly finds out things about his past by a visit to his old home, and helps his brother's terrorist organization bring down the demons who are behind humanity's unknowing enslavement. Along the way, he begins to care for both his brother and the girl who helped him, moreso than his brother realizes. After they successfully defeat the Demon King, they have differing opinions and go their separate ways.Plot-wise, DmC's is far more complex than DMC3/4.In 3, you have an enemy castle. Go in, kill everything, deal with a secondary antagonist who obviously was going to betray everyone, and fight the predictable final boss in the form of your twin brother.In 4, you have demons and a mysterious assassin, and you kill everything while hunting for the assassin. Then your girlfriend is kidnapped, and the people responsible for it are the ones who gave you your mission. Revenge, save your girlfriend, etc. etc.In DmC, there is actual character growth (only in Dante, admittedly [and to an extension, the girl]), where you have demons hunting you down, an actual backstory and a motivation to hunt down the demons themselves that goes beyond 'I have your girlfriend come and get her >:)' or sibling rivalry.Music-wise, I was initially apprehensive of the song choice. Dubstep/electronica is NOT my kind of thing. But as I played, I found that the pulse-pounding beats actually suited the combat very well, especially one boss fight in a strip club against a baby (no, really).Visually, I find the over-the-top displays of Limbo tearing into the real world really interesting, as how even the city itself swears at Dante alters to impede his progress. The enemies are quite varied too, with the grunt 'Stygians', the 'Knight'-class mooks, beautiful yet deceitful 'Witch' and brutish 'Tyrant', and cool, teleporting, dual-katana-wielding ninjas to name a few.You may disagree with me; feel free! This is merely my opinion, and if it does not sway yours, that's your call.As a conclusion/TL;DR, I would like to make one thing very clear.Though this is a Devil May Cry game, go into it as if you were going to play a completely different hack-and-slash game. An open mind works wonders.(This is the same for Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, for veterans of Metal Gear)"
,Recommended,220440,16646867,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Stikas,The story of a man and his brother who dream of destroying Mountain Dew and Fox News just so they can kill the owner of Bank of America.The gameplay is pretty fun as well.
,Recommended,220440,32590056,Posted: 20 June,all,Zoa13Mirabilis,"This is a reimagining of the Devil May Cry franchise and I have played the 4 games of the main series yet still enjoyed this title for it's own appeal. So many of the negative reviews both on here and online just seem to be bitter gamers upset that it appears like Capcom has scrapped the original series, characters they know from the original titles are seen and have altered stories/personalities/looks or whatever else they are comparing to those games. I saw the Ninja Theory Reboot as just that, a reimagining and I did enjoy the game.Pros:The gameplay was just what I would expect from a hack and slash title, it felt smooth and the combos were more simplified than in many other games in the genre making the learning curve easier but diverse enough that you aren't using the exact same OP combo repeatedly. The angel and demon abilities were a nice touch needing the player to switch based on the scenario adding a unique gameplay that makes the game more intense especially on higher difficulty levels. I loved the level design throughout the game, the first few times through it was great fun exploring all the nooks and crannies in detail. The story, attitudes and personalities of characters may have been irritating and cliche throughout the game but by the end of the game it did feel like Dante & Virgil had evolved from the bratty teenage typical drama idiots into personalities that could very well match the personallities from the original series if a sequel to this game was made.Cons:I felt the story was almost rushed, I would have liked to see more background info on characters and lore in the game but I play a lot of RPGs so I am a bit biased there. While I did say they evolved by the game's end it was frustrating watching the childish antics of these two powerful beings acting like high schoolers for much of the game. Kat was a nice addition and it would have been nice seeing a DLC showing her and Vergils relationship in greater detail in the game itself. I didn't like Dante's look at first but it had nothing to do with the hair (after unlocking black hair Dante in DMC4 I used that for example), it was the fact his look in my opinion did't match the annoying personality but the look also evolved which was a clever way to make him likeable by the game's end. The combat difficulty of enemies was too simplistic once you figure out how to fight each new encounter (with the exception of the Vergil fight & Hollow Vergil in the DLC, those guys are cheap as on HOH & HAH). Finally the graphics were fine considering how fast paced the gameplay is but considering how recent it is I was surprised at the quality of the textures at times.Summary:A great hack and slash title that doesn't deserve the negative reviews, if it was an original concept I doubt 80% of those hate comments would even exist. I defintely would recommend the title for those new to the hack and slash genre, those who like a mix of fast paced gameplay with interesting enough story and love a grindy game you can play while doing something else at the same time. I would actually be curious to see a sequel to this title and I do feel it held it's own as a whole package but Ninja Theory original hack and slash Hellblade should do the genre justice without enraging the DMC fanbase again."
76561198059451012,Recommended,220440,17949870,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jakobe Ballinga,"*Puts on original Dante haircut wig*""Not in a million years.""*throws it off**I cry*10/10 would cry again."
76561198101908030,Not Recommended,220440,8312778,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,s3r@ph,"As far as the gameplay, DmC at least manages this part in a way that reveals the heritage of the series and yet the overall depth of the fighting system is quickly revealed to be paper thin.In a field now populated by competitive titles such as Ninja Gaiden ( not including III) Castlevania: Lords of Shadow, Bayonetta, and others who dare to push the edge of 3rd person hack n slash in various directions, DmC remains strong in it's ability to provide an entertaining playfield for beating monsters senseless. This is accomplished mainly through the addition of a grappling chain taken almost straight off of Nero's mysteriously unexplained arm in Devil 4.  Unfortunately, the combo system is somewhat limited in scope.Sadly, a decently built combat system does very little to dress up the glaring flaws present within this game.After playing through the game on the hardest initial setting, the incentive to return and replay is very small as the range of potential enemies to combat is almost as limited as the weapon options you are provided. Difficulty is measured by increasing numbers rather than by the skill of the opponents unfortunately.From a story perspective, DmC falls into the trap of cliche that numerous hollywood movies and games have also been victim of recently. The main character of Dante is a stereotypical rebellious jock / punk teenager who has enough power to ignore the expectations of society and so chooses to live a hedonistic existence and cares only about satisfying himself. Rather than the calm, intelligent and slightly crazy demon hunter that has been presented in the original series, Dante is here presented as a hotheaded brat whose intelligence is often mocked by those around him and whose only interest is in serving his own interests. In short, this new Dante is representative of the common college frat boy or high school sports jock mixed with enough rebel punk to attempt to appeal to both crowds without truly identifying himself to either.While the supporting cast makes an effort to increase interest in the overall story, an element of the game that has supposedly been more heavily emphasized during this reboot, they add hardly any appeal overall. Truthfully, only one or two secenes through the game and the ending scene posses any real depth or character development or even intrigue to draw you in.From a graphics perspective, you can immediately tell the game is a console port, with limited graphical tweaking available and a bland, washed out color palette that will instantly have you wondering what happened to direct x 11 effects. In some cases players may even begin remembering the blurry days of the first Gears of War and Unreal Tournament 3. In almost every respect Devil May Cry 4 has a crisper, better looking graphics engine than this game does.All in all I would strongly reccomend Castlevania: Lords of Shadow over this title in almost every aspect but especially in regards to storytelling and artwork."
,Recommended,220440,14110859,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,F4rseeR,"Being a nephilim with the destiny of killing the Demon King is a dangerous way to live storywise, but gameplaywise it’s fun, brutal and stylish. Fans of the original series should look at this game as a prequel, after all, the main characters are different at first, but in the end they are the characters old fans loved or loved to hate. That said, this game is a good way to introduce new fans to the franchise, even though some things won’t be the same, like some plot details and the gameplay.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=377337741This is the story of the rise of Dante, from being a junkie that has supernatural potential but decides to use it to fool around to the demon hunter, protector of humanity. He fights in a world where a Demon King controls humans through debt, who controls the mass media and has a line of products that gets its consumers docile. Dante is introduced to the truth, by his brother, Vergil, the leader of an organization that seeks to free the world by killing the demons that enthrall it and by merging the human world with Limbo, the surreal place where you’ll face your opponents and whatever the environment changes.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=379366582The gameplay is what makes the game shine. There is a variety of moves to take down a variety of monsters. Combining heavy with light attacks followed by ranged attack, then pulling some other poor victim with a red chain to do your personal pattern on him is your fun and their bane. Three ranged weapons and three swords, along with the characters abilities is enough to make you love killing demons and enough to make you replay the game just to get all the moves.  Aside from the standard powers, the angelic and demonic ones are what make you feel most in control, by using the former to get to the enemies and for crowd control, and the later to pull them to you and deliver them heavy blows.  There are many types of difficulties; while the typical three are present(easy, normal, hard), after completing the game you’ll have a harder mode that serves as a new game plus, followed by one where everyone(including you) dies from one hit and the last one, where only you die from one hit, difficulties that present another reason to replay the game for those who enjoy the combat or hunt for achievments.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=377340539There are keys in secret places that open specific doors in the game, doors that lead you to secret levels, which can be challenging, depending on their tier. Aside from keys, there are lost souls that need to be killed for the sake of being a completitionist.This is one of those games I wished I’d bought earlier, because it was definitely worth the price. It’s entertaining, stylish and the story, although it seems to be made for the teen audience, is engaging and by the end of the game, you’ll know it’s a memorable game"
,Recommended,220440,14171394,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Sakurias,PC controls make me feel like I am writing an essay10/10 great game
,Recommended,220440,11948753,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Schmoes,"DmC Devil May Cry is an action-adventure, hack and slash hailing all the way from the brainchilds of Ninja Theory. Being the fifth installment into the series, yet serving as a reboot, this game received a wide, negative reception from those who are bound tightly around the original series, due to the strong character and story re-telling. Either way, I'm not one of those fans, as I accept this game immensely and greet it as its own beautiful reimagination.The game's protagonist, Dante; a young, rebellious and hot-headed nephilim, (A hybrid of angel and demon.) who has no memory of the haunting and rather unfortunate past that had happened to him quite a while back. After a heavy night of clubbing, excessive drinking and rough sex, Dante awakens the next day with a hangover and is briefly warned by a young, psychic woman named Kat who hastefully warns Dante in her own words, that ''the demons are after him.'' Speaking of the devil, Dante is subsequently fazed into 'Limbo', a place where the demons are present, powerful and crave Dante's blood. After a few ruthless scenes of both unraveling family revelations and major story plots, you pair up with the twin brother-nephilim you never thought you had, and with his intelligence and propaganda sophistication along with Kat's strong knowledge of Wiccan spells, they'll lead Dante to plunge deep into Limbo and face off a number of demonic threats such as a roundabout circus fight with the baboon-faced Hunter. Taking down a Succubus, who's main job consists of human control through producing the world's most popular soft drink, firing off a middle-aged demon puppet of a TV reporter, and even having to dance with the devil's mistress and their demonic spawn. All of this will depend on the ultimate test of encountering the all-powerful demon king, Mundus. Or Kyle Ryder, if you're wanting to know his human-form alias.The game's engine is near to being absolutely perfect and intense. Playing the role of Dante, you have a strong and calculative arsenal; such as performing combos by the slice of his sword, Rebellion. Keep the enemies stunned and juggling with his twin, ammoless pistols, Ebony & Ivory. As you progress through the story, you are granted more weapons, each with their own abilities and strategic modes. New to the series, has got to be the inclusion of the Devil Mode and Angel Mode. Dante's sword attacks change to the Osiris, a speedy, long-ranged scythe type weapon, whilst Devil mode uses the slower but more powerful Arbiter. These modes also alter Dante's mobility. Using Angel mode allows Dante to pull himself towards enemies and various points in each level, whilst Devil mode lets Dante pull enemies and objects towards him. With all of this aside, there are still a few more weapons to discover, but I'll leave the unaware player to discover.It's all worthy to note and check out this games DLC, Vergil's Downfall, which allows you to play as Vergil, in his own side story, which just adds fuel to the fire of satisfying those fans who crave more. I would definitely recommend getting this game around the time everything is on a special deal, as it's only worth buying at that time.The only thing that I find a problem with this game is the fact that the game lacks a lock-on mechanic, which all previous Devil May Cry games had at it's disposal. You only lock on a specific target automatically, depending on the third person camera angle as well as being in the correct vicinity, as you can fire your guns at targets from quite a mile away if you're standing in the right place. But this also adds to some few minor problems, such as glitching out if you accidently latched onto a target, while a short cutscene is playing.As a massive fan of the previous, original Devil May Cry games, I still consider this reboot a new step in the right direction as well as a new breathe of fresh air. Negatively looked down upon fans of the original series, due to the story flaws and late and contrasted character development, aswell the differences it has when compared to the original Devil May Cry games that fans cherish so much, Capcom gave their development rights to Ninja Theory for the correct reason; Their originality is absolutely sensational and I have every right to say that Ninja Theory delivers. I honestly prefer this game's visual style, as it's much more surreal, hollow and darker than the previous 'Anime'-esque originals, not saying I hate the originals, as I love them equally to this reboot, but in a different way. By all means, this game is both for the casual and intense gamer, so it's a win-win situation. It's a massive recommendation from me, to everyone."
76561198028737740,Recommended,220440,32813825,Posted: 26 June,all,Rufinchenx3,"When I first heard about the DmC-reboot I was happy. Until I saw how Dante was supposed to look like.I've played all previous games on several consoles and enjoyed them really much, and I guess I just got used to how Dante looked like in those.Now that the steam summer sale was going again, I decided to give the reboot a try.And it was the best decision ever. Seriously.Once you let the previous image of Dante with white hair go, and simply enjoy the game, it is def worth playing! PLUS you can choose a skin, which basically gives you the old dante-look, so: Win-Win.So far I am only 4 hours into the game, so no idea about what's going to happen past that point.I can really recommend the game! I play it on PC with a Xbox-Controller and it works really well. So far I didn't have any bugs, only my own stupidity at some points."
,Recommended,220440,28458753,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Wendy,"Let's start with a few points.Pros:Music is Amazing,Easy Satisfying Combat,Great character building,Multitude of weapons to kill and demon weaknesses,Dante is a badass, if a bit too tryhard,Art is on point,Story is fun and engaging.Lots of concept Art and Beautiful Colourful Enviroments.+Free DLCCons:Dante tries too hard to be cool,Higher difficulty levels are locked, (You keep everything if you restart, Great for replay value)Sadly it's too short :DGuns sucked for me.Dlc:Feels like they copied Bleach abit, but it was fun,Glad they showed what happened to that♥♥♥♥♥and sequel setup.Here is some of the amazing Artstyle.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=821176136http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=821175914http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=821175700"
,Recommended,220440,12364373,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,NickKnack,"I want to start off by saying that I completely understand why fans of the old Devil May Cry franchise don't like this game. And let me follow that up with reminding people that this is a WESTERN RE-IMAGINING OF A JAPANESE GAME, thus things will change including character motivations and designs.If you look at this game as EXACTLY what it is (Re-imagining) and NOT what people want it to be (apples-to-apples remake and/or sequel/prequel), you will find that while it does have it's faults, it's still a good game. Gameplay while easier than the original, is much more fast-paced and still presents it's share of challenges. Story admittedly isn't terribly deep, but I kind of found the idea of the world interesting and while the satire of American cultural ideas is anything but subtle, it is satisfying to play with the idea that some of the things wrong with the country are headed by demonic powers and thus correct them in an over-the-top way.Lastly, I want to say that with some of the things people seemed to have lost their mind over (namely a very short cutscene in the first level), I want to say to them FINISH THE GAME. Dante changes throughout the game, growing as most young people do. In the end, I could sum up almost all complaints about this game as being a over-blown case of ""Judging a Book by it's Cover"". Do I reccomend this game to new fans of the franchise? Yes. Do I reccomend it to old fans of the franchise? Yes, if you're willing to see what this game is, rather than what it isn't."
,Not Recommended,220440,931429,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,[VIOLENCE KILLER]GUI,"The story is atrocious and tries too hard to be edgy and the combat somehow manages to be less deep than the first Devil May Cry title which came out over a decade ago, yet somehow it manages to be fun only because of how terrible almost every melee action game is.Get it when it's u$20 or less, or if you have an Xbox 360 do yourself a favor and get Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising Revengeance (Update: MGRR is now on Steam, BUY IT) which are games with way more depth and less pretentiousness. If you don't have a console then get Devil May Cry 4 (DmC: Devil May Cry is a reboot of the series) since mechanically that's an objectively better game than this one."
,Recommended,220440,32985623,Posted: 29 June,all,∞ FalleN SoldieR ∞,"StoryAfter a long night party, Dante wakes up in a camping trailer, seeing a girl named Kat, which says him some hunter tries to get him. Immediately after this event, Dante ""teleports"" to the ""Limbo"". That's how it starts. Dante as a son of Sparda (Demon) and Eva (Angel) has a lot of powers and quickly gets rid of demons trying to kill him. When the hunter is dead, Kat takes Dante to the ""boss"". This ""boss"" turns out to be his brother, which wants to kill all these demons and bring the peace back.GameplayCombatSeven various weapons and tons of combos make it just perfect. While fighting you will earn ranks: D, C, B, A, S, SS, SSS which are needed to get higher rank after completing some stage. Many types of enemies with totally different style, also some require the right weapon to counter them. The thing that holds us to play it more is an ""upgrading system"". Each time You finish the mission (depends on ur final score) you will receive points for it.MissionsDmC contains 20 missions. Some of them are typical slashers and some of them are ""jumpers"" with less combat. There are hiden ones as well. By collecting keys you may find a door to unlock so you can play it, but these are just tasks with some rules: enemies take damage in the air only, enemies take damage only on marked field etc.BossesHere it's worse than in previous parts. They're way too easy. I died once versusBob Barbas (reporter), once versusVergiland the only boss that was a bit harderMundusI died around 5 times.CollectiblesSouls to free, finding keys and opening doors are collectibles here. There are ""mini"" ones as well, for example - item for recovering health. If you complete the mission behind the doors your max health will be increased.SoundtrackI only can say it's the best soundtrack ever. In my life I've played a lot of games and I couldn't decide which one would be the best, but after playing DmC it was obvious. Previous parts also were fine with it, but here it's just a masterpiece.Clouds of War by CombichristNo Redemption by CombichristNever Surrender by CombichristGradeDmC: Devil May Cry is a solid game for hours. If not for soundtrack then for completing it or collecting achievements. In my opinion the best ""hack'n'slash'' game I've ever played. The only thing I don't like is the level of bosses, about rest I can say only positive things - 9/10"
,Recommended,220440,34537466,Posted: 27 August,all,devilinmynoodle,The story of a man and his brother who destroy a Mountain Dew factory and Fox News in their quest to stop the illuminati.﻿
,Recommended,220440,32324006,Posted: 10 June,all,Apriarcy,"Please Ninja Theory, please continue making Devil May Cry games.This game felt extremely polished and was a blast to play. People complain about the story not matching up exactly to the original series, but I don't believe it was ever meant to.This game is S-S-S-Sadistic."
,Not Recommended,220440,9002419,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,6er,"As a standalone action game, it's alright. It's flashy, combat is decent although seems kind of slow paced and awkward at times, and the game makes you feel cool. The level design is probably the best thing about this game; some of the environment aesthetics and boss fights left me thinking 'this is pretty awesome'.As a Devil May Cry game, DmC doesn't hold up to it's predecessors. I understand it's supposed to be a reboot, but they took away so much from the original series it hurts. The fact that certain enemies can only be killed with certain weapons is disheartening. Switching between weapons was very fluid, I'll give it that, but the weapons coolness factor was undermined by a very small moveset compared to the previous DMC games (style moves, I'm looking at you).Granted Devil May Cry games are not known for their plot or writing, but DmC's is just atrocious. I found the new Dante's favoritism of swear words and punk attitude a little overbearing and annoying when compared to the old Dante's cocky, happy-go-lucky overall badassery. All in all, I give the game a solid ♥♥♥♥ YOU/10.Play the other DMC games instead, except 2."
,Recommended,220440,33037513,Posted: 30 June,all,Mid.Betrayer,"Played it 4 years ago, but cracked.Now I have money to buy it.Play it again.Still awesome like 4 years ago.Amazing Hack and Slash."
,Recommended,220440,15833919,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Chug,Pros:-Vergil's fedoraCons:-Vergil takes his fedora off eventually
,Recommended,220440,34256388,Posted: 15 August,all,💕fr0sent1337 <3,"DmC is fiercely creative, and with its new features in tow, so much better than before.Oddly, it's the story that's surpassed expectations here (excluding the still dire effort in the included Vergil's Downfall DLC)-not because it was ever bad, but it was always overshadowed by the stellar combat. Playing through it again, though, it's amazing to see just how ambitious and, at times, rather clever, it is. Let's not forget that, as a series.Small plot holes and a few heavy-handed moments of satire aside, DmC's story does a great job of crafting a foreboding atmosphere to back up its action, especially when coupled with the excellent voice acting and effortless dialogue."
,Recommended,220440,29146982,Posted: 9 January,all,N-Nani?!,"Before I get to the review; I want to say that the best way of playing this game is definitely with a controller, so before you purchase the game itself, make sure you have one.I sort of have a love hate relationship with this game, as I keep progressing through the main campaign, its problems keeps dragging me back, yet its gameplay is just fun enough to keep me going until the end of the campaign. That doesn't mean the game itself is bad, though, lets start with the positives;+ Gameplay feels fresh, fun, and fluid. With a little practice and some getting use to, you can pull off some flashy and spectacular combos that give you a sense of accomplishment+ The style system is great and encourages players to mix up their combos, use different weapons, and not just mash buttons+ Limbo sequences are beautifully designed and are absolutely brilliant to play in and traverse through+ The music fits well with the theme of the game most of the timeHowever, it does have its flaws, and here are some of them;- The main story is pretty boring and generic with a few yet predictable twists, the way its delivered is also pretty uninspired, as there is even a level specifically designed as a generic exposition filler of the campaign's story- Characters are uninteresting and aren't very well fleshed out. Dante's dialogues are corny and his jokes are a hit and miss, Vergil barely does anything throughout most of the campaign, and Kat is just a boring and forgettable side character. The same goes for the rest of the story's forgettable cast.- Enemy designs are recycled and imo is worse than previous Devil May Cry titles- Apart from a few interesting ones, levels are quite linear and can be short sometimes, the same goes for the entire campaign; which is a tad bit short- Bosses are tedious and follows the same basic formula; take out its first health bar, expose its weak point, hit said weak point, take out its second health bar, expose its weak point again, rinse and repeat until it dies- Camera issues hinder the flow of combat and can lead to a lot of frustration, especially when moving or engaging enemies in tight corridors or next to a wall- Certain button prompts seems unresponsive and some of them are poorly implementedIf you can put the game's many flaws aside, the game works for what it is, and is a passable addition to the franchise, but I wouldn't consider it worthy of becoming a reboot of the Devil May Cry series.< 7 / 10 >"
,Recommended,220440,20445209,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,mellow c:,"*Puts on original Dante haircut wig*""Not in a million years.""*throws it off**I cry*For real tho, this game is a 10/10 from me."
76561198011515629,Not Recommended,220440,8400686,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Blackcompany,"DMC gets the world building right. The level design is truly excellent. Inspired. Different. Likewise, the writing is solid. Its not world changing, but compared to other video games, its pretty good. The characters are intriguing and the satire is obvious enough to be appreciated whilst not so heavy as to ruin the tale.Pity then, that while this game makes major improvements to DMC's world and characters, is does absolutely NOTHING innnovative in terms of game play.Everything you expect from a typical brawler is here. Gradually escalating enemies, in both number and the tedium involved in defeating them. Gimmicky bosses and mini-bosses whose continued reappearance as part of later waves goes from challenging to annoying with a speed that is mind numbing. Cumbersome and tedious platforming sections that far overstay their welcome, and crop up far, far too often to be fun. Tell me, if the only thing I lose when falling from a platform is tiny bit of health, WHY BOTHER with the platforming AT ALL? It's never been fun in these games, and that has not changed here.DMC tries. It really does. It has all the marks of a developer determined to do something new, relevant and different - constrained by a Publisher terrified of making even one single, meaningful change to what has become the brawler's too-formulaic design. As is typical of brawlers, the first few levels are fun, with single bosses and mini-bosses and relatively simple platforming. As things ramp up and the mini-bosses are combined as repeating waves while the platforming sections become longer and more complex, the fun fades fast.My recommendation: Check out the cutscenes and ending on line. This would have made a fantastic movie. Pity then, that it ends up making mostly a terrible game, in the end."
,Recommended,220440,25232936,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,White Tides,"Simply a breath of fresh air.I had some money to buy some games as the Capcom publisher sale was on and I stumbled upon this and the reviews seemed decent and I was ready for a break from money sapping microtransaction bulls**t FPS games not hinting any particular ones...I brought this game expecting another decent DmC game but I was not expecting to fall in love so much. In my opinion this game is next to formiddable. The unique style of the bosses and learning new weapons, combos and weaknessess of enemies keeps the ball rolling. Oddly I found myself quite invested in the characters too. You have a new style for Dante which somehow I have come to adore and a string of likeable and dislikeable characters all for good reasons. Nice refreshing fast paced combat tied in with discovering new foes and being told a fantastic origin story of the protagonist. I must say the Second level is slightly repetitive and if you find yourself buying this game and find that too; give it another chance and it WILL win you over.I find it hard to tell whether I love the story more, the combat, the bosses or the characters. This game is a must-buy if you have played any combat games and want a challenging yet story-gripping, single-player experience. Amazing game. Proof that Capcom still have what it takes to win us over. Good Job Capcom."
,Recommended,220440,10539530,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ducky,i love this game more than i love myself
,Recommended,220440,28076372,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nono5551212,"WOW... Just WOW...- A great Casual game- Epic Boss fights (Baby and News Guy)- Excellent use of button mappings- Plenty of weaponsThis game is just a mindless hack and slash romp with a terrific story. It could of used a better weapon upgrade system and maybe a few puzzles....If you're a casual gamer like me, you will enjoy this immensely...I wish more casual games like this came out for PC."
,Recommended,220440,28685654,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Azer Bülbül,Poor storyline with great action and weird dialogues. But still enjoyable 6/10
76561198075983168,Recommended,220440,32958154,Posted: 28 June,all,FoxFang99,"it's a good hack n' slash game with a good story. As someone who played the original DMCs, I say this is a awesome direction to reboot series."
,Recommended,220440,14571544,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Shippo1992,"This is my first time playing a Devil May Cry game, with this being what introduced me to the series. Having never played any of the previous games in the series, all I knew was this being a hack and slash game and that it was a reboot of the series. I know this game received a lot of hate when it was initially released, because of it being a reboot, having a brand new Dante, and that sort of stuff. My review can't really speak on that as I haven't played any of the other games in the series. So my review will be based solely on this game itself and my experience with it. That said, I can definitely say I really enjoyed this game and had a lot of fun with it. The soundtrack is a pretty wild one, with some crazy music, but it definitely suits the atmosphere of the game and makes the battles and fights rather exciting. The atmosphere of the game was really great, as it didn't take long for me to be immersed into the world of Devil May Cry. From the level designs to the art style of the game, Devil May Cry's visuals definitely impressed me and just added to the amount of fun I was already having with the game. It also further impressed me as well. The fights themselves are smooth and fast-paced, with the music just really adding a lot to the fights. It definitely got me really into the fights. There's also a lot of stuff to do in the game as well. The main game consists of 20 missions, but it's more than that. There's lots of collectibles, side missions, and more. With storyline, I thought it was pretty good for a hack and slash adventure-action game, It definitely kept me interested until the end, and even wanting more. Fingers crossed that this game does get a sequel. But yeah, adding onto the game's content, there's definitely a lot of replay value, with the various difficulty modes of the game, which can be unlocked by completing other modes. Or going back through levels to collect missed items, find hidden secrets, and more. As I said, a lot of replay value. To be honest, I think at the beginning of the game, Dante was someone you could have mixed feelings for, but I think he had some great character development as the game progressed, developing into a hero that made me proud to have played.Overall, I found DmC: Devil May Cry to be a great game that I had a lot of fun with until the very end, and yet still wanting more. From an awesome soundtrack to interesting storyline to impressive visuals and atmosphere, this game impressed me in many areas. I had my doubts about this game before going into it, however after giving it a chance and playing it fully through, I can definitely say my initial doubts where proven wrong. I'm glad I took the chance on this game, as I had a lot of fun with it. I've got no problem recommending this game to any of my friends. It's well worth two thumbs up from me."
,Not Recommended,220440,7873880,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,骰子~,"DmC: Devil May CryTears will be shedWhen you think of Devil May Cry you think of the iconic character that stands at the front of it, the nonchalant protagonist who remained a core part of the franchise and its image. A lot of gamers would see his white hair and red jacket and know it was Dante, from Devil may cry. Dante as a mascot could be considered more prevalent than the series he originated from, with several crossovers including a role in Marvel vs. Capcom 3. DmC: Devil may Cry does away with all of this, rebooting the entire franchise, all of its characters and it’s universe to try to appeal to more gamers, with a contemporary storyline written by the guys at Ninja Theory, you know, the guys who made Enslaved: Odyssey to the west, an amazing game. Unfortunately, while DmC: Devil may Cry may have some of the looks of a DMC game, it’ll never have their fire.DmC: Devil May Cry is a complete shamble. Something went wrong at Ninja Theory when these designs came together, and it’s unclear how such a mess could’ve occurred, but at least there’s something salvageable here, it’s just a question of whether that something is enough.You start off with a pretty off taste main menu, with Dante surrounded by near naked Angels, where-in you can start a game in a few difficulties, with more unlocked later down the line.The opening cutscene is more than enough to make you sick. To put it into simple words, Dante goes to a club, picks up two girls, and takes them to his camper van to have sex with. Classy, Ninja Theory, Very Classy. After this, the first main game cutscene starts off with a naked Dante in his camper, waking up to a disturbance as he’s pulled into Limbo, a Plot gimmick that allows Dante to fight Demons in broad daylight while unsuspecting people go about their day. When gameplay starts after a brief cutscene with the forgettable love interest, you’re taught some basic combat moves as you fight some lesser demons, it plays well, it works and looks good. At 60 FPS it definitely fills its role as a spectacle fighter. Unfortunately it doesn’t get any better.The games story progresses in a linear manner as you’re introduced to characters like Vergil, Kat, Mundus and the other antagonists. The Dialogue ranges from acceptable to messy. When the best your character can follow up a ♥♥♥♥ you with is a ♥♥♥♥ you, then followed by a successive ♥♥♥♥ you, you lose a lot of my respect for the integrity of your story and it’s writing. Also, “You can call me Dante the Demon Killer” sounds like an 8 year old in a playground, which is pretty much what our new Dante can be equated to. Vergil is also a disgrace of his former self, but I don’t think you need to look further than his fashion sense to know that.Gameplay consists of the usual combo fighting expected from a DMC game and it plays very well. From my experience it felt robust and fun to play, and using the weapons was fun, unfortunately, even the best parts have their issues. Most enemy designs are well made and fit with their roles, but the main problem comes from the inclusion of Demonic and Angelic weapons, and the inclusion of enemies that can only be hurt by specific weapons. Limiting your arsenal to specific weapons (Until you get 2 of each weapon, which can be quite late in the game, this limits you to literally one weapon) in a game about performing a variety of combos makes no sense to me.Later into the game you also acquire abilities such as a chain to pull yourself to places and pull things to you, which seem to provide a similar function to Nero’s arm in DMC4. The utility of these in combat makes it quicker and less frustrating to engage enemies as quick acquisition of an enemy is no more than a chains pull away. Along with a glide, these mechanics make movement and combat a lot more exciting and streamlined than previous instalments, and they don’t take away the depth of it either. Some ‘hardcore’ players will argue though that the game doesn’t provide enough weapons or combos to suit their tastes, and this is a valid argument, but for those who aren’t interested in the ‘hardcore’ aspect of the DMC games, the combat in DmC:DMC is good enough to entertain most players looking to do one, maybe two playthroughs.The accompanying soundtrack to this game is questionable, employing such talents as Noisia and Combichrist, one known for making Dubstep and the latter for making “aggrotech”. One or two tracks are acceptable and give a good fighting feel, but a good majority of it resides in the realm of sounding like every other Dubstep track out there, or some loud vocals partnered with unfitting techno.DmC: Devil may Cry features really beautiful environments, some of the best of its generations of games. Not once did I see a texture and think it was stretched or low res, or a model that looked a bit jagged. The Art style for most of the assets is really nice and colourful which is a contrast to previous games in the genre, and although some of the old, dark and spooky areas from previous games are missed, the new ones are a welcome addition. It could be argued that they take away from the atmosphere of the game but it’s a hard argument to make considering the plot surrounding that atmosphere.Overall the plot and handling of the characters is the most controversial topic here and needs some going over. There are some serious issues with the way the reboot was handled, including the defacing of the franchises main character. Many would argue that it's a small price to pay for a good game, but a lot of what made DMC good was the connection with Dante as a nonchalant cool character that broke a lot of normal story telling conventions. Dante wasn't a mopey protagonist who hated being a half demon who had to kill people and had a burdened past or whatever. He was cool, he didn't care, and he was having fun doing what he did and the players were in on that too. At the same time, there was a sense of delicacy with the plots of the original games, which was not taken into account here. The plot feels scrambled together with names taken from the original but not much more care put in past that. Mundus is some kinda weird Corporate Boss that doesn't fit his original representation, Vergil is the new Anonymous ringleader and the ending twist is poorly done and easily predictable.DmC:DMC has some issues and is an insult to the original fans who craved for another iteration of their beloved franchise. It's not bad though, and it has some appeal and fun aspects, but don't expect a DMC game. Expect a game with a poorly mashed together 'contemporary' plot, some awesome spectacle fighting gameplay, terrible Dubstep music, and gorgeous environments.If you're still interested buy it on sale but don't pay more than £10/$20 for it. If you're a fan of the original series and are interested in similar games that could scratch that itch, try Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising Revengeance (Slated to come to Steam in the near future)."
,Recommended,220440,10218846,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TesseracT,"This was my first DMC from the franchise, so I had no idea what the game was about besides a action / adventure type game.I was impressed at the controls and the game play, it had an easy to get into fighting mechanic that became more rewarding an interesting the more time you put into it.The main thing that makes this stand out from the xbox / ps3 version is the support for higher refresh rate monitors. The game is just much smooth at 145 fps + 144hz."
76561198114199228,Recommended,220440,35101181,Posted: 21 September,all,Cheshan,"Yes, Justyes.This game is beautiful. Almost all of the missions have their own colour pallette and are extremely varied. I can't stress enough how stunning this game looks (especially the PC version).Now, about the story... It's good. Not fantastic or particularly memorable, but interesting enough that you keep playing. The characters are likable, and I'm more than serious when I say that THIS specific Dante stole my heart. His somewhat cringe-y, but still humorous dialogues make me smile like an idiot.The only thing that bugged me is the gameplay. Without a controller it's a mess, and while I'm pretty good in these arcade-type games, I found it difficult to get SSS on every level.*sighs*Perks of being an achievement wh♥♥e.(For the love of Vishnuu, stop bashing this Devil May Cry game! Be a bit more objective and put your shallow-minded feelings aside.)"
,Not Recommended,220440,9075044,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Spam,"You know, I don't even care about the art design, or how uninspired and souless the plot is. I don't care that it's 'edgy' or grimdark, or whatever fanwank bull people throw back and forth about this. This game is bad because it is mechanically a train wreck. The combat is somewhere between mediocre and broken, nothing short of an insult to its legacy."
,Recommended,220440,13970120,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Dana,"To newbies, DmC: Devil May Cry supposedly to be a direct sequel to Devil May Cry 4 from the Devil May Cry original series, but the developers decided to reboot the game. To be honest, the past Devil May Cry/s were dark and scary. I remember, when I was still 10, I played the first Devil May Cry on my ps2 and it scared the ♥♥♥♥ out of me. Whenever I played that game, hairs all over my body started to stand and my heart raced. I don't know if the game was horror, but to me, it was. And there, I found my childhood crush, Vergil. To me, Vergil was cooler than Dante.DmC: Devil May Cry is a totally new game. It's not that dark anymore compare to the original series but it still has it's (dark?) humor. I finished the main story on my ps3 in 18 hours, now, I finished it within 10 hours. Talk about short. Still has the repetitive gameplay and fighting styles and collecting the must collect to achieve that ""SSS"" rank. Though it's the same gameplay from the original series, but it became your typical hack and slash game that's easy to finish.In this reboot, they added new female companion, Kat. Dante and Vergil has a new look and started to be really close within the story until the last. The redesign of both two main characters were actually spot on. Dante became rougher and Vergil became more sleeker.Overall, I like it. 8/10"
76561198251653634,Recommended,220440,25972808,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Weeaboo Jones,"I am a massive fan of the Devil May Cry games as I have owned each game on consoles beforehand have been very happy with each of the instalments in the franchise. So here we have DmC Devil May Cry the 'Reboot' of the series which has a new Dante in a new universe, now when this game was first revealed the fans lost their♥♥♥♥♥♥all because Dante's character design had been altered a lot.Now at first I was a bit uncertain about his new look but decided not to judge a game entirely based off of Dante’s look which now it has grown on me but I still prefer the classic look. Now for those that do prefer this, there is a costume which makes him look like DMC 3 Dante which I used and LOVE to bits so you can always use that if you don’t like the standard design (although you gotta pay for it soz) so for the design i let it slide now onto the story.The story in this DMC game isn’t great but it’s not too bad so there is SPOILERS up ahead so if you don’t want it spoiled stop reading. Originally Dante’s mother Eva as we all know was a human and his father was the legendary dark knight Sparda, now they are still his parents but Eva is now an Angel and Sparda is just know as a traitor who has been banished forever. Dante meanwhile can barely remember anything cause he's busy banging angel hookers and killing demons.They introduce Kat who is this games Trish (I think) and she basically is the one who helps Dante and is a crappy love interest, Virgil his brother returns with a better voice actor, explains to Dante they are Nephilim (Half Angel, Half Demon) has become the leader of the order who turns out to be a child murderer and power greedy prick in the end.Mundus is back but not in his almighty form like in DMC1 instead looks like the kingpin from Daredevil, he has many great moments such as banging his woman Lilith against a table whilst causing tremors cause ya know he’s a god. The fight against him in Mission 19 is way too easy and so is the final boss which is not usually the case in DMC games.Combat is very good in this game and unique with the different weapons for both angel and demon all though i found firearms to be quite useless, devil trigger is cool but i still prefer the classic way it was executed and the environment known as Limbo was really cool and had so many different areas to explore. The game is best played on Nephilim difficulty when you start as its till quite easy even if your new to the series and also has better rewards. Has some good battle music, is very edgy and doesn’t have many good old smart♥♥♥♥♥one liners like classic Dante did. Also the bit in the carnival where the white wig lands on Dante’s head he says not in a million years? Yeah not cool ninja theory.There is a DLC called Virgil’s downfall that I’m currently playing through and I must say it is very good so far so I would recommend picking it up too.A good game that did not deserve the hate it got at first, if your still not sure check out angry joe's review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4NaBrFkiDoGive it a go guys! 8/10"
76561198080713218,Recommended,220440,25066187,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,¤PsychoSky✯,♥♥♥♥ing love this game wish it had bloody palace...
,Not Recommended,220440,7890453,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Yue,"Bad Capcom. Bad. That's a very bad Capcom. You stop that. Okay, so if your only exposure to these sorts of insane action games are God of War and the like, you'll probably dig this. By the standards of Ninja Theory's previous releases, it's servicable and the plot is not executed poorly.The mistake, you see, was calling it Devil May Cry. Once you compare it to DMC3, or hell, 4, even, it falls apart. The new Dante is an abomination, the new Vergil is a joke, the story is terrible and falls apart. The fights have no variety or challenge, and the entire game is just a bad insult.The Fox News level was pretty neat. I would have liked this, probably, if it weren't Devil May Cry."
,Not Recommended,220440,10531640,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,88 Fingers Edd,"Its like DMC easy mode with an edge lord ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as a main character. If you like total abominations and games that just shouldnt be made this is the game for you. 2/10 not worth the 12 dollars i paid for it. Seriously though, if you wanna play a DMC game start with the earlier ones or just start with 4 since it was the last one before this one, its combat is better and it gives you a much better feel for the whole DMC series and universe."
,Not Recommended,220440,9095124,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Legendary Dark Knight Eona,"Okay, I was really disappointed that Capcom was doing a reboot on this game. They really made Dante unattractive in this T_T God he was so cute back in the original games. The gameplay isn't that good either, it's kinda slow and lacks appeal to me. The music is just downright annoying. I couldn't even train my hands to be strong, meaning I wouldn't able to satsify my boyfriend with a handjob if I were to keep playing this game. Play the original games, they're much better, more fun too."
,Not Recommended,220440,8832102,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,(λx.x)🔪,"'what a cool looking level that's so awful to play' - Every LevelUPDATE: It is worth noting that ""Definitive Edition"" was not released on PC and is not included in this package."
76561198147743418,Recommended,220440,26450619,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Asch33,"This game is really good. It's something I keep going back to just for the gameplay, which is a good thing for a video game to have.I don't really have a problem with the story, it's good enough, and I like the characters and the script well enough even though you might cut yourself on all the edge. It's not really good, just good enough.But what really matters is the gameplay, which is really good. Is it easy to get that SSS rank on your combos? Yes. Does that make it any less fun? Nope, it's still really fun to knock a demon up in the air and bounce it on the ground until it dies.The only thing I found myself annoyed with was the platforming. Thankfully these sections don't drag on for too long before you're right back in the action.Definitely get this game if you like hardcore action games."
,Recommended,220440,33056962,Posted: 30 June,all,Georgis Belial,"Big fan of the Devil May Cry franchise, I've been playing these games since day one on PlayStation. Even though I am not thrilled with the story of this reboot, I have to admit that the gameplay is out of this world!I can't think of any other hack and slash games that have such a smooth combat and the combos you can pull off are limitless. It is, without a doubt, the most enjoyable game I have in my library at the moment.Definitely gets my recommendation to anyone who wants to get some action by slashing and shooting demons. I wish the next games of this franchise will keep these combat mechanics.PS: You thought Vergil couldn't get any more badass from DMC3? Download the Vergil DLC!"
,Recommended,220440,29380366,Posted: 20 January,all,Vaibhav.Big.B.Wolf™,This is the first DMC game I've played.Absolute blast to play - 10/10+Great Story+Fab Design+Awesome Fighting Mechanics+Insanely Good Levels+Cool Boss Fights+20 missions with Collectibles
76561197995852854,Recommended,220440,8311951,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rasghul,"This game is just fine. DO NOT listen to the community, they are blinded by their ignorance and false stereotypes.A true dmc fan can enjoy this like the former ones as well.Thing is, everyone forget that It's not just a reboot, but also an origin story. So dont blame Dante for his personality.. he's young and thats how he suppose to act.Pros: Good control, Music, StoryCon: Gonna fill this if i find anything."
,Recommended,220440,26501931,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Awwpa ♥♥,Very fun game to play...plus you can do some crazy combos which is freakin' sick bro hehe :D
76561198053552710,Recommended,220440,18827469,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,✖ButterflyEffect✖,"This game is basicly the best Hack´n Slash I have ever played.Really great and long storyline.Really great metal soundtrack songs.Intense fights.Here and there some funny jokes.You cant do anything wrong with this game if but only if you like these kind of games.Rating: 9,5 / 10"
,Not Recommended,220440,8665471,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,TurMeFs,"It was fun at first but after about 2 hours when you've managed to experience a big part of the combat it becomes apperant that the combat is more shallow than the older DMC games and way easier. Getting up to SSS rank in combat can be done by about 3-4 combos in large clusers.All in all the game isn't horrible but doesn't hold up if compared to other DMC games. If you've never played older DMC games or you're more of a casual player I recommend picking DmC up as an introduction to the series. If you're a veteran DMC player I'd recommend you pirate it and decide for yourself. It's very hit and miss for veterans but the key to enjoying it is to see it as a spinoff, not a true DMC game."
,Recommended,220440,14672945,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,deST),Day 289 :I've forgot how it feels like to have a social life or hang out with friends.Trying to complete the game on ''HELL AND HELL'' difficulty.Most challenging difficulty in history of gaming.10/10
76561198031780569,Recommended,220440,23191864,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,tmtapani,A fun game.A good game.But I'd still rather have the old Dante and the old continuity back.That pretty much sums it all up.
76561198251345300,Recommended,220440,28958505,Posted: 2 January,all,SSavage!!,One of the best hack and slash with great ost and characters game.Not to forget the smooth gameplay and breathtaking enviroment. I fell in love with this game and have mastered it and still play from time to time
,Recommended,220440,25078294,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Melted Cheese & A Ketchup Smile,"I remember when this game first came out. I was all bitter about the reboot. How Dante looked, ect.I've been a Devil May Cry fan for a long time. I had an e-mail account relating to it.Well, 3 years later and I've finally played the DmC reboot, and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It might even be my favorite out of the whole series. While I haven't finished the game yet, I'm working through main story and I just absolutely love the story behind it. The characters, how the world works. It's a brilliant design. The fighting style is just as good if not better then the older games. I'd definitely recommend this to any Devil May Cry fans or 3d Castlevania fans who haven't tried it yet.I'd also recommend it to anyone who's has even the slightest interest in how the game looks, because chances are you're going to love it."
,Recommended,220440,20032631,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,IamDinosaurKR,"I am always a big fan of hack and slash games. Devil May Cry might be the best hack and slash series I have ever played since Devil May Cry 3. But this game, woah, the combat system are amazing. The retelling story of Dante seems to be interesting and straight to the point. A lot of fans were angry about the new Dante in this instalment because of his new look hair and his costume. I mean, come on, this new Dante seems to be even more rowdy and a chick magnet.Pros:+Amazing combat system+New Dante+Replayability+Soundtrack fits the theme of the game+Difficulty+Amazing graphics running with Unreal Engine 3+Grotesque BossesCons:-Level Design-Kablooey Gun-Boss fights seems to be easy-Skins as a DLC-No Lock-On during combat-Frustating camera controls for Keyboard and Mouse usersOverall, this additional instalment is fun, satisfying combat with interesting storyline. The bottom line is that, level designs and boss fights felt short. Otherwise, DmC: Devil May Cry is a fun reboot.Updated: 31 May @ 12:02pm: adding headline for Pros and Cons"
,Recommended,220440,31927216,Posted: 23 May,all,Gravy,"You got action, you got style, you got fun gameplay, what more could you want? Pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,220440,22815618,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,_Noel_,"I bought this in early 2015- late 2014 and I still love this game to this day.I spent a good half of my saturday to play this. I was so excited when I saw it and bought it right away. I seriously couldn't put down my controller! I couldn't get enough of the amazing story, soundtrack, graphics, and the combat style. Everything was well balanced to the characters and weapons.For a good week and a half, I talked about this game. I defaintly recomend this game to anyone who likes this type of style game play. 10/10, loved it till the end!"
,Recommended,220440,13438347,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Melonie Mac,One of my fav games EVAR!
,Recommended,220440,29770104,Posted: 7 February,all,shtook,"The reboot of the DMC has been done conscientiously: it runs smoothly, the plot is well-crafted and the jokes are quite funny (i.e. succubus dialog scene)."
76561198001279319,Recommended,220440,34919326,Posted: 13 September,all,Liepsna,"An amazing game, been playing it for 40+ hours now and what can I say, that I can not get enough of it.The replay value is great, considering the different difficulty settings that changes the game completely.The only annoying part for me is skipping the cutscenes when you go achievement huntint through all the mods.Nonetheless, an amazing game, would recommend it for everyone (doesn't matter if it's a die hard DMC fan, the new Dante hater, a hack n slash lover or just someone who wants to try something with great visuals and fun demon slashing gameplay)P.s. To all the haters saying, that this is a bad game because of the new brat like Dante.I played all the DMC games and I consider this as a fresh start and the story for me is perfectly plotted, there is character development and it shows an interesting side as what would have Dante been in his young days (Alternate Dante in his young days)Love all the DMC games, including this one.5/7"
,Recommended,220440,9005487,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Niotex,"There is no getting around it, DMC being rebooted by a western studio is shocking. So shocking that a lot of fans cried foul and screamed blood murder. Was it for the best? Perhaps it was, DMC 4 was undoubtedly a step backwards after all. Capcom took a chance with outsourcing the IP and surprisingly it paid off.Meet DmC: Devil May Cry, a young fresh reboot by the team that brought you Heavenly Sword and Enslaved: Odyssey to the West. With a slick, stylized re-imagining of the world home to the Nephilim Dante. Born of the Angel Eva and Demon Sparda, he possesses the power of both. Hunted down by the Demon king Mundus, Dante is dragged into the parallel plane called Limbo at every turn.While the initial combat impression and the new look might seem jarring at first. After a few minutes you will find that DMC is very much alive under the hood. The intense high level combat gameplay is still there with some interesting new additions to mix things up a bit. Once mastered you will be able to perform the dazzling acrobatic slashing we all know and love with ease again. I say with ease but do not mistake this for the difficulty having eased up. The challenges are still very much there, though I would recommend people familiar with the series start on Hard.All in all the reboot manages to be fresh, engaging and most of all fun. It will be jarring to some but that is the case with any reboot. If you've enjoyed DMC in the past or enjoy action hack and slash games, give this a shot."
76561198110327295,Recommended,220440,24438571,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Crispy Beef,"Obesity, Stupidity...Drink Virility!"
,Recommended,220440,18406110,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,RAH-EGO,"Don't believe the haters. This is one of the best Devil May Cry games available. The criticism against it mostly centers on Capcom's decision to transform the iconic character of Dante. I promise, it's just a cosmetic change. No, he does not look like a gothic anime villain and he does not spend his time hunting demons in medieval castles. Aside from that, he's the same Dante he's been since DMC 3. Yes, he has attitude, but it's not as over-the-top as it used to be. DMC 3 let Dante perform ridiculous stunts like using a motorcycle to pulverize demons and wielding an electric, bat-shooting guitar, all while spouting off catchphrases straight from the Ninja Turtles. While that was campy and lots of fun, DMC shoots for a different tone. This is a serious game with a Dante that is more human than action hero. He's traded his anime garb for something along the lines of urban anarchist. But the game is GOOD. The combat is nearly flawless. Controls have been streamlined, so no more cycling through different fighting styles or trying to decide which weapon to take into battle. This isn't Resident Evil with swords anymore. It's a fully-fledged brawler and it can be legitimately challenging. The storyline is also a vast improvement over previous installments. The voice acting is no longer outrageous. Dante's demons don't haunt dark dungeons anymore. They live all around him: in the media, in junk food, in human lusts and appetites. These are the Seven Deadly Sins personified and Dante embodies them as much as he wants to destroy them. There is internal and external conflict going on, all blending seamlessly with brutal and satisfying combat. Dante's hits shake the earth. His enemies wield chainsaws and katanas. Fans of Nero will be happy to find that Dante's sword now has a grappling function to pull enemies close. Does it look like a Devil May Cry game? No. But all the familiar faces are there (including Vergil, whom you can control in the DLC); Dante's attitude hasn't changed, and there's a LOT to love here. Don't let the negative reviews discourage you. This is a truly phenomenal fighting game that pays homage to its predecessors. As someone who has played the heck out of every DMC game and even suffered through the terrible anime, I can say this is a worthy reboot of the franchise. 9/10."
,Recommended,220440,20044240,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,xxxextendo,"I wanted to try this game out because one of my most anticipated games, Hellblade, is being made by the same creators of this game. I am very happy to say that there is so much fun to be had in this game. The gameplay is fast-paced, but rewards players for taking the time to study all the combos. The boss battles in this game are some of my favorite, and really do see who took the time to learn all the moves. It's also very fun to compare your score with friends after beating certain levels. Coming in, I wasn't expecting much from the story, but I was very pleasantly surprised by it. The game builds a very interesting world and concept, with character developement from both Dante and Virgil. It even has a great and shocking end bossfight which makes me hope that when the developers are done with Hellblade, they'll get to work on a sequel to DmC. Unfortunetly, the campaign is very short, but it'll make you want to replay levels again on higher difficulties to get the best possible score you can. Theres also a ""Bloody Palace"" mode that has you fight off against hordes of enemies, which can be fun and is a great time killer. The voice acting most of the time is good, but there are sometimes where it tends to get a bit sloppy. The music is also very fitting for the character of Dante and the situations he is in. You'll mostly be hearing Rock, Metal, and Dubstep. Something else I really liked about this game was the platforming. Platforming is fast and fun, but it isn't mindless. In the end, DmC Devil May Cry is a game that provides alot of fun especially if you know a friend who also owns the game and wants to compare scores, but the storyline is very short."
76561198008028346,Recommended,220440,19089333,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,JPEG,"Played every DMC game and this did not dissapoint, very fun game10/10"
76561198194844381,Recommended,220440,20039128,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Archangel Itherael,I Reccomend this game it's good
,Recommended,220440,7638213,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Ryne,7/10 -Very stylish and over the top. Great game all around.
,Recommended,220440,27993317,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Peace da Ball,Crazy! :)
76561198054733620,Recommended,220440,18364829,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jammy Boi,"Many will say that this is a detour from the original series some may even claim that this isn't a DMC game!...well then you my friends....are missing out..This game is an amazing entry to the franchise..one that breathes new life into the series..some may hate the new look of Dante(except if you have the DLC then in that case you have nothing to coplain about)but think about this:..if they kept Dante's old appearance, then it wouldn't be called a reboot right?but this is the perfect exaple of a reboot done right!Amazing Gameplay and graphics...great story, one that retells how Dante came to be(with exception of DMC 3, this game is a prequel to that also amazing game :3)and even though people may not appreciate this game or just blatantly hate on it...you havent played DmC then..If you do hate it then well....your opinion vs the other millions of people who love this game...Anyways i dont want to spoil any of the story or anything at all for that matter but this game is great trust me..9/10..fantastic game(it didnt get 10/10 for me because we haz to buy dlc...why capcom why... if it was free..then you guys deserve it :) )"
76561198041130973,Recommended,220440,30116974,Posted: 23 February,all,Comander555666,"This game is so self aware, it knows what it is and it goes for it, bombastic game and a great twist to the old devil may crie's!"
,Not Recommended,220440,31355214,Posted: 25 April,all,TheRealTNT,"I enjoyed this game until I got to level 17 and found the usual problem of developers trying to make the game very difficult but only succeeding in frustrating me.  I found parts impractical and I was not willing to spend hours/days trying to get past the level because it became unenjoyable and was only a battle to get through stages because of the time I had already invested in it.Before I got to level 17 I enjoyed the game a lot.  The story is great, the graphics are great, and the gameplay was great.  It's a pity they decided to try and make the game ultra 'challenging' in the later stages because it spoiled the enjoyment."
,Recommended,220440,26167550,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,momo,Hani yok mu şu.. atına fısıldayan kovboy ?
,Recommended,220440,34874324,Posted: 10 September,all,Tiny-_-Dreamer,"I'm not a fan of slashers and didn't play them much before DmC: Devil May Cry. I don't even remember why I decided to try this game but...I really like it. Cool design, amazing demonic atmosphere - it's really cool to look at modern world via such a view, many different combos and weapons to choose and a good plot. It's not something genius but it's really good with nice twists.I played it mostly for story and even at easy difficulty it was a challenge for me sometime :D But as I said I'm not a good player for such a genre. The game has several different difficulty modes. Also it has challenges where you need to complete tasks for the best rank per allotted time.I guess not only newcomers for slashers will find DmC interesting but also veteran-players! Anyway - Do you want to play Sexy Dante that burn and crash demons left and right with amazing style and to learn his family's secrets and story? Then try this game! It deserves a chance! :)"
,Recommended,220440,9032930,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Winchester,"I really recommend this game. It's just awesome, the design of environment and levels is amazing, Limbo really looks incredible. Gameplay is also fantastic, you have a lot of weapons and combo attacks which keeps you in game until you learn every move... And when you learn enough moves you're going to have a lot of fun in Bloody Palace. Story is great, some people of course don't like the ,,new'' Dante and Vergil but everyone have different opinion. I like new Dante, maybe he's not good like the old one but he's also not bad like a lot of people say he is. The soundtrack fits perfectly in game like in every other DMC. Everyone who loves older DMC games definitely has to try this one! Yes it's a bit different but i think you're going to like it."
,Recommended,220440,10283285,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,giljaysmith,"(Disclaimer: I haven't played any other Devil May Cry game.) I totally enjoyed this game, first and foremost for its astonishing visuals and the bonkers uses to which they put the world deformation tech, which was imaginative on a par with games like El Shaddai or Asura's Wrath. The combat was fun and solid and I felt competent (on the normal difficulty). And the story was mildly interesting, and presented expertly, with great camerawork and animation. I'm not the type to replay a game, but I could allllmost see myself trying this again on a harder difficulty a while down the line. Tremendous work."
76561198086491903,Recommended,220440,25076366,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,!Raptor,Only downside to this game is that its too short to savor the game =/
,Recommended,220440,20455218,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,chairbender,"Probably a more beginner-friendly DMC game than DMC 4, but you can still crank up the difficulty to get a more hardcore, challenging, and rewarding experience just like you can get with DMC 4.PROS:+Cool and spectacular visuals and level altering effects in each stage+Music by Noisia (if you're a fan of them)+In DMC 4 I found the controls to be a little bit clunky compared to DmC, but you could also argue that it just adds a layer of mechanical execution that enhances the challenge and feeling of mastery. In DmC, though, they provided what I thought to be a really clever and usable way to switch weapons on-the-fly and mid-combo (making use of both triggers to let you use ""demon"" or ""angel"" weapons without having to reach over to the D pad). Makes it easier to come up with combos that span multiple weapons.+Dante's dialogue and behavior is so over-the-top and irreverent that you kinda have to stop taking it seriosly and just laugh at it.+Ability to play at higher difficulty levels to experience the challenge you may have felt when playing earlier DMC games+Ranking system and leaderboards to encourage you to develop skill and mastery (absolutely necessary for this sort of game to be any fun)CONS-In DMC 4, you had a lot of different enemy types and it seemed you could mostly hit all of them with whatever weapons you wanted. In DmC, some enemies have an ""element"", meaning you can only damage them with one type of weapon. I found this to be kind of annoying. You might say that it adds a layer of challenge for high-level play that wasn't present in earlier DMC games, though.-Some of the platform sections feel like they go on for too long and can get boring.Overall, veterans of DMC will probably prefer sinking more hours into DMC 4. I'd recommend this for newcomers to this series or to hack and slash games in general. If you have a Wii U, though, and you're looking for an excellent hack and slash, I'd recommend Bayonetta 2 over this."
,Recommended,220440,19497980,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Medium Rare,SSS/10.
76561198091949345,Recommended,220440,33019076,Posted: 29 June,all,LeoJFBR,"Awesome action game!Great art, nice story, suberb controls and combos!P.s.: you hands may hurt after a few hours..."
,Recommended,220440,25170756,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Pendragon,"Just buy this game, don't listen to those edgy kids saying this game ♥♥♥♥ed up the franchise. Like seriously ♥♥♥♥ off, this is a ♥♥♥♥ing reboot not a ♥♥♥♥ing continuation of DMC4."
,Recommended,220440,5327888,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Grimmu,"A fantastic game that had me wanting to continue playing it constantly. The story is great and is similar to Devil May Cry 1 & 3. To those who think the ""New Dante"" Ruined the series, I urge you to reconsider for I thought that way as well. This game is beautiful and the music isn't that bad. This game is simply terrific and is the only game this year that has failed to bore me so far."
76561198108898058,Recommended,220440,19040811,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Seacky,"7th time I've played it through, Loving it more and more.Cannot get enough of it, definitely best game I have ever played <3"
,Recommended,220440,25964798,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,PixelGrotto,"I fully understand that this reboot ""divided"" the DMC fanbase and that some absolutely hate the new version of Dante. But as a dude who's played all the Devil May Cry games (my favorite is the third), I can't lie - I actually REALLY liked this. I think it might be one of the best action games I've played in recent memory. If that makes me not a ""real"" Devil May Cry fan, then so be it.For me, the combat just feels so GOOD. Some people say that it's too easy or not as deep as the older games, which is possibly true, seeing that I regularly get SS or SSS ranks in DmC and rarely did in DMC4. But switching between sword, angelic scythe, devil axe, fiery gauntlets, heaven ninja stars and three different types of gun is such seamless fun, and I love the smooth way that Dante controls and the slightly simplified button inputs. This plus the fact that for once in a Devil May Cry I have almost complete control over the camera is just a dream to me, and a sign of what the old games could have achieved if they didn't have fixed camera angles. (Some people like fixed cameras; I kinda don't, especially when I'm trying to juggle an enemy and the dang view changes on me in mid-air.)There's plenty of other solid stuff in DmC if you're willing to give it a chance - the game's colorful, with bright levels that change on you and some fun environmental traversal aspects that reminded me a little of Prince of Persia and Castlevania, since Dante's got a whip he can use to latch onto platforms. The story kept me engaged more than all other DMC games with the exception of DMC3, but I've seen some folks saying that they absolutely abhorred it, so your enjoyment may vary. Dante isn't as much of an ""emo edgelord"" as they say he is; he's really more of a punk than anything else, and by the end of the game he becomes more like the old Dante we know and love. (Yes, his hair turns white.) Vergil is quite different; he was your typical silent anime assassin badass in the past and they made him into more of a Julian Assange-sorta character here. I think a lot of people probably hate how much he talks in the game, but hey, he controls awesomely in his DLC epilogue.In short, I dug DmC. I can completely understand why people despised it, since Capcom sprung this reboot on a fanbase that didn't think restarting the whole franchise was necessary. But IMHO, this has ended up as my second-favorite Devil May Cry, and I think it's a shame that we're unlikely to see a DmC 2 after the mixed reception this got. (Maybe I'm wrong. I hope so!)"
,Recommended,220440,27580825,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Harkness,"This game is so much fun. The combat is much more fluid and stylish than the previous games. This makes it much easier, but also much cooler to look at. The level design is pretty great and also stylish. The sountrack is also pretty dank and although I don't like some of the songs, I can't deny that they fit the game perfectly. Boss fights are disappointingly easy, but they are a visual spectacle to say the least. The worst thing about this game is most of the dialouge is pretty cringeworthy and outright awkward most of the time. The way the characters talk is sometimes over the top or just cartoonish and not necessarily in match with the tone of the game. Overall, I liked the streamlined combat and more cinematic approach of the game, even if it's much different than the original series. Rememeber a reboot is supposed to be different and shake things up or else the series can get stale. 8/10."
,Recommended,220440,24407731,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,And I Want My Scalps,good old hack n slash fun! Wish steam had more games like this.
,Recommended,220440,6036633,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Legion,"Great combat, epic boss battles and a nice story."
,Recommended,220440,29144143,Posted: 9 January,all,Steve Harwell,"Great Hack 'n Slash game. Controls are smooth and fast. Music is awesome, the graphics are cool and I liked the story. The various weapons are sick too, and there is a pretty extensive skilltree. The game doesn't take that long to finish, but you can try to speedrun the game or score attack certain levels if you want to. Definitely worth picking up on sale, otherwise it might be a bit short to justify the price."
,Recommended,220440,7375990,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Borracho,Ultra stylish rock n' roll hack n' slash fantasy.
,Recommended,220440,24432235,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,inferno mia,"""You don't ♥♥♥♥ with the god...."""
76561198272275131,Recommended,220440,33045597,Posted: 30 June,all,Deathstrike Senpai 2003,this game cool but i prefer devil may cry 4 and 3. devil may cry 4 and 3 much better
76561198046894950,Recommended,220440,24466416,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Raikoukai,"This game has been sat, uninstalled, for a long time in my library.As an avid fan of the original series I must admit I was dubious about this reboot.Having said that I very much enjoyed this game and below I will try to cover it in detail why.There were definately issues with the narrative & Ninja Theory were obviously trying to suggest a political undertone relating to today but the story was at least unique & it managed to keep me enaged for the duration. 'New Dante' is a common problem I see reported online & though he may be a little jarring to fans of the old titles, he did grow on me.I won't comment on the graphics at this point in time as I had to resort to an old GPU not long into my gameplay.I very much enjoyed the music in the old games, the combination of metal & classical scores suited the gothic theme they were trying to portray. This is not what you will find in this new iteration, but the new mix of heavy rock and drum & bass definately suits the new narrative.The one area I think this game really shines is combat mechanics. The way you can switch between weapons & continue combo's is fluid & very satisfying. Ninja Theory did a great job of making the weapons feel unique & have impact when attacking enemies. They have very much captured the feel of the original 'hack & slash' series & in all honestly have improved on the gameplay of the old games.In summary if you're a fan of the original series then this game is definately worth a purchase, if you're a little unsure then maybe wait for a sale. Either way if you're a fan of this genre of game then it isn't worth missing!One final note: Having completed the title, could I see new Dante become original Dante?.....Sure....now you want to give it a try right?!"
,Recommended,220440,16505245,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,NyanJa,Just SSSensational!
76561197999365337,Not Recommended,220440,12077142,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Sky Leviathan,"Starts out bad, gets good at the second major boss fight AKA MC, but then is later♥♥♥♥♥♥on but the ending and ""secret"" ""twist"" boss. 0/10 for all of the first half 7/10 up to Mundus then back down to 0/10. Dont get me wrong  all the 13edgy teens will squeal and love it, as for real Devil May Cry fans.... well prepare to die a little inside."
76561198025301599,Recommended,220440,8801680,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"overall a great reboot to the series and highly recommended to old and new playersthe good:- the combat is great and fluid, mixing between weapons is awesome- great graphics and very amazing and creative art style.- killer soundtrack, a mix between electronic and industrial metal- the story is good yet predictable but unfolds in a great way.- all the modes from dmc 4 are here ( heaven and hell, hell or hell, DmD..etc)the bad:- the platforming sections are boring and takes away from the fun- the last few missions are way less fun than the others (too much platforming and less combat) even the story takes a dip too- boss battles, very easy even on the harder difficulties.the neutral: (bad for me but might be good to others)- the game is on the easy side, Much easier than 3."
,Recommended,220440,32448641,Posted: 15 June,all,Sweet Blasphemy,Dante Rocks..Black hair FTW! ♡
76561198040401422,Recommended,220440,8802061,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Dolor,"This is a really excellent character action game that didn't overstay its welcome.  It has an involved and complicated combat system - much more so that the Batman games which are basically ""press A for awesome"".  Even as a newcomer to the series and relatively inexperienced character action gamer, the combat was intuitive and rewarding to master.The plot was somewhat standard but was done well even so.  The game is beautiful and has a great deal of variety in enemy design, combat scenarios, and bosses.  I kept thinking I would put it down, but I ended up finishing it in 2 settings.  The difficulty gradually increases but does so in a more or less fair manner.It has all the nice Steam features (cloud, trading cards, etc).Really an excellent game all around and well worth the (discounted) price I paid."
,Recommended,220440,17879619,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,wowwwww,just another hack and slash !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198053243606,Recommended,220440,19042404,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,UberSloth,"Simply put, this a bloody brilliant game!"
,Recommended,220440,19127592,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,^-^,"2 minutes into the game, already had done sexually activities and was rudely interrupted by the Hunter, thus having to change mid air through the matrix.10/10 for introduction!In all seriousness, playing Devil May Cry 4 was one of my favourite games before I shifted towards PC gaming, buying this game at a cost of ~$7 gave me those nostalgic feels of 'beating the devil out of 'em'."
,Recommended,220440,19154347,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,RatGod,"Action and combo chains are creative and fun to play. However, I still prefer the badass and "" Come at me bro "" from the old Dante instead of "" Why do you think I give a♥♥♥♥♥♥? "" Dante.9/10 Would still destroying Moutain Dew factory again."
,Recommended,220440,19371651,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kyou,"the battles are dynamic, nice animation, nice music and Vergil can be my hot dad"
,Recommended,220440,13408772,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"Not as great as the previous Devil May Cry games but It's still an awesome game.The story, the characters and the monsters were, In my opinion, better in the previous ones than this one but this game is still fun to play.7/10"
76561198030171192,Recommended,220440,20582151,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Havoc,DmC is a great gameProsGreat Story.Great Gameplay.Great Soundtrack.ProsI WANT A SEQUEL AFTER DMC : VERGIL'S DOWNFALL ;_; .
76561197991025197,Recommended,220440,7652183,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Pellaeon,"This is my first Devil May Cry game, so all the criticism it's gotten from old-school fans regarding the ""new"" Dante are irrelevant to me :)  The game itself is a lot of fun.  Graphics are very good with everything set to ""ultra"".  Frames never dipped below 60 (check my PC specs in my profile).  The story is interesting, and the dialogues are pretty cool.  Gameplay is very good, combining a ton of weapons, abilities, and moves.  It takes a while to get used to switching between all of them to fit different monsters and environment interactions.  Finding items and collectibles is also fun, although to gain 100% completion you need to go back and replay levels because you won't have every ability needed the first time you tackle most levels.  I'm not into playing games twice (Skyrim and Mass Effect are sole exceptions), but if you do, this game has replayability value.  Finished in 13 hours and gets an A in my book."
76561198137916537,Recommended,220440,10806351,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,EZS Sniper,"Great story, funny, and good looking. Greatly recommend!"
,Recommended,220440,12154336,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Death,"Well, DmCDevil may Cry was a reboot of the fabulous, beloved and awesome Devil May Cry Series, courtesy of Ninja Theory and  CAPCOM. It retells the story of the origins of Dante, Vergil, Sparda and the iconic Eva, in a twist that breaks the cadre of the story from the previous Devil may Cry series.Review: The story was a (bit) half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ character development was shallow, and as such, the previous touch and flair that Dante is known for ( Balls, bravery, awesomeness, cool dude) and Vergil's nature ( Loyalty, skill, distaste for firearms, etc) have neen washed away and in their place, are shallow, under-developed and uninspiring characters for whom no fan of devil may Cry series can connect to easily. The fabled Sparda, and his legend is gone. So if you're looking to reconnect to the awesomeness that Devil may Cry used to be, this is not it. It may feel a bit insulting to the series' die-hard fans.Gameplay: Acceotable. Fluid mechanics,  and the camera can get glitchy at times. For the love of all thats' awesome, why did they leave out Lock On to targets out of a hack and slash game? This makes combat cumbersome, especially in Boss Fights (Mundus, anyone? ). The game also has a short learning curve, and as such, new players to the series will be at ease hacking and slashing demons at the comfort of their seats.Graphics: Pretty average. Nothing spectacular. Runs in DirectX9, powered by the Unreal Engine 3. If you're on catalyst (Running an AMD/ATI GPU/APU), ensure you're using the latest driver. The game is known for being glitchy with old versions of AMD Catalyst, and micro-stutter is  relatively common in CrossFire-based systems. Your mileage may vary.The music is great,m if you're into industrial metal. Noisia and CombiChrist worked up quite the charm here, so you'll be in for a blast if its' your kind of thing.Overall rating: 88% in my personal opinion. Despite its shortcomings, this is a great game with excellent gameplay and many hours of fun, especially when you throw in the Vergil's Downfall DLC and the other mode similar to Devil may Cry's 4 Bloody Palace. Again, your mileage may vary. This is a personal opinion and as such, is subject to personal bias.Play the game, and be the judge."
76561198002184914,Recommended,220440,11167368,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Curry,"(I previously only played DMC1 and 2)Graphics: The game has probably the best art direction I have ever seen for any action slasher. Great twisted take on modern city settings and very unique environments. All this and it runs smooth like butter on my modest PC.Story/Plot: Mostly meh, only some bright moments like Raptor New Network. The Vergil thing at the end was random and illogical.Mechanics: Very solid mechanics and combos. You can switch between weapon types seamlessly and execute a huge variety of combos and setups. Movement has real weight and there are animation transitions between abilities. Attacks are meaty and controls are responsive. Only complaint is that grappling hook spots can just refuse to trigger even though you are clearly in range, leaving you desperately flailing in midair before falling."
,Recommended,220440,10165852,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mr. R,"Wonderful action game. My button pressing hand hurts after a play-session of this game.I do love the story in it too, it really hits home for me. It's challenging and fun. I have played the original (and 3), but I like this one a lot more. I like this rendition of Dante more as well, and the over-the-top action combos you can pull of are super satisfying if you do it right.Ninja Theory did a great job with this one.But man do I love the style of this game."
,Recommended,220440,5435376,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,WLJ,Zaebis igra vot eta
76561198051732179,Recommended,220440,28616293,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Shugo,"This, unlike the third game, is a very well done PC port. I played it a long time ago and just noticed I forgot to recommend it!+ the graphics are quite awesome considering the system requirements aren't set that high+ the combat (flow): Out of all Devil May Cry games I've played, this one has the second best flowing combat (right after DMC3). If you played DMC4 you probably remember that some enemies were really badly designed: either extremely annoying to beat in a group or designed to only be attackable when they show a weakness, which takes away from combat flow. Do you remember? Well, good news and bad news: it's not as bad as it was in DMC4, but it still is restrictive in this edition of the game for some enemies that can only be attacked by a specific type of weapon. In the definitive edition of this game they changed this but, alas, definitive edition is not available on PC. ♥♥♥♥ me, right? I'm still giving the game a plus for this because they improved it from DMC4. It's really not bad.+ the combat (animations): really nothing to criticize here. Dante tears the enemies apart with an elegance and smoothness I've not seen before in this series. I like the combat animations very much.+ the combat (ease of use): the combat is user friendly. Very minor weapon spoilers here, it shouldn't ruin your experience but I'm putting a spoiler tag anyway:There are 2 angelic weapons and 2 demonic ones (and 3 guns), switching between them is quicker than in other games since they come in pairs. You'll know what I mean after little time in the game.. There are not THAT many combos for each weapon but you can combo one weapon into another (by switching weapon DURING a combo), allowing for more combo depth.+/- The story is not that exciting+/- The depth/personality of the characters is okay/meh, depending on taste.- Combat depth, a minor point for me. I know I mentioned above in a POSITIVE point that the combat is easy to learn and easier to master than in, say, DMC4 (Dante) or DMC3. But while I don't care about this much, they simplified the combat somewhat by taking things like style switching away which raised the skill ceiling by a lot. Again, it's not that much of a negative point for me, but it objectively reduces combat depth somewhat so I only find it fair to mention it here.- Combat controls. Most of them feel fine, but I had an issue with two of them on my Xbox360 pad. One was the special gun move for which you have to press A and X at the same time, and the second the devil trigger for which you have to press both L3 and R3 at the same time. Half of the time I wouldn't press them at the exact same time leading to me failing to do what I was intending to do and instead doing some other move that messes the combat up. Instead of using one of the shoulder buttons for, say, the special gun move, BOTH shoulder buttons actually have the same function...WHY!? You CAN rebind those moves, so it is not a problem for me anymore BUT: for some reason, you cannot rebind the devil trigger key in the ingame config. You have to do it manually in the config file, and I see no reason for this to be necessary. Minor negative point for inconvenience.- I'm not a fan of the devil trigger mechanic. It is powerful, yes, but I don't like it. Basically, you use it less often than in other DMC since it takes longer to charge, but it about doubles your damage and makes all (non-boss) enemies unable to act or defend themselves. It should feel powerful, yes, but DMC3/4 had plenty powerful devil triggers that still wouldn't save you from getting beaten up if you perform badly.- I like the cheeky Dante from the other parts in the series more. This one is more rebellious and more of a ""♥♥♥♥ you"" guy than the cheeky, taunting Dante I know."
,Recommended,220440,20917215,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Vergil,Good thing i'm allowed to be in this game. Only in a DLC missions though... :(
,Recommended,220440,17608951,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Captain Unicornasaurusrex,"Fun, hilarious game. If you like Dante/Demon Killing/Deadpool you will like this. Like in Deadpool you can upgrade your weapons and Dante's core skills. (No Fourth Wall breaking here, sadly.) You can retry on different difficulties that only unlock  by completing the difficulty before it."
,Recommended,220440,11105978,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Jetstream Suly,"a title worthy of the DMC name, no matter what all the haters say about the colour of Dante's hair"
,Recommended,220440,15886043,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,(PK) Abowlofkimchi,Playing this game gives me headache.
76561198017565946,Recommended,220440,21891833,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,CJ,"The music alone justifies this purchase if you ask me. Particularly the Noisia stuff, although some of Combichrist is also pretty good. The opening music of your first combat scene is Combichrist - Never surrender, it's just freaking epic. Sometimes i will still play lillith's club or another theme (hunter, barbas, poison) even after all this time because it's just that good.The gameplay was delightfully smooth. It's a lot easier to switch between weapons for a sick combo than it was in DMC 4 which is the only other DMC i had previously played. You get the hang of the battle system infinitely faster than in DMC 4, personally i find this a good thing although some fellow gamers seem to disagree.I loved DMC 4 so much i pre-ordered this title (i wasn't dissapointed although now i would advise against this anytime btw) and found it worth every penny. The replay value is excellent as the better you get the more enjoyable the battles become.If this game ever get's on sale, I'd recommend you to give it a go even if you never played a hack and slash game before. DMC is pretty easy to get the hang of and the feeling for and the journey with Dante is insanely cool."
,Recommended,220440,27945541,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hysteria,Want to just Hack & Slash everything to bits while feeling and looking cool at the same time? Yeap this game is it.  Yeap.
,Recommended,220440,20655148,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mephisto,"Apart from it being a ""bad"" DMC game, its a pretty decent game. It has solid gameplay, a cliche but ok plot line, meh characters and a very bad color schemed enemie system, and an awesome soundtrack. But it certainly is not a good Devil May Cry.First of all, lets talk about the plot: It is pretty much a copy of the movie ""They Live"" with demons inbued in the plot (If you like the story of the movie, you will probably enjoy the plot of the game).The Gameplay is pretty nice and fun, does what DMC has always done: fun combat, sense of ultimate strenght and a very good combo system...But, there is the goddamned color schemed enemie sytem that tottaly breaks all of the combat flow, it just feels... cheap, very cheapThe Characters are very cliche and ""meh"" at best, Dante and Vergil have suffered a lot of changes from very well-written characters into some highschool emo crap. Dante, for example, has a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ attitude about everything, instead of the fun, pizza lover that we had for 3 games (DMC 2 never happened... OK!, DMC 2 Does not exist!), for example, he just says ♥♥♥♥ you multiple times to an boss and think he is the badass, instead of an smart taunter that mentally plays with his enemies before fighting. While Vergil became the Brain character, physically weak and super hacker... WOW.Kat isn´t really a character, she is pretty much a walking plot device, she´s only there to make things happen by magic until the end.Aside grom all of that, its a fun game that you sould check it out (Wait for a Steam Sale to buy it)."
,Recommended,220440,8849272,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,gak,bretty gud
76561198075044814,Recommended,220440,6782181,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,DGFRussia,"Good slasher.Bad..realy bad Dante...Probably we should wait next game,to judge him.Probably.But now he is not as adorable and badass as Original Dante.Game itself is good,gorgeous i can say.Level design,music,that what cacth you up here.Combat system is new,shiny-wimey and awesome.Really awesome(only with a gamepad,keyboard ruin part of awesomeness).Story...You know,I hate this♥♥♥♥♥Dante.BUT I HOPE its only for now.Because story itself is well written,deep as it needs to be and interesting.Especialy part with Vergil.Realy good character evolution.BUT I STILL HATE YOU KID.But it doesnt matter.Game is good.Dante is bad.Everyone is happy."
,Recommended,220440,13540020,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CHINA NUMBA ONE,I started this game a day ago armed with a controller and winter break. I came out of this fun game ten hours later with really sore thumbs. :P
,Recommended,220440,14802523,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,rationale,"Fluid combat, above average face rigging and animation, clever and witty self-referential humor, standout style."
76561198059706966,Recommended,220440,24906733,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,xsuffer,"Great game.Pretty graphics.Runs very very very smooth. 4K on a 970 is no problem at max settings.I like the new Dante.Story is there... nothing that remains long but is presented well.A few of the boss battles are really interesting and creative.Gameplaywise I only can say, that I had fun. But I don't play character action games a lot..."
,Recommended,220440,18884723,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Zoop,10/10 IGNWould be called disgusting ♥♥♥♥ child again.
76561198112562261,Recommended,220440,18889978,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MANGETSU,I like this game!!!!!!!
76561198010606611,Recommended,220440,7690725,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Mr. Poolcheck,Game was very fun from the begiing to end.
,Recommended,220440,8410235,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MastaTGT,I really like playing action adventure games. I found this one to actually be pretty good. I find that a lot of people that have played the other devil may cry games not liking this one. So I'm not too sure of how I would recommend this game. I suppose I would recommend it to anyone who likes action adventure and are open to trying out new games. I found the mechanics to be quite easy for a mouse and keyboard gamer to get use to. You could easily transition to playing with a controller.
,Recommended,220440,8597676,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Strockefeller,"(I have never played the series before this game, so I will not be making comparisons between this and the previous Devil May Cry games.)DmC: Devil May Cry is another installment in the Devil May Cry series, but this is a reboot of the series. A lot of Devil May Cry fans seem to hate this game, some not even trying it out to even see if it is good. I think it is stupid to not try a game only because you dislike the main character's new design and recommend actually giving the game a chance. The game's story isn't the best written, but for a game like this, I wouldn't expect a really deep storyline. The story is interesting enough, so it may keep you wanting to play. The graphics are pretty decent, in my opinion. I actually thought the game looked very good for the most part. The music is great, but it depends on you'r type of music. It is a combination of metal and techno. The techno music was done by Noisia and the metal is done by the band Combichrist.The gameplay is quite fun and simple to do, though it can be a challenge for some people (me). You basically have two attacks (light and heavy) and as you play through the story, unlock new weapons. You unlock two angelic weapons and two demon weapons. You also have guns, which you get three different ones. You also gain a couple new abilities as you play through the campaign. The main point of the game is to get high combos and be stylish as you fight enemies. I felt some of the enemies were a little cheap, but that is probably just me. If you plan to play this game, you may want to get an Xbox 360 controller. The game is obviously meant to be played with a controller. You are rated at the end of each level, and then ranked on an online leaderboard. The game starts out with three difficulty modes, though you can unlock two more harder modes.I didn't have many issues with this game. It isn't the greatest game, but doesn't seem to do a lot wrong. A lot of people mention having glitches and black screen issues. I have only had one issue like this out of the ten hours I played. I did have a tiny bit of slow down during gameplay and cutscenes, occasionally, though I'm assuming that was just my computer. This is a pretty good port to the PC, which is always nice to see since some companies release horrible PC ports.In the end, I must say that this is a pretty decent game, and people interested in it should give it a chance. If I had to give this game a rating, I'd give it an 8/10."
76561198055269636,Recommended,220440,16757235,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Ron,"So much better than what i expected, this was an insane gaming experience, there are many different levels of difficulty so everyone can enjoy this game from the newbie to the expert, graphics are very nice, scenarios are amusing, monsters are very original, Boss fights are epic, you have plenty of different combo to use in your fights, Electronic Music adrenalized me on the way. I completed the whole game without one single crash, so technically is perfect, nice background story.My Final Score is95/100"
76561198016096620,Recommended,220440,8308353,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[Hait]Rory,Well not much of a reveiwer but let me tell you this this game is a great reboot when i saw it was not interested decided to give a try and i did not regret .
76561198063879639,Recommended,220440,15560561,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Fred Durst,Holy balls.
76561198048042171,Recommended,220440,17851578,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,a_toilet,If you just like to sit back and kill people the coolest way possible... this is YOUR game. It never gets boring as long as you get better at it.DO NOT look for reviews of it on the internet. 90% are filled with hatred because the character isn't good.. or as good as the old one. Seriously who gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥if the gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing AWESOME!
76561198120045479,Recommended,220440,11523747,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Orte,"I haven't played with DMC before this one,but I have to tell this game is one of the most amazing ones I have ever played."
,Recommended,220440,19356738,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,shaneel67,"Very good game, heaps fun and worth the buy."
,Recommended,220440,20550022,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,GHO,"The combat system is the greatest aspect of the game, there is a very large number of combos, multiple weapons and the ability to pull or push enemies away/towards you. The enemy and environment design is also standout, the game also runs incredibly well, being able to run maxed out at 4k on a single GTX 970. The soundtrack is different but certainly fits well with the combat. Story is average, writing is nothing special, the graphics are very solid considering the game's age. The game is pretty short however, although repeat playthroughs are expected. Would highly recommend this to anyone who is a fan of the spectacle fighter genre."
,Recommended,220440,20779017,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,EuphoniusBIG,"Excellent game. Great hack-and-slash mechanics, along with cheesy, yet cool dialogue. 7.5/10 stars."
,Recommended,220440,28082205,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,lvxpab17,Where's the sequel?
76561198207733392,Recommended,220440,28576827,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,YesImAFemale,Really fun and addicting.
,Recommended,220440,21064967,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Williamtx900,i love DMC series they are awesome and fun to play i got all DLCs and dmc devil may cry for 12 dollers on sale i always picked classic dante costume new dante sucks the story is good the music is amazing metal and dubstep the bosses are awesome im really excited for DMC5 whenever it comes out i want old dante not emo dante.
76561197998244457,Recommended,220440,8639211,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Sarkonis,"Every now and then you get one of those games that surprises you.I have played to an extent at least a small part of each of the Devil May Cry series and found them... ""Interesting.""I was not expecting mush more than a thoughtless hack and slash.By sweet zombie Jesus was I wrong.What I got was polished with a mirco-fibre rag and a story that I got surprisingly wrapped up in. The Art design is inspired and the combat is easy and fluid with a keyboard and mouse.The graphics are fantastic for an aging engine, and don't need two nvidia Titans to max out. (I had this game maxed on a 480GTX).The animation in combat is fantastic and fluid, but its the production value of the cutscenes that got me. The facial capture animation was fantastic. The voice acting that goes with it is fantastic.Its not short either. It's got a goot 7-9 hour campaign on average difficulty. And do to a chapter by chapter NewGame+ option the replay value is fantastic.I would score it 8.7/10 and highly recommend it. We need more games like this with the quality and bang for your buck value."
76561198149921998,Recommended,220440,20478868,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Super Equixz0r,"This review will have SPOILERS! I absolutley recommend this game! All those salty O.G. fan boys that are upset cause Dante doesn't have white hair are just that, salty fan boys. This is a REBOOT! It's supposed to be different! This game is an incredible hack and slash adventure with a pretty great stroy. I genuinely bought all of the characters and the chemistry they all shared. The combos are easy enough to learn but difficult to master which makes multiple playthroughs of levels to get better ratings something you'll do often. But let's go step by step through the game.SPOILER:Dante does infact get white hair for real at the end of the game. Not just an alternate outfit but his character actually has it. When you selct an alternate costume or weapon skin, STANDARD is the one used to describe the things Dante has and looks like in the beginning. After you BEAT THE GAME, standard is used for a WHITE HAIRED, PAILER Dante, because he used his Devil Trigger and it gave him white hair. IT WAS A BRILLIANT MOVE BY THE DEVELOPERS AT NINJA THEORY. He get's it when he uses his Devil Trigger to defeat Vergil so anyone HATING this game for the lack of white hair CLEARLY DID NOT PLAY THE GAME TO COMPLETION.Story:7/10Short Version: Very good story for a reboot and to me, more engaging than the original Devil May Cry (the first one not the full series) Dante finds Vergil, fights Satan, and tries to save the world. the game ends on a perfect note and sets up a sequel the right way!Long Version: So like I said, this is a reboot and Dante has no idea he is half angel and half demon (even though his sword has obvioulsy materialized from nothing before and he's been to Limbo multiple times according to him.) So we open with a nightclub party and Dante taking girls to his trailor on the pier. A Hunter demon shows up and Kat, the new love interest, shows up in Limbo to warn Dante that the demons have finally found him. He follows her and finds the group known as the Order that she works for. His brother, Vergil, is actually the leader of this group and shows Dante who he really is. Dante agrees to help fight back against Mundus who is essentially the Devil. Hack and slash, platforming, and running around ensues as you fight back against the Demons. The Demons have essentially taken over Earth by taking control of the media and a soft drink with demon chemicals in it. Dante takes down both problems and fights Mundus with his brother. Vergil has alterior motives and wants to take over the world but not for evil purposes, just to protect the humans because he believes they are unable to do it themselves. Dante fights him and Vergil dissapears and the credits roll.Gameplay:7/10No lock on function makes aiming a pain if you can't see very well. I never had a single issue during my ENTIRE playthrough without a lock on, but I can see why some may find that annoying. Very fun and fluid combat! Easy combos to learn but more difficult to master. Yes, the S rankings are easier to get than previous DMC games but that doesn't mean they are just given to you. Especially on some groups of enemies. You get multiple wweapons to choose from and some are clearly better than others. Ebony and Ivory aren't even the best gun of the 3 you can choose form which is sort of a let down, but Rebellion is still absolutley insane. Platforming is a blast and the camera hardly gets in your way or fights against you. Generally, you'll use blue (Angel) weapons on blue enemies and red (Devil) weapons on red enemies which makes switching things up in combat a challenge and something you need to do. Devil Trigger is Dante's special ability and it sends every enemy on screen floating and frozen helplessly in the air where you can combo to your heart's content. While I do wish that it just froze time or maybe made Dante faster and stronger, the floating enemies aren't too annoying to hit even when the camera tries to focus away from the one you are hitting.Controls: 9/10Everything you do with this game feels natural. All the buttons are mapped in an amazing way that makes everything feel simple, even through you are balancing 12 weapons at once. I felt myslef utilizing every button on the controller and not even in a clunky way. I can't express enough how great a job Ninja Theory did with getting these controls right. It only misses out on a 10/10 for the controls cause there is 1 button that doesn't get used, the left stick click. The right stick click is used to re-center the camera like most games of this type, but the left stick does nothing. The game lacks a LOCK ON function and they couldn't think to put it on the button they hadn't used yet?Difficulty:6/10Not very challenging on anything below Son of Sparda. Multiple difficulties to play on with some of the higher ones switching up enemy waves and placements for a pretty much completely new playthrough. Fortunately, unlike most games, you only have to beat the game twice to unlock every difficulty rather than having to beat the game on one difficulty to unlock the one above that and so on.Graphics:6/10Not the best looking game on the market and even modest builds could handle it. Just your average, everyday console port!Length:5/104-6 Hours depending on how much you grab along the way. I probably spent a little over an hour total through my run on just checking every corner but a speed run could easily be less than 4 hours. Rather short game but for the genre it isn't unbearable. I wish it would have been longer but that is only because I wanted to play more!Pros:Ease of entry to the series and genreStoryCombat SystemCharacter DevelopmentCons:GraphicsLengthLack of a lock on funtionFinal Verdict: 7/10While the graphics aren't mindblowing and the length leaves you wanting way more, the game does everything else absolutley brilliantly. The character develpoment is on point and, like i said, they set up a sequel with class and it becomes a rebooted franchise that could possibly be better than the original. Still one of the most fun games I have played in a very long time and if you are looking for an amazingly fun time, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,220440,26913378,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,chocoXXL | SKINUP.GG,"Awesome awesome, graphics, gameplay, story, characters, everything XD"
,Recommended,220440,3636591,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Mako Reesecup,"I have always been a fan of the Devil May Cry series, and this game is no exception. 10/10"
,Recommended,220440,10714862,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kyl3,Very fun and cool game with nice graphics!
,Recommended,220440,134307,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Lacool,so good
,Recommended,220440,12249819,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Leviathan,"A surprisingly worthy prequel.I had a lot of reservations about this game when it came out -  which is why I waited over a year and a half before purchasing it.Once you get past Dante's new look (or apply the ""Classic Dante"" skin), you feel like you're right at home."
,Recommended,220440,1172863,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Grace,"Some of the most bizarre and psychedelic level designs. Absolutely terrific. This reboot of the DMC series should not be dismissed by anyone who is a fan of the original series and/or third person action games. The combat system with demon and angel weapons is extremely well done. This game is very addicting - finished in 10 hours during two play sessions. Go play this game, now."
,Recommended,220440,20742718,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,TheOnlyFury,"Legendarily cinematic, with fantastic level art direction and design. Constant locked-door rooms that require you to kill X amount of enemies bore, but incredible boss-battles and a pulse-pounding soundtrack make the game quite the spectacle.An easy recommendation."
76561198187420586,Recommended,220440,33433297,Posted: 10 July,all,Yo Boy Leeroy,For killing free time this game is great +it has quite good story after all
,Recommended,220440,33209522,Posted: 3 July,all,ℓεḟ,"If you are refusing to buy this game just because they changed Dante and pretty much the whole concept of an original DMC game, make yourself a favor and buy this game. This is why i didn't want to buy the game in the beginning but now i am glad i did. The controlls are much different but once you get used to them it'll be really fun. I have not finished it yet but from what i have experienced untill now it's a must play for dmc fans"
76561197970053471,Recommended,220440,18157150,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,NightRogue,"Dope.  I can't believe so many people give this game a bad rap because of the superficial changes to some characters.  While those things may have been altered, the gameplay is still top knotch, and even more so in some cases.I love the level design, and a lot of the snappy present day satire is just spot on and quite hilarious. The Rush Limbaugh wannabe (well hell he pretty much IS him, all you have to be is a fat loud mouthed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag screaming about nonsense and claiming God gives you your voice and your mantra) in particular is outstanding and makes for one of the best boss fights in the game.The platforming is also great and well done considering I don't care for it much in games like this usually, but the controls are so tight and the designs so good that it's actually enjoyable for the most part.Graphics are pretty great and still hold up today.  Story I think is also well done and the characters are too.  Some people just hate on this game because OMG it's been changed and it suxx0rz now!   MGS was changed drastically and while I don't love it, that doesn't mean it's not a great game.  It's replayable, easily ramped up in difficulty for your more pro DMC players, and overall just FUN.Graphics: 8.5/10Sound:  8/10Story:  8/5/10Presentation:  9/10Gameplay:  9/10Overall:  8.5/10"
,Recommended,220440,33036482,Posted: 30 June,all,AyyLamow,"A well made game with good music, art design, stage design, and varied combat.Not as good as the old dmcs but good on its own."
76561198106557805,Recommended,220440,25098818,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Лина | Киса =^-^=,"I play for 14 hours in a licensed version. Everything is pretty good. There are several advantages which distinguish the game from not licensed version of:+ Leaderboard (since I first came into play very much like to see the achievements of other players)+ Perfect complement, including the skins and the additional survival mode.+ Good optimization. Thanks to her, you can play even on slower computers.But there are also disadvantages:- A very short story. The game is played just 15 hours. I expected more.- Not very convenient operation. In order to perform a good combo you need to try hard. The camera moves very fast as I had not set up the mouse sensitivity.Overall a very good game, but not without flaws."
76561198083198673,Recommended,220440,25069051,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Gruntveteran,"7/10 DecentStory was a bit meh but had its nail biting moments to me.Combat was easy to use, difficult to master for a neewbie of the genre."
76561198292029444,Recommended,220440,25090910,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,HazyHazurd,"DMC is one of the best devil may cry game I've ever played. Even if try hard fans thinks that it's not good because of the ""new"" dante. Which it's the same Dante just with black hair and a darker coat."
,Recommended,220440,25110101,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Saber,I just got this game and it is a very interesting and fun game. The characters might be a bit weird because in the past DMC games Dante was a badass character but this one he still is but not as cocky. Nevertheless I love the storyline so far and I still love the characters despite the changes. I recommend this to anyone that has played the past games or just love action or hack and slash games. Btw I love the anime version as well.
76561198086359810,Recommended,220440,25135200,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Mouse,"Very cool game. Interesting gameplay and the combinations are sweet. The level design gets a bit same-same in the middle and towards the end, but overall it has a pretty sweet story and the visuals are fantastic. Great game for a decent price, I'd recommend it for fans of action games. And some of the lines are quite funny.''I am Mundus!''''You're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!'' hahaha"
,Recommended,220440,25117904,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Unphazed,"At first this game really didn't seem like my type of game but after giving it a chance, I'm absolutely in love with it. The story is very gripping (so far) and the combat system and boss fights are honestly some of the best I've ever played out of many other games. Simply awesome."
76561197995837897,Recommended,220440,25326977,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,joshbowe,"As someone playing a DmC game for the first time, I really enjoyed this game. It had a few shortcomings but overall I thought it was a good, fun hack and slash game.Pros:- Fast paced, varied hack and slash combat. Wide variety of moves to keep the game play fresh.- Excellent level design and unique visuals.- Plenty of replay value. Each level has hidden keys, gates and lost souls to find. You'll need to revist earlier levels once you've unlocked all your abilities to get them all.- Well optimized PC port with support for ultrawide resolutions.Cons:- Story and characters are a little under developed, not bad by any means.- Inital play through is rather short, between 10-12 hours. Countered by strong replay value."
76561197994443820,Recommended,220440,25119456,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Winged Bozo,Worth every possible price.
,Recommended,220440,25138494,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Dreyson,"Played a lot of devil may Crys so far and i like it. controls are tight, story is entertaining and the weapons give you the boom factor if you know what i mean. its stable and on sale i would absolutly recommand it. one of the best hack n slash out there. just 2 personal flawsi miss the shotgun and why no quicktime events? i like them"
76561198004022855,Recommended,220440,23045763,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,maldorf,"Pretty good action game with an ok story. Lots of cut scenes and the voice acting is decent. For the most part the save points in the game are kind and you can ressurect using items. The graphics are really good as well as the sound in dolby 5.1. The game has a good atmospehere. If you like hack and slash you will like this game. Some of the levels can get monotonous as you fight mobs of enemies, but each wave is something different. I got over 40 hours out of this playing the main campaign as well as the DLC Vergil's Downfall."
,Recommended,220440,25831218,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ｂｏｒｅｂｏｒｎ,"I'm not fresh on the old games. So this review might not contain the angst of the diehard fans, that being said it will be as objective I could give. When I first saw the teaser for this game and Dante's new look, I was in the outraged group of people. I remember swearing not to play this game and yet here I am. The main part of this game I feel will be remembered is its aesthetics. It's beautiful. And that's ultimately what's captured my interest after the failure that was the my introduction to this game. Distinct aesthetics mean good direction, and direction is what most games lack. But i digress. Despite the game's gorgeous looks, and this product being a port, the optimization is quite decent. It's not ideal, but it's more than passable. And the port itself was made not in a money-grubbing way. There are some problems here and there, but they do not really interfere with your experience. Production is really hit and miss. For example Dante and Vergil are voiced by one actor, and sometimes it really shows, breaking the immersion. Sometimes they even look too much the same and it doesn't help. Brothers don't really work that way. But then there are some props like graffiti art that warmed my heart and really did help with immersion. So that's up to you. In the process of the game you can unlock cool concept art too. But they show all of it in credits roll, so i did not really get that. Music is much the same techno sounding metal stuff, as in the last few titles, if a bit modernized, it felt fitting to this game overall. Gameplay wise there is not really much to tell. It's hack and slash, it's enjoyable. Honestly, i can understand the new looks too. It's not the long-haired flannel wearing grunge kids that are today's youth, right? Overall it's a must play. I haven't had this much fun in a while. I don't know about DLC, though. Production values are lower, most everything is rehashed. If you really enjoyed the original game maybe try the DLC. I wouldn't reccomend, though."
,Recommended,220440,11747476,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,dehfanboy,"HELL YEAH!  this game is excelent. As a person who has played all devil may crys including the one that shall not be named, this is easily the best one, with the best pacing and the best traversal gameplay and platforming. Not to mention the much better writing and story. Excelent game. easily a 9/10."
76561198057075594,Recommended,220440,20443615,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,nhatminh,"the gameplay is fast, fluid, and very satisfyingthe graphics is also very nicehowever the story is paced too slow for my tasterecomended for the fun gameplay =D"
,Recommended,220440,20614869,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Poopybutthole,I need definitive edition now.
76561198101526511,Recommended,220440,8796737,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,danscan11,"Fun, pretty colors and stuff. Hack in Slasher via God of War styling. I think I misses a lot of story since this is the first one I ever played I caught up enough so not that big of a deal. Well its a hack in slash repetitive and when you get bored you can always try and chain your moves for cooler pictures and coloring, as well as POINTS!!!P.S. Is it just me or is Dante G-A-Y?"
76561197971169528,Recommended,220440,23742551,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,iteron_MkV,8/10A great gateway into spectacle fighters; very scalable difficulty settings.  Awesome contemporary setting.Use a gamepad.
,Recommended,220440,18544821,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Slimeball,It will do... for now
,Recommended,220440,33169995,Posted: 2 July,all,dakshesh1010,"The way it gets played, and the way it sounds is really amazing.The controls are fluid and very responsive (sometimes it gets messy if you're playing with keyboard and mouse, because obviously, too many combos to learn. I'm not good at using variations of combos. I tend to use selected ones). The heavy metal music pretty much suits the action.If you're into button mashing games, I highly recommend this game."
76561198078867381,Recommended,220440,35162216,Posted: 23 September,all,Nugget,"While getting a lot of flack due to the new style and a scene where it mocks old Dante's haircut, I found it to be one of the best hack'n'slash games i've played. I find the controls better than the others DMC games.The new style, while being teenage angst edgy as ♥♥♥♥, has extremely interesting visual effects.If you like DMC games, Bayonetta and others, don't be put off by negative comments of butthurt old DMC games. It's a great game and deserves to be along the best of the franchise."
,Recommended,220440,19372086,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Ambiti0n,Awesome game with awesome cinematics and outstanding story9/10
76561198094775445,Recommended,220440,26892404,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Envy,1. BEST GRAPHIC OF DMC SERIES 9/102. BEST STORYLINE DMC SERIES 9/103. BEST HACK SLASH GAME 9/10
,Recommended,220440,27998700,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Error,Excellent game. A lot of action. Great story. Best played with a controller.
,Recommended,220440,18353124,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Wrathra,"I can understand why original Devil May Cry fanboys can hate on this game but other than that, it's a fairly decent game. If you've never played any of the original Devil May Cry games and like Hack and Slash games then this is the game for you.The PC port is also very good, the controls are very fluid and comfortable using keyboard and mouse. (Controllers are entirely optional)"
,Recommended,220440,18820383,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Swaggy P,This is probarly the only single player i would touch.
,Recommended,220440,18011655,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Nill Kiggers,"It's fun, has the BadAss Dante feel and overall a pretty enjoyable game, even after completing the playthrough a few times.Only downside is that the combo system and vintage swag feel of the old DMC3 and DMC4 is lacking. There's only so much style you can do in this game  :'(and also, playing on Keyboard and Mouse is tricky if you're an old DMC player so beware the changeOVERALL, WAS WORTH BUYING BECAUSE OF THE 66% SALE BUT I DON'T THINK IT'S WORTH THE $30+ ORIGINAL PRICE! WAIT FOR ANOTHER SALE BEFORE BUYING THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,220440,18738739,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,CHA0T1C EN1GMA,"Short but worth it. If you liked devil may cry, god of war, heavenly sword, darksiders, castlevania, prototype, etc... then you will love this game. If you do not like linear games though--- then go away and never come back. This is a old school format linear game. You know, the type of game that people played back when they had lives and dont always have 120 hours to put into a game ; )"
,Recommended,220440,1403409,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,nO_d3N1AL,"An enjoyable game. Creative combat with excellent controls, easy to pick up and play, good pacing and generally solid."
,Recommended,220440,19276113,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,xiao0✨ti7_miracle,新鬼泣在画面上和制作上都与前作有很大的区别，可以说新鬼泣本身就不能算是鬼泣的正统续作（本来也不是），但是流畅的动作与出色的打击感配合鬼泣的招牌还是吸引了不少ACT游戏粉的捧场。新鬼泣在操作上比起鬼泣4要简单不少，可以用很容易的操作打出很好的舞台效果，刷分也很好刷，DMD难度想打出12S也不是很难的事情，双闪避的加入让新鬼泣的难度大幅度下降（尤其是天使闪避，就算瞎按也可以躲避攻击+提升华丽度）。如果没有接触过鬼泣系列的玩家可以从新鬼泣起手熟悉之后再尝试DMC4一类的游戏。画面配乐都是上乘，手残党也可以轻松打出的高分华丽特效，配合还算完整的故事结构这部DMC鬼泣可以给10/10.再说说DLC维吉尔，其实操作更简便了。维吉尔的JC用手柄也可以轻松练出来，还有两个大威力低延迟的FS技能。很多人说维吉尔练好FS便可以轻松12S我赞同这种说法。不过幻影剑的使用还是维吉尔玩家好坏区分的标志吧，毕竟熟练运用幻影剑可以打出非常不错的舞台效果。
,Recommended,220440,18728092,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,#applepockets✨,I actually like Donte.
,Recommended,220440,27286332,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,★ Aurora 月,You'll feel like never
,Recommended,220440,17955902,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,PhDFox,Dante's slam dunk isn't as good as Nero's slam dunk from DMC 4.Still a decent game though.
,Recommended,220440,16675312,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bearman,"I had a couple of really good hours playing this game. it had the same feel as the other DMC games but it still felt new and improved. even if you haven't played anythinng in the Devil May Cry series, i still strongly suggest this game to anyone that like a good, simple game.P.S: I suggest you play it more than once. the second time is a ton better because you can actually go around and complete half of the hidden side missions and such with your new weapons :P"
,Recommended,220440,28204976,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,永远饥饿的骗子,关于新渣这款游戏，不得不说黑他的人很多。萝卜白菜，各有所爱，不爱又何必诋毁。首先，鬼泣这个系列我先接触的就是新渣，其次是4 后来是3，比以前的版本简单好多，但是通关容易玩精很难，不管之前的版本怎么样，人设我是很喜欢这款的，和之前的可以说是背道而驰但也不得不说很有特色。从日系幽默腹黑大叔，到欧美风流氓痞子，但丁的思维比以前版本直了很多，倒是维哥的思想从心腹变得更加心腹，遗憾的是发胶手这个梗没怎么延续2333我对这款游戏的画风以及流畅度表示很高的评价，以前的版本虽然说经典，但是看的扎眼，我是新渣小王子使徒，并以此为傲。话说。。我想选中文啊！！！
,Recommended,220440,24162357,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,LittleViktor,"Take this from someone who likes and plays all kinds of hipstery writer's-medium games: this game is - incredibly - really well written. The tention between the characters is great and the game moves. It plays like a great Heaven vs. Hell blockbuster with those chinese-coreographed action sequences, except you get to do the♥♥♥♥♥kicking. Think Constantine, Legion, Spawn but a lot sharper. Even the gratuitous cursing fits, unlike a lot of titles out there that do it just to have it in. This is action at its best, people. Make no mistake: this is action at its very, very best."
76561198313904246,Recommended,220440,27943551,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jackpot X,💓ninja theory for the best game DmC
,Recommended,220440,26239177,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Daikenja,"As a fan of the Devil May Cry series, I wouldn't reccommend this game particularly. It strays from the original storyline and characters in a way that is rather uncomfortable to original fans. The modernized characters are rather lacking in the 'unique' area. Dante has a cliche bad attitude and there are more crude sex jokes and just outright swearing instead of funny quips, etc. The female character, Kat, is basically useless and only there to be the mary-sue love interest. And I'll just stop there...STORY ISSUES ASIDE:If you can play this game without comparisons to the original series; then you'll find the game play is actually really fun, the weapons are great, and the stages are interesting! The soundtrack is also on point! Bad for the original Devil May Cry series, but good as a separate game!"
,Recommended,220440,28733994,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,スコロリと申します,"Over the years I read much criticism and even hate about DmC, and, not being a fan of the older Devil May Cry games, I stayed away from it. Seeing how good the game actually is, left me shaking my head about the untruths written about it on the internet.There is even one review on Steam that writes ""This is a casual game"". As someone once said ""Two Things Are Infinite: the Universe and Human Stupidity"".DmC is also a rare example of a Western game achieving in style and design (aesthetic): The game looks beautiful, in motion and in pictures.Combat — 4/5Attacks and dodges felt a bit sluggish: In an Action-RPG, like Dark Souls e.g., I expect that every button prompt gets queued instead of being performed by my virtual character immediately, not so in an Action game with the tag Spectacle Fighter. Also, a lack of powerful special-attacks proved to be rather disappointing. All you have to work with are combos and more variations of them, which can be boring after a while.Characters — 4/5Dante is, without a doubt, the strongest character of the cast: Well-written, relatable, and at times, even funny and authentic. Virgil closely follows as the aloof and distant brother who stays true to his motivation to rule the world. Kat (or however her name is written) is by far the weakest and least convincing character and needs some rewriting, or a complete reset, for an eventual sequel. While there are worse characters out there for similar games, she did not add to the overall story, or game, with her presence.Story — 3/5The story takes a different route to most Western games by embracing a confrontational approach regarding modern media, society and, a tiny bit, religion. Luckily, it avoids being too confrontational by making statements that could offend or annoy potential consumers. Edgy, snarky, and cynical, but always within what is widely acceptable.Enemies — 2/5The first boss of the game created appetite for more but the bitter truth was that he remained one of the few highlights in the entire game. The enemies lacked variety and creativity, some were terribly bland and straight copies of previous enemies with added HP and changed colors. Standing out positively were some boss fights, while one boss (the Baby) provided the worst moment of the game by requiring the gamer to deliver huge DPS attacks, over and over, without giving him the right tools to do so, which created a grating and annoying experience.Graphics — 4/5Short loading times, fluid animations, beautiful colors and well crafted designs, there is not much, if anything, to hate about the graphics of DmC. The final boss fight in particular provided beautiful scenery, imagery and colors, which, to some extent, invoked memories of fighting Wesker in Resident Evil 5. With that being said, there were almost no wow, or whoa, moments and most of what the developers served, via means of the Unreal Engine, will be easily forgotten once experienced.Good Game Overall — 7/10"
,Recommended,220440,28763642,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Why_Not,"100 % loved it and would recommend it. If I have to complaint I would say I missed the ""lock on"" function but to hell with it , it's the lastest DMC you gotta buy this !"
,Recommended,220440,395298,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Kana,"Disregard what people of the old DMCs cry about it, no, it is not bad.Yes, it is different, yes, it has less combat and it is easy even on the hard setting on the first playthrough, but you trade these for the following:- Huge and imaginative variance in levels (not all of them, some levels are admittedly dull)- Meaningful variance between different types of enemies, which gain new attacks on harder difficulties.- Extremely well thought out bosses (aside from the one at level 19, that was rather lackluster penultimate fight)- Due to other than numeric increase and linear difficulty, replayability is actually higher than in prior DMC installments."
76561197973522980,Recommended,220440,34407500,Posted: 21 August,all,xibal,"For all the flack this game received about the redesign of Dante (which I kind of agree was completely unecessary), the gameplay was highly enjoyable.  Arguably the best combat system of the Devil May Cry series; being able to interchange weapons mid-combo with the press of a button allows you to get creative with your♥♥♥♥♥kicking.Decent story.  Don't know if it was because of the fan backlash, but it does sort of tie in with the other DMC games as a prequel to the others (yes, a prequel to Devil May Cry 3, which was also a prequel.... so a prequel of a prequel), but it reboots a few ideas, such as Dante's origin.I will say, not a fan of Dante's new look or persona.  He was MUCH better as a wise cracking smart♥♥♥♥♥than a brooding emo with an attitude problem.  Regardless, the gameplay makes up for this.  They at least delivered on that front."
76561198226634348,Recommended,220440,26340867,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FRØSTY^^,Awesome game ... DmC have a lot of weapons and upgrades  ....nice storyline  . I really like the battles because you cancombinate your attacks and you can find some secret rooms / challenge rooms  .... RATING : ..  10/10
76561198091585431,Recommended,220440,27544243,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,butka_cz,I have to say only 1 thing and that is: THIS GAME IS SO DAMN UNDERRATED THAT I CANT BELIEVE IT.......
,Recommended,220440,17760278,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,[STW Italia] MadJoker12,"Just three words:SSSAwesome game, worth all the money you'll spent for it"
76561198197723658,Recommended,220440,32947841,Posted: 28 June,all,Optimus_Prime,Awesome game :) As i am fan of Hack n slash / Action adventure  games ... Its just mind blowing :) Love Dante... :)
,Recommended,220440,30828695,Posted: 30 March,all,yung crystal pepsi,"This game gets more hate than I think it deserves. Yeah, the writing is pretty lacking (but coming from a series that has never been known for Shakespearean writing, it's forgivable), the combat is nowhere near as deep as DMC3 or 4 and the aesthetic is very hit-or-miss, but is DmC a bad game? Absolutely not. There's still a lot of depth here, and it actually manages to do some things better than the original series, particularly platforming. The weapon system isn't nearly as deep or open-ended as 3 or 4, but on the flipside, everything is readily accessible, and I never had any issues holding the triggers to switch melee weapons on the fly- it's very flexible and intuitive.Most of the minor gameplay flaws- the lack of lock-on, the stupid color-coded enemies, the broken style meter, and having to collect different arbitrary types of keys to unlock missions- were fixed in the Definitive Edition, but Ninja Theory never made a PC port of that, and two years removed from its release, it doesn't look like we'll be getting it any time soon, which is a damn shame. If you have a PS4 or Xbone, that version is the way to go. It is to this game what the Special Editions were to 3 and 4.As for the audio, the soundtrack is actually pretty okay. It doesn't beat the nu-metal flavorings of 3 or 4, but the Nine Inch Nails and Deadmau5 knockoffs on this game's OST are pretty catchy, and this is coming from someone who doesn't care for dubstep and the like.All in all, DmC is an underappreciated game that is totally worth checking out regardless of your opinions on the rest of the series."
,Recommended,220440,21192648,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ThaWesX,DmC is a really great game even though I haven't played the Devil May Cry Series.My score:Gameplay 9/10Story 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Graphics 10/10Keyboard/moves 7/10 (really hard to play with the keyboard)
,Recommended,220440,8547361,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Kenndrik,"Devil May Cry was always an awesome series but the combat in this one put the others to shame. Story was a bit iffy but funny none the less, Dante still has his ""Shut up and let's fight already."" attitude still. I didn't really like the fact that a lot of the weapons from the previous DMC's were becoming short-handed. You only really get 2 Angel/Demon Weapon's and 2 Guns through the entire game and Rebellion it'self. You can also get a ""SSS"" rating combat rating fairly easy as long as you group up a bunch of enemies and AoE's. Had gotten ""SSS"" on all mission on Hell and Hell mode on Vergil's Downfall DLC which was fairly short, only 6 missions to where Vergil goes mad for more power. But even with all this, the story was like a mix of DMC 1 &3 combined. Bunch of action and gore as usual and Dante's witty comments had me still going and interested. Oh and if your thinking the guns are useless because of the trailer, your highly mistaken. The guns in the game will cause a fairly decent amount of damage and can be implemented in numerous combo's if done correctly. They are also your best friends on Heaven or Hell Mode."
,Recommended,220440,16685193,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,no more uni,"This was the first game of this genre I have played, certainly to completion that I can remember and I love it. The thumping sound track, the relentless combat and combos and a decent enough story to keep me entertained for the 10 hours it took. I may even go back to it and try to complete it at a harder difficulty(some of them seem insane, take no damage ever!) and will it has definitely open my eyes to a whole new library of games I never use to consider."
,Recommended,220440,17124960,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Pred,"DAMN. Just finished playing. Let me start by saying that I'm a newbie for Hack n Slash games and the Devil May Cry franchise, so my review might end being highly subjective. 'Cause being an ignoramus on hack and slash games, it's a challenge to write a good and an objective review. But overall, this was just an awesome game, I enjoyed it very much, and I would reccomend it to someone who's completely new to the genre.For me, the controls were a bit complex and it may have taken hours for me to get the hang of playing the game right.But in the end, I think the controls were well designed and so were the combos that were difficult to execute at times because I'm an impatient person. The upgrade system didn't add much to the game for me, except for some essential combos and a few damage boosts. I think I wasn't looking enough for the variety the game would have offered. Probably because it was already complex enough and I kept on forgetting most of the combos constantly. So I played the game in a quite basic way, in the normal difficulty setting. Wasn't that hard, but a few bosses proved a satisfying challenge.The atmosphere the game created was AMAZING. The game jumped immediately to a dark and intriguing cinematic experience. And after the first cutscene the action started right away, and with awesome music composed by Combichrist that just fit perfectly. The dialogues were cheesy and edgy on purpose but with some dark humor to lighten it up a bit. And one more thing I wanted to add about the music design is how well the transitions between running around, entering combat and finishing combat was made. The immersion never broke down.The characters might have been a bit ""one dimensional"", except for Kat who you'll meet when you play the game :).The story was mediocre, but the atmosphere revolving around the story and the setting made it feel better than it was.I also liked the wide variety of enemy castes, and I saw how essential it was for the variety of combat itself. I bet half of the development time of this game went for the designing of these enemies.The game had its usual average length of 9 hours but they tried to add some replayability by adding gameplay modes that remix the combat scenes and difficulty, which can be unlocked after completing the game.Pros:+Awesome music.+Good bosses and gameplay overall.+Immersion never broke down.Cons:-One dimensional story and characters.TL;DR:""being an ignoramus on hack and slash games, it's a challenge to write a good and an objective review. But overall, this was just an awesome game, I enjoyed it very much, and I would reccomend it to anyone who's completely new to the genre.""EDIT: For much easier and smoother gameplay, use a gamepad! In my case, an Xbox 360 controller."
,Recommended,220440,15883877,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Caedo Genesis,"DmC has been added to my 'guilty pleasure' list of games.+ The environments of Limbo shift and change for a unique and unstable feel.+ The controls are tight, and the flow from one move to another can be learned rather easily.- The dialogue is somewhat weak or downright cheesy at times,+ The motion capture for said dialogue is AMAZING.I don't have much for gripes about this game, minus the simplistic/edgy quips between characters, and that has nothing to do with the gameplay itself. So yeah. Solid game!This does full justice to the name, even if Neo-Dante isn't entirely what the crowd wanted."
,Recommended,220440,25415566,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Chloe Price™,"After 3 years, this game still deserves to be awarded, because it will never be boring to play it, there is no similar game to this. This game is a pure masterpiece!"
,Recommended,220440,24138274,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CuckBoy,F*ck you simulator
,Recommended,220440,8126623,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Thraeg,"DmC manages a fantastic balancing act between accessibility and depth -- the first time through, weapons, moves, and enemies are introduced at a measured enough pace to make it possible to keep up with them, but there's still a massive scope for building your skills and racking up massive scores with SSS combos in battles that used to be a struggle just to survive, just by mastering the systems and weapons. Different weapons are swapped in instantaneously using the triggers as a modifier, and it results in a really wide toolbox of attacks that can be strung together in very satisfying ways.The combat is the real reason to play, but this is also a fantastic-looking game, particularly in terms of the imaginative environments, which make heavy use of ripped and distorted versions of real-world locations. And being on PC running 60 fps helps a lot too. The story and dialogue is a bit less successful -- it has enjoyable moments, but is on the heavy-handed side in terms of its satire.Despite going into this with no expectations or background in the series or genre, I liked it enough to play through the game and the DLC on four consecutive difficulty settings, going up to Dante Must Die, and would name it my Game of the Year for 2013. It also inspired me to seek out more in this genre, which I had mostly ignored previously."
,Recommended,220440,8354966,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Raimus05,This game is amazing. I can't wait till I no life it too 100%!
,Recommended,220440,12079572,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,leXith,"I love this game.  It runs well, looks good, fun to play, plenty to do, lots to collect, and the storyline is interesting enough to encourage you to not skip the many cut scenes.For those of you who have a 120hz monitor and a decent video card, it'll do it (even integrated into the options menu for picking the fps cap - I love games that do this).I picked up the full bundle (all the DLC included) for $15.  Worth every penny.I only wish I picked it up months ago on it's previous sale.Highly recommended - a must buy."
,Not Recommended,220440,11291514,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Brovahkiin,"Spare yourself the pain.DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME!I tried to like it. I really, really tried. But... it just sucks. I can't find a single redeeming Factor to it.Everything I liked about DMC3/4 is gone. Everything. The combat doesn't feel gratifying anymore, the main protagonist is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the unreal engine sucks for character action games, the voice acting needs work, the sound design gives me headaches, the enemy designs are bad from a gameplay standpoint, there's no lock on function, the pacing needs work, Devil Trigger mode sucks, the music is uninspired and plain, the writing makes me cringe, and Vergil isn't cool anymore.What the hell were you idiots thinking? You took everything that was good about Devil May Cry and you reuined it... all of it.I can understand if you messed up 1 or 2 things, humans are flawed after all. But you somehow managed to ruin everything. I don't know how, and I don't know why. All I know is that this game fills me with hatred and sadness.The only valid reason to play this game is if you want to study the no-no's of game design.Please just spare yourself and play DMC4."
,Not Recommended,220440,16780306,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Mago Gellino,"+Soundtrack is by Noisia+Very good PC port+Nice looking-Terrible story-The dialog in this game is one of the worst i have ever seen, it can be summarize with 2 6yo yelling ""♥♥♥♥ you"" at each other-Dònte is a complete, ♥♥♥♥ing idiot-Vèrgil SHOT a harmless pregnant woman from behind. I have no words for this.-Mundus went from being the all powerful demon king to a stereotipical jew capitalist with junk control powers-Gameplay is way too semplistic, nowhere near dmc3 or 4-No hard lock on(mod is on its way)-Awful camera(i had to mod it)-Few enemy types and almost all very similar-Unispired level design-Combo system too generous with ranks and easy to exploit, countless times i got to the S+ ranks by simply using the weapons base combos-Gameplay ruined by enemies that require a specific weapon to be harmed, resulting in a block evey time you hit them with the wrong weapon, stopping your combo and preventing you from switching weapon when those enemies are nearbyt.-HORRIBLE boss fights, just ATROCIUS-You have to keep holding RT and LT in order to use the other weapons, making the dodge moves for those weapons completely useless, also no toggle option.-The devil trigger is the most useless♥♥♥♥♥♥i have ever seen, what is the point of throwing all the enemies in the air? Reducing me to only use aerial combos to just a couple of them and sometimes they go so up i cant reach them. Its also ugly as♥♥♥♥♥♥ remember the old devil trigger? Remember transforming into a scary looking ♥♥♥♥ing demon? Yeah, now you got veins all over dònte's face. And that's it.-The final boss is an insult.-Vergil's dlc is terrible just like the main game.Best Ninja Theory game so far. Not joking."
,Recommended,220440,8387034,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,blem,"Being new to the Devil May Cry franchise, I can`t speak for classic fans. But as far as Ninja Theory`s, DMC is concerned I must say it was absolutely awesome the entire way through. I am definitely not normally into the fighting genre of video games, but I must say the story and world this game twisted and turned you through was action packed, and had me so hooked I actually had to go look up the plots from the original DMC`s.As far as the combat goes the battles are beautifully fluid and almost make you feel like you`re in a movie, perfectly stringing together maneuvers. Throughout the entire game you encounter new Demons to go up against leaving you never bored. In addition, pretty much till the last few missions you will be constantly unlocking new weapons, whether it be ranged or melee. Also earning upgrades is satisfying, allowing you to unlock new abilities and moves with your weapons.  As well as increasing maximum health.  Even with all that the gameplay has more to offer; I would most definitely consider this game a platformer with the amount of climbing, jumping, and swinging that occurs.Where this game shines in my opinion is it`s one of a kind world and story. Most combat will happen once you have been dragged into “Limbo,” a city controlled entirely by Demons. The artwork in this game, (especially in Limbo) is stunning and refreshing, often having vibrant colors and offering a unique look. The demons also look like serious creatures, but still leaving enough room for the game`s dark comedic tendencies. The plot I suppose is more personal opinion but I simply couldn’t get enough! The thought of exploring the afterlife and the backstory of Dante was really cool, and the three protagonists (Dante, Kat, and Virgil) all have their reasons for what make them to me, strong characters. In particular, Dante.  Plus the thought that the world we inhabit could have far more going on than meets the eye. The voice acting in this game is nothing but the best, every moment there was dialogue I always found myself drawn.Overall this game is a must purchase, the world is one of a kind and the plot and characters were extremely engaging. DMC is on Steam right now for only $24.99, which is a steal! Just to back up my recommendation Metacritic gave this game an 85/100, IGN rated it an 8.5 also stating “This is exactly what the Devil May Cry franchise needed,” and Destructoid rated it an 9/10.These are the reasons why I give Devil May Cry a very strong recommendation!(And mission 20 is badass.)"
76561198114193611,Recommended,220440,10148520,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,walido37,This game is amazing. Story is a nice update to the original Devil May Cry series. Gameplay is fun and fast paced. I can't wait until DMC 2 comes out.
,Recommended,220440,9388058,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,NooDle Pot @NoLife,"What you would expect from a Devil May Cry game.Demons, combos and of course the cocky protaganist.The weapons are fun and allow for interesting combinations, particularly the angel weaponary;If you like devil may cry, then this prequel will definitely sate your appetite.Also, I'd reccomend getting the bloody palace as it allows unlimited monster slaying as in the previous games.The only downside I'd say was that the ranged weapons are limited, slow and not really worth using (even during combos).."
76561198068867109,Recommended,220440,9122930,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Einax,"I've completed this game yesterday, and the first thought that occured to me after this was: ""I need to write a review about this"". So, here I am :)The game is brilliant, and there are a few reasons for me to say that.The first one is that the game is visually stunning. And it's not an overestimation. Almost all of the game's action takes place in the world which is parallel to our own, Limbo. And in this world, everything you look at is beautiful. Rich colors, walls and buildings floating in the air, beautiful sky, words appearing on the floor and on the walls... These things grant you mind-blowing visual experience. And yeah, about the words... As far as I understand that, those words belong to the demon, one of the final bosses of the game, Demon King Mundus. Usually, some words appear on the floor or on the walls and a harsh voice reads them. My all-time favorite words are ""♥♥♥♥ you, Dante!"" xD I laughed a lot on that one.The second reason is the game's plot. The plot is surprisingly good for a slasher! You don't expect a great plot in such a game, just because usually slashers aren't about the plot at all. However, in DmC, you won't find the best plot in the world, but it's a solid (or even more than that) storyline, it's quite intriguing and the characters are great. And of course, the best character is Dante. He's one of my favorite characters in games, mainly because of his sense of humour and his indifferent attitude to things. He knows he's the best and he behaves as one. However, this is a reboot of the old Devil May Cry series, and Dante... He's still the same. He's younger, he's impudent, he's strong and he doesn't care. If you love this character, just go on and play this game. Dante deserves it :)The most important part in slashers is the game's mechanics. Every fight is spectacular, you have A LOT of weapons and moves to choose from, and even if you're not an experienced slasher player, you'll still be able to destroy hordes of demons in any way you like. And when the fight is over, you feel the need to start another one, just to chop some more demons into mincemeat. Because chopping them is really fun in that game!Also, the soundtrack is perfect for that game. Fast extreme metal with growl vocals adds so much drive to that game, and to be honest, I don't think any other kind of music would fit for the slasher game.The only flow I'd like to underline is that the game itself is really short. I clearly understand I completed it on the easiest difficulty level (human), however I managed to complete the game in 7-8 hours. This doesn't make the game worse or anything, but I expected 25-30 hours of gameplay, something like Darksiders, you know... Oh well, the game is amazing, and that's the most important thing.Overall, if you like good slashers, or if you like stunning visual experiences, the game is totally for you. I loved it.My personal rating: 8.4 out of 10."
76561198057232599,Recommended,220440,9186115,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,bckramer,"Ultimately, this title fails to deliver the true emunctory or catoptric peregrination that the originals acalculiated. Many expected this title to burgoo but alas it exfoliates the major flaws of precalcination.10/10"
,Recommended,220440,9382951,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Ŧróyzer™,Fantastic game i use mouse and keyboard for the whole game and loved it some reviews say only use a controller ignore that it's just as fun with keyboard and mouse my first ever devil may cry game highly recommended 9/10
76561198027557063,Recommended,220440,3801567,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,Norke,"In my opinion this game is nothing short of brilliant. The level design is spectacular with Limbo feeling like a character itself, the story is engaging and keeps the action going, and the combat rewards those who put in time and effort to understand it. Not to mention the killer soundtrack that backs up the visceral combat. Its campaign is on the short side with a length of 6-8 hours, but the replay value is high and you will continue playing for many hours after.This is a game worth buying if not only for the sole purpose of letting the game industry know that innovation and creativity is welcome and that gamers are open to new concepts."
,Recommended,220440,2000139,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,アレクサンダー,"My recomendation is simple - buy this game if... actually no ""if"". Just buy this game. You'll not regret it. The best DMC so far and therefore the best slasher on the planet."
,Recommended,220440,52009,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Ninjutsu,Great game not the best in the franchise but still good.
76561197964742061,Recommended,220440,8320990,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Myxus,"From the spectacular environments and level design to the buttery smooth - though slightly simplistic - combat system, DmC breathes new life into a franchise that has since gone stale.  Ninja Theory's adaptation is very stylish and is a well-imagined addition to the Devil May Cry universe despite its somewhat juvenile approach."
,Recommended,220440,8389832,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dingo,"This game is a lot of fun, the voice acting is really good and there is some good humor. I'm normally not very bit on button masher games but this one is a bit different. 3D Vision works very well on Ultra settings after Helix Mod."
,Recommended,220440,8431398,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Chaszor,Love this game
,Recommended,220440,8568079,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mazzarc,Amazing game Great fun
,Recommended,220440,9011410,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Luke Barton,Great single player experience.  Awesome boss battles!
,Recommended,220440,686332,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Fox! ϡpeace,"LET ME PREFACE THIS BY SAYING I HAVE NOT PLAYED ANY OF THE OTHER DEVIL MAY CRY GAMES FROM START TO FINISH PREVIOUS TO WRITING THIS RECOMMENDATIONThis game is amazing!  I was talking massive amounts of♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game from every little bit that was being revealed up until the actual release, but I decided to pick it up because the original creator of the first DMC game was vouching to give Ninja Theory's attempt at the series a shot.  Another thing that pushed me was that a certain someone was threatening that they were just going to buy the game for me if I didn't pick it up myself, and I really hate it when people waste money on me, so.......As of right now, I've only played about two hours, and would be playing more if it wasn't 4 AM my time!  I thought the dubstep would really detract me from enjoying the game, but you don't really notice the music most of the time while you're trying to dodge/parry/strike at enemies.  The weapons that I have are really fun to use, as they are all extremely varied.  Sometimes it gets a little confusing, as I'm not used to having so many options to dispatch enemies in a game!  It's only going to get worse as I upgrade my weapons to maximize my combos.  I've been playing on the normal difficulty, as I figured easy would be too easy, and hard might be a bit much considering I have never been 'great' at action games like the DMC series.  I haven't died yet, although I've come extremely close during boss fights!I personally don't like the look of new Dante, but I think my game came with a preordered bonus skin to make Dante look like his old self, and I'm really happy they included that with the game!  He still reverts to his old self during cutscenes, but it doesn't really matter that much as I don't really care about the story (since it seems really dumb).  The combat is really the highlight for me, and I'm really surprised at how well-made this game is considering it's out for console systems as well.  One of my IRL friends told me that they actually designed the game for PC (as the framerate is actually capped on the console version), and I would believe them considering how smoothly the game is running on my 2-3 year old machine!  I'm running everything at max with vsync@120hz and have only noticed tearing during some cutscenes, although that's incredibly minor (since the game runs pretty flawlessly during actual gameplay).  The environment is absolutely stunning from what I've come across thus far, and I'm excited to explore more of the game later!  I haven't even unlocked every available weapon yet, so I'm extremely excited to experiment with what combos I can create using all the techniques and weapons are available.I think this game is going to be really great just from judging what I've played so far, and I'm really happy I was wrong about how horrible I thought this game was going to be after following its development for so long.As someone who has never completed a Devil May Cry game before, I'm happy to say that I'm having a blast playing through this one, and fully plan to beat this (eventually)!  Pick this up if you're looking to have fun with an action game!Also I'm playing this with a 360 controller, so I have no idea how different it would be on keyboard/mouse!!  IF YOU PLAY GAMES LIKE THESE ON PC, YOU SHOULD REALLY INVEST IN A WIRED 360 CONTROLLER (if you don't have one by now)."
76561198083810361,Recommended,220440,8245331,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Bob Barley,"The story may not be the best but it's somewhat interesting,  the gameplay on the other hand has some of the most enjoyable mechanics i've used in an action game, the sheer number of combos you can preform that chain together make this a game worth getting"
,Recommended,220440,7711695,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Hellspawn,"Never was a fan of the original Devil May Cry yet I love this game. Superb graphics, AMAZING gameplay, and cool soundtrack."
,Recommended,220440,7378405,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,nexen,"Fast, fun, trippy, and easy on the eyes. Typcial Ninja Theory A+ character animation and rendering to top it off. If you ask me, this game is far better than any of the previous Devil May Cry games."
76561197968761282,Recommended,220440,329645,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Arc,"Colour me surprised!I had followed a lot of the news and recommendation around DMC and finally picked it up on sale.  It was worth the wait.One of the best new AAA titles I've played in a while.  It has the occasional hiccup in story or difficulty like you'd expect, but overall it's super polished, super fun, and the definition of Dante in this incarnation is just awesome.  Actually, dialogue all around is fantastic with this cast, and somehow a very strong point in the game.Combat is as fast and fun as ever, but I'll admit it's not great with keyboard & mouse.   Still, you probably know to expect that if you don't own a controller of sorts.Anyway, highly recommended."
,Recommended,220440,5103491,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Kurostein,"Well, I don't think that need to say something. It's DmC. It's perfect! :xI really like this reboot of the DmC series, because now I can understand better the Dante and Vergil's history, and the gameplay changes are not bad, you can't make ""crazy combos"", but the game still is really fun to play."
,Recommended,220440,25337828,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Jeezy Jones,"this game is just so good, it was a lot better then what i expected, and i had high hope for it, i just loved the style and the personality of every character."
76561198163148477,Recommended,220440,16035613,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MassSpecFella,"Its a great game. Beautiful graphics, cool style, cool music. Personally I find it a bit too hard. I wish easy difficulty was a bit easier. You get infinite continues though so its cool. Normal is way too hard. 4 hits and you are dead! The story is pretty good."
,Recommended,220440,7404118,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,xagarelic,"Dante's back, and he's better than before, old fans will enjoy this fresh incarnation of him while new ones will probably craving for a sequel,also for older fans this isthe story that you should get before Devil May Cry 3, you can treat this as a prequel or a fresh reboot as it intendedGameplay? What gameplay? it's STYLIN""!"
,Recommended,220440,994749,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Hatsuna,"Considering this is my first game in the DMC series, I guess I don't really have much to go by, but without a doubt, this was one of the most enjoyable games I've played in a long time.  Qualms about Dante's character aside (though I actually found Dante quite likeable as his character developed), the visual style and art direction are fantastic.  The world of Limbo crawls alive around Dante, often begging you to stop and look out into the distance.  Yet before you earn this respite to enjoy the view, you'll often find yourself engrossed in combat with the various monsters that'll be thrown at you.  By far the strongest and most important aspect of the game (besides the divvying up of angel and demon monsters), DMC's combat feels tight, fluid, and (though apparently simpler than previous games) feels very much streamlined.  Though there are no huge combo strings to learn (thank god) attacks flow seamlessly into each other, each weapon with its own rhythm and set of attacks.  DMC combat appears simple, but still feels incredibly satisfying when self-made combos can be pulled off.Vergil's Downfall (which I also ended up buying after I beat the main game) is satisfying in its own right.  Though it lacks the fantastical environments of the main game, playing as Vergil and seeing an ""end"" to his story has its own unique yet highly enjoyable feel."
,Recommended,220440,7655028,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,wormsbuh,"superb level design but a little too linear even if you don't want to think where to go playing a beat'em all, the gameplay at his best ! crowd control never been so joyful! but there is one big downside: the bosses are sh*t! otherwise the game is a bit easy and the camera issues still remain after so many years..."
,Recommended,220440,1513803,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Trioptical,"Playability and presentation wise, this is the best of the series. The combat systems are excellent, and while everyone else has been going the Batman: Arkham way of making us feel like skilled martial artists, DmC pulls it off in a very different way. Amazing."
76561198060511800,Recommended,220440,6170920,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Marllboro,"Хотите экшен? НАТЕ!! Хотите музыки ? НАТЕ!!!!!! Хотите суровости и быстроту действий? ВОТ ВАМ ,НАТЕ!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10"
76561197978345691,Recommended,220440,7641473,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Zuckerhund ®,"The combat in DmC is great, the story is fascinating, and it's covered in a slick style that few games can claim to have. To further seal the deal, you've got a great soundtrack and incredible art direction to look forward to.It's short, but definitely sweet."
,Recommended,220440,8524037,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Skying High,"Despite the hate for the redesign, this is actually a good action game. I personally dig the new Dante, and the art direction of this game. Also, this thing runs smooth like a beast (60+ FPS) on pc, compared to the low FPS (30, to be precise,) on consoles. The controls are pretty tight, and the gameplay is enjoyable... give this one a chance!"
,Recommended,220440,9142768,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Zottelchen,Great game! It is beautiful & brutal. But sometimes it is really complicated when you are playing with a keyboard (like press W+E+Space+F+V and click with your mouse as fast as you can). Still worth it ;)Also getthis DLC (Vergils Downfall)
,Recommended,220440,27610991,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Baratus,"By no means an appropriate use of the Devil May Cry name, but a fun and enjoyable game in its own merit. The controls are satisfying and the combat is varied and challenging. A very stupid game, but fun."
76561198076121791,Recommended,220440,14260793,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Grim,"Besides the changes of one of the major characters' personalities, cough cough *vergil* cough cough, I think this is overall a solid reboot to the Devil May Cry franchise, while Dante may not be the same white haired (not in a million years), pizza loving protagonist you come to expect of him, this story's version of the demon killer is great in his own right, and on a gameplay front while the combat may not be as deep as previous entries, it is still a hell of alot of fun to play; if you enjoy a third person hack-n-slash experience then DMC is definitely worth your time and money, just make sure you have a controller for this one."
,Recommended,220440,17951851,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Boris,"A fun game, but a brief one. Game clocks me in at just over 8 hours and that means that's how long it took me to go from start to finish in the storyline. Enjoyed myself and would play a game like this again, but with my cost ratios I think about, I'd say don't drop over 10$ on this. If you can get it for that, totally a deal."
,Recommended,220440,8856911,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sparda,"A game that depends completely upon whether you enjoy having the power to ragdoll a♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of demons and slash them to bits. The combat system is completely perfected, no real issues with the combat system apart from it's a bit awkward to fully get used to the angel/demon mode, but that is soon changed as you get used to the fighting system. If you're expecting a follow on from the other canon DMC games then you will not be pleased because this is a REBOOT. It's called reboot for a reason and there's no use complaining about it. The story is a tiny bit simplistic but it works to a good degree. There are some VERY MINOR glitches in the game, such as when there's a moment where you need to grapple a boss, it just glitches out and doesn't let you do anything at all. The music that Ninja Theory decided to implement is the best thing I've ever encountered - personally - because it has a variety of great industrial metal from Combichrist as well as their previous Electronic Industrial songs in some levels while also having some 'Dubstep-esque' music from Noisia; Noisia also provide the background music for most levels too, really good music is found in this game and it has helped to shape my music interests to this day!I personally, cannot get enough of this game: the combat system is so fluid and exciting - I smile whenever combat approaches (Just an expression of course), the music makes you feel adrenaline-pumped as it is fast paced and works to set the scene for the story behind Dante. Ninja Theory have never taken on something such as Dante's story and the gameplay expectations from the previous games, however, with the implementation of Red Orbs in this game, I have no doubts that they have perfected it and perhaps even created a new spectacle for DmC games in the future."
,Recommended,220440,7403036,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Waki,Jogo♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,220440,23156801,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,nuRa,"The best ""hack and slay"" in my opinion. - 10/10"
,Recommended,220440,10535342,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Sgt. James Byrd,"DmC Devil May Cry is an excellent edition to the library of anyone looking for an adreneline pumping action title with silky smooth combat.  The best part of the game for me was the combat, the likes of which I had never before experienced (yes this   is my first DMC game).  The transitions between combos are so fluid you will forget about them.  The combat will eventually become second nature and you won't even need to look up combos (although this may be partially caused by the fact that there are not a lot of combo options available).  Speeking of combos, one of the funnest parts of the game was experimenting with the continuity of different combos.  Since the game does not directly state, ""use combo A then combo B to deal a lot of damage"" the player is made to experiment to see which order of not only attacks but combos was the most efficient, which again I found to be extremely enjoyable."
,Recommended,220440,7807299,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Dom,"I absolutely love this game, the whole franchise in fact. I only have a couple of resentments which can easily be overlooked.Cons:NINJA THEORY company name spamfest in the intro video, egoistic way of telling people how they changed every detail of a 12 years old marvelous franchise. Signature weapons re-design which can be overlooked, after all you'll be using weapons to kill things not to admire the design.Pros:Interesting missions and somewhat interesting story. Brilliant fighting possibilities, Vergil's Downfall is just marvelous. If you like hack and slash games, you'll enjoy playing DmC."
76561198059234120,Recommended,220440,8644177,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Jovis,u r gay
76561198005271335,Recommended,220440,7478411,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Pale Dolphin,"Simply put, DmC is one of the best slashers yet to come out for the PC. Must buy. Rating: 10 out of 10."
76561198010418156,Recommended,220440,24026801,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,wraith,they took one of my favouie franchisesbrushed off the weeabo nero whiney ♥♥♥♥♥made ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry of the previous game and gave me a solid damn game with an interesting enough storyits not throwing dragons at a gian demon boss amazing but its a proud addition to the family
,Recommended,220440,28313163,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,i luv my gurl sosa,Yes.
76561197993767882,Recommended,220440,25350322,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,tony1000,"Have enjoyed every minute of playing. Amazing art, destructions, memorable boss battles. Story is cool, Dante is cool. Remind me 'Quantum Break'(level deisgn), 'Castlevania: Lords of Shadow'(left and right weapons) and 'Darksiders 2'(art style).Overall 9/10."
76561197974187280,Recommended,220440,28902747,Posted: 1 January,all,BerBer,Good action game? YesGood Devil May Cry game? No
,Recommended,220440,21924861,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,François Flynn Long,This is the game that makes me wanna kill people with awesome kill moves irl
76561198069168214,Recommended,220440,26624143,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,NicholiPolovski,"Bought this game a while back, and i gotta say, it's no way a devil may cry game. (mostly just similar hack and slash combat system) But it's quite fun. Aside from all the non canon plot and backstory, there were acouple things i just didn't like: The story was mediocre at best, mostly predictable ending and plot points; how the game has times where it really plays its self; the distinct lack of puzzles, heck, i started the game hating the rebooted characters, espically dante, but over time, i grew to put all that behind me, that's only because i looked at this like like a different franchise all together. This game was actually challenging on average difficultly, which makes the many difficulties that more terrifying.Some of the things i really liked about this game:-The Music: the music in this game was all produced by one group, which gave it consistantcy. The music in the game really does a great job blending from combat music to ambience. But along with that, the music really did fit the style of the game, a little bit of edm, mixed with some metal. All the bosses had their own music, and the repeated music is really enjoyable. It really makes you want to take on every demon spawn that comes your way!-The level design/overall art style: if theres one thing i love the most about this game, it's the levels, so much work went into this world (espically when you get to the tv place). It really feels like a unique experience every level, which was something a few of the original dmc games lacked. The artstyle was the real cherry on top, they really didn't try for realism in this game (original artstyle is one of my favorite things) they had a comicbook/western animation style, and stuch with it.-satisfying gameplay and combat: this game was well cared for in the combat mechanics department, it feels so great to slash and bash enemies, and the combos are much easier to obtain (unlike in previous installments in the series)The weapons in this game are also compelling, from powerfists to shurikens, you'll be wanting to use all of the weapons to get as high of a hit score as possible, and with a simple weapon switching system, you can pull of alot of diverse combos, and feel like a badass the whole time.sure, some of the enemies are annoying.. but that just makes it all the more satisfying when you kill the last one and get that slow-mo money shot.Overall: if you're a die-hard dante fan, maybe don't play this one (unless you're openminded) but if you like hack and slash games, like beyonetta, or god of war, that means you don't really give a damn about plot, and this game is for you.If you really want to get started with this genre of video game, I absolutely recommend this game"
,Recommended,220440,8448228,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Luke,"Took about 5-6 missions before I got the combat, but I ended up finishing it.  I like the face animation stuff Ninja Theory does, fun levels, entire soundtrack by Combichrist so it fits the rediculous motif, stupid-fun story, and only a few annoying boss fights.  8/10 SSSADISTIC!!!"
,Recommended,220440,720955,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,METAL-SLUG,I thought this was going to be crap from the day it was announced but it's actually very good.
,Recommended,220440,25207076,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,ZiCell,I hacked and slashed with style and music.
,Recommended,220440,16613255,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,joreclros92,"TL:DR - 7.5/10 for fun action gameplay, easy mechanics, and an okay storyline. Worth it if on sale, up to you at full price.I have just finished my playthrough of both the base game and the DLC Fall of Vergil gameplay on Devil Hunter difficulty. DMC has the humor and I feel they got Dante's cocky demeanor down to perfection. The story was pretty good, if not predictable at times but you don't really play games like these for stories, you play them to feel like a badass. In this case, the game delivers. The game is kind of short, as I have beaten the base game in 8 hours and the DLC in about 2.Dante is given his trusty Ebony and Ivory, his sword Rebellion, and four other types of weapons. Two of them being more power based and the other two being more speed based. You can switch between the four extra weapons seamlessly for some pretty awesome combos. I found it pretty easy to get at least an S rating on combos once I got the controls down and I got them down really quickly. It's easy to understand how each weapon works and you're pretty much limited by your creativity when it comes down to putting combos together. Since I played the game on Devil Hunter (normal), it wasn't that hard to beat but still challenging enough to feel satisfied when you get an SSS combo score. No doubt the harder difficulties will provide some fun and frustration.Fall of Vergil really pales in comparison. I know it's a DLC so it won't have as much content but will Vergil you're only given Yamato and his Illusion powers. Don't get me wrong, Vergil's a badass and it was rewarding to kick♥♥♥♥♥with him once I got used to him. The difference is that while Dante has an arsenal of weapons that allow him to handle multiple enemies at once allowing you to be a powerhouse, Vergil was more limited and I felt you have to be more evasive and strike more precisely. That said, his demon form is pretty cool and is a little more dynamic than Dante. Still it doesn't beat being able to switch multiple weapons and going to town on those demons.The only way this game could have been better is a longer game and more interesting characters.Do I recommend this game at full price? As cheap as I am, I would say no. But I feel I'm an outlier of the average consumer when it comes to assessing the worth of games. I'm incredibly cheap and I only ever really buy during sales. That said, I bought this game during the Summer Sale and by that I would absolutely recommend getting this game.I say wait for a sale and then get it. But that's my personal opinion."
,Recommended,220440,29640830,Posted: 1 February,all,Appr3h3nd3r,"plays fine. good value, can ignore the dlc"
76561198130006420,Recommended,220440,29377759,Posted: 20 January,all,daddy-ana,"if you like hack and slash play thisif you hate demons play thisif you have stress and wanna fight hard just play this.this is may favourite DMC series, of course because its graphic and action thats not very different from the prequel but now more better.i recommend this game if you are a hack and slash lover"
,Recommended,220440,29513596,Posted: 26 January,all,Fara,"It is a full on action packed game.However, I'm used to an open world theme so being able to move in one direction only makes is less interesting for me.Overall, its a nice game with a good storyline plus great music as well.I recommend to get it during sale tho."
,Recommended,220440,8325610,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,VeTaL,"Well.. you'd be able totally enjoy this game if you'll consider DmC as a separate game (not as a part of Dmc3,Dmc4 series)."
,Recommended,220440,10514229,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,mupheminsani,"Unlike the many others, DmC reboot is most welcomed on my behalf! With new various combat moves, great art and above all, with this fine new-ish story line, DmC is one hack'n slash genre you can easily adapt and enjoy."
76561198004674158,Recommended,220440,10468015,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,DANTE,THE BESTT........
76561198076222545,Recommended,220440,10472050,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Castlefo,"This game has many qualities both good and bad. combat feals fluid and real with dantes charachter animation flowing with the atacks. Platforming in this game has inproved significantly over the others and is actually fun. The story is weak but not so weak you just skip it. Level desing and animations are amazing from the background aninmation to the active destruction of limbo the levels are fun and engaging. All of the mocking of the original games is a serious draw back to this game they are so blatant that even new people to the series won't miss them. enimies are repetitive color coding the enimies to specific wepons was a drag to the combat making you feel limited and controlled. Most bosses felt under powered and one main enimy encounterd later in the game was actually harder then some of the bosses. There is a fair bit of replayabilty. Overal this was a good game die hard DMC fans will find some majior flaws Buyer discresion is advised this is a must have at under $30. TTFN""Note"" steam reset my game times so they are not acurat depictions of the time i spent in these games"
,Recommended,220440,10490083,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,CosmicSpecters,"DmC: Devil May Cry is up there with one of my top games. It's really worth every cent to buy this game. Not only is the storyline great, but the graphics, characters, and even the smoothness of the gameplay is fabulous. If you don't already have this game, and assuming you like the Devil May Cry series anyways, it's one you should invest in."
76561197998176610,Recommended,220440,10491582,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Sam (´･ω･`),great hack n slash!
,Recommended,220440,22649948,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TheToad,"First, let me just say that this is my first Devil May Cry game. That being said, I thought this game was GREAT.Story:I don't know much about the original story, but I definitely liked this ""modernized version"". It's not a very complicated story: Dante wants revenge on the demon who killed his mother (and who is pretty much controlling the world). But honestly, that's enough for me. I really liked the look of the game and how the world was portrayed - especially ""limbo"", the hidden ""demon world"" around us.Looking through the other reviews it seems like some people think that Dante is too ""cool"", and yes, he sure is confident and maybe a bit smug, but honestly, I liked him. Despited his ""flaws"" he seems like a good person, and he made me laugh several times throughout the game. And yes, he is cool.My favorite character was probably Kat, a human who helps you out on your missions. I really wish we could have gotten to know a bit more about her, but sadly we probably never will as a sequel doesn't seem to be coming any time soon.Vergil, Dante's brother... He is the smarter sibling, while Dante is the stronger one(?). I knew before starting the game that some things would happen between them, but I don't want to give away too many spoilers.Then there is Mundus, the demon god. Decent bad guy although I would have liked to know more about him as well. Especially regarding his relationship toDante's father.Gameplay:I can't remember the last time I had this much fun fighting in a video game. The fighting feels fast, smooth and kick♥♥♥♥♥ All of the weapons are really strong in their own way, and while it is easy to get into the game it takes some practice to slash and bash through legions of mobs without getting a chainsaw in your back.Apparently this game is quite a bit easier than the previous Devil May Cry games, and I agree that putting a check point beforeeveryfight was a bit too much. It sometimes felt like, especially on the harder difficulties towards the end of the game, instead of starting a fight with 10% health you might as well just suicide and respawn with full health (at the cost of a lower score, of course). It doesn't really give you that ""I gotta try my best to survive!""-feeling. On the positive side, having check points before each fight means you can try to chain attacks and pull of amazing combos evey fight without worrying too much about screwing up.The only part of the game that I didn't really enjoy was when you have to run around helping people in the real world, since you aren't really able to fight while doing this. Luckily most of the game takes place in limbo, which is where the fun happens.Graphics:The game looks good to me. I really liked the style of the game, and although the game is fairly linear, the world around you changes all the time, making it feel like you are actually part of something more open and bigger. The first time you move around in limbo you will most likely have a blast.Music:The music in the game is heavy metal/heavy rock-ish(?) stuff, which is not really my type of music, but it sure makes you feel like a badass when you fight through hordes of enemies with that music playing in the background. It really suits the mood of the game, and the fights would feel way less epic without this great soundtrack.I also really liked the voices of the different characters. In my opinion, pretty much all the voices were spot on. The one liners from Dante were perfectly delivered, making even the bad jokes funny. Well done.Overall:Again, this was my first Devil May Cry game, and it seems like most of the negative reviews are from people who have played the previous games. For me, this was a great introduction to the series, and I'm definitely going to play the originals as well. If you want a really good fighting game with a decent story that looks and sounds great then look no further. This is the game for you."
,Recommended,220440,10466416,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Daxio,"Truly amazing only about 12 hours long though many difficulties to play it through on, I.E. one where every enemy and you die in one hit, and one where only you have 1 hit death.  Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,220440,17019769,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Shippuden,"As a Normal player ( and maybe as a fan of Hack And Slash ) i really Recommend this game , awesome combo , good story and etc ... .But As a DEVIL MAY CRY FAN i don't recommend this game , it's not like the old DMC .As a Normal Player 10/10 ( of course you need a Controller )As a Devil may cry FAN 5/10"
76561198040807276,Recommended,220440,8535822,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Dabulry,Great visuals and smooth gameplay. I'd say this is probably my favorite purchase in 2013
76561198051005425,Recommended,220440,8917304,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Idiosyncrasy,"While I have never played any of the originals, I have thoroughly enjoyed my playthrough thus far. I am on mission 15, and I have been impressed with the visuals of this game. There has been some very interesting level design, with great voice acting and music mixed in. As far as the combat, it is fast-paced and easy to learn/hard to master. I would recommend this game to anybody that is a fan of fast paced action."
,Recommended,220440,9249554,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,il Catania,"Some of the best combat mechanics I've ever had in recent games: fast paced, complex and rewarding. Plus the setting and story telling is the same over the top stylish teen-based story we learned to love and expect from the DmC franchise."
76561198065628419,Recommended,220440,8308412,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Martyven,"One of the most underrated games of 2013.DmC Devil May Cry is a fantastic re-imaging of the popular hack and slash series that follows the part demon, part angel nephilim, Dante. Players will make their way through a series of levels that are split between Limbo and Reality, while fighting demons and other monstrosities along the way. Fans of the series initially bashed the game for the new aesthetic stylings that have changed how Dante looks. But this is of little consequence seeing as how his attitude has also been tweaked. He may well come across as an angsty 20-something year old at first, but as the character grows he quickly becomes a solid Dante in his own right, with a strong moral code and personality. Combat is fast, strong and fluid, you can really feel the impact of the various weapons that you will be bringing to battle; be it sword, scythe or ranged weapons, they all pack enough punch to make the ranking combat system worth engaging in. Fans of the series will see some returning faces and ideals, and for those of you that purchase the DL, ""Vergils Downfall"" this game could be considered a prequel to Devil May Cry 3. DmC: Devil May Cry is actually a reboot, but some hardcore fans differ on this decision, thus aligning the timeline:DmC Devil May CryDevil May Cry 3Devil May Cry 1Devil May Cry 4Devil May Cry 2But putting that subject aside, this game is damn near perfect with great add on DLC including the free Bloody Palace Mode, definitely a game for fans of sword play. Just like my original review of the game, Dmc Devil May Cry would be scored 9/10.But Steam doesn't score that way, so consider it recommended."
,Recommended,220440,10745142,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[RM] Odysseus,"Fantastically fun game. The mechanics are similar to previous Devil May Cry games, but different at the same time. The angel/demon combat system was well-implemented. I love all the DMC games (especially the original!), and this is a worthy successor to those titles."
76561198016944183,Recommended,220440,8792971,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Nines,"This game is amazing! The stylish combat and over the top voice acting make this a successful game in the franchise. Although the new design of the protaganist, Dante, was excessivly ridiculed he still managed to win the audience over with his attitude. This is a must buy if you enjoyed any of the earlier Devil May Cry games!"
,Recommended,220440,10547761,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Maniaqz,"Previous DmC setting was better, but this part is still good old fast-paced hack and slash game with nice design."
76561198027076432,Recommended,220440,9445578,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Budokai001,"A wonderful game of a great series.DMC is for all those who love the stylish fast paced multi button combos.Gamepad is heavily recommended as one gets 7 weapons in total each with different buttons for combos,so switching between them is made easy with gamepad.Death is forgiving and the difficulty unlocks are very good,making sure the DMC hardcore fans have a lot to play for .The boss fights are a bit disappointing compared to DMC 4 ,which had a lot of bosses.But apart from this, a lof of emphasis has been made to normal units ,many of which are unique and have different powers .Going up in the difficulty ladder gives a different set of enemies in the same environment , which will need different strategies to ensure a smooth progression to the next level.All in all, a good game and would recommend it to the DMC fans ."
,Recommended,220440,25094406,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,M24OVER,GG :)
,Recommended,220440,25414177,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,¿OMAGAD?,"More blood pls,i like it!!"
76561198185285514,Recommended,220440,18064739,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,SephirothXII,It is a good game
76561198111613595,Recommended,220440,28811770,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DeadFace,At this point a feel like a god damn old man. The three DMC game on PS were so much better than this...thing. It's pretty but where did the soul go? Still a good game just does not compare to the classics.
76561198052562356,Recommended,220440,12382802,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Habi,"After giving it a second chance, I was able to enjoy it. Has really good level design and some pretty cool bosses. Try not to compare it to DMC4 when playing otherwise it will disappoint you."
,Recommended,220440,1560172,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Capt.Sweglord,SSS (Sensational!)
,Not Recommended,220440,17145155,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Guardian,this game doesn't catch me like dmc 3 and 4. its boring tbh.
,Recommended,220440,13735094,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Yugen,"Honestly, I wrote off this game off when I first saw it... Pinned it as just another empty hack & slash game on rails with an unhealthy focus on fodder kills being the ""fun"" of it all. Boy was I wrong. This game has an engaging story, witty humor, gorgeous visuals at 60fps (PC), semi-satifyingly creative boss battles, and a character development of the main character that you dont find in many games. I hope there will be a sequel."
,Recommended,220440,10754929,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Moving McTarget,"Not normally one for hack & slash games, but I did find this game quite enjoyable. Graphics and gameplay are awesome. There was something quite satisfying about beating the crap out of hordes of enemies.The only thing that struck me as a little odd was that the boss fights were way too easy. I remember (back in my day) when boss fights were challenging, really challenging, to the point that when you get to them there’s a slight feeling of dread at the beginning of every boss fight and a sigh of relief once you finally beat them. But in DMC you get to the stage that when you see a boss health bar you just see it as another monster that just takes a bit longer to dispatch."
76561198126418556,Recommended,220440,34995893,Posted: 16 September,all,SpikeOfWar,"I love this game!!! It's so stupidly awesome that I forgot to put on my pants and bra, lol jk I'm a male gender with the vup size that is called a packs"
,Recommended,220440,7364457,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Euphoria Morning,"My best buy of this year so far.Great action, amazing graphics, really smooth, beautiful animation quality, really exciting story.Just when you would get bored with it, you can start to play Vergil's Downfall, which is not only a DLC, it's a whole new story."
,Recommended,220440,32454804,Posted: 15 June,all,Y1ppee,Awesome music Hack n Slash combos to infinity
,Not Recommended,220440,28969017,Posted: 2 January,all,Rexenexus,"DmC: Devil May Cry featuring Donte™ from the terrible abomination of a remake of a fantastic action series.Let's start with the """"""positives"""""".+ Gameplay is quite fun purely as a normal everyday action game.+ Switching your sword's mode quickly with the Triggers feels pretty good in the midst of combat.+ The level design has neat platforming segments where everything twists and turns and it's actually kinda cool.+ It's a lot easier to upgrade and aquire new moves.+ The Bob Barbas boss fight is the most genuinely cool moment in the game.Now let's get to the absolutely irredeemable and completely degenerate negatives.- This game is a b*stardization of the Devil May Cry series, if you are a fan you will absolutely despise playing this.- The story is some of the worst sh*t I've ever seen in a game. It's so generic, predictable, cringy, EDGY, and horrible.- Donte is an unlikable edgy d-bag fuccboi who only appeals to 14 year old troglodites who actually think he's cool. From his juvenile potty mouth dialog to his weak and unsure sword swing animations, it all just paints him as weak and inferior to good ol' Uncle Dante.- Vergil is a literal fedora trenchcoat wearing, weeb katana weilding, anonymous revolutionary piece of sh*t who is absolutely nothing like his original character.- Kat is completely useless compared to female characters like Lady or even TRISH.- The gameplay is literally dumbed down Devil May Cry gameplay where there's not even a lock-on where instead of analog stick inputs, it's reduced to lazy button combos.- The Style Meter is now ranked on damage instead of, ya know, STYLE.- Devil Trigger is so unsatisfying to use.- Every single weapon except the Ax, from the sword to the F*CKING WEAK SHOTGUN is so unsatisfying.- The mission ranks mean absolutely nothing in that it gives out S's and SSS's like candy when in previous DMC games, you'd only get an S rank for no damage and impressive style. This game rewards lazy play.- The final boss is SO INFERIOR TO PREVIOUS DMC FINAL BOSSES.4/10. The game itself is fun as an action game can be, but I cannot recommend this game when it's nothing more than an inferior version of much much MUCH better games. Please just go buy DMC3 or DMC4 instead of this edgy piece of sh*t. Save yourself."
,Not Recommended,220440,12084289,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Ƥrime ξvil  Ɓunny,"Well, first of all I play in Nephilim (hard mode) and the AI is so poor they wait you kill their friends to start come in the melee too, it makes fights sleepy and lacking of intensity since you almost don't have to escape, and well, if you die, who cares? You just start again with full life, indeed, it's cheaper to die than buy health, it's the first game rewarding death.Secondly, the plateforme system is so badly done it brings you years back in the past, especially after release of tomb raider 2013 that made plateforme goes smooth for once or regret former prince of persia. Décors are poor, the one of the nighclub level will ask you to play without sound and with sunglasses.Some items are useless like half of the weapons, and fact Dante became a half-angel/half-demon, well why not but charm was justly he was half demon only but this is not the problem. So far, the story could be interesting, taking in, but gameplay really makes regret former Devil May Cry 4 and the others, Dante's character is very well done, Vergil is a pleasure to see in another side but this game lack of greatness. We are fighting the demon king and we have to break in poor places like a nightclub, underground bases...It's sad they aimed for 12-15y old people cause despite some ideas are nice : demons controls medias and junks to sleep us but the boss are very easy to fight and you don't feel yourself like in a war against demons, just again a little mafia boss somewhere in the city ruling few clubs with a system of move that makes looks princes of persias like oversmooth games. They tried to make it in a fashion period where devils had to be hyped, modernized like the Castlevania 2 hard fail, but it just doesn't work or as a cover, until it brings you in a real big game with decorums, darkness and cynism.Ok, nowadays it looks cool to say some game is nice just because of the name especially helped trough bad games journalists, but this one is honnestly too much unfinished and badly done (one level decor is only colored cube you jump one, making looks like mgs ps1 training session for sober and well made) to be really granted as a good game despite some good ideas. I liked Tomb raider 2013 reboot but this one is really not a good thing."
76561198172869394,Recommended,220440,30904638,Posted: 2 April,all,Transformer52,"Dmc is honestly a game that  I never expected to love soo much. This game was bought buy me simply by browsing through my queue, I thought it would be good so I bought it. HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥MAN ITS NOT GOOD ITS A BLOODY PEICE OF ART. 100% reccommend it, its a must buy if u love murder and gore games."
,Recommended,220440,12867331,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Codrin Bradea : Satana,"I fell in love with the DMC series. I just finished this one too, it was a great experience. I don't mean to be a spoiler ♥♥♥♥♥, but I can't wait for the next one. It cannot end like this."
,Recommended,220440,24040078,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ChiperM,"""Mimimi, they changed his hair, now it sucks!""No it doesn't.Probably the best one in the series"
,Recommended,220440,10818132,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,slucid,A fun game where you kill tons of demons
76561197991102784,Recommended,220440,29319217,Posted: 17 January,all,SS DukeNukem,"I have played this game on and off and I finally am getting the time to write a nice review about it. My background isn't as as versed in the DMC games but i have played all of them to a certain degree. I loved the problem solving and the art of the game. This game took a different route than the other games but still remains honorable to the old games. I played this game at my friend's house on the xbox and when i got home I instantly got it. So here goes my review;I LOVE THIS GAME and would recommend it to any of my friends. I WISH they had a multiplayer or coop version of the story. This is probably a game I will play for a very long time on and off. After finishing the story I was HOOKED on playing Bloody Palace DLC (worth every penny) and always tested my combos to reach the final stage. Bloody Palace in itself will keep you there for a good hour (if you last for a while) but if you keep dying it can be frustrating. Just practice and you will get it! HAVE I MENTIONED THE MUSIC?! OH...MY....Couldn't have been a better match with the soundtrack the game has.I can't find a con to this game. I guess...maybe....the story of Vergial could be developed and was undertold? Maybe there can be a prequal to the game by showing exactly what happened to the parents? I have no idea how to say anything negative. Hm, maybe the only con would be it wasn't as much as a ""problem solver"" as the other games.So as a listPros:-Amazing visuals-Fast Pace-Amazing soundtrack-Fluid movements-Challenging on high difficulties-Story absolutely replayableCons:-NADARecommend?! Um..... YES 100%. The only thing i can say is for people who are squeemish or don't like the type of art shown in the game you won't like it. Those who used to play Onimusha or the old DMC games, this all for ya."
,Recommended,220440,1438132,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Green Bastard,"Fantastic game with a lot of replayability, though the story plays out in only about 6-7 hours depending on difficulty. I'd recommend getting it when it shows up in a sale."
,Recommended,220440,16732413,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Lunisford,"They know how to please me.I know out to rate a game.This game is good.I rate them good.This game,without the old mess of the white hair.Proved that DMC doesn't really need the original Dante.Fast action passed game twisted with half mind blowing story(Lil bit out of mind tho)If you like games that are GORY,HARD,LONG.Then it is your game.Dante will stay dante,young or old."
,Recommended,220440,21988781,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,"Son GokuSSJ2, 13 ^;^ Begrezen;)","PLMoim zdaniem najlepsza część serii z powodu ciekawych broni, trybów rozgrywki, zróżnicowanych lokacji. Drobny minus dlc jest spoko , ale za krótkie. Powinno być więcej bossów w grze ;) 10/10ENGIn my opinion the best part of the series because of interesting weapons, game modes, different settings. Fine minus dlc is cool, but too short. There should be more bosses in the game;) 10/10"
76561198008916436,Recommended,220440,19040284,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Legalize crystal weed,"Took about 10 hours to complete the main story on the next to hardest difficulty. tried it out with both mouse & keyboard aswell as with an xbox controller. The controller was to be preferred but that is expected. However, the mouse and keyboard work surprisingly well for this game.This is also one of the best ports I've ever played. I cranked everything as high as it could go and still ran at a solid 200fps+ which is more than you can say about most ports these days.I've always been a fan of spectacle fighters and I enjoyed this one alot. It is one of the better ones in recent time for sure. However, some hardcore fans of the earlier DmC games might disagree. But if you're a PC guy like me and want a solid spectacle fighter - This is where its at."
76561198122498907,Recommended,220440,13537128,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Furflyer,"Wow, this game gets ALOT of hate.Dante looks different, sure,But the combat is smoother than ever,The characters are all memorable,And God Damn That soundtrack.Seriously,I'm a loooooonnnggg time fan of the DmC series,And this may be a bit different from the others,But It was worth every cent.So avoid the hate!Give it a try! :)"
76561198108022394,Recommended,220440,17394802,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Knight,"This game is completely underrated. Coming from a hardcore Devil May Cry fan who plays the games too much, it is a good game to step into for newcomers as well as old fans (unless you are butthurt). Combat is great (I hate people who nit pick about how its not as good as DMC4), story is great. Character development is great. Level design is phenomenal. Worth every penny.I don't know why Capcom Japan decides it is always best to start with a clean slate with games though, considering the last installment of the classic DMC games was the best-selling game in the series. However, this game is definitely worth a shot."
,Recommended,220440,9769206,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Bou,New Dante or old Dante? I don't care. The game is good.
,Recommended,220440,34878505,Posted: 11 September,all,Ghost29,Awesome Story......Fun to play
76561198154014719,Recommended,220440,22269262,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,500Series,"Explains alot about how demons operate in our society, also you can lay waste to fools..."
76561198027713442,Recommended,220440,31209070,Posted: 17 April,all,Scissorman,"Finally went back and finished this after it had been in my backlog for a long time. DmC Devil May Cry, the remake done by Ninja Theory back in 2013 is a badass package. Screw the haters, this is without question the best Devil May Cry game ever. Great level design, creative and wicked intense boss battles, smooth and more user-friendly gameplay, good sense of humor, and an awesome story. The game also isn't as punishingly difficult as previous entries, making it easier to get in and enjoy the game without having to memorize a million combos and maneuvers to survive. My only real complaint is that the main game is pretty short (only 20 missions which can take anywhere from 2 to 15 minutes to complete) but there are plenty of unlockable bonus missions and difficulties. I hope Ninja Theory gets a second shot at the series, cause I had a blast from beginning to end with DmC."
,Recommended,220440,13564425,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Ashl3y,"Amazing game. I loved it. Even though my recently gay friend was crazy about it (He was turned gay by vergil) I was having second thoughts about buying it, but it was totally awesome."
76561198295766250,Recommended,220440,22193290,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Turbo52,OMG!!I love this game so  much and i just cannot stop!!!!!
,Recommended,220440,22229253,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,ShadowDragon000,I don't much care for remake Dante but the gameplay is solid enough.
,Recommended,220440,22242704,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Reeze The Vampire,"I like to keep my reviews short and sweet, and I'll keep to that. DMC is a game with a pretty simple, but likeable story, decent characters and development, a good twist, excellent writing, and incredible combat. The game has fast, aggressive combat with weapons that are easily switched in an instant, and awesome combos. There is also great design, with really cool level design, bright colors, and really good indicators during combat. The game can also be pretty challenging sometimes, if you're looking for that. Overall, this game is wickedly fun, and I highly recommend it."
76561198042677210,Recommended,220440,22261859,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ghøstly,A solid balanced game that is fun to play... enough said :S
76561198028577649,Recommended,220440,22227571,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Boblackson34,Buy it
,Recommended,220440,24046563,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,bo77om,"во первых - топовый саунд для такого слешера.второе - крипота, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ота и пафосные два ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥а - годно.третье - это херовый DMCчетвертое -10 ""f-u-c-king demons"" outta 10."
,Recommended,220440,24036840,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[FNC][KT] Eugene Nick,First DMC game I played. Fun AF with a pretty decent story. Far easier than older DMC games.
76561198362251553,Recommended,220440,29500839,Posted: 26 January,all,SaltTap,Old but gold.
,Recommended,220440,5701932,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,ｓｃ ｎ,"gameplay, themesong, story98/100 INSANE GAME"
,Recommended,220440,8576798,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lilithnerevar,"I have played both DMC3 and DMC4 on PC, and I was in total love with the series, DMC3 is one of my most favourite games of all time. When I saw this new emo Dante at first I was totally refusing to even touch this game. Where is my beautiful white haired Dante, did Ninja Theory give in to the ""hip""? Then again there was a sale on Steam, and I said what the hell I give in... I'm so grateful I did. This game is in my top 3 of this year. What I have to emphasize is the awesome control, I have not met any game where the control was so fine-tuned and fluent, the combat is incredibly enjoyable. The story is the usual, side-characters are a bit shallow, but the witty humor of Dante is there, which is the most important for me, and the brotherly energy with Vergil. The music is not exactly my type, but I got a bit of love for it during playing. Lastly, the visuals. This game looks gorgeous, the different levels' desing is interesting enough to make you want to proceed until you drop.  I highly recommend it, even to old-school DMC-fans."
,Recommended,220440,4655774,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Henry Master,"O gráfico está espetacularO enredo está muito bomOs comandos estão simples fácil de execultarA Lengenda tá muto show de bola, nao foi feita por gringos como é o acaso do AC3Enfim, superaram as expectativas dos ""incoformados"" com certeza, vale cada Centavo!!!Recomendo sim!!!"
,Recommended,220440,8530239,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TiaStreams,Stupidly fun game. Exactly what you'd expect from the DMC series. 9/10Only problem is Dante's stupid haircut.
,Recommended,220440,9874743,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,[Epic!]killy,Really nice game. I could not stop until i finished it...but i never returned after to it...
,Recommended,220440,34107814,Posted: 8 August,all,Alba6rek,"As normal player didnt play old Devil May Cry.This game was very good.Hack and slash action game that will bring out the anger that is inside u.u will have 4 weapones and everyone of them have tree skill (not deep)-------------play this game for fun.but if u are old DMC veteran. you probably will hate this game.NOTE FOR SMART PPL:  i finished the game ""Offline"" and steam didnt count my offline playing so ignore this 4hrs play time."
76561198054741318,Not Recommended,220440,31533523,Posted: 3 May,all,mikku3,"Fun combat and action are made unfair by lousy camera positioning and lag (console port). When you jump off a ledge slightly in the wrong direction you cannot correct your flight path and so you fail. When dodging enemies the same thing happens, too much time is spent wrestling with the scenery. When 2 buttons are needed, one has to be pressed slightly before the other. Only buy on sale."
76561198098446171,Recommended,220440,9639776,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Rare Hunter Tenebrae,"I’ll answer the big question right off the bat and save some time. That question being is this a good DMC game? The answer to that is no it is not. Does that make it a bad game? Not at all, in fact it is a great game and I loved it. As a result I feel that amount of backlash and hate it got was mostly unjustified. With that said I would recommend it to anyone on the fence about buying it. Whether you are an advent DMC player like me or someone who is looking for a new experience. Overall it’s an 8.5/10Below are more detailed reviews for those who want to know more.___________________________________________________________________For those new to the series:This game is a reboot to the series, not a continuation from DMC 4 or any other game. If you try to go back in the series expecting to see edgy Dante you are going to be horribly lost. Even though I do recommend this game I strongly recommend starting with DMC 3 or 4.Pros:>Visually stunning graphics and levels> Fluid game mechanics and combo system that is extremely satisfying when fighting> Variety of weapons and gadgets for stringing together combos or just fooling around (personal favorite is using the sticky dart to mess with low rank enemies)> The concept of demons integrating into modern society and controlling mankind through media and soft drinks is a funny and refreshing idea to the series.>Moves can be practiced in the item shop before being purchased and can be refunded for new moves. Allowing for a high level of customization freedom.> Great amount of enemy variety> Has a good degree of replay value.> You can punch Bill O’Reilly in the face.For those returning:>	The combat feels similar to past installments>	Guns are more viable during combat with a wider range of upgrades>	Weapon and character upgrades are now dependent on your overall rating during gameplay making it all the more rewarding to get that SSS ranking during combos (They aren’t given out like candy but given in moderation).>	Secret missions can be accessed from the mission menu when they are unlocked.Cons:>	The story is horrible and feels like it was ripped offanfic.net>	The humor is overly ribald and unnecessary.>	Boss battles are pretty simplistic and too easy.>	Color coded enemies become frustrating and interrupt combos frequently>	The game glitches at times and causes Dante to get stuck in either angel weapon mode or devil weapon mode forcing the player to restart from a checkpoint.>	Voice acting is subpar with the exception of Vergil’s voice actor.>	The ophion weapon whips can be unresponsive at times during platform sections.>	There is no lock on button meaning that Dante will be stuck fighting the first thing he sees.For those returning:>      Chances are if you're coming off from a past installment you'll be dropping your combos often.>	Characters feel out of place and don’t do their predecessors justice.>	Combo system and boss battles feel extremely dumbed down.>	Devil trigger feels like a slap in the face as Dante doesn’t turn into a demon but rather a white haired version of himself.>	In order to do secret missions we now need keys to open the doors that hold them.>	Bloody palace has to be downloaded separately.The biggest complaint I have as a returning players is that the reboot was unnecessary and that the concept and mechanics could have been implemented in a sequel instead with original dante or even nero."
,Recommended,220440,9817833,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Zealot,"For someone who is now a huge fan of DMC 3 and 4, I don't see where all the hate comes from in regards to DmC: Devil May Cry. My best guess in most cases is due to the fact that fans desperately wanted DMC5 (which I totally understand) and didn't receive what they'd been hoping for.DmC retains the same fast paced combat and stylish combos from the previous game, but has undergone some changes which make it distinct and quite different. Combat is much faster this time around, and arguably a ton more fluid. It looks great on the unreal engine and has what I consider to be an interesting artistic design. A newly composed soundtrack in combination with the quick and flashy combat makes for a lot of fun. Honestly, it made me feel 'cool'.Anyways, this is a solid game in its own right, but not a solid DMC game in the traditional sense. It's very similar, but it's different and changed in ways that hardcore fans of the originals will not appreciate. That being said, if you're fairly open to having fun and enjoying an actiony hack and slash type game, then I'd recommend giving this a go. It's not as replayable or skill based as previous DMC games, but it will give you a solid couple hours of fun. The DLC with Vergil is a nice challenge, and entertaining due to giving a new playstyle."
,Not Recommended,220440,12397441,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,AssassinGlasgow,"While I am choosing to not recommend this game, I'd rather this review be seen as a ""Meh"" or ""Average."" DmC hits many things really well, and then falls flat on its face in others. I would like to preface by saying that I haven't played the original DMC games, but I have played Hideki Kamiya's Bayonetta, so my comparison will be based a bit around that.By now, it should be well known that this reboot's Dante is a black haired, foul mouthed early twenty-or-something troublemaker. While a big problem is how he compares to the original Dante, for this review I'll mostly be looking at the reboot as its own series separate from Kamiya's. So how does this Dante hold up as his own character? He's not necessarily a bad character. He displays growth, and becomes less bull headed and more concerned for others such as Kat. Some of his lines and actions are actually really good too, with his attitude being a perfect contrast for some of the serious guys there such as Vergil (in one particular scene, he answers Vergil with a shrug and ""So what?"" when Vergil brings up the idea of freeing the citizens). Dante exemplifies the punk movement, which is what he (and to an extent the society around him) was based off of, and I think he does a good job with it.That isn't to say he's thebestcharacter ever written, but he was the best in this game, as all the other character become really boring and flat to follow. Vergil is written awkwardly, with a shallow emotional spectrum to accompany him; essentially, he is our exposition machine. Kat is so flat I don't even know what she was doing in there. She does something action wise, but personality wise I can barely remember what her personality was after finishing the game 10 minutes ago - it'sthat bad. Mundus and his minions are all stereotypical demonic villains, looking to rule the world. Nothing about the writing sticks out, and many attempts at banter or funny one liners fail and just sound awkward. The voice acting for Dante is the best most of the time, but there are still a few parts when his voice actor seems to be new and they didn't go for a second take.The game does shine when it comes to its art direction, its music, and its combat system. The art, with the contrasts for Limbo and the original city, are great to see, and the music was cool to listen to as I'm slashing away at demons. One thing to note is that, if you don't like punk, or growling vocals, then this soundtrack will not be for you. The combat itself is apparently dumbed down, from what I hear, but it's not a bad thing for new players. I personally don't play much hack-n-slash so this was a good thing for me, I think, but I can see some veterans becoming bored (in which case I recommend playing the hardest difficulties). When I played I never got anything below an A, on medium, so maybe this can indicate how difficult the game is. It was still very satisfying combat, especially when it came to the harder to kill enemies, and getting those combos were awesome.However, I did find that there seemed to be a delay between inputting button commands, as many times I went to strike and wanted to dodge an incoming enemy attack, but I had to wait at least half a second to a second for my input to actually register as dodge. This can be annoying and especially frustrating on harder enemies. Furthermore, this game has a lot of platforming, more than I expected, which can be annoying at times; it also has a lot of cutscenes, sometimes with only a tiny element of gameplay (moving Dante to the next point) involved, which can be annoying as well if you want to get straight into the action. There's also no lock-on button, which can be absolutely bothersome combined with a frozen camera (see below).Some minor gripes: I played on a controller, and often times the camera would lock up and prevent me from spinning it, resulting in me getting hit by enemies. I'm not sure if playing with a KB+M is better, but I heard it is decent. Also, in comparing to the original DMC games, I wish this Dante would flourish his weapons each time he got them, but alas, Ninja Theory did not do that.Overall, DmC is certainly not a bad game gameplay and art wise, but the story is horrid. I recommend purchasing it on sale, and only if you're interested in the combat. If you like story based games, this one is not written well and will possibly disappoint you."
,Not Recommended,220440,19736881,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ben Swagpiro,"If you liked the original Devil May Cry series, prepare to be disappointed.Rubbish combat system:1) Hold left trigger or right trigger to use either weapon, just remember to let go of them when you wanna use your UNDERPOWERED ebony and ivory2) No lock on, making combat even more sloppy and more about button tap rhythms3) Specific weapons for specific enemies, have fun using the right and left trigger!4) Despite all the flaws with the combat, you will rack up a high stylish rank with ease!Terrible story/characters:1) Dante is a brooding arrogant teen, not a slightly camp and charmingly arrogant badass.2) Story is REALLY cliché, Dante is now a half angel, half demon (snore)3) THE CORPORATIONS, DEMONS, HURRRR4) Characters take themselves seriously like in every sub-par disaster film from hollywoodDon't buy this game if you have a fondness of the Devil May Cry series, I beg you. If you were born at the end of the nineties or later, you may like this game as you have probably been critical of games for far less time than my cynical self."
,Recommended,220440,14063069,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Mitch13pavel,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1xFRKAUX64DMC Devil May Cry has certainly been the victim to a bunch of hate, some of it warranted, but most of it just nitpicky and unnecessary. If you go into this game with an open mind and are aware that is a reboot and a reimagining of the tale of Dante then you will be more than able to thoroughly enjoy yourself, However if you go into it expecting Devil May Cry 5 then you will be sadly disappointed.The game still focuses on the stringing together fast paced, brutal combos in an action-oriented combat that system that were so prominent in the previous entries. And the game still offers the style ranking system based on how well you perform in combat. But while the game still focuses heavily on the two key components that made the franchise famous…It does make them incredibly more “accessible” to players who have never played any of the previous entries, which wouldn’t be a bad thing seeing as the game offers seven different difficulty levels, However only three are unlocked from the start of the game and all three are simple enough where you can easily breeze through and get “Savage” or better on most levels. So unless you truly want to get some form of challenge from the game you’ll have to do a few play-throughs of the game before you really find yourself struggling to chain together a good enough combo to actually feel proud of yourself when you hear the omnipresent announcer proclaim “Savage!”. The oversimplification isn’t all bad, the game does offer incredibly streamlined controls that allow for lengthy combos to be chained together while swapping through all 8 weapons and both grappling hooks on the fly without any obstructive interface or item swapping. The natural feel provided from the streamlined controls is easily one of the game’s greatest features.Besides the dumbed down difficulty and scoring system the game is also hindered by its generic level and enemy design. None of the design in the game feels new or fresh; it’s just a bunch of dark, glum, narrow corridors with hordes of the same bland enemies with some fairly enjoyable platforming elements sprinkled in between. Not only are the designs of both the enemies and levels bland, but the main characters themselves are also both predictable, and flat. This isn’t the bias hate rambling of a fan-boy who’s♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they changed Dante’s hair color, I’m honestly fine with the appearance of all the characters, even the new Emo Dante, but the game does offer plenty of alternative skins for those who are too turned off by the emo vibe.The visuals of the game are another one of the games strong points, offering easily some of the best visual graphics to come out of a Capcom game to date. And the game is certainly a solid PC port, during my playthroughs of the game I managed to stay well over 100fps without any dips that could potentially interfere with the fast paced combo chaining combat.  The soundtrack of the game is honestly a hit or miss based on your view of how you feel about Electronic Body Music, as the soundtrack consists primarily of the band Combichrist, I personally enjoy it however to each their own.After hearing the review thus far you would probably expect me to poorly rate the game, but its actually quite the opposite. Despite all of the complaints and flaws that this game has, it somehow manages to get passed all of that and provide an experience that is genuinely fun. If you look at the game you can easily pick apart the design flaws and nerfed difficulty, but even with all the flaws, DMC Devil May Cry proves to be an excellent game with strong enough legs to stand on its own and not be judged based on the previous entries in the franchise….because that’s the whole point of a reboot, to break away from the past and become something new. So don’t let the look of the game turn you off, pick up a controller and play through the game on the hardest difficulty you can and experience the beauty of the fast paced, stylish, streamlined, chaotic fun that you will have.http://noobsthatplaygames.com/"
76561198010098984,Not Recommended,220440,15244919,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rheimus,"SummaryI like this game but it could have been so much better as a child of the DMC franchise.My RantThis game would have been much better served by being a stand alone title rather than attaching itself to the DMC franchise.The game itself is great in most areas, I hated the colour coded enemies, they really brought the combat to a halt.The stylish ratings felt too easy to obtain aswell(this is due to my experience with the previous titles).I loved the new ways of getting around and the angel/demon crossover theme, however the angels were somewhat unexplained as new additions to the franchise.Overall, this game was ruined for me by being devil may cry(and by having a total tosser for a protaganist). I would have been perfectly happy to play it it again if I wasn't constantly getting the nostalgia knife to the face."
76561198005295087,Not Recommended,220440,8339866,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dread_First,"This game is Okay, but really just that. The combat is fine, though a little boring, probably because of the lack of different combos, the weapons are okay, but a little generic (they have the exact same combos as your sword, one is just heavy and hits hard, and the other is fast and AoE), and you're forced to use certain weapons on certain enemies, but that's acceptable I guess. The thing that really turns me off about this game is the huge amount of platforming sections in a game that's supposed to be focused on combat, the jump doens't feel great, the airglide doens't feel great, and half the time there's a fixed camera angle that makes the platforming more tedious than fun. Overall this game is probably fine for someone who isn't farmilliar with the genre, and has some interest in it, but playing this game after playing Bayonetta, this feels like baby's first character action game."
,Not Recommended,220440,9077662,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Rylen,I love Devil May Cry games but this one... Hmmm I just cant really bring my self to play it for very long. I feel like they are trying WAY to hard with this game...or not trying hard enough it's hard to tell. I honestly wouldn't recommend buying this game till they drop the price down. The graphics for the game definitely didn't help in my case. I feel as if some one took paper Mario style 2D characters and then some how inflated the character to make them into 3D.
76561198087531779,Not Recommended,220440,9576335,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,thebigg1985,A fun game for a bit but missing something and like everything these days a remake. Unlike how Christopher Nolan saved comic book movies for everyone this game missed out on that. If it aint broke it should never be fixed.
,Recommended,220440,12999263,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,JACKED BY K,i just buyed this game last night and i finis it to day good ending too 5/5 but its up to u its what everyrating u give it ok all an all enjoy the game :)
,Recommended,220440,10785272,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LordFahrenheit,"A good game for the non DMC series fanatic (And if you are then you are probably off cursing Ninja Theory and Capcom somewhere on a message board in japan). Most of the negativity for this game comes from previous DmC fans who absolutely refuse change. I have personally been playing Dmc since the original (have a copy in my desk right next to me :cwat:) The only one I haven't played is 2. That being said yeah, It's different, but it is truly an enoyable hack n' slash action game.Pros:-Surprisingly decent storyline, Not Squeenix quality... But good enough.-Combat: Good 8/10, It has a wider range of weapons that can be used creatively and fit better to a play style resulting in enjoyable combat. I have my complaints some of them being that the devil trigger is now a next to useless feature and the guns are even less effective as combat tools as they were... be that as it may, the melee combat is superb.-Gameplay: 7/10 Above average, The smooth gameplay is ridged with average linear level design giving you deja vu 20 times before the end of the mission, and the difficulty is definitely easier (I remember the days when you had to work to get the double jump ability), but overall the gameplay is nice and the interaction and dynamics of the levels make it a positive experience.-Art: 8.75/10 Goodish Great, Grafitti is not really my style, however the art was fantastically done. Much brighter than past games and much more colorful. While some people like the pure gothic artistry of old, I prefer not to stare at grey walls for an entire 31 hr story based game. In game graphics are good quality.Cons-Character Development: Let's just say this dante, while at times can have good character enlightenment, is mostly a 15 year old kid who just filled out his profanity lexicon. The ""bad boy"" theme is way too overdone to the point that it is a pile of swearing and rude gestures on top of an ego obssessed frat boy. I found myself more interested in the development of the side/main character Kat. I'm not going to start on Virgil because spoilers however potential was lost.Middle Ground:-Music: While not my choice, there was still some death metal battle themes and that's all I expected.tl;dr It's a good game, pick it up on a sale for some good old fashion hack n' slash fun"
,Not Recommended,220440,14956370,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,MGN001,"Poor combat, unlikable characters, and a story that takes itself way too seriously are reason enough to not play this game. If you want good combat, play DMC4. It's got style-switching!"
,Not Recommended,220440,34323847,Posted: 18 August,all,freyjaFX,"I know how insanely popular this, and the whole series are. However, in the tiny time I started to play, the QTE was an instant turn-off. More wasted money. Regardless of whether you think I am ""right"" or ""wrong"" - I'll never buy a game that doesn't have some kind of test/demo again. I understand why people pirate with the intent of ""try before you buy"" - I haven't done that - but I sure do understand the motivation.In summary, if you like being doomed to reply over and over till you get the perfect timing with the QTE - you'll love this... if not: not one bit."
,Recommended,220440,12986361,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Dr. Perry Cox,Devil May Cry if you don't purchase this game!
76561198010896720,Recommended,220440,13657736,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MajorTahm,"I think this game gets many bad reviews from the DMC community because of the 'New Dante.' I have not played the older games, but I have watched DMC3 and the anime. I understand where they are coming from...BUT this is a GAME review, not a Dante review!I don't use any controller plugin, so combat was somewhat funky getting used to. After remapping the Angel and Demon weapons to my mouse, my experience was definitely changed for the better.Combat felt rewarding, and it would get to the point I wish I could fight enemies endlessly (Bloody Palace DLC).The story was good, but the dialogue could have used a bit of a touch-up. There were many scenes I was left thinking""Well OK then!""But viewing this game as a separate universe from the originals, I thought it fit well to the characters.There are several difficulties to replay the story on, and a slew of upgrades to purchase for Dante's Weapons.For those butthurt about the new Dante, it's time to move on.8/10"
76561198052711483,Recommended,220440,14247087,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Listener,Best combat system I've seen in a while. Excellent soundtrack. Definitely a great addition to any Hack and Slash library
,Recommended,220440,7685933,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,yamalight,Damn good spectacle fighter. Love the genre? Get it.
,Recommended,220440,8685221,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Azraelity,"This Ladies and Gentlemen... is a Masterpiece !Ninja Theory did an awsome Job here:- great storyline- epic level design (exploding and reforming Levels)- insane soundtrack (i love Combichrist)- amazing voice acting- smooth and fast gameplay mechanics (8 weapons, a lot of moves and combos)- more than enough replay value (different difficulties, many unlockables, achievements, DLC)I loved the original DmC's, but i have to say this one is my new favorite !I recommand this to DmC newcomer as well as to Fans of the older DmC's !"
,Not Recommended,220440,9127113,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Violett,"I didnt find any paticular intresting here. Nothing special, I didnt get a plot - is there some? Camera is bad, controls are bad, graphics is bad. Dont buy it, waste of time."
,Recommended,220440,13701312,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Pazzer97,"Good game, although it's 2slow5me"
,Recommended,220440,9071214,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Pevey,"I am new to the DmC franchise, so I don't have an opinion on this game as a sequel.  But viewing it as a standalone game and without specific expectations, I'm finding it a joy to play.  I'm not the biggest fan of the popular genre of action games with pretty graphics, but this one really stands out.  The combat, though fairly categorized as ""hack-and-slash,"" is very satisfying.  The responsiveness of the controls and the fluid feel of the combos make for a visceral experience that is more enjoyable than with any other action game I've played. Added to that gameplay element is the artfulness of the story and graphic design.  I was skeptical on this front when I bought the game since I'm not really into Goth or anything like that.  But the artistry on display here just won me over.  You really have to play the game to understand what I mean on this subject.  The cutscenes, the sound, the art style--everything in this game comes together in a way that makes it more than the sum of its parts.  Kudos to Capcom."
76561198215019496,Recommended,220440,18268973,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,JustJack6,"I'm gonna start by stating my ""controversial"" opinion on the franchise; I have played and hated every moment of the first Devil May Cry and played tidbits of the others. If you go through my reviews you'll notice a pattern with Capcom games. I hate them. For various reasons I hate them. It's mostly their terrible attempt at Americanizing their games (I always loved Onimusha 2 becuase it's Japanese and feels like it. It doesn't feel like it's forcing itself to be Japanese). The original Dante was less likeable than this guy, mostly because he didn't have a personality to like. While the new Dante doesn't start off too likeable and if you go by just his appearance (which I imagine most of the Devil May Cry-babies have done) he does come off as a bit of an arrogant prick. In fact that doesn't really change but as the game goes on you get to see his human side as well as the devilish side, I didn't think I'd say this when I started it but he is a great character. His brotherly interactions with Vergil are amusing and I imagine quite familiar for anyone with a brother.The story itself isn't earth-shatteringly amazing but it is good and more importantly it's well done. The graphics are nice, especially if you can handle Ultra which you should be able to do, my pc is currently a hunk o' junk and can pretty much run it. The whole Limbo thing is pretty awesome and the level design in general is good. Certainly better than the previous Capcom titles as it features no backtracking whatsoever which I hate with a burning passion. At no point did I get bored of this game. The story mode took me about 14 hours and anyone who thinks that's too short can fornicate themselves with an iron stick, especially if the game has good replay value. There's a New Game+ mode so you can go back and get some of the secrets you couldn't the first time round (I think you can do this at this at any point just be redoing a level after you've aquired the right stuff) with you're fancy new gear and give yourself a bit more of a challenge at the same time. Some people argue that they've ""dumbed down the combat"" but the way I see they've simplified it to make it more intuitive and fluid and the bosses are much less of a grind/colossal pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥that take all the fun out of life.The soundtrack is just awesome, Combichrist and NOISIA (Vision backwards/upside down, you can thank me later) make the action sequences feel so much more electric and even the tense or mellow parts. It's just the perfect soundtrack to this kind of game, although that's probably debatable but then what isn't?All in all this is a good hack'n'slash with good acting, a decent story and character develpoment, an awesome soundtrack and good gameplay. Don't listen to the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off fans, they just hate because Dante. I sincerely hope this game gets a sequel."
,Recommended,220440,7856703,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Psychedelic Goat,"Really good game, great ending and a lot of fun to beat"
76561198021178494,Recommended,220440,12782780,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,St3ranko,"just as good as the originals, interesting new take on the story. definetly recommended."
76561198011292952,Not Recommended,220440,10667695,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Danisapancake,"ONLY REASON I BOUGHT IT BECAUSE THE KEYBOARD AND MOUSE CONTROLS ARE REALLY REALLY GOOD AND I NEVER PLAYED THESE TYPES OF GAMES.also the enviroment is coolBUT THOSE 2 ARE THE ONLY GOOD THINGS ABOUT THE GAMEThe story... words cannot express how bad the story is. Story shapes the characters and the characters are cringe-worthy, the voice acting is cringe-worthy. In fact the whole game is cringe-worthy. You have really cringy intro cutscenes for missions, then you get to destroy enemies easily for a while and whenever a cutscene happens you start throwing up. COMBAT IS TOO EASY.VERGIL. WITH A FEDORA. WHAT THE FFFFF.DON'T BUY THIS EVER UNLESS YOU WANT AN EASY FIGHTING GAME WITH REALLY GOOD KEYBOARD AND MOUSE CONTROLS"
,Recommended,220440,23355625,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lintangwening,"I love Devil May Cry series, i loved gameplay hack and slash because it's have fun game!i like story of Devil May Cry in about DMC - Devil May Cry, my first game DMC  on PS21. Devil May Cry (2001)2. Devil May Cry 2 (2003)3. Devil May Cry 3 Dante's Awakening/ Spesial Edition (2005)4. Devil May Cry 4 Special Edition (2008)5. DMC Definitive Edition (2013)I waiting for new chapter game Devil May Cry series....."
,Recommended,220440,12812379,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Danny Devito,Seriously though this game is the bee's knees.
,Recommended,220440,6229825,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Cherubrad,I'm in love
,Recommended,220440,8686058,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Trainer Gold,♥♥♥♥ YOU: THE GAME
,Recommended,220440,12943743,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ROADMAN,Whilst this game did follow a different path to the previous Devil May Cry games it is in no way any worse. Combat is diverse and fun. Albeit a bit short in terms of story it doesn't make it any less fun or rewarding. 8/10
,Recommended,220440,10423945,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Big Funni,The combat hits hard like a wombat. The story is borey like a door. The upgrades are up high and graded. The graphics look as if someone made them for a game. Music isnt as good as Rules of Nature.7/10: Seven out of Ten
,Recommended,220440,14577503,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Stork,"Enjoyable game. Good gameplay, decent story and awesome grahics.Definitely recommend it!"
76561198038481175,Recommended,220440,7740721,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Raziel,The best Devil may Cry I ever Played!The history is way more adult and the way they put the new Dante to come from a shity rebel to a hero is perfect!The gameplay is amazing and is easy to learn how to play. Perfect level design and all!Forget about this fanboy prejudice and PLAY!I recommend
76561198043515862,Not Recommended,220440,14156266,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Hungry Wizard,"in this game you play as EDGY the half demon, half human, half angle. You dont care about the world UNTIL a chick you just meet changes your mind in like 5 seconds. Your brother is a NICE GUY with a fedora to prove it.Hey, at least it has no sewer level."
,Not Recommended,220440,12220218,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,SovRain,"Now that I've had time to play it away from the anger of not having silver hair I have come to a real conclusion on this game. It's an 'eh'. Hidden behind beautiful environments and a fine premise is a combat system which in any game would be 'fine'. Here the approach to fighting is entirely dictated by the game and not the player. Enemy has a shield? You pretty much have to use your grabber to take it off them. Enemy is a specific colour? Well I hope you like the maximum two weapons that will hurt them then, because otherwise you're ♥♥♥♥ed laddy. Also the dodge mechanic. Now in DMC4 there was a similar skill which allowed for perfect last minute dodging and that worked fine because it could cut through your combos and allow you to escape. Here if you've fired up one of your slow attacks (all your red weapons) and you see something about to hit you, there's nothing you can do about it. You're stuck swinging this big ♥♥♥♥ off axe. This may not be such a problem if the game wasn't limited to 30fps where every frame counts and you've got to hit the right one to get away. In previous DMC games we had choice. We could string together any combination of moves, weapons and style to get what we wanted. They weren't always successful against everything but then we learnt to adapt. Here you are given no such freedom. You do exactly what the game wants and if you don't you get♥♥♥♥♥♥on. Bosses have huge glowing weak spots to wail on, overly telegraphed attacks and the platforming sections weren't fun when DMC3 did it. There is no quick thinking to be done, because if you're not thinking at the game's speed then you'll just end up frustrated. I want to enjoy it, I really do. But I can't stand more than a (incredibly short) mission at a time."
,Recommended,220440,12194832,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ayako Ari,"DmC Devil May Cry is a reboot to the popular video game series by CapcomThe Reboot was developed by Ninja Theory and they did do a good job, unless you ask the fan boys, which have their heads so far stuck up their arses, they don't realize it's actually a nice change. If This Dante was older maybe it would be a valid opinion.Gameplay wise it's fast paced hack and slash action full of combos and ""♥♥♥♥ing demons"" to bash your way through the simple Story.(but better then the other DMC stories)Graphics The game looks good for what it is. I like how the game actualy runs well on high settings on my terrible laptop.The Story is re written more human society version of the first game with Mundus being the Antagonist again but this time he acts as a ""Human"" ruler who rules the world in debt.I don't like in the credits though how much Ninja Theory promotes themselves they even put themselves above capcom, which isn't right since the game is owned by capcom and all.t;'dr Dont put a stuck up fanboy and play it for what it is. its fun, the character is actually not bad at all.Note. Im lazy so i dont write properly HIHIHIHIHI"
,Recommended,220440,7390280,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,IceDoesnthelp,"I don't see the problem that everyone else had with this game. I enjoyed the living hell out of it, and had a damn good time.So from the words of DmC's Dante: ""♥♥♥♥ you"""
,Recommended,220440,9766296,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,LoudCore,dope. beat it
,Recommended,220440,8309687,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,RNGsus,"Hoestly, one of the sickest ♥♥♥♥ing games of all time. Nothing compares, it blows the other games out of the water. Getting a tattoo based on the game soon."
76561198047808190,Recommended,220440,12967172,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Zak,"I don't get why so many DmC fans hate this game, it seems to be mostly because it's not exactly like other games in the series, while this is a western take on the franchise, and therefore does not represent the original games. The plot and character development could have been played out better, but it's a hack and slash game, everyone is going to care much more about beating the hell out of enemies than worry about the story. I've heard complaints about it being too easy compared to the other games too, while once again it's a western version and 9/10 times a western release of a game is much easier than a japanese release, so I don't think you can really complain much about that.Overall I rather enjoyed the game and would definitely recommend it to my friends."
76561198050964797,Recommended,220440,5507354,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Allenspellwaver,"论核心程度，本作甚至不如《鬼泣4》，但是漂亮的画面，独特的画风，可信的世界观设定，以及设计合理、爽快又不失挑战性的战斗是本作竞争2013年最佳动作游戏的资本。唯一的败笔是主角们糟糕的配音。It's not a hardcore action game for sure. But DMC's beautiful graphic, unique art style, believable setting, and, which matters the most, well-designed, satisfying, but challenging combat really make the game a strong candidate for the best action game in 2013. The only downside is the voice acting of the main characters are always horribly out of place."
,Recommended,220440,15753479,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Doffy,"This May contain some spoilers so read at your own risk.Iv had this game sitting in my inventory for a while although I have currently played atleast 2 hours of this game, the graphics for a game from 2013 are spetacular and they wont get old as new games come out,This game has elements of old PS2 gaming with the ""lives or golden skulls"" which you don't find much anymore, the introduction of the game and cinamatics drew me in straight away wanting to know what's next and how it will end, i certianly will be playing this game more throughly and up date the review as i go on but all i will say.Half Angel Half demon 10/10.I Would reccomend buying a PC or  Xbox Controller to play as it's probabily more easier with the contolls."
,Recommended,220440,15894545,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,KONAN_g0d,Best combat system on any video game!!!! I guarantee!! even deeper than DMC4 and much more deeper than GOW series!! Well done!
76561198043468734,Recommended,220440,25047091,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Coolest Dude,"This game is my favourite in the series. It gets a lot of hate for reimagining a series so beloved by so many- but I am willing to bet none of those people have actually *played* this game. The system is exactly the same system we know and love- hack and slash, style combos, and a bunch of different weapons to test out on enemies.  Not to mention an amazing soundtrack.And Dante? Dante is the exact same cocky jackass we know and love. In fact, even more so. He dives fully into the lifestyle of debauchery that was always hinted at in previous games, and yet, never fully shown. No such qualms here- his life is presented in startling detail. His character, of course, develops to have better morals by the end of the game...while keeping that cocky, snarky outlook on life we all know and love.However, the story is really what shines, in my opinion. It is an antiestablishment story- a world controlled by demons, using mass-produced products and news. Sound familiar? In my mind, it's an artistic social commentary. The entire game is done up in this fantastic artsy grunge style.TLDR: Buy this game. Especially if you're an unbeliever. It is fantastic.Story: 9/10Graphics: 8/10Gameplay: 8/10Soundtrack: 10/10"
76561198032532474,Recommended,220440,11734345,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Robot Panda,"DmC is a visceral, fast paced game with meaty hack and slash combat mixed with some platforming here and there. Storywise is where DmC really caught me off guard. I went in not expecting much but a mindless murder spree of demons and a pun here and there however, I was pleasantly surprised by the competent story. All of this plus the awesome soundtrack that was a mesh of thrashmetal and house music performed by Combichrist makes for an awesome experience.Rating: 7.7/10"
,Recommended,220440,12096770,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Mayhem,Awesome game
,Recommended,220440,11580248,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,JimmyPage666,"I have to feel sorry for the poor souls who are in the room when the lead designer in a long running franchise utters that dreaded word; reboot. Whenever a well-loved series is started up again from scratch there seems to be an inevitable backlash from long term fans who hate the new direction, the design, the characters or whatever. DmC has taken this to a whole new level though, and I can’t say I’ve ever seen so much outrage directed at a game’s reimagining. The widespread verdict among long-time Devil May Cry fans has been incredibly negative. It’s not a Devil May Cry game. Exterminatus. Kill it with fire.Screw those guys; DmC is a damn good game. It’s not perfect by any means, but it’s damn good.If your sole connection to the previous games was Dante, you’re going to be disappointed. I like to think that there was more to them than a bloke in a red trench-coat though, no matter how cool or hot he was. DmC, like its predecessors, is committed to having superb gameplay, solid and thoroughly enjoyable combat as well as fitting in as much sheer absurdity as possible. Sure, Dante is a bit of a flat character. He’s arrogant, poorly written and seems to confuse wit for using as many f-words as possible. He also kicks monstrous amounts of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and it’s a hell of a lot of fun when he does just that.In our rebooted universe, humanity is being controlled by the subtle forces of the demon king Mundus. This take of 21st century western culture has us enslaved by our consumer culture, ignorance and greed, represented by not-coca cola, some big bank and what is most definitely FOX news. Yes, according to Ninja Theory, the spokesperson for the legions of hell is Bill O’Reilly. The satire is heavily applied and mostly clumsily executed, and though it elicited the occasional laugh it felt quite forced for the most part.Meanwhile, it’s up to our hero to, well, not really give a ♥♥♥♥ about any of that stuff. In fact, to begin with, all he does care about is getting his end away, though that changes somewhat when he meets his long lost brotherwho isn’t evil just yet. Now it’s up to him to save humanity and get revenge, putting a stop to Mundus’s plans.This is where the game’s core mechanic comes in. Combat is obviously central to DmC and is very well executed. Attacks are divided into the usual heavy/medium/fast categories, with some enemies being vulnerable to only one attack type. Combos chain together well and switching between attack types is effortless; easy to learn, difficult to master. Taking on a large group of varied enemies, blocking and dodging their attacks then dispatching them in a storm of axe and blades is immensely satisfying.That’s not to say combat is without flaw. I can certainly accept that the combo meter builds up too easily and getting an S rank is hardly an achievement and though the highest SSS rank is quite a challenge it doesn’t feel as difficult as it probably should do. There is a small amount of lag present, not enough for me to notice during my Nephilim playthrough, but it’s certainly noticeable by the time you get to the Dante Must Die difficulty. Another glaring omission is the lack of a lock button. Say you want to target those annoying flying things that keep on lobbing bombs at you but will die in a single hit? Tough luck, the auto aim will go for the nearest enemy, no matter how you try and aim. Finally, the Devil Trigger ability feels a bit lame; instead of allowing you to clear a room, it just gives you the drop on one or two enemies.The game is backed by a simply awesome soundtrack; it’s some sort of dub-metal that goes so damn well in a game like this. I can’t believe I just said “dub-metal” and “awesome” in the same sentence, but it sets the tone perfectly and really goes with the crazy combat. Dante’s animation, particularly in combat, is brilliant, fluid and convincing. The way he ducks and dances in combat, the way he attacks and just generally moves about is excellent in a way that’s rarely seen even in the mega bucks budget games of these days.Occasionally the game stops the demon killing for some platforming sections through the bizarre realms of limbo.  This is accomplished with familiar techniques; a double jump, the ability to fly for a couple of metres, as well as Dante’s special hookshot which has the ability to either move debris or pull him towards things. It’s during these sections that I first noticed some of the control issues I mentioned and while the platforming looked occasionally impressive, I never really warmed to it.Overall DmC is an excellently put together hack ‘n’ slash game with a crazy and absurd style, fantastic combat and some of the best boss fights I recall playing. There are a few flaws in the design aesthetic and certain technical aspects could do with a little polish but these are minor gripes when compared to the strengths of the game as a whole. It may not be as good as its predecessors, it’s most certainly not as good as Bayonetta, but it’s still a hell of a game.Final verdict:7/10Additional notes about DLC:There are a few bits of additional downloadable content, perhaps most predictably that of a classic skin for Dante (for an outrageous £2.99 mind you), as well as an additional few levels of gameplay in the form of Vergil’s Downfall. This allows you to take control of Vergil for a few hours, giving a new set of powers and some slightly different combos. It’s mostly quite familiar, though the combat is a little stiffer and Vergil feels rather more underpowered than Dante does. The story is boring as well, Vergil decides to become an emo and kill things, nothing more than that. It’s still a welcome expansion to the game and adds at least 3-4 hours. Given that the DLC has the same difficulty level selections as the main game, you may very well get a lot longer than that. Overall I’d give it a 6/10."
,Recommended,220440,8102284,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,WKUK FREAKY0_0,"I give this game a ""A+"" the only thing i didnt really care about was the campaign felt like the ending was rushed like crazy or maybe its just the fact that on consoles the dmc series games felt way longer then this 1 but still an amazing game lot of wepons which makes it easyer to gain those combos also the secret missions were fun as well"
76561198011550477,Recommended,220440,13531380,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,judgefx,"Very fun, lots of original concepts, overall the game is very well executed. I wish there were a sequel already, I would buy it right now. 9/10"
,Recommended,220440,9906930,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,MiKE,"I've never been a big DMC fan before, and never played the early ones, but anyway, this piece of art work is my favourite hack and slash game! The music the moves the combos all fit together and makes a totally badass and awesome game, which makes me play the whole story over and over again. Also It's a reboot of DMC so if you are new in this world, you didn't really miss anything from the previous games."
,Recommended,220440,8857892,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,공인재능낭비사,★★★★★
,Recommended,220440,10836458,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Wolf,"Amazing game, strong story line and character progression. There are up to 20 levels and some secret missions through out the game + several difficulties which effect the way the game is played. (Depending on the difficulty you choose, there will be more random and stronger enemies, they will havea  different attacking nature making combat harder to predict)The game is loads of fun and you can play multiple times, to help your interest in the game you can change the skins or your weapons and character through game completion/DLC.For those of you who are big fans of the original Devil May Cry games, like myself, will also be amazed at how enjoyable this game is. I was scetchy of the redesign of the characters and the looks of the Rebellion but they all grow on you sooner or later, though I still prefer old style."
,Recommended,220440,12074791,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Crossedge,Not bad at all. just kill them all.
,Recommended,220440,13597002,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,AkisDarkfold,very nice game :)
76561198042339970,Recommended,220440,12043675,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,tswright1,Such a great game! I really was not expecting a lot when I first heard about it. I actually quite like the new Dante (we can like both right!) Would definitely recommend this game...best played with a controller.
76561198400397275,Recommended,220440,34326018,Posted: 18 August,all,Edwill3456,Great hack and slash game with good graphics and nice story.
,Recommended,220440,12206521,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,vgkitov,Dante looks like a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but the game is pretty fun.
76561198035282708,Recommended,220440,9888978,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Richard Roma,"Before  any of you read this review, let me say that i am an AVID Devil May Cry fan. I have played the originals 1-3 as well as 4 and beaten all of them on DMD mode. With that in mind lets start this review. This game is REALLY fun. The gameplay is some of the best i have ever played in any hack and slash title; right off of the bat you recognize moves Dante uses in this game that he also used in the older titles, they really looked at the older titles when they made dantes combos. This goes for Vergil's combos as well in the Vergils Downfall DLC. The gameplay can be difficult at times on the harder levels but this is to be expected in any devil may cry game. i HIGHLY recommend a controller when playing this on PC; the mouse and keyboard controls do not suit this game. Here is a short list of pro's and con's about this gamePRO's- Addicting Gameplay- Good Graphics (easy on the videocard) Running on a HD7850 ultra with everything maxed, average around 40-50 FPS- Amazing Swordplay- Good Platforming Sections- Good Music- Decent StoryCON's- New Dante. What can i say, coming from the older games its really sad to see this new dante compared to the old dante that was laid back, funny, and awesome. It takes a bit of getting used to new dante but still, i really wish old dante was in this game.- New Vergil. Same thing here. Vergil was a complete badass in DMC 3 but now he isnt until after the end of the Vergil's Downfall DLC. In my opinion the Vergils Downfall DLC is much better than the original game as Vergils combos are way cooler and do more damageOverall, id give this game a 8/10 just for the fact that the new characters are terrible. I would recommend this game to any Devil May Cry fan but i would only buy it if its on sale, which i did back in 2013."
,Recommended,220440,12758981,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,GOOD GEAR,I would say the best hack and slash game that I ever played
,Recommended,220440,7682912,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,DjGanja90,"Долго обходил проект сторонной из-за скептического отношения, т.к. являюсь ярым фанатом старой серии. Итог: Я в шоке! Игра просто класс! Не ожидал такого поворота! Сюжет построен очень грамотно, пусть и поменяли пару моментов! Графика хоть и выглядит странной, но психодел делает свое дело и глаз явно не может не радоваться! Бои сделаны качественно, мне они понравились больше классических. И самое главное: ""Молодой Данте действительно хорош!"" Итог: игра хорошая, но думаю, что с финальными событиями они поспешили и сделали слишком простого Босса + DLC довольно убогое, в принципе и без него было все понятно! Еще не успел пройти на максимальном уровне сложности, что может координально изменить мою оценку. (8,5/10)"
,Recommended,220440,11122586,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Solarie,"""You don't ♥♥♥♥ with a God.""wubwubwubWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBwuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuub"
,Not Recommended,220440,34569445,Posted: 28 August,all,Morshay,"It started off nicely, with fast paced hack-and-slash action, and what seemed to be a nice progression system (kill enemies - get 'orbs' - but upgrades). After a few episodes the battles become repetitive, the story is just terrible with bad characters (which wouldn't bother me at all, if it weren't for the countless cutscenes which interrupt the game every couple of minutes), and the need to explore for secrets and extras just becomes tiring. But what really sunk the ship happened 10 hours in, when I was about to start the final level but decided to backtrack to the previous missions in order to find all the secrets. The game crashed, and on reboot my progress was deleted and the save was from the second stage. Don't waste your time on this, do yourself a favor."
76561198091460931,Recommended,220440,8005329,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,vamprax,"awesome hack n' slash at it's finest. DMC is very recommended if you like hack n' slash, even more so if you're af fan of the previous DMC games,"
,Recommended,220440,25077553,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,R4IN,"Awesome game!! I heard people hating on this game because of its poor character development and new looks. Well I haven't played the classic DmC games, so I had no problem with the designs at all, actually, I looked at the classic Dante and Vergil and I like this new ""fedora"" Vergil alot more!So let's have a quick look:The game's story is kinda interesting, there are some political issues with ""terrorists"" because Dante is not a human, he can move from the real world to ""Limbo"", which is a demon world he gets grabbed into wherever a demon wants to fight him. But some of the things that happen in Limbo, are happening in the real world aswell so then the reporters claim that Dante is a terrorist. Then Kat finds him and leads him to Vergil, who is Dante's brother. Together they make a plan to kill the main leader of this corrupted world, Mundus. If they will succeed or not, I won't tell.The character developments are not quite deep or anything, except for Dante, he matures throughout the game from an edgy teenager to a demon slaying world saver. As I said earlier I liked the designs aswell.Graphics and style of the game is also pretty epic. Limbo is a colorful shape shifting world, while the real world is really shady. It has its style.Controls are suprisingly good, if you are new to hack n slash games (I'm not playing them much), you will have no problem whatsoever as keyboard and mouse are fully supported and in-game tutorials are told with keyboard and mouse in mind (unlike Dark souls which propably doesn't even care about keyboard and mouse). Most of the combos are not hard to execute without controller, only maybe the angel and demon evade (Shift+Q, Shift+E) were difficult for me, as I'm of course using the left shift button. But otherwise it's not complicated and easy to catch up.Soundtrack is one of the best parts of this game. If you're a fan of heavy electronic metal and catchy tunes. It's there, definitely.And finally, the gameplay. People say it's execute 10x better than the previous games, I can't tell, but what I can tell is that the gameplay is totally awesome! It's smooth, flashy and epic.Only thing I can dislike is the story length. If you'll not go for all the collectibles or not willing to replay the story (which is required if you want 100% every mission), you will not enjoy the game for long. It will take somewhat 6 hours, for me it took 8 as I was pretty slow in my progress.BUT, there are other things to do aswell. There's the free Bloody Palace dlc, which is an enjoyable wave-mode. There's quite a bunch of difficulties and also every mission is packed with hidden things all over it, which you will need to collect if you want to achieve the highest scores.SHORTLY:+Story+Style and atmosphere+SOUNDTRACK+Controls+Gameplay!+Bloody Palace mode+Tons of collectibles and secrets in each mission+Style ranking system-Lenght~Some people dislike the new looks of characters, I take it as a neutral as for me, they were fine9/10  Solid game for me. Only the length is a thing to take in consideration if you want to buy it."
,Recommended,220440,8000985,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Noel,"This game is amazing, but so easy to hate on, which gets it a bad rap. In spite of the fact that it's been negatively reviewed by people who simply don't like the ""direction they took the main character,"" the game itself is a dream. The animations and combat are perfectly designed to the points that, if you are a ""skill gamer"" you'll be playing the same levels over and over, pushing for more and more stylish and perfect combos. Not only do you have a huge number of moves available to you, but they all look amazing, and are easy to pull off. The trick isn't complicated input; it's doing the right thing at the right time. And ""right thing"" refers to one of ~20 or so of the moves in your arsenal, and ""right time"" refers to a single digit number of animation frames. If journalists didn't have a problem with rebellious teenage boys wearing eye shadow, this game would not have received so much hate from the media."
,Recommended,220440,8023485,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,rodlh2,"Awesome! Even though it is a reboot, it kept key features that made the original series be one of the bests series ever. Can't wait for the next games!"
,Recommended,220440,15872340,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Schildbürger,"This game was a trip! Great level design, stylish gameplay and fitting metal soundtrack - loved every second! :D"
,Recommended,220440,7417005,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,NicolasNSane,"Any good fan of the Hack 'n Slash genre probably already knows Devil May Cry to be one of the top-billed series, but any who haven't given DMC: Devil May Cry it's time to shine due to thoughts that it may not compare to or outshine its predecessors should think again, as DMC delivers hard and fast with skillful, fluid and fun combat. As the best in the series yet, it's hard not to recommend playing this title."
,Recommended,220440,7491189,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Marche,A worthy follow-up to the classic spectacle fighter series.Just... you might wanna skip Vergil's Downfall
,Recommended,220440,7683772,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,halloween20,"yeah, he is NOT the old Dante.But this is a reboot and a good one.It is still fun to shred hords of demons!"
,Recommended,220440,12001234,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Lord_Juar,"A very awesome game, it is a complete rehash of the original series and I gthink it does very well making DMC its own. The story is very well written, and you can do some really sick♥♥♥♥♥♥even from the very begining. I also recommend the DLC, Vergils Downfall is an excellent side story nd paves the way for the next game which I hope comes out in the near future."
,Not Recommended,220440,17956755,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,everydaygunshot,"20 минут бежишь/смотришь заставки, 5 минут экшона.Герой - УГ, никакого шарма, даже шуточек по пальцем одной руки можно пересчитать.Боссы - посредственность.Враги однообразны.История - чушь.От старого DMC нет больше и следа.3/5лучше многих слешеров, но до слешеров от создателя DMC оригинального - далеко."
,Recommended,220440,16072362,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,evldan1101,"Familiar hack and slash, sllightly more frat-boy Dante, Still totally awesome!"
,Recommended,220440,16833395,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Afb !,One of the best game I recommend this game.
,Recommended,220440,11383523,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Funny Orifice,"The GoodThe gameplay was a lot of fun.  There are multiple weapons and different combos to use that keep the game fresh.  I know that the style meter is supposed to be a big draw, and perhaps to some people it i, but I rarely paid attention to it.You get most of your equipment pretty early in the game, which makes the gameplay pretty deep and fun right from the beginning.  You can get some neat combos going, and some of the enemies require different weapons to damage them.  That sounds tedious at first, but makes you plan out some battes once the game starts mixing the enemies it throws at you.Speaking of enemies: I have heard some complaints about the enemies, but I thought they were done pretty well.  Some of them are pallette swaps, (which just means they are succeptible to different attacks) or just upgraded versions that take more hits, but there are some that are completely unique and can be fairly challenging when they appear with a horde of different minions.The graphics are pretty good, and the stages do have some variability to them that makes them feel fresh, without getting too stale.  One of the best parts of the world, are the morphing of the world around you as it changes.  Looking down a hallway as the exit zooms away from you is a really cool effect.The game will also give you hints at how to kill certain enemies, but only after you have fought the enemy a couple of times, which means you still have time to figure out your favorite way to kill a type of enemy before the game just says, ""yeah, this is how we meant for you to do it.""The BadCombat - One of the main draws from the original Devil May Cry was that you used a sword AND guns.  Your starting guns in this game, the pistols Ebony and Ivory, are absolutely terrible.  I never used them unless I was fighting the one enemy in the game that was only vulnerable to bullets.Bosses -A lot[strike[all the boss battles[/strike] all the boss battles exceptthe final boss battleare dissapointingly easy, and tedious.  Most of them go a little something like this: fight to expose boss weakness, hit boss weakness, repeat steps one and two.The UglyCharacters - The characters in this game are so bland, so boring, so awful.  Hands down the worst part of this game.  I feel like every review touches on how Dante is terrible in this game, and it is true.  Dante is supposed to be cool, but he is just an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥  Every time he said something,  all I could think was, what-a-tool.Story - There never was anything surprising about the story.  There were some things that just confused me, like how the real world interacts with Limbo, and vice versa (the rules seem to change depending on how the story writers wanted craete tension).Fortunatelythe main problems with the game don't prevent you from enjoying yourself as you are actually controlling the game.  You may just want to hate yourself during the cutscenes.  With that in mind, the game is really enjoyable, and provided me with a bit of fun.  There are a fair amount of levels, it isn't too short, it isn't too long.  And if you enjoy challenges there are quite a few higher difficulty levels that allow you to have some replayability."
76561198038831867,Recommended,220440,16512061,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,tr4nqui1i7y,"This is the first dmc I have played. I am very pleased by it. It is fun, and visually pleasing."
76561198008677062,Recommended,220440,8167053,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Bruce Willy,"DMC is the final installment of the Legendary Drift Mario Cart series. It features fanastically gameplay loaded with graphics that would make your Alienware piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥look like the garbage you know it is. It's one of the best games of 2011 with references to future events that took part in 2013. Dancing More Cats was a short, but increasingly enjoyable game. The 64 Co-op multiplayer is an odd, but delightful addition to the already worn-down series. Drinking Much? Cool, offers one of the best storylines in video game history, only rival to Alien Swarm."
76561197976057854,Recommended,220440,15911533,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Sidewinder66,it's good...as long as you don't follow the origanal games.
76561198090631670,Recommended,220440,16546868,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bupkus,"If you are a fan of previous DMC titles, you will probably like this game. If you are a fan of the genre at all you are probably going to like this game.  This game is huge fun and I'm glad I picked it up.-Story: Funny, and engaging but some parts will leave you wondering why they went this direction in the story at all. May it be a plot hole or just plain stupidity. Still good though.-Graphics: The graphics and the world you play in look really good but the hair effects looks awful.-Gameplay: Really good. Everything you want out of a hack and slash.  Many weapons, you can combo almost anything together. Definitely the best part of this game-Length: I finished the main story and the dlc in 9 hours.  But theres tons of replayability within collectables and lost souls.  Try your best to pick it up on a sale.I rate 7/10"
76561198062292697,Recommended,220440,15511997,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ShiroDevil,"7/10Ok,this game is fist of all not the best of all times also it's not the worst one either even if alot of people hate on the new Dante(i kinda don't like him either)the story is not very good,the gameplay is very good(surprisingly)and the art style is♥♥♥♥♥♥,if you are a die hard fan like me you aren't going to enjoy it that much if you are new to the francise play the other ones first"
76561197960686181,Recommended,220440,7771840,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Adam,"SICKEST GAME! Endless fighting combinations, it's rediculous, heavy metal during fights, amazing visuals. All around sick. Just sick."
,Recommended,220440,11604321,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Giles,Disclaimer: the only Devil May Run Up on A ♥♥♥♥♥ previous to this was DMC4 and I didn't really dig it. THIS GAME THO. Fun as all hell. You will feel like the biggest badass of all time. SADISTIC!!
76561198055001223,Recommended,220440,12726355,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,^^RAMBRO^^やくざ,Well what i can say so far im a big fan of DMC since the first one. This new DMC what isnt from the original Team isnt really bad the new style is actually very cool and i liked the game so far for being a new styled crazy DMC. Thumbs up ^^
,Recommended,220440,8017962,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Protomonk,"This game is just fun as ♥♥♥♥. Also, it shouldn't take you any more than 8 hours to finish, so if you've got a hankerin' for some spankerin', you'll probably want to play this. Great story, fluid combat, lots of combos to have fun with, good music, visceral combat.♥♥♥♥♥♥s just good."
76561198060053890,Recommended,220440,8384652,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,IL Padrino,"So far the action and story are ace and on pace with Bioshock Infinite. I rarely get pulled into a game like this; It feels like playing through a rich novel. Mature themes, dark ambient environments will fancy action gamers who might have also enjoyed The Witcher series and Far Cry 3. I'm a few hours into the game, hope that the pacing and content doesn't wear itself out. BTW how bout' that art direction?"
,Recommended,220440,8547148,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sora,"First off, Dante is not gone. He is not that far off from the original once you finish the game. That being said, most people are turned away from the game as it is not the Dante nor the Universe we've come to know and love. But you have to understand that this game is acutally a reboot for Capcom. And in my opinion, Ninja Theory did a marvelous job with this game.(Sectioned these off, just look at first sentence for categories. TLDR at the bottom.)First off, the universe. Before, in previous Devil May Cry installments, Humans and Demons lived on one plane. In this game, not so much. Here, Demons and Humans are separeted by ""Limbo"". A plane really close to that of the human world. In this universe, humans, demons, anything and anyone can be pulled into Limbo, and the only way to get out is to kill the demon that dragged you into Limbo. In this universe, you have a more stylized and modern intrepertation of demons. They control the world with debt, keeping them docile with soft drinks called Virility, and monitor them from Limbo with CTV Surveilance systems in the real world. I think this is a pretty interesting take on our modern day and might actually be conveying a message.As for the visual aspects of the game, I have to say it's quite gorgeous. The stylistic combos that Dante can pull off between his human, demon, and angelic form are quite a sight to see. Animations are much more realistic as they represent actual human movements. What I mean by this is that they transition quite nicely. The point system now shows you what you are getting your points from, how much you're getting from them, and what special actions you've performed that netted you those points such as perfect evades and environmental attacks. All the while, the game is running extremely well. I play on a Laptop, which really isn't the greatest for gaming, but boy. I ran this game on Ultra settings, 60Hz refresh rate with HD texture and HD Anti-Aliasing. 60FPS the whole time. Cutscenes are extremely well done, voice acting is top notch, and make the game pretty believable. I can only recall maybe 1 or 2 events where the voice acting took me out of the game.Difficulty? Not much here until you hit ""Dante must Die"", ""Heaven and Hell"", and ""Hell and Hell"" modes. Hell and Hell can give you a real challenge comparing to that of Dark Souls or Monster Hunter. See, in this mode, if you're not familiar with previous games is a challenging difficulty level where Dante dies in one hit, while his enemies have full health. This right here, this, is the hardest you're going to be able to play this game. Seriously, the difficulty level in this game is a joke, I beat the game on Standard difficulty dying only once and managing an S or SS rank at the end of the mission. As long as you do what the game tells you to do (Angelic weapons against blue enemies, and Demonic weapons on red enemies) you'll be fine. Took me about 9-10 hours to beat the main DmC mode on that difficulty alone. But I kind of want to go back and finish the game on all dificulties in order to get all the achievements and perfect my combos. That being said, this game is a breeze.Story wise, like I said earlier, this game has an interesting take on today's society and the demons that walk among us as your everyday Joe. I do have to say, Character Development is not a big thing in this game. When there is some, it's kind of out of nowhere and really bland. One of the most interesting characters in my opinion is Kat, but you don't really get enough of her to justify her as an interesting character all that much. Though I do have to say I was EXTREMELY impressed with what Ninja Theory and Capcom did at the end. They set this game up so well for a sequel and in my opinion, stayed true to DmC. I was absolutely speechless, no doubt do you have to play this game for that. With that ending, you know that they also listened to their fans. Hell, it may seem like they didn't at first glance, but they did. Secretly. They did a very good job calming the populus somewhat with Dante's original redesign. Long story short, the story is entirely riding on the ending. It's pretty generic throughout most of the game and the end just leaves you breathless.Music is okay, not really much to say here. Basically what you would expect Dante to be listening to while murdering demons. Only complaint is that the music sometimes doesn't stop when all enemies are killed leaving you to think that there are still more when there actually isn't when the music is NORMALLy supposed to fade away after you get them all. But that's not the only thing. Sometimes it doesn't even fade. It just stops. Abrubtly, just like that and you're just kind of taken back a bit. Nothing too major though.Replayability? Hell yes. You'll see collectibles off in the distance far too many times throughout your playthrough wondering how to get there. Simple answer? You can't. You have to gain access to certain abilites and then revisit those levels to reach those collectibles for a higher completion percentage and the mission score screen. Also necessary if you're hunting for those achievements.DLC, I'd say skip out on it. It's not that good. By the name of the DLC you can tell you play as Vergil and I'll tell you, while he seems cool, you just feel extremely limited with him. After getting SSS ranks in combat with Dante, barely being able to scrape a B rank with Vergil just hurts. You can combo much better with him as your progress, but you don't even get all of your abilities until you finish the sodding DLC. That's right. Your reward for beating the DLC, is an ability that would have helped you clear the DLC. Their choice for this was obvious if you play through it, but it's best to just either pick this up while on sale or just skip it entirely. Another gripe of mine with this is that the cutscenes, they appear to be concept art, Just a slideshow or a quick demo of what the cutscenes should have looked like/portrayed if they were actually animated. Not only that, they switch from concept art into ACTUAL animation out of nowhere towards the end of the cutscence. REALLY takes you out of the experience.TL;DR: Game stays true to DmC history, just with a few of it's own twists taking place in a more modern universe that resembles our own. It may not look like it at first glance, but it is actually pretty spectacular with what they did with the ending. Gameplay is satisfying, beautiful, smooth as all hell, but extrememly easy unless you pick one of the higher difficulties like ""Hell and Hell"" which you have to unlock by beating the game several times. Great replayability requiring you to return to previous missions with abilities obtained in later chapters to get all collectibles. Music is okay though music sometimes doesn't stop as fast as it needs to, or ends too abruptly after fights. Story wise, kind of generic, but my god, like I already said, the ending... Left me as giddy as a schoolgirl. As for the DLC, either skip out on it or pick it up while on sale because it's not that good. If I HAD to give it a score, 9.5/10"
,Recommended,220440,8758631,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,langdonx,"DmC starts off a bit slow, but finishes so strong and turns out to be one of the best games 2013 had to offer.  The combat is extremely satisfying once you unlock a few different weapons and are able to switch between them mid-combat.  The game has some of the most memorable boss fights in recent memory (think Asura's Wrath visuals, but enjoyable to play).  Ninja Theory, as usual, delivered.If it matters (it shouldn't), DmC is the first Devil May Cry game I've played."
76561198013773573,Recommended,220440,11441060,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,dsleoleo,"Right up there with DMC4 as 2 of the best hack and slash games of all time. Graphics is top nouch. The art direction is more appealing than some of the other games with good graphics, although this can be subjective. The action is very smooth, and this is expected from a DMC serie game. Combos are not too hard but fun to pull off. BOSS fights are also well designed.Comparing this to Metal Gear Rising, this game is way better, in terms of game play, graphics, art design, story, and voice acting.Overall , 9/10"
,Recommended,220440,8589812,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Jake,"I have never played a Devil May Cry game, and from what I understand a lot of DmC fans were deeply disappointed in this reboot. The criticisms they have of it seem fair - especially about the overly edgy protagonist Dante and his edgy mcedgyton brother Vergil.While Dante certainly wasn't a very fun character (I was sort of hoping he'd become funnier as the game progressed) he's not completely terrible. I never found myself cringing at his emo edgyness, and some of the lines he had were decently funny. A lot of jokes fall flat because they consist mainly of variations on ""♥♥♥♥ you."" The story isn't amazing, typical evil dude running the world and you have to take him out. I do think it does a good job of setting up future game stories without a ridiculously stupid cliffhanger or anything. It reveals something, resolves it temporarily, and sort of lets it be.The gameplay is where I had quite a bit of fun. The action starts out reeeeaaallllyy simplistic, but once you get the scythe it all sort of starts to make sense. The fun comes in mixing and matching the various weapons together for good combos. Each creature has a weakness for you to exploit, and some are more obvious than others. For example there were these ninja dudes who I had NO idea, until the last level of the game, were incapable of blocking the axe thingy. I had completely switched to the fists and thought the axe was useless until I realized that. Of course you can't just use the axe on them though because it's slow, first you have to catch them off guard with something else. The same thing applies to a lot of the battles - you find new combinations as you play and it continues like that until the very end. Hell, in the very final boss fight I discovered a new way to use a weapon I thought I had figured out.One thing about the combat that sort of fell flat was the enemies which REQUIRED you to use either an Angel or Demon weapon. I can see how that introduces challenge in fights where there's more than one enemy but it still felt extremely cheap. There'd be a red enemy that I can only use the fists or axe on, so I would just spam one of those until it was dead. No fun or strategy in it, just a huge annoyance. It became especially annoying when certain enemies would simply become ghosts if you weren't holding down the left or right trigger. Really?That said I enjoyed the combat all the way through, and the boss fights were decent as well. I thought the next-to-last boss was a bit stupid because he took up so much of the screen that dodging all of his attacks were nearly impossible, so you just had to get lucky. The raptor news boss fight was the best though - it was funny and well designed. It was by far the most creative fight in the game.Overall I would recommend this game, especially if it's on sale. It's a solid game with some good design. If you can forgive the edgyness, generic story, and heavy use of dubstep."
,Recommended,220440,10580010,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DrDeath,"Try it out, no regrets."
,Recommended,220440,11055738,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,MustachedChaos,"This game got an unfair amount of flak by gamers too nostalgic of the previous titles, disregarding that this is a reboot of the franchise. Devil May Cry is undoubtedly the posterchild of the hack and slash genre, and this game does everything correctly. The combat is oustanding, the boss fights are creative, and the entire game is a visual trip with its environments, cinematics and effects. Old mechanics that were sometimes frustrating like switching stances have been made more fluid. They have even made the sections between fights into very fun platforming sequences. Overall I'd highly recommend this game if you are a fan of hack and slash games, especially now that it's so cheap on Steam. And definitely plug in a controller for this one, otherwise you will literally destroy your keyboard with presses when♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan."
76561198070817247,Recommended,220440,10651895,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CBstryker,DMC is a fun game to kill time with.
,Recommended,220440,10665556,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,PowerPlant,"I highly recommend DmC. Even though I had prejudiced first, after complating first two missions I had pleased to have this game. With its cool and aesthetic character and fighting combos, playing DmC is an experience that every gamer shold experience.Differing from the first four games of the series, it has a different story taking place in an alternative DmC universe. Similar background but different story details... By and large, I highly recommend to play DmC. I am sure that you won't regret.General Point 8.5 / 10"
76561197988490066,Recommended,220440,1174956,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Keeptrucking,"Fantastic game, in the league of Bayonetta. Best fighter ever on PC. Thankfully doesn't have the more rediculous timing windows of previous DmC games. Easy to pick up, very hard to master."
,Recommended,220440,1599958,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Lana CtrlAltDel Rey,"So I really liked this game. It's a lot of fun. I'm not a long time DMC fan, I've only played devil may cry 4 and only really know the characters from marvel vs capcom 3. I liked ""new dante"" from the first time i saw him. And then I saw angry nerds getting upset about him not being a white guy with white hair and I liked him even more. I like the story and the levels are pretty awesome. The boss fights are all different and pretty well balanced. They're not all super japanese like in the other games. Most of the japanese stuff is gone really. I don't mind much because the japanese stuff is pretty meh and it's not a plus for me.Bottom line, play it. It's fun."
76561198056164821,Recommended,220440,7785392,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Commander McBadass,"I was really surprised by that game. I'm not a big fan of 'hack'n slash' games, i've only player God of War and Dante's inferno, i've never player any DMC games. But that one really impressed me. Visually the game if pretty, far more then most Capcom PC ports and it runs great with almost any type of machine. The gameplay was solid, the combo system worked perfectly. The story does the job, it's not a bad one but not a great one either. 8.5/10 one of the best games I've played so far this year."
,Recommended,220440,7844860,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mister Panda,"DmC: Devil May Cry is easily the best hack and slash game I've played in recent years, possibly ever. The more you play and better you become, its smooth and stylish combat begins to flow like a masterful dance of singing blades and slinging guns. It's fast, brutal, and absolutely addicting.This game got a lot of grief from the original Devil May Cry fanboys because of it's reimagining, but they're all full of it. No matter how much I like the original, white haired Dante, this new one is a delight in his own right. So what if his hair is short and black? His personality and wit are a pleasure to observe throughout the entirity of the story, which also is the best in the DMC universe.Simply put, DmC: Devil May Cry is a game worthy of any fan's time of the hack and slash genre. It's intoxicating gameplay can't help but draw me into play over and over again."
,Recommended,220440,7910428,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Giving up already?,"I was always a fan of the old series. The old Dante was a wise crack and a badass character. At first glance of the original trailer for this game, I hated it to its very core. It's not the DMC that I knew but over time I felt like they were heading in the right direction for this game and I ended up pre-ordering it. I'm a real DmC fan, no matter how awful the game might be (DMC2, anyone?).I ended up loving this game. The art style is gritty and dark (which I love), the gameplay is very smooth, the soundtrack gets you pumping (like any DMC track should) and the characters grew on me. Even the new Dante.The only complaint I have about this game is its way too easy compared to the other DMCs. Call me a sadist but when it comes to DMC, I want to feel like ripping my hair out then that adreniline rush when I finally beat something. DMC is known to be hard and I feel like they lightened this game up for any new comers. Which isnt really bad if you think about it."
,Recommended,220440,8040148,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Pawlful,"Actually pretty good, decent port that ran consistently at 1080p/60fps. Some purists might be put off by the reboot, and to be honest the game is more of a Bayonetta/Heavenly Sword than classic Devil May Cry. But it's still pretty good, and with the dearth of 3rd person action-brawlers available on PC it probably stands as one of the top 5 of it's genre on the PC.  If you're not sure just wait for the summer sale."
,Recommended,220440,1213905,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Lumi,"After Devil May Cry 3, this is my favourite entry in the series.Gameplay wise, arguably best one in the series (fourth, while lacking in story, was pure ♥♥♥♥ing fun when it comes to gameplay), and the game overall is surprisingly witty and enjoyable. Levels are ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous, music is great, killing♥♥♥♥♥♥makes my day and there's good +10 - 20 hours worth♥♥♥♥♥♥to do.But for the love of god, don't be one of those doofuses who play the game through on Human difficulty and then cry how easy the game is, or I have to slap da ♥♥♥♥♥ >:[Highly recommended!"
76561198078792246,Recommended,220440,7617361,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Jarnauga,9.5
76561198003311582,Recommended,220440,7836982,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Darkflame.fire,"Capcom got it right on with this game. Im new to the Devil May Cry series but im a fan now. If you have not played it the game play is like Bayonetta or God of War hack and slash but the game is super fun, great story and worth the buy. the DLC on it is not bad either and thats saying alot since its Capcom. Highly recommened."
,Recommended,220440,7961879,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,[EGR] deathstr0ke,Camera movement is slow and a bit awkward at times.  Although that downfall is made up by the excellent story.  There is a lot of replay value as there is 7 modes of difficulty.  I also enjoyed the DLC.  I would recommend buying this game when it's on sale!
,Recommended,220440,4022255,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Sonoshee,"SSSensational!!! Slay an army of demons as the nephilim Dante in order to save humans from the grasp of the king of demons, Mundus.DmC may not have the badass Dante us old-school Devil May Cry fans adore nor the unforgiving difficulty we are used to, but this reboot does a good job of delivering a stylish hack-and-slash. It also serves as a decent tool to introduce newcomers to the Devil May Cry universe."
76561198038749202,Recommended,220440,7374638,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,impartialgecko,"Dante's new outing contains more creativity and imagination than all of its predecessors combined. It's not the DMC you want, but it's definitely the DMC you deserve. Ninja Theory throws off the shackles of the series and does something original with a series that was never really capable of being taken seriously from a narrative perspective. DmC has all the bases covered. Though it's not the mechanical masterpiece that is Dante's Awakening, it succeeds in breathing new life into a series that, after DMC4, deserved to be put down."
76561197982975064,Recommended,220440,954943,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,dooweezy,"I've always was a fan of Ninja Theory, but never really got into the Devil May Cry franchise. ""DMC: Devil May Cry"" is the first game I've played in this series, and it has created a fan in me.  The fighting is intense and gorgeous, the level design is jaw-dropping, and the character models are just fantastic.  There is plenty of replayability in this game.  I'm definitely going to be replaying the missions again to achieve better scores and find unlockables.  Great work Ninja Theory and I hope to hear some news on an upcoming sequel."
,Recommended,220440,8471036,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,*Junon,"Ninja Theory scores another hit.First off, it has a console game pedigree, you're probably best off with a gamepad. Also, I've never play the other Devil May Cry games, so this is being judged on its own.The graphics are fantastic, especially the motion-captured animation and the generally trippy and dreamlike set design. I found myself really enjoying the soundtrack even though metal and industrial aren't really my thing. The audio reminded me of Max Payne 3 in that regard.It did feel a little short at 10 hours on a normal mode playthrough, but the game encourages replaying and thus I'm not sure I'm done with it."
,Recommended,220440,8886359,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,bigugly07,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. Simple plot with cheesy dialogue, but fun gameplay, art, and level design. Refreshing for a game to not take itself too seriously, and just have fun."
,Recommended,220440,9190066,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,SquidTheSid,"Shakespeare, Poe, and Asimov have nothing on this game. This is truly the evolution of gaming that rivals other brilliant artisans like Stephanie Meyer and Christopher Paolini.FornicateThou/10"
76561198026832144,Recommended,220440,7855849,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Prince Sabu,"Such a great game to start off 2013. The gameplay is fast and smooth, the soundtrack will get you pumped up to just keep on playing."
,Not Recommended,220440,33912904,Posted: 30 July,all,Lord KKs,"I didn't like this reboot. Story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ , no real challenge (even on the hardest difficulty), combos are too simple, gameplay is a little clunky, the hook mechanics is stupid and just a bad design. level design, monster design sucks too.Ninja Gaiden and Bayonetta are much better."
76561198077032656,Recommended,220440,12286089,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Aquaman,I would recomend this game to any fan of hack and slash games with combo creativity. It should not be chastised simply because of a hair color change. Any who do should really actually give the game a chance. It is worth it.
,Recommended,220440,34316400,Posted: 17 August,all,ax3l_,The game is great but no where near as good as DMC4.
,Recommended,220440,34314871,Posted: 17 August,all,Dagger,Amazing game.Do not recommend Vergil's Downfall DLC though - it's pretty bad.
76561198054728114,Recommended,220440,15894924,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tyra Wadman,"A new and fresh take on the series that opens up to new fans while holding on to the old ones.Not quite as punishing as the older games. You can die several times in one level and somehow achieve an A rank but it was still good. Better than that Nero character and his GF problems.Like TMNT, gotta love the banter between the brothers."
,Recommended,220440,7810151,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mihai,vale a pena :D
,Recommended,220440,7792025,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,kid goes ham unbelievable,█▀▀░█░░█░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█▀▀█░█░░█░█▀▀░█▀▀░█▀▄▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░ ▀█▀▀ ░█▀█ ░█ ░█▀▀█▀▀ ░█▀▀ ░█ ░█▀▀▀ ░▀ ░░░▀ ░▀▀▀░░░░░░████░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░█░░░░█░░░░██▄▄█░░░░░███▄█░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░ THIS !! ░░░██░░░░IS GOOD░░██░░░░ GAME! ░░██░░░░░░░░░░░█
,Recommended,220440,8310707,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,madfoX,"A really fun and fast action game. It's quite different from its predecessors, but this diversity makes it feel much fresher than the previous installment. Very pretty and very easy to run too, so it's a treat on both gameplay and visual ends. If you like action games, don't even think twice about getting this (and DMC4 as well)."
76561198055172043,Recommended,220440,7741284,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Captain Brit,The best Devil May Cry game in my opinion made so far as it has explained alot of the main story line to me. I have always loved these type of games and ever since the first 'Devil May Cry' came out i loved playing the game non stop. There are however one little tiny thing that i think should be more in a Limited Edition verson than DLC. For those who don't know what im talking about i mean the DLC that explains how Vergil turned out the way he did in 'Devil May Cry 3'. A part from all that i would deffently recommend this game to anyone who like Hack & Slashs.
,Recommended,220440,7366128,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Mr. Roboto,"So I was a little iffy about buying this, since its a franchise reboot. I really enjoyed the previous titles and was upset at first. I didn't think I was going to like it.That being said, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this game. Everything from the music, the boss battles, the animations, story. I really liked it. Very well executed, game looks nice, runs nice. Must have title for sure."
,Recommended,220440,7439962,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Biron5k,"If you like cutting up demons and shooting them with a literally infinite supply of ammo, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,220440,7751372,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,hronet,"Brilliant graphics, awesome challenging gameplay - great music... even the story doesn't suck... much. Thoroughly enjoyable!"
,Recommended,220440,1763175,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"Definitely worth your time, pick it up the next time its on sale.  More like Bayonetta than the original DMC, with a linear mision based set up instead of an explorable environment with re-traversal.  There are some frustratingly, arbitrarily difficult moments but overall a solid game."
76561198088425217,Recommended,220440,7475659,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,danman,"If you like this kind of game, you'll definately enjoy this. At least don't listen to the people saying this game is worse than the previous ones. That's complaining on a very high level - at best."
76561198044755905,Recommended,220440,7524907,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,NOVA,Best game yet imo in the series. Full of halarious comdy at some parts and wicked gameplay. A must buy in my books.
76561198041885432,Recommended,220440,7755036,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bueno Keanu,"Alot better then I was anticipating, good story that keeps you wanting to play to see its end. I recommend it to people who like the genre."
,Recommended,220440,2511208,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Spike,"8/10Would recommend for a <$30 purchasePros:- Fun installment of another Devil May Cry game- Controls/mechanics feel like they were made for a mouse & keyboard- Angel & Demon mode are SO fun to kick♥♥♥♥♥with- Music is about as a thrill as all the other hack 'n slash DMC games- Replayability is about the same as the other DMC games (up there especially if you play as a completionist)- The game has 7 difficulty levels... so .. yeah you gon' get FUUUUUCKED UP SON OF SPARDA (Human, Devil Hunter, Nephilim, Son of Sparda, Dante Must Die!, Heaven or Hell, Hell or Hell)- You can play with different skins, as like other DMC games, so if the new character's skin is really annoying you then you can swap it out for the old Dante skinCons:- There may be the occasional demon trying to rip your skull off and puking down your throat, you have been warned- The occasional demon may want to ♥♥♥♥ with your camera angle when your gang banging it into a corner"
,Recommended,220440,2754218,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,riq,"Smooth as butter combos, cocky protagonist, interesting story, and tons of ridiculous but awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥happening. You need to play this game. Even if you didin't like the original series (like me)."
,Recommended,220440,7742821,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,no love deep cleanse,"Only play this game if you're new to the series, because if you've played the older games you WILL HATE THIS GAME. I loved this game, and I can understand the scorn that the new Dante gets from his ex-fans. The action in this is faster than a coked up race against a bullet train, and I love the hell out of it. You might even sweat when playing this. Reccomended with a controller."
,Recommended,220440,7741101,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Psychology of a Pancake,"Fantastic game, excellent feel for the combat, hours of entertainment, and the challenging bloody palace mode as free dlc will definitely keep you entertained for days"
,Recommended,220440,7752976,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,.  Rez  .,"The game has it's flaws, but as a character action game It's really well done. The combat's a shallow entry, but after you wade in it for a bit it begins to get deeper; The extra difficulties and DLC will have you coming back to experiment more and more. Though I highly suggest you ignore the ranking system. I commend Ninja Theory for taking the dive, though I do hope they get a better writer for the next game, if there's going to be one. If you still haven't made your decision and you're reading this, just think for a second. How many decent stylish action games does the PC market have? If you like those types of games adding this to your library won't hurt. Not the end all be all, but good for what it is.==============Long==============Where do I start with this game?In a Vacuum this game is a solid 7. ""Why a 7"" Is probably the question you're asking. Well for starters, the script; while workable and functional leaves something to be desired even though it gets you through the game. I know you've probably heard the outcry for the ""F*ck you-F*ck you"" back and forth between Dante and the Succubus; though I guess you could look at that  as Dante's such an♥♥♥♥♥that he has the innate ability to♥♥♥♥♥♥off demons without trying. No, being an♥♥♥♥♥is not necessarily a bad thing. Then comes the voice acting. I have to give it a pass simply because the only real cringe worthy lines in the reboot, won't scar your brain like the original (look up ""fill your dark soul with light"" on youtube, you'll see what I mean). The voicework is on par with the script. Passable, no stellar performances, some hitches here and there (hitches as in cringe-lines), but it's not bad. For an example of bad, look at the original resident evil, or Sonic Adventure.The combat is decent. Hell when mastered it's practically on par with previous games, though there are still things that I personally wish they kept. For one, royal guard is no more. That got replaced by the parry system. This system is good and bad, because you can use it intentionally to make enemies kill/damage themselves, but at the same time you'll get a bunch of free points just by accidentally parrying enemies you had no intention of parrying. The H/H weapon is just plain boring to use; effective against certain enemies, but still boring. Sorry but Beowulf was just too damn good to not miss it.Taunts are missing even though there's a free button that's not used while playing with Dante. This was a fun mechanic for funzies that is definitely missed.Another issue with combat is that it's so loose that when you try to cancel certain moves it causes conflict with the animations which leads to certain abusable bugs or Dante Jerking around. I honestly can't recall previous DMC's having this particular combat bug, though the ""fair play"" bug seems to be shared.What I mean by fair play is that enemies usually won't attack you unless they're in the camera's view, or are already in the middle of an attack when the player points the camera away from them. Though sometimes while looking at enemies they behave as if the camera isn't looking at them and they'll just stand there in one spot, confused. This is usually fixed by turning the camera away and turning it back, but at the same time, why would a player want to do that? >.>This Dante is practically a more solid version of Nero (DMC4). Take note I only say this because I personally found Nero boring/too easy to play with the tools he had. Others will have their own opinions of him.Compared to previous DMC's the story here is more focused on the main character. Where Dante's given a history. Where as with the original series (as far as the games were concerned) was more a history of Sparda and Dante is simply cleaning up his dad's leftovers. Granted, the story in Vergil's downfall DLC is as anime as it could get, but still the gameplay offered in that DLC makes up for it. I mean I personally found Vergil more fun to play.The music works for the game. I can't complain about it at all."
76561198006916778,Recommended,220440,7767801,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,tehace,"I'm not a dmc fan but I really enjoyed this game. Visuals are amazing, you can really see the attention to details, gameplay is smooth as it runs well on decent PC, combat is fluid and platforming elemenst aren't cumbersome.One of the best games I've played and the PC are lacking in this type of games. That being said I would not recommend playing it wihtout a gamepad, visuals on the PC are superior to thos on the consoles but controls doesnt feel right and I'm KM user in general. Game also got a lot of replayability with unlocked difficulty levels and collectibles."
,Recommended,220440,7422337,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,NikoDaGreat,Fast-paced chaotic action
,Recommended,220440,7721036,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,CriticalComposer,"A fantastic reboot of the DMC series lead by Ninja Theory. If you have played Heavenly Sword, and enjoyed it, there is no reason not to pick this up. While the story is a pretty run-of-the-mill coming of age story, the combat is perfect. Fast, flowing, and frantic; this version of DMC is great for newcomers and old fans alike."
76561198020559303,Recommended,220440,11042362,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Berserker with a Flashlight,"This game is highly addictive and its incredibly fun to play. I understand how other devil may cry fans may miss the feel of the old series as well as the 'old' dante. But hey its an alternate take on the series just something to change things up abit. Dante at first glance may look like some sort of emo, but he does bear some revelance to the original dante such as the rough rebellous nature, the secret compassionate side and of course the badassery of the original Dante. DmC is a good reboot but i guess the classic series prevails because of the avantage of nostalgia and being the classic."
76561198062513591,Recommended,220440,11343096,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,~.~,Not much re-playable value. But overall its good
76561198130756010,Recommended,220440,12183422,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Fruit Snacks,"A reboot of the well-known devil may cry series, DmC is a game which takes things to a whole new level, with new weapons with ""angel"" and ""devil"" alignments and with different usages and more.The visuals are a huge step-up, the graphics in this game are pleasing to the eyes and the game does not require high-end specs to run, the gameplay is smooth and fun to play around with the different moves and combos you can execute to rack up style points (Side note: The style counter is different from the original games), the story is great as you play a younger dante who is much more reckless and violent who is fighting for mankind and to in turn restore his forgotten memories, soundtrack and ambience is more of a rock and roll, violent kind of world you are thrown into.Overall, it is a really great game (well it is made by ninja theory), 8.5/10"
,Recommended,220440,12220234,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Mongelo,10/10! Best game in its genre. I played through it for a few days and uninstalled whn i was done. They day after. I just couldn't stand to not slice some demons so I downloaded it again and am playing through it for the second time now. It's amazing!
76561198137193931,Recommended,220440,13205773,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,♛Tywin Lannister,Good Parts: everythingBad Part: It ends.
76561198060632407,Not Recommended,220440,25082906,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,keiranhowells,"First thing first, I have played the orignal 3 and the extra 4th Devil May Cry games several times and understand the characters and the world rather well. So when playing this game seeing how the plot is just a shity merger of the previous 4. The characters where re-done terrible (you should not change mains) and some rather important parts where changed; example, Dante wants to help protect humans as he is close to his ""human"" half, he also has strong emotions towards his ""human"" mother who is known to be a long haired blonde ""human""; so why in this game is his mother a red haired ""angel"". Also the whole Nephilim rubish, made by the ""secret union between angel and demon was inconceivable"" - Vergil; inconceivable - not capable of being imagined or grasped mentally; unbelievable. Yet later we get told that ""The Nephilim were the third race, sadly they were hunted down, and slain"" - Phineas. So their existance is inconceivable it was epected to never happen, but it happened before, and to a large quantity for it to be labeled a ""race"". Their are so many issues in story; characters a badly done, visuals are good in most senses however enemies apperances are not that good and bosses are worse (See Dmc:Devil May Cry Succubus vs DmC 3 Nevan (Not labeled as a Succubus but her abilities moves and character match)). Combat is done well as a base but the adding of the ""Blue"" and ""Red"" weapons and the corresponding enemies was a terrible idea, it might of been better to go half and half as to say the ""Red"" enemies had a red hue but not totally red and take reduced damage from non-red weapons instead of immunity.Also as a personal not did not play the game without the Dante skin change to the correct(ish) appearance as I really did not like the new appearance, however that is a routh topic; however you made the personality s**t also and you changed the way the iconic weapons looked and you just ruined it.Gameplay = Survivable (Good and bad moments)Visual = OkayStory = Mostly Skipable so their is thatAchievements = Easy 70%+ okay 90% difficult 100% (DLC achivements)Final result = F**k this game, kept wanting to like it but no matter what it kept defecating on-top of itself."
,Recommended,220440,3166725,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Astori Heichalot,"This is not affiliated with any existing Devil May Cry series.I like this one alot compared to the previous series,because the classic DMC games are abit childish.This one has a more matured touch and obviously more suitable for older gamers"
76561198003066842,Not Recommended,220440,17954216,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,SuperSpesh,"First of all I like the game. (action, story, ect)But its a bad port. somewhat poorly optimized for Nvidia cards.And the main problem is that frame rate drops bellow 30 fps to unplayable levels after 10 to 20 minutes of gameplay.I have no explanation for this. Beaware users."
,Recommended,220440,16320922,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,RaegalTBoggart,"Haters gonna hate the new Dante, but nevertheless, this is mechanically far better than it's predecessors. Gone are the stupid resident evil style static cameras, gone is the need to lock-on to foes in order to effectively track them. Gone are the derptastic controls that made this franchise a nightmare to newcomers. Now you can actually CONTROL the camera, dish out the pain in copious amounts, and feel good doing so! So what if the new Dante is a derf at first? This game gets a few things wrong, but gets a lot of things right. Even though DMC5 will feature classic Dante, I certainly hope Capcom takes some notes from DmC, as this is how you do that genre properly; Easy to learn, difficult to master.I also expect classic Dante to have a retort for new Dante's 'white hair' wisecrack... because Dante would totally bash other versions of himself. (That joke really annoyed fans of the series despite that being a very Dante thing to do... which makes me sad)"
76561197963881482,Recommended,220440,8310159,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,.pico.,definitely one of the best series restarts
76561198025587009,Recommended,220440,10810817,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,BAO FENG!!!!!!,Soooooooo adicting!!!!!
,Recommended,220440,8886111,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Schwaka,Awesome game!
,Recommended,220440,15914400,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Jeffery Windas,"This is remarkable since this game should be one of the greatest ACT I ever played. While the main problem was its name DmC---I still love the characteristic in DmC4 cause that white-hair-man is RRREALLY COOL! But never give this game a negative comment just because Dante is not that cool, Instead, its flexible and plentiful actions should bring you extremely enough enjoyment. Try it, you will never regret :)"
,Recommended,220440,15958993,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Zatchooze,"Well optimized,  fast paced hack & slash."
76561198066356786,Recommended,220440,15202987,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,oi m8,Best of its genre
76561198021268075,Recommended,220440,7798288,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Pherminator,"Big risk, huge reward.  Rebooting the DMC series was a risky move, and if Capcom didn't know it before, they knew when they showed the first trailer and heard the outcry of angry fans.  I don't think there was much of anybody who liked the new 'goth' Dante, compared to the cool, white-haired man we've grown to love, but dangit, this is one hell of a good game.Combat is super smooth, transistioning between your heaven/hell weapons to punish your enemies is so much fun. The levels keep changing and try to kill you as you play.  A story that didn't totally suck.  And Dante is still the cocky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've loved since DMC1.I definitely recommend this game if you've liked any Devil May Cry game before this, and if you haven't played one before,  this is a great one to start with."
,Recommended,220440,7858337,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Galbutorix,"Honestly THE most insane and ridiculous combat you will ever experience in a game (other than maybe The Darkness II). Story isn't super exciting and doesn't make you think, but really all you want to do is kick the s*** out of some demons! Which you with such amazing brutality and style. The music is also a super great addition to the combat; very intense and matches the mood of the game perfectly.A super fun game, that I recommend. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,220440,7834475,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Sprut,It’s a great action game that hangs with the best the genre can offer.
,Recommended,220440,8596622,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dumbass The Elephant,The devil doesn't cry once in this game.  Don't be fooled.
,Recommended,220440,7749965,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Justin,"DmCThe Look - The game's visuals are all top notch. The developers were clearly able to put a lot of time and effort into the environments and character designs. Dante and his cohorts all have a unique look and interesting attire. The game received some flack during its reveal for ditching the classic white-haired Dante but I think that there is a strong, fun, and unique visual style that permeates the experience. You will see some recycled enemy designs but there are enough minor differences between types that I never felt bored by their appearance. The main visual treat is the environment, which has a habit of transforming as you move through it. Walls rise and fall and floors will turn into stairs, pits, and stepping stones, as familiar environments often get twisted into a more hellish version of their former selves.The Sound - No real issues with the audio quality. That said, the music tracks might not be for everyone. I don't have prior experience but I felt that the musical stylings of Combichrist had the potential to be somewhat polarizing. If you don't like heavy metal or death metal (or precious metals?) you might not be a fan of the audio tracks. However, I'm not a huge fan of the genre but I was never really put off by it so I think most people will be fine here. Great use of sound effects with some nice visceral slices, slams, and crunches during combat. Additionally, the voice acting, which you'll be exposed to frequently, is very strong on all fronts.The Gameplay - Despite some claims of oversimplification, I think this game is tons of fun to play. It follows the basic 3rd person action trends with all of the combos, dodges, and power moves that you'd expect. What makes DmC stand out a bit is the variety of weapons and the diversity of each. Heavy, Medium, Light, and Ranged weapons are all on display and all offer something fun and new when unlocked. The game's grading system (a genre staple) is also a fun way to compete against others and yourself while trying to unlock things like concept art and new costumes. There are a number of hidden collectibes that can be found in the game, but these often veer into the dangerous territory of tedium when you try to seek them all out. Also, despite the fast and fun combat, there are some levels that feel overly long or overly short so don't expect that each new chapter will take the same amount of time as the last one.The Story - DmC's story is a simple but fun affair. You are Dante, half-angel/half-demon, and you're out for revenge on the demon who orphaned you and is currently trying to take over the world. There are some fun twists and turns along the way but nothing jaw dropping or genre defining. While Dante's brash attitude may seem a bit obnoxious, the character grew on me and by the end of the game I found myself eagerly awaiting his next quip or shocking turn of phrase. The narrative has just enough momentum to keep you interested in learning more about Dante's past and to see what steps he'll take to get his revenge. You'll never be moved to tears, but you'll probably get a few laughs out of this yarn.Other Thoughts - There's not a lot to say here. This is not a game of great thematic depth or complexity. The combat, on the other hand, has both in spades. I think this is a great first chapter in what will hopefully become a new series of games. Oftentimes, 3rd person action games will lose their footing somewhere. The story may be obtuse or boring, the combos may be too tough to pull off, the enemies might be too easy or difficult, etc. DmC does a great job of walking this line and not overstaying its welcome.Score - 4/5 (A solid game. Genre fans should love it, while others will probably really like it. Check it out!)"
,Recommended,220440,7775994,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,diazflac,"This new Dante feels like an old friend.I'll admit, I was skeptical of this series re-launch, especially when it was first announced back in 2010 and the first promotional image was this:http://static1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120923082161/devilmaycry/images/1/12/Dante_dmc_2010.jpgMy gut reaction to seeing that image back then was ""You just ruined Dante and the DMC franchise."" and to an extent, that gut reaction sort of stayed with me until I finally had a chance to try the game for myself.Thankfully, the end result was far from my initial fears.DmC does a good job of managing to reinvent the so-called ""origin"" story of Dante and Vergil, and yet by and large once you manage to get used to the new face and very different attitude (at least at first) of the new Dante, you'll discover that the gameplay itself is nothing short of the classic DMC style you've come to know.Controls have been somewhat re-imagined in a way that neither takes too long to get used to nor feels terribly unfamiliar. By and large they are handled well, and a lot of the familiar signature aspects that the franchise is known for are still here as well.For example, orbs and the time statues for ""shopping"" are present here. Dante still has Ebony and Ivory and they still get unlimited ammo. Signature abilities like Stinger make their return with a new control schemata. Devil trigger is of course also present, though it works in a slightly different way than in most of the past entries, it nonetheless manages to impress just as it always has.While I did have some initial complaints about Dante's voice acting (the lines seemed really flat early on in the game) once you give it some more time it fleshes itself out better, and that also gives you a chance to get adjusted to the new Dante as well.And it IS an adjustment. Gone is the super confident whimsical and snarky don't-take-life-too-seriously Dante of yore, for the most part. This new Dante is younger, more apathetic and less enthusiastic, but to an extent this new attitude is plot related as well, and for what it's worth I think it is a convincing way to show character growth and progression.Gradually as Dante begins to open his eyes to the situation around him through the plot events, he starts becoming more empathetic, and discovers his own true nature in the process.I won't spoil the details too much, but it was good to see his character maturing over the course of the game. And while I do feel like he never reached the same height on the badass meter that classic Dante manages to capture, by the time all is said and done it's clear to see he's squarely on his way to becoming more like his platinum haired alter ego.Take away from this what you will, but if you're willing to brave the initial storm and wait for the seas to calm, as far as the new Dante goes, you'll see this is another great entry in the DMC series. It takes a bit to get used to the changes, but change can be good sometimes."
76561197976028334,Recommended,220440,7470486,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Get Burned!,"I think DMC just may have been written by David Icke. The story plays out like one of his lectures. The game play itself reminds me of a lot of that newest Alice game. There's a lot of jumping on blocks suspended in mid air for a little bit then getting to a bigger platform where you fight a bunch of dudes then go back to jumping some more platforms and repeating the process. The game is very linear with some hidden things off to the sides. It's all been done before, but the story was really a lot of fun and I looked forward to seeing what happened next. The game took around 17 hours to finish.The combat is based on stringing combos of hits together and racking up points for beating enemies up with style. The Vergil's Downfall DLC was a let down. It is the epilogue to a story that didn't need one. The pacing of the main game is good and it reaches a satisfying conclusion. In the DLC, the cut scenes are done with a cheap hand-drawn animation that are a severe step down from the campaign and also the story of the DLC is a lot less fun. The whole epilogue just seemed pointless.  Just pass on the DLC. The main is a fun and I do recommend it."
,Recommended,220440,7525797,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,CanzarSlime,So as a DMC game it was kinda blah and didnt run the characters quite right feeling but then again its a reboot and all how you wanna take the changes to the core characters (or added there of). As a game its well done and nicely tuned for a refreshing crash course in stylish action. This game takes alot more liberty to make socio-polictical jabs (some quite blunt or otherwise hinting at real groups/services) and what-not and generally turns down  floaty feeling of the classic DMC games. Also i will say for all in all get the main dlc for a dark and otherwise cheaply done end content. Vergil was a rough not particularlly engaging character comparably and had some confusing restrictions but was worth playing through and through. Compared to 4 i will say it cranked out the level design and motives to explore and repeat much much better.
76561198014971346,Recommended,220440,7708786,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Deadbound,"The 5th title in the series was a very fun one. There have been a lot of arguments about this reboot. I've played all of the games (cept for 2) and enjoyed them. However i'm going to compare this one to the previous one and I can only say that they are back on the right track again.The 4th game was suffering from a very, in my opinion, unlikeable character  you had to play with half of the game. The other half of the game was playing as Dante, who had to backtrack through the same levels. Not a lot of fun for me there. Number 5 is a new start with a restyled Dante, gameplay wise it's incredibly solid, plenty of weapons, firearms to make combo's with. However, getting SSS ratings are rather easy to obtain, using the same move with certain weapons on bosses will give you a lot of points. A little dissapointing.They also added some more platforming elements, didn't bother me. The storyline amuses, the city Dante lives in is ruled by Mundus, a demon overlord (Also a restyled version of the very first badguy in the first DMC). The whole city and the plot has some very entertaining satire to it; The masses are controlled by television, energy drinks and nightclubs filled with narcisstic demons. And Dante is going to wipe the floor with all of those things.There are some other characters, like Dante's brother Vergil and a girl called Kat. Kat is rather forgetable, even if she is very prominent and is the damsel in distress. I couldn't really care for her. As for Vergil, if you have any knowledge about the DMC games you know how things are going down between him and Dante.Speaking of which, I also played the DLC Vergil's Downfall, that one is very subpar compared to the maingame; horrible animations, elements from the plot in the maingame are twisted around, the rating system is different and the gameplay has some faults in it.My rating would be:DMC 8.5/10Vergil's Downfall DLC 5/10"
,Recommended,220440,8990113,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,prna,play if u like hot bad boys ;)
,Recommended,220440,15958808,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Officer Sparky,"Game is REBOOT NOT PREQUEL, the soundtracks are amazing the levels are very unique. Storyline is great but dante has lost a bit of his personality but the boss fights are really fun in this game. Bob Barbas ""Just do'in gods work"" very hard boss :S. Monsters in this game have really changed from the first Devil May Cry in 2001. They are so much harder in upped difficulties you will find doing normal monsters worse then bosses themselves considering some of the monsters will hit you for a 1/3 or 1/2 of your max life (even with extensions). Great game overall going to buy #4 and hopefully they redo #2 and #3 and just as good."
76561198106212384,Recommended,220440,17152376,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ApexPredator,"Amazing game highly reccomended!So much fun hacking all those Demons, falling off edges and whatnot9000/10ITS OVER 9000!!!!!"
76561198065501195,Recommended,220440,25418510,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Ethakis,Why you no play game yet?! It good pls buy.
,Recommended,220440,8444187,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cream-filled,"What more can I say other than 'This game is not as bad as all the die-hard Devil May Cry fans would have you believe.'? It's a competent and rather fun game with slick visuals and an awesome industrial-esque sound track. The mechanics are probably not as good as Bayonetta, DmC 3 or Revengeance but it's still pretty fun to switch between weapons and Angel/Devil mode to rack up the big bonuses and it has some awesome, atmospheric boss fights (although the mechanics let some of them down a little).Definitely buy it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,220440,8260584,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Valawyn [AGS],"Regardless of the vitriolic hatred aimed at this game by its rabid ""fanboi"" populace, this is possibly the most solid entry in the entire DMC series.  With a stronger focus on quality storytelling than prior titles, DmC: Devil May Cry provides a much more coherent, ""all growed up"" retelling of Dante's origin.  Accompanying this excellent narrative is an incredibly solid artistic style.  The environments, special effects and monster design are all quite fresh.  Creatures you encounter are instantly recognizable; there will be no confusing one demon for another.  The soundtrack also remains superb, as one would expect from this series.  Granted, it's a slightly different style of soundtrack, featuring more electronica (of the industrial variety) and less heavy metal-inspired tracks.Now for the critiques...DmC features an ""angel"" and ""demon"" weapon system.  At first blush, this seems like a perfectly reasonable tweak/addition to the game.  First impressions would lead you to believe that it livens up combos and adds more variety to the game.  This is, however, only half true.  The angel/demon weapon system can, in some cases, leave you more limited in your combo choices.  When a designated angel/demon enemy type is struck by anything other than a matching weapon, the weapon bounces off harmlessly, (which also leaves Dante open and vulnerable for a moment) ending any combo chain you may be in the middle of.Throw just one of these enemies into a mix of other types, and you are forced to either A.) Remove that enemy from the group with a pull (which, granted, the game gives you the tools for) or B.) Kill the whole group with a matching weapon type.Over all, this isn't a huge deal, and you won't often be bothered by it.  There are criticisms to be made about this system, however, so you might find yourself occasionally irritated by the situations you're put into.The Vergil's Downfall DLC is also fairly disappointing.  Vergil's combo list is, generally speaking, much smaller and more sparsely populated with techniques than his brother Dante's.  This leaves Vergil's fights feeling a bit stale and repetitive until every option for his combat is unlocked (and even then, it's less in-depth than Dante's is).The cutscenes of Vergil's downfall also features a completely different visual style.  In Vergil's Downfall, the cutscenes are comprised of minimalistic animations, as opposed to the motion-captured CGI of the main game.  While not necessarily inferior, it can be visually jarring when one goes from the main game straight into the DLC.Anyway, that about wraps it up.  This is a solid game, with little to actually complain about once the nostalgia glasses come off.  Fans of the original DMC (myself included) and its subsequent sequels should feel right at home here, assuming they are capable of being objective and unbiased."
,Recommended,220440,17103942,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Tasukete Birb-chan,A+ for gameplaySS for Vergil's feodra (-O-O)b
,Recommended,220440,25555038,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Wadzeh,"Not bad, pretty short though."
,Recommended,220440,8328001,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,T.w² | ♥ Prince tim ♥ Claire,"The combat system is great! Fluid gameplay too! Yes, I know it's not the same Dante as before, but this one is just as good. Both are great! I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys DmC in general."
,Recommended,220440,15217583,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,[HxC]DuckSauce,You're a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if you hate the new look Dante...as if the old Dante didn't look feminine or anything suggestive.  This one is way more mature and bad♥♥♥♥♥than the original.BUY IT!!
76561198111576339,Recommended,220440,7666255,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,SlyerThanTheFox,"Such an awesome game! The sound tracks insane! the game play is really enjoyable, it's a lot of fun and also quite pretty to look at too. The main character is amusing, controls are simple enough. Amazing fights! Flashing lights! Great stroyline! What more could you possibly need from a game? I loved the original devil may cry's but I found this one to be the most entertaining. Although it is very different, so try it before you judge it, you might like the new Dante? Or the old Dante, considering it's a prolouge."
,Recommended,220440,8520613,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,rob_-,"I want to start out by saying i have never played Devil May Cry. So I would be the general audiance that recived the wow factor when checking out the trailers. i Main character dante is a complete badass. i love the way they portray him as not giving a ♥♥♥♥, but they don't do it too much to where it looks fake. Thery also give him a very realistic personality in regards to how he decides to help his brother vergil. he doesn't act like ""so what if the worlds is ruled by demons"" i he is wor willing to help to save the people. Showing his personalioty twards the people of earth"
76561198064188320,Recommended,220440,8501858,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,paindora,"Really enjoyed this reboot!!If you liked the original Devil May Cry (or 2, 3, or 4) you'll love this one.Fast-paced combat, interesting platformer elements and an edgy, sexy storyline.Also, they may have changed the character design of Dante, but he still has his cheeky one-liners. So, don't let that throw you off."
,Recommended,220440,8669539,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Reno,"DmC: Devil May Cry is pretty cool. I like it because its got demons in it and you kill them with sharp toys! Oh, and you play a guy called Dante who is half demon and half butterfly or somthing like that, and this is super cool because you are super strong. I will give this game 8/10!"
,Recommended,220440,8725128,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ソラ,i'm donte and welcom 2 the own zone
,Recommended,220440,10780070,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Evenodds,"I actually like this DMC quite a bit, even if it's a 'new' dante. Mature-audiences only, as you probably wouldn't want your kids running around shouting many of the memorable quote lines in the game. I'd suggest using a game-pad, as a lot of the moves are nearly impossible on keyboard."
,Recommended,220440,25506724,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,ridon428,"Base game review:It's impressive. The artwork and the graphics may be not that quite good but overall I can say that it's beautiful. Story is well-written, there are a variety of enemies, weapons that you can experiment with to create a beautiful attacks, leaderboard ranking, the ability to swap from Mouse + Keyboard to Controller without configuring anything, and difficulty of the game especially when fighting with those ninjas.The negative side of the game is the movement. When you're in combat, trying to evade is problematic. You are either too early to evade, too late, or you are still attacking so you can't evade. Also when battling Brutes. You can almost never time it properly when trying to perform a charged uppercut. Success rate of performing this move is less than 30%. If you fail, you either get launched into the air or get tackled by the Brute. Some guns that you have to press Space + Right Click doesn't work. Well, it maybe does but you can almost never do it. I'd recommend getting a controller to execute that move properly. As I've mentioned before, you can swap from m+kb to controller whenever you like. This is what I do to execute some of the special moves involving guns.The option I wanted in the game is camera stability during cut scenes. I get dizzy watching cut scenes because of a shaky camera. I hope that shadow rendering gets a patch. It's ugly if you ask me."
,Recommended,220440,15922500,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,robert,"If you want 90's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles style combat, a cheesy storyline straight out of a low budget action movie, and controls that make it look like you're having an aneurysm on your computer, there's no better game than Devil May Cry."
76561198164290963,Recommended,220440,22922323,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Ophidian,"Got this in a bundle with Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition for half-price. And out of the two, this is the game that doesn't lag my computer to hell. The gameplay has a generous learning curve, the graphics are beautiful, and the social commentary on the state of humanity being ignorant, brainwashed, and self-destructive is spot-on.There are a few things I take exception to, like the platforming, the dialogue that feels like a cross between a teenage drama and an R-rated suspense movie, and the reestablishing of Dante's and Vergil's origins as Nephilim. Other than a few hiccups, I won't throw shade at DmC: Devil May Cry. I enjoy playing it."
76561197998925088,Recommended,220440,8329976,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Auspice,"Don't listen to the haters.DmC is by no means perfect. I don't think anyone will ever recreate the magic that was DMC3, but for all the negative hype that the game received, DmC really does its best to impress.Mechanically, the game is fantastic. For veterans of the series, it is a breath of fresh air. Dante retains all his abilities (similar to his appearance in DMC4), and through five different toggle buttons he's able to quickly access any of his tools. Perhaps most notably, almost all of the tools in DmC are different and useful. Each attack sequence has a unique purpose for which it is best-suited, and while you'll probably come out with some favorites that you rely on, you'll almost certainly use every tool in your kit to play on the harder difficulty modes.Also, DmC is hard! For people just wanting to experience the story, the easier difficulties are quite easy. However, even the Nephilim difficulty is fairly hard on one's first time through the game. Series vets who want a challenge will find it, and unlike DMC3, the DMD difficulty is pretty fun and rewards aggressive play rather than the tedium of DMC3.The story is a mixed bag, but it is two stories in one. The surface story -- the one most people comment on -- is rather contrite. It's a story of revolutionaries fighting against evil governments and corporations, and makes a lot of overt social commentary on modern culture. DmC throws this message in your face over and over, and honestly I was turned off by it. Fortunately, there's another story behind that one.The real story of DmC is its commentary on freedom versus order, or chaos versus slavery. It's also a story about the little people, and not about the godlike characters (Dante, Vergil, Mundus) who move the plot. In the end, even though one side does triumph, it is supposed to be a hollow victory, as though something of great importance was lost. DmC has a lot of message beneath its very blatant and shallow surface, but because the social commentary is so loud and obvious, it tends to be obscured.Perhaps most noteworthy about the story is that, other than his appearance, Dante is still Dante. While he's young and a bit inexperienced -- allowing him to grow as a character  -- he retains all the elements we're used to with Dante. He's a brash, arrogant jerk with a heart of gold, fundamentally the same Dante we've known and loved."
,Recommended,220440,8862863,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Yugge,"Actually pretty good. Very nice visual design with each level feeling like under control by some entity which want nothing more then to stomp you down. Combo system is nice, had fun all the way through the game. I think a lot of negativity around this game boils from how it doesn't fit into the canon or how the characters were changed. Maybe that is right, maybe this should have been a spinoff, rather then a reboot. Myself I have never been too deep into the DMC cannon, all I can say is that it does stand up as a separate entity. Much recommended."
76561197987041341,Recommended,220440,8917681,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Foodvendor,Good button mashing and whackin games. I usually only make it half way through the games before I move along but I actually finishe this one.
,Recommended,220440,11069866,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,SUPER COCONUT,"I'm gonna start off by saying this was one of the best DMC games so far, and YES i've played all but 2 (no loss there). This game is so well crafted, i dont think i can really find a legitimate flaw in it or anything that was half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ There are three things that hit me hard with this game:Visuals:Let me go ahead and say that when i saw the original trailer for this game, i was as turned off as any of the other DMC bashers. I didnt like the direction they took with the character because Dante of old was such a lovable guy and his aesthetic had been well established. Now that i've played it, the only thing thats really that much different about him is the short hair and different jacket. SPOILERS... his hair becomes white over the course of the game anyway, and they manage to tie it into the story. Aside from that, every character and demon is not only believably realistic, but the things that aren't rooted in realism feel very creative and fresh. The environments in this game are STUNNING and kept me stopping to look at them constantly during my playthrough. Ninja Theory knows how to craft a beautiful world.Gameplay:Not much to say here because they essentially took what made the old games great and fine tuned it a little more. The gameplay is purely DMC, there should be no complaints. They even managed to get some fun platforming sections in the game that dont get in the way of the pacing of the game.Story:Dante's personality in this game wasn't as wacky and goofball this time around, and I am not exactly sure that it's a bad thing. Don't get me wrong, he had loads of one-liners that scratched that itch, but it definitely wasn't as comical as previous games. They toned it down just a bit so that they could tell a more compelling story... and they definitely managed that. This has to be, by far, the best DMC narrative so-far. Especially after DMC4, which was a yawn fest until Dante showed up to crack some jokes. This game's story is a bit on the EDGY side, but it's totally relevant to todays hot topics and it actually makes sense when you give it a chance. The characters feel real but interesting, where as in previous games there were always characters that just felt like flat cartoon personalities.I'm really hoping that there is a sequel in the mix and that the visual backlash didn't ruin it for Ninja Theory, this series is in capable hands once again and I can't wait for the next one to come out. I highly reccomend this game for DMC newcomers and veterans. Give it a chance and you wont regret it.10/10"
,Recommended,220440,8537677,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ÄciiDz™,English: I'm not usually a fan of hack and slash games and I never played any of the previous games but this one is sensational and everyone should play it.العربية: أنا لا عادة مروحة من الإختراق وخفض الألعاب وأنا لم يلعب أي من المباريات السابقة ولكن هذا هو واحد مثيرة والجميع ينبغي أن تضطلع به.
,Recommended,220440,12847828,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,mrHowlll,"a pretty good devil may cry considering its a rebootI love the dlc classic dante costume and vergil story modeThe game runs a little slow with laggy jumps, but that's probably just my computerlastly I have been stuck on level 12 of Dante's Story due to a bug/glitchtowards the end of the level when you fight enemies wave after waveafter 3 waves of enemies the floor is supposed to open up buton my computer it doesn't can anyone help me with this?"
76561198119251163,Recommended,220440,11991211,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,PaqMan3D,"I've played this to death on Xbox 360 and took the plunge on PC and notice a huge difference. The graphical difference isn't that noticeable, although the PC version runs in 1080P and does look better than console, it's not a ""holy crap!"" jump in quality. The real reason to get this again on PC is the fact that it runs 60FPS vs. 30 on the console releases.Simply put, the game is smoother than a baby's♥♥♥♥♥now. The game feels much better to play and this is the only version I will play again. DmC on PC is the definitive version. My only gripe is that this, and other Capcom  games on Steam, are way over priced. If they go on sale, jump on it. I got this during the summer sale along with the DLC for peanuts. I would NOT pay full price for this game if you already own it. Hell, even if you don't, $50 for a game from 2013 is ridiculous when the console versions are in bargain bins at Best Buy."
76561198046448477,Recommended,220440,10542410,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fin,"Maybe a little short for my taste, but over all I definatly recommend this if you haven't already atleast tried it before for some reason.Has great visuals and fun game play, fairly difficult if not using a controler or the likes but still easy enough controls.Has replay value eventhough the story is a big part due to the fun play style, plus you can allways get a higher score."
76561197962202602,Recommended,220440,10633413,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ERM [cw],Best hack and slash Game ever made.
76561198041525862,Recommended,220440,10659026,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,bonkersH.T.I.D.,"I would recommend this game gor the current price during the summer sale but definitely not for the full asking price.  The game is very stylish andeasy on the eyes but the gameplay quickly gets repetitive and too be honest, feels like its copied too much from other games.  The fighting mechanics feel exactly like darksiders for instance."
76561197997189204,Recommended,220440,10511308,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Snake,As big DMC fan I gave this game a go thinking its a reboot I will think about it from fresh perspective. The game graphically is good the environment that you play in is very interesting and unique the main character is the guy you will hate for 80% of the game play. He is huge disappointed who hardly knows what he wants but he develops as you go along into more or less likeable guy. The game mechanics are boring and repetitive game is more target for people that are into tapping single button rather than making huge combos with variation of moves. if I were to score it for story 7/10 graphics/music etc 8/10 characters 4/10 gameplay 5/10  adding my love for the series which was crushed with this DMC release 2/10 giving it overall of 6/10 but nevertheless if you want to kill some monsters with brainless button smashing for next couple of hours go for this game. Its not that bad to be unplayable
,Recommended,220440,10532199,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Relenus,"Yes, it's not the same Dante.  Can you get over that?  Then prepare for one of the best character action games in a while.  Also the first DMC game to have actually cool level-design."
,Recommended,220440,10639972,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Khaiden,Awesome game TENOUTTATEN.
,Recommended,220440,10872669,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mutton Fleps,"Awesome game, great controls, great gameplay, great graphics and the music is unbelievable."
76561198043197391,Recommended,220440,11227783,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,CountDrac2501,Whilst I was scptical about playing this game at first my mind was quickly changed. The gameplay is fast and fluid making it fun as hell to play (pun intended). Dante is funny with his one liners and his cocky attitude. This game is pretty much an 80s movie that you play through. The place where this game shines IMO is its level design and the combat. The boss battles are all cool and you are never really given an item that's a throwaway. Every item has a purpose even if they're mainly artificialy made IE needing one to advance through the level. The weapons change the flow of combat and you are rewarded for mixing it up but can get by on the same three combos at the cost of style points and ranking. The story is also not bad. I really liked where they headed with it. Its all the right amounts of cheesy. Overall if its sitting in your backlog or want something fun to play give it a shot.
76561198018559999,Recommended,220440,7798070,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ArkateraZ25,"A very enjoyable entry into the Devil May Cry series, even if not as conventionally brow-beating as the rest of the series.Dante's characteristic bravado and wit are somewhat subdued here, and he is much less campy and over-the-top. And yet, I find it an enjoyable break by providing some much-needed character development.While I was very skeptical at first, the gameplay and art style went through a few revamps and I was sold. When I began playing, I was immediately engrossed in the drop-in gameplay and the interesting new mechanics borrowed from DMC4's Nero and his Devil Bringer.While a stark contrast to the previous entries in the serious, I would recommend DmC to fans of the series and newcomers alike, as long as you don't hold your breath for some of the same old.Critiques I do have are mostly based on the style change (which I got over) and the ease of difficulty, which seems less masochistic than the more current entries."
76561198140170657,Recommended,220440,14748097,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,†Nigh†hawkZ™,amazing game with an intresting storyline 10/10
,Recommended,220440,14765885,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,JimboHostetler,"This game is super fun!Positives:+ Rich plot+ Great Character development+ Smooth and responsive combat mechanics+ A truly demonic atmosphere+ A metal soundtrack to amp up the actionDownside:- Like many games in this genre it is a bit too shortOverall: 9.5/10 highly recommend, especially when it goes on sale!"
76561198054109824,Recommended,220440,5686504,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Enkidu,its devil may cry. no more no less
,Recommended,220440,7375798,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Mad Cat,"Cool game! a variety of weapons, convenient operation, diversity combo, the plot .. Music!Крутая игра! Радует многообразие оружия, удобство управления, поддержка геймпада, разнообразные комбо, сюжет... и конечно же МУЗЫКА!Всё это на высоте.p.s.: русский язык присутствует в виде субтитров, тоже плюс."
76561198018251092,Recommended,220440,23856791,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Dark,"This is a good game but as a Devil May Cry not as good. You can collect a lot of things such as keys, trapd souls secret missions and to unlock everything you have to play a lot.I more like the original DMC but as a Hack'N Slash I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,220440,25871824,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Busuf,"its a really fun game but the only bad thing is that i finished the game in 16 hours, for the rest, lots of different powers and the storyline is interesting. definitely will play again on a harder difficulty 11/10 IGN"
,Recommended,220440,34852384,Posted: 9 September,all,Savage Sloth,"Just finished playing through. Quite enjoyable.+COMBICHRIST soundtrack+ Sweet hack/slashing+ Dante's banter and attitude+ Decent graphics+ Good story line+ Decent replayablity- If you are lame and don't like hacking thing to bit while listening to a great soundtrack,BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,220440,34398467,Posted: 21 August,all,Phyrox,"Love the game. Completed it on a friend's PC before buying my own. Combat requires less practice, but is still very rewarding (not saying that it is easy). However, my problem with this game is that it never received the Definitive Edition upgrade that PS4 received. It solves the issue of having to fight Demons with ONLY Demon Weapons and Angels with ONLY Angel Weapons which I think is really annoying. Definitive Edition fixed it, but it doesn't seem that it will ever hit PCs. Shame that Ninja Theory did not bother."
,Recommended,220440,8203869,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DennyGray2 csgolive.com,"8/10Hey Everyone, I have to say when I first saw this game I was a little bit set back on buying it. But let me tell you that this has to be one of, if not THE BEST Devil May Cry to date! Fast pased action, Tons of new weapons at your disposal at any time during the game for tons of play styles and different combos, And I have to say once you get past the new Dante's look, He is no less of the old Dante. And he's honestly alot funnier then in the older games. And Honestly I would give this game a 10/10 if the ending of the game wasn't poorly made.If you love fast pased hack and slash games, with good graphics, awesome story, and the coolest protagonist in the world, then this is your game!!!"
76561198002959821,Recommended,220440,7855204,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,makanai,"I don't generally like hack-and-slash combo-based button mashers, but I was really surprised by how good this game was.  It had a great feel, excellent pacing, and the combos were extremely rewarding when pulled off.  The level design was challenging and interesting, and the different worlds and characters were well thought out.  I'd recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,220440,7892464,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Renwin,"It's...ok. If you don't care about Dante's new look, the poorly pasted names for returning characters with new ones, and the slow down pace of the game, then it still a decent buy. The graphics and Vergil's voice is a huge improvement though."
76561198021994138,Recommended,220440,7900975,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Dr. Zoidberg,DMC
,Recommended,220440,33653708,Posted: 19 July,all,☩ KruziikDova ⛧ XAVLEG,Weirdest boner in my entire life66/6
76561198119405777,Recommended,220440,33770782,Posted: 24 July,all,Volteran,First Devil May Cry game and not disappointed
76561198399777540,Recommended,220440,34373044,Posted: 20 August,all,2318571784,Chinese!!!!
,Recommended,220440,24737349,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,RocKera,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)                                                                            8/10 demons"
76561198246933490,Recommended,220440,29509166,Posted: 26 January,all,oneaboveall,Nice. Everyone should play
76561197979669400,Recommended,220440,11748672,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Mr. Karate,"Although the series did not need a reboot, this is in fact a good game. I know there are a ton of hardcore fans that boycotted Capcom for rebooting the series, but Ninja Theory did a good job re-imagining Dante and Vergil, and blending the demon world into a contemporary society. I wouldn't pay full price for this game, but grab it on a Steam sale like I did and enjoy it."
,Recommended,220440,11445531,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ALL SONS OF OLD GODS...DIE!!,"I can appreciate the complaints people have about this game.  Sure you could look at it, and then look at DMC4 and say this is obviously a better game, and it is.But that's because it's not eight years old, and it doesn't hold to a twenty year old rulebook.DmC did a few things right,  Made massive progress in the way of saving, weapon design, etc.On the downside, it was also a massive step backwords in terms of core gameplay.  Sure old DMC is the agrivating kind of difficult, but DmC just hands you victory.  I wouldn't call it a button masher, but I did press one button an awful lot.It's fun though."
,Recommended,220440,19497636,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,LMFAO ME,"Better then any other DMC, anyone who doesn't like it should kys"
,Recommended,220440,24897111,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,luison.cpp,"I love this game :D.I think the best of this game is its combat, it has many weapons and many combos and still it's very easy to remember each one, and also, the game effectively teaches what's the purpose of all the weapons.In a single playthrough I ended using effectively all the weapons and most of the combos. In most hack & slash I end using only few combos and few weapons (usually I don't replay games and I play in normal difficulty). So, this combat is very easy to learn but still deep, and that's awesome.A great thing of this game is the level visual design, it remember me Alice: Madness Returns but with action music instead of thrilling music.Lastly, recently my GPU stopped working and I have to survive for a while using an Intel HD 4000 graphic card, and I can play this game with ultra graphics at 1366x768 with 30 FPS without frame drops. I'm very surprised of that."
,Recommended,220440,25015655,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Tiny,DMC reboot of devil may cry 4 is gooshy like boiled ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220440,35019389,Posted: 17 September,all,Val,noice game
,Recommended,220440,9181333,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Black Heart,"This a rewrite, having spent more time with the game now my opinion of it has changed quite a bit.If you were a fan of the last four Devil May Cry games, you'll probably love this. In this retelling of Dante's origin story, a lot of the combat elements of it's predecessors has been brought here and refined to near perfection, something Ninja Theory is very good at. However the art style and the personality of the protagonist, Dante has been changed dramatically. He is less a facetious, care free, badass demon hunter from DMC 1, 2 and 4 and more the irresponsible punk with demon powers from 3, but somehow more annoying and crass. There is a point early in the game (which I personally do NOT appreciate) where Dante wanders through a circus or fair and through circumstances a wig very similar from the hairstyle and colour the old Dante wore lands on his hair, and he throws it off in disgust.Overall, I would give this an 8/10. It IS a great game, however some of the direct insults thrown at the older games, intentional or not are off putting to me as a fan of the series."
,Recommended,220440,34427743,Posted: 22 August,all,Verdantil,"Tags: 3PHS - Third Person Hack & SlashTLDR: Xbox360 pad detected and working correctly. Resolution support worked fine on my display. Like the world setting, combat pacing and whatnot.Not familiar with the Devil May Cry Series. After a short play this iteration feels like something of a blend between something like Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Bleach. The combat animations are well handled and the overall tone and has somewhat of a Sin City vibe. I kinda like it, and a fresh reboot of the series is exactly what I wanted to see to come along with the first PC version that does not immediately strike you as a half broken port. Lots of hack & slash, exploration and story is linear. Nice audiovisuals and environments."
,Recommended,220440,8838150,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,alan sleep,yes
76561198098401584,Recommended,220440,10434594,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Medroa,great game
,Recommended,220440,13535602,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Upzze,.....W......o......W......
76561198086747436,Recommended,220440,25966726,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MARINE588,"there is a lot of Nija Guiden elements in it. cool game but request to many areo combat skill, it's too damn difficult to control."
76561197971315126,Recommended,220440,11356988,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,gnomeansgnome,"Despite the great art and visual design of this game, sooner or later you're going to get tired of the console tropes.  The worst are the bosses where you have to follow stupid patterns and mash specific buttons at exactly the same time.  If that's what you want in a video game then you'll love this.  I'm half way through and I'm probably going to put it down because of the fights. Also, the camera and controls are wonky so you constantly fall of edges, fight the wrong oponents, etc.  Too bad...Ok, that was written late at night in a fit of frustration...actually, the game is a lot of fun, a little short but if you're in to the challenges/secret room things, it lasts longer. Definitely buy on sale, not sure about full price..."
76561198052455779,Recommended,220440,9482511,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,TheLukeBoyd,Slash hack bash murder shoot slice if this sounds like fun then buy this game
,Recommended,220440,8348533,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pip Brown,This game is the best!
,Recommended,220440,11521456,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Opie Winston,I couldn't say anything.Just buy it and see what's happening.
,Recommended,220440,21547570,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Fishy_Karasu,No wonder this is the best one in Devil May Cry series. DMC 4 is garbage.
,Recommended,220440,22818853,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,hadouzen,solid 7-9 hour game quite fun
,Recommended,220440,8586155,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Xytement,the gameplay is smooth the fighing styles could be improved has well as the apperance but regardless as a overall its a decent/good game
76561198057670615,Not Recommended,220440,10866154,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,"Regis-Robert, c'est mon prénom","The artistic direction is really good, you WANT to play, you WANT to love this game. But even if you try hard to, you won't be able to. :c"
,Recommended,220440,14212461,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Edelritter,"DmC tries too hard. ""Dante is cool in this one,"" it says, ""see these girls? He totally had sex with her last night. Sex is cool, right?""""And look at the bad guys,"" it gushes, ""they're metaphors for corporate sleazebags who try to keep society dumb and obedient. Enslavement through faux (Fox?) news and sugary drinks! Get it?""""You're the Resistance. You're standing up to the demons (corporate overlords) and insulting them in their faces! Ever wanted to say '♥♥♥♥ you' to the Man? Dude, we have you covered, there's so many '♥♥♥♥ you' lines in this game that you're going to feel empowered as all♥♥♥♥♥♥""There's the seed for a good plot in there somewhere, buried beneath piles of awkward dialogue, oversimple characterization and the promotion of social-commentary-that-should-be-subtext into neon-lettered, 50-foot high signage. Dante isn't really likeable, the storytelling is awkward and I was embarrassed several times watching really badly-written dialogue exchanges. Worse, I found myself cheering for Virgil, the more put-together brother who bothers thinking ahead to what's going to happen after he and Dante bring down the Evil Overlord. What's wrong with being the guy in charge of picking up the pieces after the world is turned upside down, again? I guess it's bad because DmC has a very marked punk ideology and becoming the authorities goes against that?So why do I recommend DmC? The gameplay is pretty good, and that should be the main reason for you to buy this. Not as good as Devil May Cry 3, but then what is?"
,Recommended,220440,11112894,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,crsteinb,"For a reboot/prequel, DMC checks all the right boxes when it comes to nods from the original series, refresh on game mechanics and overall introduction to those new to the series. I really enjoyed the gameplay but that was not surprising comging from the Ninja Theory team as all of their games have been strong in that department.What I did not care for in this game was the camera controls. There were many instances where the camera was stuck in a corridor or on a wall and I was not able to rotate it without moving my position (which sometimes this was very difficult due to the current camera angle I was in). Overall, not the worst third person camera angle ever, and compared to the rest of the series, it really wasn't unexpected. However, being made in the Unreal engine, I had hoped for better.Ninja Theory did an amazing job uitilizing the rendering power of the Unreal Engine as the levels were not just physically beautiful, but the way the environment reacted to your presence was something that I really had not seen done in previous games. The use of the environment shaders and particle effects in this game were astounding. I really felt like I was playing in an extended scene from Constantine with a heavy metal thrash soundtrack.Definitely recommend this game to those who have enjoyed the other Devil May Cry games, however they should be prepared for Dante's mannerisms to be different than the previous games, but in a fresh sense more inline with modern youth rebellion behavior. New people to the series should also like this game if they like games like God of War or the like. Since it is a prequel/reboot, no knowledge of the previous games stories are necessary to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,220440,13515828,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,1up,For me THE best hack n slash. I love the Devil May Cry series since the first one but this one is definitly my favourite. Its so different yet so beautiful. The Stages are all different and weird.
,Recommended,220440,22342123,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,uauizaui | Finding more rum!,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!!!The soundtrack is the best, makes everything a lot better while you smash every bone from their body!The combat system is flawless!I don't get the hate on the new Dante, I think he looks better than before and it suits the game better like this!"
,Recommended,220440,8139292,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,medicinal high five,"♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, ♥♥♥♥ ninja theory, and ♥♥♥♥ YOU"
,Recommended,220440,20294266,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mike Hunt,"its pretty decent, worth buying when it is on sale."
,Recommended,220440,8120973,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,News Bot,"I actually ended up liking this a lot more than I expected. The story is naturally pretty woeful, but the gameplay is solid fun."
,Recommended,220440,8206091,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mordja,"DmC Devil May Cry is one of the best games I've played this year. Weapon switching is a little weird, but the combat is amazing, and the graphics are high-end as well."
,Recommended,220440,8206639,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Abuzz,BGE
76561198167058064,Recommended,220440,20277894,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Fahafa917,It had a really good story and was worth the money.
,Recommended,220440,18865830,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,AnsuzThurisaz,Deffinitely played this game far more than I originally gave it credit for. Go in with low expectations and you'll have a blast.
76561198131963325,Recommended,220440,15017043,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Synystar,My ALL TIME FAVORITE GAME EVER!!! PLATINUM TROPHY ON PS3! GONNA GET ALL THE ACHIVEMENTS ON PC AS WELL xD ALSO IT RUNS AT 60 FPS WICH IS 30 MORE THAN WHAT I HAD ON CONSOLE NOT TO METION ITS IN FULL 1080p10/10 FOR SYNYSTAR :p
76561198069820374,Recommended,220440,8566292,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,s.xiaoh,Good game!
,Recommended,220440,8538135,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Viet4k,GG DMC GG
76561198015994881,Recommended,220440,13568995,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,The Guy with Lag,"Absolutely recommended.This game does not deserve the hate it gets. Please do not take hate comments and undermining comments you may find on the internet seriously. I belive they hate the game becouse they are slaves to their nostalgia. This game changed some main aspects of the game, including characters. I am not a die hard devil may cry fan and this is the first game i play on the series, and i can say with clear confidence, that this game is absolutely great. The story, the combat, *PERFECT animation quality* ,the update system. makes you feel great as you slash your way trough your foes.to be an objective critic: althought the voices for the characters are nicely selected, they sound like someone who looks like the characters, however you may feel lack of emotion in voice *acting* as if they are just told to read a paper and nothing else. Voices are nice, but the acting part. Platforming can get a bit tidious as you progress and the quality of animation of jumping is really lacking some pottential, jumping is the only animation that quality falls behind devil may cry standarts, as if you are like pulled up with a rope on your neck and then pulled down with another rope on your leg. Not the smoothest.As much as these go, they are only small nitpicks compared to the bigger picture of the game. Quality concept. Considering the amount of screw ups with sequals to series novadays (hint*) This is a modern must have title. You will not be dissapointed, discount or full price, worths every penny."
,Recommended,220440,8352526,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,babychristian,hehe
,Not Recommended,220440,17715008,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Minister,what even happened to dante lmao
76561198037463952,Recommended,220440,17951657,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Seby123456789,i know a lot of die hard devil may cry fans may not like this game but for me this was my first one and i have to tell you i played it non stop and i loved it i mean it looks good plays pretty solid like and well there was just not a whole lot to not like so if you are deciding to buy the game or not i say go for it i really am glad i did.
,Recommended,220440,8614739,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Tyyr,yay
,Recommended,220440,12112961,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Bryce,"I've only played 2 hours, and I already love it. Its perfect. Heavy metal plays in the background as you hack and slash away at demons and angels. The guy is a complete badass and the story is actually pretty good. The camera views are what I love. It always stays on your character, all though you have control over the camera. Most games don't have that. Its great. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,220440,8316995,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,★Jetjam★,"So I don't know why I haven't played this sooner, but it is amazing. Could not recommend a game more."
,Recommended,220440,245217,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,rey de low priority,"People say that they don't like this DMC but in my opinion it's one of the best action games that I've played in years. Everything is solid, the writing, the enviornment, the combat (for the most part). You have to play on the hardest difficulty though, otherwise it'll probably be really easy. Treat it like an action movie and you'll love it."
76561198092045502,Recommended,220440,14958413,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ScratchMatch #Hacked,"really good game, definetly would get all the other devil may cry game series. u like to kill stuff and spam attacks? this game is the game you wanna get. 10/10."
76561198122126497,Recommended,220440,10726804,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cammie Vaseline,"This game is absolutely amazing! Even though it strays from the original series it is still fundementally a DMC game in all senses. Thecombat is insanely smooth, allowing easy transition from move to move, as well as posing as a challenge. This game has a really compelling storyline that incorporates DMC lore and old character favorites. A must buy for any DMC fan or just somebady looking for a great game."
,Recommended,220440,16263952,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,my favourite time is abortion,Absolutely delicious.
,Recommended,220440,16270623,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Kryton Kyoto,Awesome storyline.  Addicting gameplay.  a fun game to play many times over.  One of my absolute favorite single player games.
76561198139689538,Recommended,220440,16284912,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rusty,Great game
,Recommended,220440,16308521,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Warboss Vitali,"This game had some of the best combat in any hack-n-slash that I've seen, which is par for the course in this series I'd say. The huge number of enemy types force you to adapt your strategy in new ways, which is great to shake things up, as some enemies can't be beaten just by running up to their face and mashing attack. The stages look fantastic, as they're all warped, colorful, and dynamic, which is a godsend in this age of ""Gray-Brown: The Shooter."" The upgrade system is token at best, but it seems every game has a token upgrade system these days. The issue is it's a bit short, but there's probably a good bit of replayability with the scores of difficulty modes.Of course, the elephant in the closet is that Dante does not have white hair. If this seriously is a problem for you, grow up. If you can't handle the fact that he's different in this game, then you're honestly a child who needs to leave their comfort zone. This Dante is scores better than Nero, and he is not ""emo"" in the slightest. Yes, he mopes at one point in the game, but considering what happened, I'd be worried if he didn't get depressed. A character showing sadness is not a bad thing, it's a character trait, but in this age of ""MANLY MEN"" doing ""MANLY THINGS,"" I guess showing any emotional weakness is a flaw.Apologies for the rant, but it's kind of a sore spot for me. The idea that people don't play this fantastic game just because Dante doesn't have white hair is downright ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197969426231,Recommended,220440,16316066,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Bobar bubbub,This game is cool thank you for reading my review.
,Recommended,220440,16326787,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Chrissy,"I know this game garnered a lot of hate, but I personally loved the different, sort of modernistic touch they took with this one. I also have an affinity for urban art, so the colorful urban scrawl also caught my attention. The story wasn't crazy amazing, but it held me long enough to want to see its completion. As usual, the action and style of DmC still has the grading system, but I feel this one was a easier to get a better grade than previous titles.All in all, 9/10, would recommend."
,Recommended,220440,16337322,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Tagzard,"Great Hacnk n slash game. Great Story, it kinda dragged the first 2 hours, but the last 6-8 were fantastic. Amazing gameplay."
,Recommended,220440,15972669,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tayticus,Epic soundtrack
,Recommended,220440,15976878,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,SILVER ROCKET,"There is no denying for the fact that the new Dante was not a well established protagonist. Although the developer Ninja Theory might slightly missed their aim for the moon, they definitely landed themselves among the stars. DMC : Devil May Cry is without doubt a game that has been well thought of from its mechanics, all the way to its overall design. This is a reboot done right.DMC : Devil May Cry lets you play as Dante, an angel and demon hybrid that lost his memories from early childhood and possesses the ability to travel in-between worlds called Limbo, a twisted alternatives of the real world. In this world, every secrets, lies and deceit of the powerful, evil (literally) bank CEO that controls the economy are exposed, but only Dante are able to see them. Experience as Dante teams up with a splinter group as they tries to send the devil back into corporate hell (literally. okay I should stop saying that).If the summary of the story sounds somewhat ridiculous to you, trust me when I say that the story was delivered flawlessly in the game. I do not know how the developers able to achieve it, but they did it.Review Summary -You should forgive this game for its :- Majority of the characters in the game are not likeable to some degree, but at least their motives are deep enough to give them a bit of character.- If you ended up hated listening to the new Dante when he is talking, you could always mute the sound. No big deal, come on.- PC controls can be difficult to master, but god bless the option to be able to remap the keys. So you could find the control sets that suits you.You should LOVE this game for its :- EXCELLENT FULL BODY MOCAP. The in game cinematics was well made, and the excellent mocap contributes a lot for its delivery in storytelling. Their facial expressions is extremely lifelike.- EXCELLENT GAMEPLAY AND COMBAT ANIMATIONS - Good job for Ninja Theory that chooses fully keyframed animations  just like the old DMC. Keyframed animations (compared to dynamic animations like Euphoria) allows for a very well translated moves, seeing Dante in combat has never been so realistic and believable. Every swing of Rebellion (the name of the sword) looks realistic and carries inertia with them.- WIDE RANGE OF ENEMY TYPES offers new challenges as you progressing further in the game, so there is no such thing as repetitive combat playstyles.- TRUE DIFFICULTY. Did you know, on higher difficulties, enemies and bosses not only react more quickly, but the also possesses new combat moves when attacking. This ultimately creates new experiences and rewards huge replay value for the players. Cool, right? Some developers went lazy in higher difficulty by raising ONLY the hit points and damage dealt upon the player. So job well done Ninja Theory.- A REBOOT DONE RIGHT. Ninja Theory is daring and strong enough to take this franchise to new directions. Without taking too much from the old material but only the amazing combat play, the developers has made a game worthy for a reboot. Ninja Theory does not rely on the power of nostalgia, but they believed that some originality will still appeal to most gamers out there, and they are right.The unforgiving thing about this :-The final boss fight is a huge disappointment. Enjoy the fight with regular enemies and early bosses as much as you can. Its a damn shame, the combat mechanics can be used exponentially, but they ended up as some gigantic fat♥♥♥♥♥blob for the final boss. urghh.- No DMC sequel. Are you kidding me capcom? Canned the sequel for a reboot? Because the sales did not met expectations? Thats a ♥♥♥♥♥ slap to the fans of the new reboot. Sorry boys.-The only bad thing about this game is only the characters. Thats unfortunate, but If you think you are going to dislike the reboot, there is always the old franchise for you to play. They're not yet extinct, people. There is a franchise for almost everybody out there.Final Verdict""DMC is a game that remains true to the core of classic hack and slash games, while offering new directions in storytelling and dynamic level designs. A game worthy for a reboot. 9/10."""
76561198100668580,Recommended,220440,16004680,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,SmugLEAF,"Fast paced, action packed, one of the best hack and slash adventures of a lifetime. Stunning visuals, interesting story and at times funny. I certainly enjoyed this game and I recommend it ti anyone who likes to kick demon♥♥♥♥♥and look cool while at it."
76561198108534750,Recommended,220440,16005230,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Fons,"Pros:-Awesome combat system-Awesome soundtrack-Awesome platforming-Awesome, 10 hours of gameplay storyOnly issue is that the controls are just a little hard to get the hang of. I imagine a 360 controller would be much easier on your fingers in high pressure fighting/platforming situations.Also story is the only game mode avalible without dlc, which hurts the replay value a bit.This game was my introduction to the Devil May Cry series. I figured I'd enjoy it because beat 'em ups are the best, but this one takes the cake. 10/10"
,Recommended,220440,16007132,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mr. Moodles,"Let me start by saying that this is the first Devil May Cry game I've played, and I therefore won't compare it to any other games in the franchise. Having said that, I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The combat is fun and simple to learn, its not hard to make new combos, and the story was intriguing and amusing. Controller support was also a crucial factor. If you're like me and just wanted a nice hack n slash game with a cool story to get into, jump right in and grab this game, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,220440,16020990,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,d_strakosch,"I enjoy this reboot more than the original series - it plays a lot like Bayonetta, although I personally prefer Bayonetta.Basically the game is about performing stylish combos. In this way it is a lot like a rhythm game or even an extreme sports game like Tony Hawk's Pro Skater in the sense that your main goal (other than beating levels and not dying) is to link together seamless combos.Don't be disheartened if you suck at this game at first - I really did. It makes great use of all of the buttons on the controller (I played with an Xbox 360 controller). You must be constantly messing with the shoulder buttons and using them in tandem with ABXY as the shoulder buttons change your weapons on the fly when you're holding them. It's a system that was difficult for me to get used to, but after about four hours I was handling it pretty well.The main game doesn't take very long to beat, but the fun of it is being able to play the game again on harder difficulties. The main difficulty is not very hard, and I rarely died. But as you get into the higher difficulties that are unlocked as you beat previous difficulties the game tests your ability to quickly think up smart combos and understand how to deal with each enemy.Aside from the gameplay, the game has a fantastic presentation and a decent story. The story is predictable and bland, but it serves the game and it is satisfying when you finally get to take down the games main bad dude.The presentation is wonderful - really cool colors, especially when you take the contrast between the ""real world"" and ""limbo"" into consideration, which I think was intentional. The real world is really depressing and bland, but limbo is ridiculous and colorful.Very cool game and I highly recommend it now that it's cheaper."
,Recommended,220440,10731197,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Kyubeycornio,I didn't expect this Devil May Cry would be so good! Very recommended
,Recommended,220440,8196658,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ragna,Sick
,Recommended,220440,2105321,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,Merchant2006 - Streaming Live!,"Ah DmC DmC DmC... where to begin with you, my lovely reboot. Whilst the entire fanbase and the general public foam at the mouth at the thought of Dante being an eccentric, over the top tough guy with a superiority complex and a disregard for authority... sorry, that's an explanation of Dante. What I mean to say is that they foam at the mouth because he doesn't look like a pretty boy Japanese Anime Character and white hair.Complaints flood the internet about the storyline of DmC and how it is ""stupid"" or ""nonsensical"". I wholeheartedly agree, it's a ridiculous storyline but since when was DMC revered for its storyline? From all the DMC titles I've played, there never has been a great storyline. It's the combat, action and visuals that people want, and DmC delivers with a SSSensational result.Combat is the best. There. I said it. No other DMC title has combat that flows so well together. The visuals and art style are brilliant, with the demonic affected 'Limbo' worlds tearing apart as reality collapses around you. Enemies are fast and deadly and whilst it may seem easy to tear up the goons and hit a solid SS rank, the higher the difficulty then the harder it is to maintain those top ranks.Music also kicks in. DMC4 had one basic tune for the majority of the battle fights whereas DmC constantly kicks you in the nuts with Combichrist & Noisia tracks that really do suit the absurdity of the situation Dante is in. Yes. I'm gushing over this game. I used to really rip into this title with D0nT3 & his bro VIRG1n but I can't help but smile and realise that buying this game was money well spent. I haven't had such a good time on a DMC title before, heck I enjoy this more than I did with DMC3.If you want a true opinion then don't search for it online. Take it from me, the game is brilliant and the replayability is geared at 500%, you'll find yourself coming back for more and more and more. I know I will. This is definately a worthwhile purchase. Don't buy Dead Space 3. Buy DmC instead. 8/10!"
,Recommended,220440,8208649,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,gibgun,One of the best and most underrated games of 2013. If you don't even give it a try you're an idiot.
,Recommended,220440,7439967,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Brigh Guy,"Great third-person action game.  This is the best Devil May Cry game to me.  The controls are well-designed, the combat is satisfying, and the story is told very well.  If you enjoy these types of games, this is an excellent title to add to your collection."
76561198089202156,Recommended,220440,13525314,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Heliox,"I really loved playing this game. The only downside is the unoptimized support for keyboard and mouse. It is way better with a gamepad. Still a great game even without  gamepad tho. Only played it through once but im looking forward to playing it again. Just one hint, dont buy it for full price since it's already older and don't expect great grafik."
,Recommended,220440,12642190,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Urbansasquatch,"I know this is like treason saying this because I am a long time DMC fan and never really gave this game shot. But I am so glad I did. If you can get yourself in the right mindset and know that this is a reboot and not connected to the old games at all, this is without question THE best DMC game ever made. Its combat is flawless, it looks amazing, the story makes more sense then any of the others (not saying much), and holy crap for a PC port it runs soooooo well. I absolutly love this game."
76561198075465231,Recommended,220440,23016352,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ElderCaster,Good game. 9/10
76561198186646398,Recommended,220440,22803753,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,that one kid,FIX LEVEL F***ING 12!
,Recommended,220440,18848697,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,TIDE |blue gloves,Im 2hours in and this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥characters are awesome story is dope combat kicks♥♥♥♥♥and graphics look great but game is easy to run im playing @2560by1440 and frame rates are in the 80's.
,Recommended,220440,8468336,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,◐ Dexterious ◑,This game is well worth the money that you spend on it. It gives you hours upon hours of fun and enjoyment.
76561198058235203,Recommended,220440,20077754,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Makarone Sendwicis,"10/10wicked game... the cinema,gameplay,music stands out 10/10.And the storyline isn't bad either.ps: love Dante ;)"
,Recommended,220440,8410382,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Redxplatinum,"DmC: Devil May Cry was getting a bad response ever since they released a game trailer showing a different Dante from the previous four entries; a silent Dante with black hair being tortured by demons who smokes. Since then, the fans have been bashing the game for that reason. But how much of the trailer reached the main game, and how much of the original series were kept?The main game still has the black hair Dante, but he's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the beginning, lives in a trailer with pizza and a ""sexual deviant.""  The last part was a joke but.. Anyways, the game lets you hold on to five different weapons with 1 button switch; 2 blues, 2 reds, and Rebellion. The blue weapons are fast and crowd control, red are slow but do heavy damage, and Rebillion is your standard sword. The game has demons that can only be killed by a specific colour of weapon, which I hate. There are 3 firearms; dual pistols, shotgun and tazer. They are nerfed so badly that I never really used them.The style mechanics from DMC3 and DMC4 aren't in the game, but they are there. Trickster is present in the form of angel evade, and angel glide, Swordmaster/Gunsliger are there with Circle/B button with the weapon out. Royalguard is there with the parry mechanic. The styles are there, but just aren't labelled styles. They are accessible without the need of switching styles."
,Recommended,220440,15095929,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,1000 degree fidget spinner,"Pretty bad compared to the last dmc.The colored enemies thing where you can only hit blue / red enemies with a blue / red weapon, is just a flat out lame idea. It adds nothing.All the other content is pretty good though."
,Recommended,220440,13155823,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Dip,Funnest game I've ever played before. Stay awesome Capcom!
,Recommended,220440,16283774,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,MattyBoy,"Amazing game, just buy it."
76561198038670413,Recommended,220440,14934785,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Lycosa,Great Devil May Cry game... good fighting mechaniX fun gameplay
76561198087041512,Recommended,220440,10819452,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,leavenworthA:6,About as fun as lighting urinals on fire at 5am. 10/10.
76561198073474696,Recommended,220440,10776461,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,dollardaze7,I started to play dmc and now i am hooked .this is one of the best games i own.the fightingin it is awsome .if you get this game i dont think you will be disappointed
,Recommended,220440,15992176,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,teddybeartears,"From the perspective of someone who hasn't played the previous games.Pros:- Sick soundtrack- Solid mechanics- Nice, colorful graphics- Interesting story- Deep characters (fell in love with the female one 4 minutes in)- Surprisingly great acting- Nice variety of weapons/upgrades- Game is always fair but challenging, no cheap shots- No ""where dafuq do I go?"" momentsCons:- Not enough time between action to stuff my face with doritosTL;DR- God of War on steroids"
76561198202525263,Recommended,220440,16734792,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Hugh Mungus,Awsome game the story make me hate Mundus and the end made me hate Vergil.The game is very funny.The gameplay is the best gameplay of all the games in this serius but sometimes i found some little bugs but is okay.The new dante is great he is funny and badass.My final verdict to this game is 9 out of 10
76561198142406900,Recommended,220440,16690130,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Party.Bois,Better than Devil May Cry 4 special edition Nuff said
76561198072946051,Recommended,220440,16730235,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Tyindris,awesome game!!
,Recommended,220440,16635009,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Staccato,>tons of fun>stunning graphics>endless combos>one of my favorite hack and slash series
,Recommended,220440,17027795,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Highlander,"The best! Some changes are difficult to accept, but if you're a fan from the DMC franchise you should give this game a try."
,Recommended,220440,18138822,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Vash The Vicious,"DMC Fan through and through.Check my Steam.  DMC3. DMC4, DMC4:SE  DmC:DmCPlayed the orginal on PS2, and even played the 2nd game which we shall never speak of.I cannot begin to explain how good of a game this really is.  To Start the theme.  An american city, A demon lord that has more less taken over the world.This of course cannot be the same games as the previous ones.  While the orginals are amazing.  This game too is amazing for the evenviorment that it is set in.This refreashing twist to DmC could make for a great duel layer franchise, as well as reboots of plenty of characters.  Which I would find interesting.Does this game give you the standard hack and slash of the other Devil may cry games?  NONow, Hold that thought.  Many of the enemys in this one are more of a tactical thing.  Dodging, Avoiding, Smashing.  Not the normal, Oh look they have that purble haze on them, better hit them with strong attack.The controls are just as roubust as the old games.  Rather then using the triggers scroll though weapons it activates your angelic and demonic weapons.  I found myself switching through various weapons causing massive mayham just as I would with other games.So is this a real DMC game?  To me, yes.Buy it, Play it, Kill everything.  Trust me.......... It is worth it.  Just remove the old storys from you minds and go with the flow."
76561198120242092,Recommended,220440,18037657,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Zero,"DMC: Devil May Cry is a reboot of the old Devil May Cry series. Lots of controversy has been had over Dante's new look, but I personally never really cared since I have never played any other DMC game (even though I eventually planned to since the  Spectacle fighter sub-genre is my favorite game genre). Now this game is a very fun spectacle fighter that lasts about 8-10 hours with the Vergil DLC adding another hour or two. Now the story in this game isnt very strong, but it is good enough to keep you invested. The combat in this game is amazing and very different to that of other spectacle fighters like Ninja Gaiden or God of War. You can switch weapons mid swing from a sword to an axe to a scythe. There are a total of 8 weapons and they are all very fun to use. The bosses are also a ton of fun to fight and can give you a challenge, especially the final boss. In my opinion the final boss in this game is one of the best final bosses in any game I've played so far. He legitimately feels like you equal and the area around you changes as you fight him and he is not easy, but not hard either. More games should take notes and make bosses more like DMC's final boss. Overall this game gets a 9/10 and is very fun and the story is decent and I highly recommend you play it if you like hack and slash games."
,Recommended,220440,17092710,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,★Recon★,"game runs great shame the games not definitive edition so no dlc with it, nevertheless its still a awsome game if you have a bloodlust and you need to kill get this game 9/10"
76561198042186792,Recommended,220440,17096213,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,erik_schmidt_13,"Awesome graphics, bangin soundtrack, demon killing, a plethora of badass weapons, a storyline and plot that's engaging making you scream for more while sending enemies at you from all directions.It's challenging, awe inspiring and just one hell of a great game.If you're still on the fence about playing it, you need to hop off and claim your destiny as a demon killer.Played it through 2 times already and going for a 3rd.  You can be quick but it really pays to hone your craft with weapons and upgrades."
76561198053340614,Recommended,220440,16976280,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,the killer sandvich,awsome game you must buy it if its on sale
,Recommended,220440,16971129,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Adrianzhang123,"Vergil has a dank fedora, untill you kick his♥♥♥♥♥in the final boss fight, Come on guys we need a better final boss then vergil.  otherwise 10/10"
76561198017081103,Recommended,220440,16983905,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,coutts,"Did they need to do a reboot?Probably not, but Ninja Theory an amzing job.DMC3CE is one of my all time favoutite games, and always will be be.At the VERY worst this is a tremendous tribute to be paid to it.It is so much fun, just buy it and enjoy."
,Recommended,220440,16999961,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,LoveYourSenpai,Bad♥♥♥♥♥game with bad♥♥♥♥♥music <3
,Recommended,220440,16717483,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Mit,The devil WILL cry after I'm done with his ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220440,8357478,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Depressed Soviet,One of my top 10
,Recommended,220440,8340010,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The Prime Rib,"amazingly fun.Not quite as good as the older Dante,but this Dante is kinda cool with the one liners,plus the random ""♥♥♥♥ you Dante""and ""DIE"" signs are always nice,so if you're looking for a fun game,this is a fun game.oh yeah,and you dont really need to  play the other games to be in with the story."
,Recommended,220440,7315168,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Prigle,"Great combat system, and the visuals are fantastic at times."
,Recommended,220440,17290847,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,DEX,Best DmC EVER!
,Recommended,220440,25046386,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Djoodi,"I don't really get it. This game got a ton of hate. It plays fine, and gmaeplay is super fluid. Not sure why people hate this... maybe because they wanted the original looking Dante back.All in all, good game :D"
,Recommended,220440,31160500,Posted: 15 April,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions reviewDmC: Devil May Cry is a game developed by Ninja Theory and published by Capcom and is a reboot of the Devil May Cry seriesThis game gets more hate than I think it deserves. Yeah, the writing is pretty lacking, the combat is nowhere near as deep as previous Devil May Cry games (from what I've seen) and the aesthetic is very hit-or-miss, but is DmC a bad game?Absolutely not!There's still a lot of depth here. The weapon system is readily accessible, and I never had any issues holding the triggers to switch melee weapons on the fly- it's very flexible and intuitiveAs for the audio, the soundtrack is actually pretty okay. The Nine Inch Nails and Deadmau5 knockoffs on this game's OST are pretty catchy, and this is coming from someone who doesn't care for dubstep and the likeAll in all, DmC: Devil May Cry is an underappreciated game that is totally worth checking out regardless of your opinions on the rest of the seriesNot in a million years...RECOMMENDED :)"
,Not Recommended,220440,16837800,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,rbrito84,"I bought the game during the summer sale and must say, I am a bit disappointed. I haven't finished it, but after a few missions, I found myself just playing to finish it. I eventually just stopped because I wasn't having fun. For a button masher, the combo system felt lacking even with the constant new weapons you receive and the upgrades for it didn't help more than confuse with even more lackluster combos to memorize."
,Not Recommended,220440,20338639,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ZadeZM,"Good gameplay, good graphics, but repetitve enemies, and cliche story. i beat it in 13 hours and i payed 30 dollars for it. not worth it. 6/10"
76561198061786965,Recommended,220440,32105022,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,M'boy
,Recommended,220440,23176249,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Neon Sears,"Best DmC game. Dante isn't lame for once. I'm sure I'll get bashed by fanboys for saying that though. Also, I found the game to play very well on keyboard and mouse. Been playing it again on PS4 though."
76561198007197608,Recommended,220440,22077362,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,[S]almon,"A decent action platformer, although playing with a keyboard like I did will quickly give you Carpal Tunnel Syndrome. Basically feels like you're playing through a Michael Bay movie, and is targeted at the same audience of 13 year old boys."
76561198078243561,Recommended,220440,17435377,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Shadow Moon,"Honestly, I was disappointed when they announced that this was the next series of Devil May Cry. Because I was huge fan of DmC series. But it was totally different game. They just used its title and character's name. Game saved well its unique action and system.The only lack of this game is story.Nonetheless, It's fine game."
,Recommended,220440,17446063,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,!!-*Trickster*-!! ^^,Very nice immerse platform levels. Comfortable controls that gives excellent build up to the hack and slash with vast arsenal of weapons. Revamped plot of original DMC is more expanded and explained.
76561198036159822,Recommended,220440,17464037,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Zerithos,"Drop that♥♥♥♥♥♥with the new Dante... If you like the other Devil May Cry games, then this one is a very fitting reboot.I've not played the other DmC, this is my introduction to the series. (How good this game was, prompted me to buy DmC 4 and 3)Gameplay:Is very well done. Your hack and slash just got more awesome. With various sick weapons you gather along the way you can use, there is a HUGE playground for combos and styles. I never stopped toying around with the different things you can come up with. No QTEs (Thank god), the bossfight are ♥♥♥♥ing badass. Period. As if the game is not hard enough for you... you have various modes, each taking more extreme hops in impossibility. (Highest mode: Dante Must Die mode, oh don't even start...)10/10Story:I may not have played the other DmC, but I have many cousins who are huge fans, therefore influence being indirect. Cannot say I dig the particular personality they stuck to the new Dante. (Pessimistic, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, failed attempt at swagger.) Storyline was mediocre. For this type of game, story isn't emphasized. But, it was good overall.7/10Visuals:Very ecstatic. The world design they have done with Limbo is almost mesmerizing. Level design was also very good, pertaining to your regular action game genre expectations. With a little height of difficulty of course. (Getting around with the angel snitch and the demon pull sometimes) For the new decade, these graphics are very adequate.9/10Music:MMMMMMMMMM. HELL YES.10/10Overall: 9/10This game was awesome. Get it, unless you don't want to deal with the new Dante. (Justin Bieber look-alike?!?!)"
,Recommended,220440,17435435,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,konpachi,Great reboot. Want to play sequel.
,Recommended,220440,32858020,Posted: 27 June,all,klaWN //autismo.win,"Way better game than people say, i still like old dante way more tho..."
,Recommended,220440,33156854,Posted: 2 July,all,Szyder,"That soundtrack, art, action, gameplay... 10/10"
76561198260630504,Recommended,220440,33077416,Posted: 1 July,all,I_MISS_YOU,nc game recommended
76561198116254829,Recommended,220440,33247607,Posted: 4 July,all,Пiпетаilеdfбх,I like the game so far
,Recommended,220440,8277521,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Dakk,"Better than the original DMC. You will see a lot of people going on about the old Dante and how this one is horrible. Don't listen to those people. Comparing the New and old Dante, you'll find that the old one is just plain boring compared to this one. I actually hate the old Dante now just because of how generic the character's personality is.All round great game, captures the original play style with a new-ish feel to it. I enjoyed it."
76561198053432564,Recommended,220440,12738691,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Gottloß,"I went into this thinking ""Dammit, Dante doesn't have white hair. This can't be as good as the other games."" But god damn. This game is great. It definitely isn't long. I beat it the day after I bought it. But it does have a lot of replayablity value. 8.5/10. Would recommend."
76561198039424264,Recommended,220440,9608701,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Killjoy1893,Fanstasitc fighting game
76561198086762611,Recommended,220440,9609631,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,ImWithSteveO,The soundtrack alone gets this game a thumbs up.
76561198072026241,Recommended,220440,28951784,Posted: 2 January,all,Cyral Drive,Yea
76561198030084353,Not Recommended,220440,8626285,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Zephreus,"This isnt as deep or long an experience as even DMC4, but it's a decent beat-em-up.Its not terribly difficult at the highest initially unlocked difficulty and the story isn't all that engaging.It looks okay, but is by no means the best looking or ugliest game out there.They tried way too hard to make Dante be an aloof jackass-turned-caring good guy, but the game wasn't long enough to allow you to care all that much.Despite all that, I enjoyed it for what it was worth. I don't think the gameplay could sustain my interest for much longer than it did, so the timing of the ending was very good, it did no overstay its welcome just in order to be longer. I'd say only buy this at a $10 or lower pricepoint."
,Not Recommended,220440,12244350,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Nekalis,DmC is probably the worst DMC aside from DMC 2. It's a pretty bare bones stylish action games with horrible visuals. Appearently somebody likes swearing alot too. Go pick up DMC 4 and Metal Gear Rising instead of this.
76561198036164392,Not Recommended,220440,16801409,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,gunmetal-pink,"Let me just start this by saying: I'm having fun with this game. Well, I was, anyway. The system requirements are questionable as to whether they'll get you a working 640x480 or a stuttering mess at times. The game can be cheap as hell. It requiring fine responses from you but it can be a flip of a coin at times whether it will accept important dodge moves or just ignore them. Hit detection can be all over the place, with a chainsaw holding enemy managing to hit without their weapon making contact, or miss while the chainsaw goes through Dante. The level design can be confusing, with times all I could think was ""What do you want from me?"" as I try to determine where the next neatly disguised platform has been hidden, resulting in not even realising which order the game was after. The method of accessing platforms (one grappling hook for pulling them out, one for pulling Dante to them) seems confusing as to when it will decide to acknowledge Dante is in a suitable place. And the sections where Dante has to outrun walls closing in can be nightmarish in its' ignoring attempts to jump and furthering the need for good reaction times. The end result is a game that takes your health for its' inability to follow through on jumping (a fall ""off the map"" costs Dante health) and dodging, then penalises you for using items to heal that health. A game that confuses with poorly designed platforming sections and things to hit on the wall, then takes away score for taking a while to work out what comes next. A game that makes some enemies a chore (the afforementioned chainsaw weilding ones, anything in the air that requires a lock on that ends with the game focusing Dante on the wrong enemies), then you lose score if you shoot at them because it's the only way the game won't play cheap and steal health and cause frustration through making it far more dangerous to Dante's health than actually fighting against them would be without all the issues mentioned here. That's saying nothing for the maybe 15 frames per second I'm getting or the 5 seconds where the game will just stop in some areas (I think when it's trying to do pop-in of partially transparent character models in a wide space), including during battle.The game can be fun, at times. It's a lot more whimsical than previous entries and feels more enjoyable (as someone who has played previous Devil May Cry games), with a plot that helps keep up the interest. But it's getting more of a chore than it may be worth for me now, what with the unfair mess it has turned into.Not recommended.(game played with Xbox 360 wireless controller, computer meets and/or exceeds system requirements)"
,Not Recommended,220440,14000577,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Algaier,"Though i did play the entire game and the dlc, i almost stopped halfway a lot of times. Its a bad port, repetitive and has a bad story. Theres better games of the same genre on steam that i can recommend but not this one.Joguei todo o jogo e o dlc, mas quase desisti varias vezes. Jogo mal convertido e pesado, repetitivo, com uma historia fraca e personagens ruins. Tem jogos melhores no steam, do mesmo genero e que eu recomendo, mas não esse. Joguei só porque paguei."
76561198052104395,Not Recommended,220440,14781327,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Super ginni,its not good-yung gun
76561197988503542,Not Recommended,220440,16775559,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,EnderofCake,"Overall the game is OK. I would say 6.5 out of 10.Graphics are decent and the combat system is enjoyable.This game lacks in the storyline being boring.The original DMC was good because it was mostly serious with a couple one liners, this game, however, is all onliners. If they want to keep this series going I would say they should go back to the original.Also the DLC Vergil's Downfall is absolute garbage. They cheaped out on cut scenes and did comic style animation.This game is worth 7$ tops."
,Not Recommended,220440,14780693,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,epic fail,"Where to begin? It's a decent game, but not one that belongs in the Devil May Cry universe. it has anice aesthetic but that's about it. The story is somewhat of a carbon coby from DCM3, which is imo a much much better game.The combatd is flawed, too slow, and you can't combo because there are color coded enemies on which only 1 of your weapons will work, so a scoring a long combo to get points is out of the question, not that it matters anyway.The combat ""style"" meter you see, is tied to how much damage you do and really easy to maintain. There's no challenge in it what so ever and makes the game uber easy. Alsotaking hints from GoW, your weapons range goes accros the screen. This is not how DMC should be.Devil trigger is absolutely useless because for some reason it launches all your enemies in the air. It's forcing you to go aerial, which is neat, but in other DMC games you had the CHOICE to do that and i was not a thing forcibly pushing mechanics.ALso where other DMC guys are riddled which exceptionally well designed boss battles, this one has only ONE memorable one, the bob bardas fight, and even that is way too easy.Conclusion: the levels and general aestethic look really nice, but it's gameplay that this game is lacking, a game needs more then just eyecandy to be good. It's like all other Ninja Theory games: they show promise but it's that ""Almost good, but not quite there yet"" why their games are so mediocre."
,Not Recommended,220440,15849679,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,VladVeland,"Pales greatly in comparison with all the previous versions. Even though the combat is nice, most of the personalities are repulsive, and the cinematic text looks like it was inspired by toxic behavior from MOBA players. Not nearly as compelling. Dante in this one is very detestable."
76561198108709660,Not Recommended,220440,15861404,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,adambattaglia79,Loved this game on the consoles but kinda disappoint that it crashes everything you open it.I suggest checking the posts to make sure this has been fixed before you purchase.   Otherwise it's a lot of fun and a decent re boot
76561198073341156,Not Recommended,220440,17782089,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,xIP3,"การanimateตอนเล่นแข็ง comboบนพื้นห่วย comboกลางอากาศที่ชมกันหนักหนาก็ท่าซ้ำๆลอยเติ่งกลางอากาสไม่มีน้ำหนักหน้าดันเต้ใหม่ก็ไม่แย่มากเท่าตัวในเทลเลอร์ก็ถือว่ายังมีการแก้ไข แต่จุดเด่นมันคือตอนcombat action พอทำออมาห่วยเลยพาลจะเล่นแล้วรู้สึกขัดหูขัดตา ไม่สนุก ซึ่งจุดขายจริงๆมันก็มีแค่นั้นเกมส์ Devil May Cry ที่ดี ต้องทำให้การเล่นทั้งหมดภายในเกมส์ = ประสบการณ์ที่ดี หรือกำลังดูหนังการ์ตูนต่อสู้มันส์ๆสักเรื่อง โดยไม่ใช่การ Spaming QTE-------ไม่เก่งeng แต่ขอแปลบ่นให้ฝรั่งฟังนิดนึงThe Animation is broken as ♥♥♥♥.Combo suck, Air Combo is spaming flying enermy, bad physic, bad dynamic.Real Devil May Cry game = Enjoyment when you fight with enermy, that will make you feel like you wacth a good action movie or action anime. Not a stupid cut sceen or cinnimetic that come with spaming Quick Time Event botton."
76561198151617743,Not Recommended,220440,18809234,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,ElderGear,"I got this game hoping that the people raging about the new game were just the loud obnoxious branch of the internet being idiots, but it came to be that they are not wrong this time, this game actually sucks♥♥♥♥♥ of course the main problem being Dante, it's bad enough that the new company remodeled him for the worst, they made his character so utterly boring i nearly cried. Then the stab at the old Dante was just plain disrespectful. Whatever #yolo#swag idiot decided this new DMC was a good idea should be damned."
,Not Recommended,220440,15185843,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,xD,WTF was that i finished DMC and virgils downfall in 10 hours wtf is that really stupid game u have to make it longer thanx
,Not Recommended,220440,15858387,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,AdmiralFalcon,The color coded enemies killed it for me. It murdered the variety of combos you can pull off.
,Not Recommended,220440,17010983,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Nachtraaf,Too much Limbo 5/100 - IGN
76561198037075409,Recommended,220440,27442949,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YinYangYolo,"Totally recommended !There are lots of weapons in this game which make it easy to learn - hard to master,because when i were done with a particular combat i either thought""meh, i beat the enemies, but it wasn't as satisfying as it could've been""(usually due to a brainlag and the resulting gap in a somewhat decent combo)or""HOLY CRAP ! THAT WAS TOTALLY FREAKING AWESOOOOME :DDD""(if everything went smooth and the combo strung together just fine)I had a lot of fun playing through the story, which is nice but not great - imo, it served well as ornamentation for the gameplay. Though, the camera is stubborn quite often, tbo."
,Not Recommended,220440,20490786,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Big Boy,"You see, I really like the Devil May Cry series, but this one.....Oh man this one makes me want to hang myself"
,Not Recommended,220440,20810816,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,ManiacalPotato,Devil May Cry: Curse of the Killer Cutscenes
,Not Recommended,220440,18461855,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,#BrädgårdeN#,There's just no point for this game to exist really.
,Not Recommended,220440,18696752,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,][-][2K Renzo,"Not worth the money, i finnished the main story in 6-7 hours then spent the rest of my 12 hours total game time on bloody palace, compared to the other DmC titles this one is pathetic, with the others i wanted to replay the game find what i missed, explore more. with this? 1 play though n was sick of it, bloody palace was ""ok"" dmc1 was far better, and the FPS drop in the palace was unplayable after a while.i recommend buying the older titles of DMC. if u wanna fill the gaps in the story that this game offers then watch it on youtube and save your time/money for a game worth buying.game is worth maybe £10 max."
,Not Recommended,220440,13914014,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Gadzooks,"DmC is not a bad game. Its got great graphics, good music, well done voice acting, and smooth gameplay. So why am I not recommending it? For a couple reasons.1. Super repetitive. Everything from the areas you are in, to the challenges you must do, to the fights, and overall graphics. Oh look, its another part of the city thats getting mutated into a chaos realm. Joy. Hardly any variation. Levels in this game are what those special ""Artistic"" levels in other games do as that one time side mission. Only, these are EVERY part of the game. The gameplay in each is always the same too, with the game going through the same sets of scripted events over and over again. ""Oh, think you made it to the end of the level, NOPE, here are more enemies, or here's a roadblock that suddenly forms causing you to find another way."" Rinse, repeat. I kept hoping for even one level that didnt have that ""you've done way too many drugs"" look to it, and it hasnt yet happened. Overall, just playing through these levels and the gameplay, is dull.2. Too many combos. Sounds silly right? There comes a point when the 8+ buttons your fingers have to manage on a controller have surpassed the insane when it comes to various combinations they must learn and use. Its good for a game to have combos. Games like God of War showed this, Combos gives you that extra bit of exciting ""oomph"" to combat beyond bland button mashing. However, this game goes to the extreme with the amount of buton combinations you have to use, enough to tie your fingers in knots. It then scores you based on how many of these seemingly infinite combos you can do. The irony is, many of the enemies DIE before you can manage to do enough combos to often get a good combo rating.  This game is litterally like ""Twister"" for your fingers."
76561198117506043,Recommended,220440,12074839,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,gianttabby,"I already played DmC: Devil May Cry on consoles, so this review is coming from someone who knows the difference between both that version and the PC version. I'm also a DMC veteran who has played all the previous DMC games.The PC version definitely benefits alot as far as ports of fast action games go. Meaning that you get the 60 FPS gameplay that previous DMC games hold up for the more dexterous veterans. If nothing else, the Unreal Engine 3 visuals on PC still hold up nicely.However, few pre-rendered cutscenes will feel jarring to look at. Gameplay-wise, I still have an issue with the dumbed down Style Ranking and the red/blue enemies that force me to use only Angel/Demon weapons.If you're just in this visuals and spectacle, this game is worth checking out."
,Recommended,220440,13210312,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,magicalbeast36,10/10
,Recommended,220440,28119795,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,◄ ▬ S I Z E - [ S ] ▬ ►™,Legend Hack and Slash With Steam AchievementsThis DMC is better all Weapon Build-in on your controler Easier Control than old DMCBut Most Combo Still old schoolBTW if you are DMC fan this DMC is still Cool !!!
,Recommended,220440,961041,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Merry,- ♥♥♥♥ you!- ♥♥♥♥ you!!!- ♥♥♥♥ YOU!!!!!!!!!
76561198001223569,Recommended,220440,23604360,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Obi Wong,Rivals Devil May Cry 3 And I LOVE Devil May Cry 3
76561197988662051,Recommended,220440,33498541,Posted: 13 July,all,Leppi,10/10 would do LSD again
,Recommended,220440,17448349,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Serious Sams,"He is lean, mean and just kick♥♥♥♥♥Hours of gaming await in this hack slach and shooter game, alot of weapong modes and alot of combos.Enjoy it NOWH!!!!"
,Recommended,220440,8527746,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,sniper_at,"Awesome hack and slash. Does have some annoying parts, but great overall."
,Not Recommended,220440,24138458,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,CrashMagnet,A strange ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ization of an older PS2 classic. The visuals are the best part of this rendition; the odd mixture of settings along with the profanity et al. ruins the haunting immersion of the original. Clunky controls (keyboard and gamepad) have this game falling short in both the story and gameplay department.
,Recommended,220440,12212338,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,BronzyIslandNYC,"yeah i know the hardcore fans of DMC1,3 & 4 wanna hate this game. sure, i get why. The personalities are different, Dante's looks are different, and some of the writing is iffy at some points....though most of the game has good writing. better in some ways to DMC3 OR 4 in its story. Deeper. But in certain points the writing makes you cringe...namely around the middle part. Needless cursing. i don't mind foul language, i just mind when its there to try to be ""cool"" and ""badass""yeah yeah, i know, i know, no manual lock on, only auto lock on. meh. no one complained in Ninja Gaiden, Killer is Dead and many other hack & slash games that empoy auto lock. but whatever.yes, i know,its not gothic in atmosphere like the other DMC games. this art style is surreal, not gothic. Beautiful btw.there's lots of differences and similarities.whatever.if you have never played a DMC game before, you'll love this. If you have played DMC1,2,3, and 4 before, you may not.you may even hate it.but you should recognize the value of the game through unprejudiced eyes.its still a really fun hack and slash regardless if you have played a Devil May Cry game before or haven't.plus the pc port runs incredibley well. The MOST amazing pc port in my steam library.The only thing wrong with the game really is its DMC title to the game. call the game Dante's Inferno or anything else and it would be beloved by all....including the haters.But having DMC and the older games to compare it to causes alot of hate angst and alienation by the older fanbase.i get it. i don't like Tomb Raider 2013 cuz of the deviation it commits from the old TR trilogy. Or how people hate Prince of Persia 2008 cuz its so different from the PoP trilogy. i get it. Yaiba gets hate cuz its affixed with Ninja Gaiden. i get it.i understand where the have comes from for Donte.but still.great game. So is DMC3&4. Never played 1 or 2."
,Recommended,220440,17938099,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Chicken$#it,"♥♥♥♥ing loved it. Great DmC game. Fantastic level design, solid button mashing mechanics with a combo system for those that care. Music was good when it came in, most the time it was in the background and fadded to early. Good Cinemtics and story board pieces. Collectables hidden for those with time. Challenge doors for those that invest it. I just played the game and had plenty of powerups and unlockables by just general exploration.9/10"
76561198085373463,Recommended,220440,31035309,Posted: 9 April,all,иена,Game on!!!!!!! :)
,Recommended,220440,31031469,Posted: 8 April,all,HappyBloo,"A very good game, nice mechanics and with medium-high re-play value!"
76561197987859797,Recommended,220440,14414780,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,TERORIK <3 Yoruichi,"I think is the best action-aventure game i ever play , the story line is perfect. The game never forgets the other series. Recomend."
76561198360468322,Recommended,220440,31170811,Posted: 15 April,all,Booooom,Good game.
,Recommended,220440,10985885,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Player 2,"Great soundtrack.  Ok mechanics.  Fun game overall, just gets a little stale from time to time.  Probably meant for teens, as the story lacks maturity.8/10"
76561198062976500,Recommended,220440,33344207,Posted: 7 July,all,Marcelouc0,"I could say that is  Devil May Cry and you have to buy it, but...I a relly good game. For the fans of Dante =  Stop raging, the protaginist is really well constructed.+Graphics well optimized+Visual ""Pattern"" REEEALY GOOD+Great Soundtrack+Great Sarcams+One of the Best Hack and Slash Avaliable-like past versions, demons attacks could be bettter-less interractions with the map-Who doesn't know about DMC ""Universe"", might be a bit lost in the beginningHell of a game <3"
,Recommended,220440,18236445,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Jake Zyrus,Awesome game.
,Recommended,220440,18162774,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Kaichicken10,gg
,Recommended,220440,18201733,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Matt Engarde | Oodenta Mitsuyo,Pro's- Dante's choice of weaponsCons- Vergil is exaggeratedly gayEither way best game play though suckish story line tbh
76561198163103806,Recommended,220440,18185295,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Bender Bending Rod,"DMC is more than a freaking great game, it's a cry of awareness and wake up call to humanity’s consumption of fattening foods, financial irresponsibility, inflaming biased news media, and inability to get along.Bravo Ninja Theory, and Capcom, bravo"
76561198007025569,Recommended,220440,18236614,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Funny,"Good Game Nicely done, but Controls SUCK♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,220440,28331624,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Creepy Psychopath,"Hearing a demonic voice scream ""Sadistic"" gets me hard. No other way of putting it."
,Recommended,220440,2606658,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,TJ,Игра ну просто Ну♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥нная ! слов нету особенно про уровни такой с психо-накоманской стилистикой чесно игра гуд !!
76561198133981941,Recommended,220440,31426355,Posted: 28 April,all,whippsmichael,very cool!!
,Recommended,220440,31474217,Posted: 30 April,all,Advy,Great game. 5/5
,Recommended,220440,31525175,Posted: 3 May,all,ReligionFlag,"Good game, expecting a sequel"
,Recommended,220440,31432486,Posted: 28 April,all,Atolah,To me this is best in the DmC franchise.
76561198016574636,Recommended,220440,11243261,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,ShadowCry90,"Once I started I couldn't walk away, great storyline great characters too bad it was so short."
76561198079606055,Recommended,220440,11246563,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,?????,"This process can be repeated over and over again with a number of games.   If you can come up with an idea...just improve the original idea...MAKE IT GREATER....I really enjoy the gameplay, storyline and the overall re-invention of the classic.  I can remember when I first saw this game in the coming soon sections of game articles and could not wait to pick it up..boy was I happy when I did....It's been a pleasure to watch how it has progressed over the years. I guess the only thing that I dont like about some of these games, of all categories,  is the sellers intention to squeeze as much money out of gamers with these DLC's as they can when the original format I remeber when I was playing games was you beat the game on different difficulties to get all the unlockables, but now...you basically have to buy them....NOT COOL!!!!.Now the only thing to do with this franchise is to keep on doing what your doing cause all of the fans of this game....ARE STANDING BY WAITING TO SEE HOW THIS GAME WILL IMPROVE IN THE FUTURE.....I saw go ahead and keep recycling them...THE POPULARITY CAN ONLY GROW.....Game Rating: 10 out of 10System.out.println(""EXCELLENT"");"
,Recommended,220440,11202098,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Papa Franku,is good
,Recommended,220440,11210497,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Dawn,it's ok.
76561198109512767,Recommended,220440,11201527,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Deyja,this game is definetely worth your money if you are into any combo/ battle arena games.  Great story and amazing gameplay.
76561197980281584,Recommended,220440,22359569,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,vadimtrop,One of the best slasher of all time. Perfect DMC.Amaizing picture.Awesome figting system.Every next level is better than previous.Good story (at least more than Japan DMC). I love this Dante.Do not miss!!!!!
76561197987851575,Not Recommended,220440,22230975,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Ces :D,"Do not buy. Poor story with cardboard characters. You play as a Justin Beiber look-a-like with just as little brain power or personality. Level design is very linear. Spend your money on something worth it, not this garbage joke of a game."
,Recommended,220440,30675010,Posted: 22 March,all,Joe Khurr,Can you handle all of this #edge?
,Recommended,220440,34247190,Posted: 14 August,all,Deogle,Decent Game
,Recommended,220440,9076926,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Marie Poppo,"with descending difficulties throughout the entire devil may cry series, this game still provides as much combat sensation as expected from a capcom game. the story has a brand new feel, some may not like the personality of the new dante, but the setting itself is absolutely acceptable if comparison is not been made to other devil may cry stories. dmc devil may cry is a new standalone game, and it is absolutely a nice one."
,Recommended,220440,35189900,Posted: 24 September,all,Jeanne d'Arc,"DmC 5 is the best version than other DmC. From the graphic is pretty good, unlimited combos.Moreover, DLC content make this game more perfect.Can't stop playing this game. 10/10 if I had to rate."
,Recommended,220440,29554210,Posted: 28 January,all,hotpackguy8abs,nice fun gamedantes cool too
,Recommended,220440,27905032,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jihan Audy.G2A,Best Hack and Slash game ever
,Recommended,220440,5397729,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,GlhrmCst,INSAANEE!
,Recommended,220440,34382005,Posted: 20 August,all,VG,so cool game
76561198366291446,Recommended,220440,34383822,Posted: 20 August,all,duck,"Spoiler alert , He cries at the end."
76561198334590748,Recommended,220440,30089872,Posted: 21 February,all,Jaydz321,I cannot stress this enough. THIS IS THE BEST GAME IVE EVER PLAYED!!!
,Recommended,220440,30244861,Posted: 28 February,all,Despacito,Fell in love with it the moment i saw the word Noisia in the intro.
76561198053103323,Recommended,220440,13491348,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Hanuman,"Many people did not like this as they thought is diverged from the originals.  I disagree with those purists.Liked it, the storyline was gripping but absurd, the difficulty just right IMHO.  Now it is too cheap to pass up.*You MUST have a gamepad to really enjoy it however.*"
,Recommended,220440,18215113,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,GamerLEN,"I never played the other Devil May Cry games, gonna say that right at the start.HOWEVER, consider this: After playing DMC, I want to. They're on my wishlist now, numbers 3 and 4, and I'm going to buy them when my personal finances allow me to do so.Still, I do agree with some points the fans of the old ones bring up. I may not have played them, but I poked around the wiki and saw some video of the older games so I can at least say this.- Yes classic Dante is probably a more fun character than new Dante.- Yes he looks better with white hair.- Yes Virgil was horribly done in this game and could have been a much better character.- Yes Kat is kinda just sorta there.Still... despite this game not being like the originals, it's a lot easier for people who aren't hardcore fans of the series to get into due to the lower difficulty. I'm new to Devil May Cry, but this game makes me want to play the others. If -nothing else-, consider that it may be enough to get new players interested in the series as a whole.Pros:- Fast paced frantic combat that flows naturally and is a hell of a lot of fun.- A great soundtrack that fits the game perfectly. Hell I went out of my way to get Combichrist's 'Never Surrender' from the first Mission on iTunes because of this game.- Some genuinely fun and great moments, like seeing Dante get in a '♥♥♥♥ you' screaming match with an ancient demon is uniquely hilarious, and any game that lets me beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Bill O'Riley (and lets be honest, that guy IS Bill O'Riley) is already doing something right.- The weapons make for a fun mix. Dive at them and run them through with your sword, then combo them up -> Knock an enemy into the air -> Pull out a scythe and saw them up in midair -> Pull out a battleaxe and slam them right back into the ground -> Pull out your twin pistols and hold yourself up in the air while unloading on them before landing for example.Cons:- Fanboys will rage at you for touching it. Dante is much more lighthearted and humorous in the old games, Virgil would never use a gun or do what he did to the demon woman, and so on.- It can get annoying trying to fight the enemies that block all attacks except for the ones from a specific weapon.- Some fights can get really irritating with the whole 'the floor is lava' thing. One fight in particular during your trip to the soft drink factory comes to mind.- I really dislike the Devil Trigger power now that I know what it originally looked like. Dante in the old games would actually transform into a demon and raise all sorts of hell. In this one, gravity just goes weird and his hair turns white like some sort of demonic super sayjin. I was hoping it'd be a lot more impressive than that.- The final boss is awesome, but the ending beyond that is meh.So yeah, for fans of the older Devil May Cry games... I guess you guys know what you like. Play it if you want, don't if you don't.However, for newbies like me... consider this Devil May Cry Lite. A good way to get started and learn how the other games work before you go into the older ones and really raise some hell."
,Recommended,220440,24171573,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,♠ ZYZO ♠ 🆅🅰🅻🆅,10/10awesome musicawesome action gameawesome story.
,Recommended,220440,34690893,Posted: 2 September,all,alex.arthimea,One of a kind!!!
76561198030910473,Recommended,220440,34667643,Posted: 1 September,all,stardust,"Played the game with a control.I played the game after I played Bayonetta, both the game on normal, the fighting is alot easier in DmC than Bayonetta.The controls are not as good as Bayonetta , and the cut scenses are not as crazy/fun/cool as Bayonetta.However the story is good, I think it was better than Bayonetta due it was not completly crazy and its easier to understand and follow. The cut scenes and the music is well crafted. You can activate high-res texture in options.The game is 60% fighting and it felt like 40%  platform jumping. I am probably wrong but there is alot of jumping......I bought the game on sale for 7-euro thats why I reommend it.The orignal price now is 29-euro I think thats to much I would rather say 19euro the same price as Bayonoetta would be a fair price."
,Recommended,220440,34686577,Posted: 2 September,all,NΛWΛ ΛWΛ ΛWΛ ΛWΛWΞL,"Cruel, i like this game"
76561198311652434,Recommended,220440,33328618,Posted: 6 July,all,Coldharbour,"This is my first game in Devil May Cry series, so I'm not totally aware with the controversies surrounding this reboot. Still, the hack 'n slash part intrigues me. And WOW, I have to say that DmC: Devil May Cry is probably one of the best game of its genre I’ve ever played despite all of its shortcomings. Let me tell you a glimpse about the experience during my own playthrough and what it has to offer.The story for the most part is fine as far as it goes. But some conversations are just… well, uninspiring at best but completely bearable. At least the cinematic cutscenes are stellar and movie-worthy. It’s also worth mentioning that they used motion capture for the cutscenes, and they did a great job at that.The way the combat is handled on the other hand is great, if not excellent. It is fluid, transition between weapon modes is seamless, and its animations are superb. Combos are easy to perform yet still difficult to master nonetheless. One thing from DmC which really shines is its world design, particularly when we’re dragged into Limbo. Beautifully crafted, unconventionally artistic, and each level feels diverse and unique. The environment itself is “alive” within Limbo’s boundary. Last but not least, the graphic quality is still relevant enough today for a 2013 game (especially true on the highest settings). Simply marvelous.I suggest to at least give it a shot before anything else. If you like the game and already have finished it, the Vergil’s Downfall DLC may be worth a try.PROS :+ Visually striking Limbo City and its “Limbo”.+ A plethora of weapons and combos.+ Slick combat mechanics and animations.+ Some aspect of replayability (upgrades, mission ranks, secret missions and collectibles).CONS :- Short and linear story mode.- The writings, mainly dialogues, could have been better. MUCH better.- Some minor camera issues.- Need the additional features and contents from console’s Definitive Edition."
,Recommended,220440,191702,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Ibsen,"Ninja Theory has created another ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous game.  Whether it's audio design, gameplay, visual aesthetic or it's narrative that oozes cool, this game suceeds on every front.You should want this because Ninja Theory is an amazing studio and this game is a first-class entry in the DmC series.Buy it now before you're old and don't like fun."
,Recommended,220440,13478190,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lanier-Senpai,"I have not played much so far, but this game i feel is the perfect port. I am playing at 4k with not one hiccup. Controls are great, with a variety of options, and the gameplay is dope! Get it if you like the series."
,Recommended,220440,35296610,Posted: 29 September,all,HegloTheBaSQan,10/10cuz Vergil has a bigger♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220440,26975982,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PelvisThePelvis,I had to kill a baby Monster... 10/10
,Recommended,220440,26970126,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OpenAI (passive),Good GameI'll rate it 5/7
,Recommended,220440,28951350,Posted: 2 January,all,NASTY CORNDOG,"Pros:+ Easy, yet satisfying Combat. A bit different than in the originals, but good nonetheless.+ Music is fairly good. Gets you in the mood for hacking&slashing. Fits the tone of the level.+ Artwork & Level design is great.+ Great pacing: Platforming introduced and works in between fights.+- Monster Design on bosses: great, normal enemies: meh/alright.Cons:- Dante and the whole game feels a bit too try-hard. A lot of 'f*ck you's' and 'bigger d*ck' jokes, yet all fall flat.- Seasoned original DMC players breeze through the game on harder difficulties. Went in on hard difficulty, never used one healing item in the playthrough and almost every level i completed on a S-SSS rating.- NO LOCK-ON IN BATTLE!- Story was underwhelming and felt a bit too 'They Live' movie to me(please go watch it, it's a classic). Seems like the team tried to hard to put in a (hidden) message into the story. Establishment vs freedom-fighters-esque.- Few weapons- Camera issues in tight quarters. Sometimes camera would not move 180degrees.- MUNDUS. What a letdown!Still, i recommend the game if you want a fun hack&slasher. But don't expect the same as the originals. I played DMC1, 3 & 4, but they each had better fighting mechanics imo."
,Recommended,220440,2939574,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,Paranoid89,"Really good game, you will not be disapointed. Buy it :D"
,Recommended,220440,17977751,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,dingdingchomp,I completed it on PS3 and completed it on PS4. Now I've bought it a third time on steam. I must really like this game.
,Recommended,220440,33421058,Posted: 9 July,all,Christ died for our Spins,"I bought this game knowing nothing about the Devil May Cry series other than it was a hack and slash game. I never touched the series or watched anything on it, and during the steam summer sale i jumped on the low price and bought this game. It's an alright game all around, but i feel like the combat system is a bit lackluster, and the fact that most of the game is platforming with very little hack and slash just doesnt do it for my tiny attention span. It is still a decent game though, id give it around a 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,220440,14344557,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,T4l0n,"In one sentence : they noobified the series.The new controls are not that bad, it's more fluid than the original and you can have multiple weapons to use at the same time, but they removed the targetting system and this makes the game a mess when you are fighting many enemies and you won't attack the one you want to. The stylish points are not awarded properly, you just need to do a lot of damage and you will get top score, this happens even at the hardest difficulty and makes the game too easy. The story tries to be different and it's ok if it isn't for the fact that has nothing to do with devil may cry, they just took the characters from the original series, made them look similar, gave them completely different personalities and made a complete different story, sorry, this is not how you do a reboot.The new Dante is a really badly characterised character, it wants to be cool and edgy, but it's never a badass, and that's all the original Dante needed to be.Too many scripts during the levels and the platform sections become boring after a while.I cannot recomend this over the classics, get devil may cry 4 on steam, it's great, this one is not."
,Not Recommended,220440,13445838,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dash,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFVgJlqwDwwNew game comming soon.
76561198147390263,Recommended,220440,15820265,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Joe King,"this game is SO much fun!!!!! I can't belive I avoided this game until now. if you end up not likeing the game, the soundtrack is still awesome"
,Not Recommended,220440,8308081,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Fried,Devil May Cry is ruined forever thanks Obama.Rip in pieces
,Not Recommended,220440,11344042,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ADK,"Looks very Cliche , Half way I stopped . But one side is introducing new skills every while ."
,Not Recommended,220440,15041135,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Xolais,"Combat is fun but, the overall game is meh...."
,Recommended,220440,24948250,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,The lad -iwnl-,8/10 I loved Virgil and Dante. They both were well done. Story was a wee bit short and I want another one :((PLAYED ALL OF THE GAMES FIGHT ME)
76561198159079695,Not Recommended,220440,34320927,Posted: 17 August,all,KP Rogue DT,"Got this in the weekend bundle, aaaand the controls are broken. With both mouse and key, and controller the camera in game is shoved under the character with little to be done besides looking up their nose. The menus highlight is being similarily driven up, with it taking two or three downward inputs to stay on the bottom, but good luck trying to hitting enter or A on anything besides the top or bottom."
,Recommended,220440,16004926,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,AModeratelyIntellectualGamer,La Batalla Donte Y Vergil.Donte El Exterminador De Demonios.Chinga Tu Madre.A Whole New Donte.That is all.
,Recommended,220440,13851486,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Forever Yours,"1 words, addictive! all dlc is worth to buy especially that vergil mode"
76561198195916458,Not Recommended,220440,34923070,Posted: 13 September,all,vash000ita,"honestly my hope for this franchise to bloom again has been shattered to pieces,quite disappointed whit story and character design, gameplay works fine but,it just make you wanna play an older DMC........DISAPPOINTEEEEEEEED!"
,Not Recommended,220440,12119939,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Alice Liddell,I went in with incredibly low expectations and I was still disappointed.
,Recommended,220440,8340251,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dead sea man,I love donte he's not afraid of anything 69/83
,Recommended,220440,13881623,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,MonstermunchXD,"Enjoyed this game, I like the fact you get to know more about Dante past in the story.Just like the good old Devil may cry games Dante is still the same cocky guy, The combat sytem is amazing you can really have some good fun making your own combos.The Weapons are quite over power considering you get them very soon in the game but getting the upgrades for them are really easy unlike the old devil may cry games.Do recomend it for the comdey, action and the fun of it."
76561198185528930,Not Recommended,220440,15927638,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,tazerblade22,This game would be great if i could controle my veiw. the right sticks X and Y axis were reversed in the game (left is up and  down is right) it happens to be an in game problem but i cant get any help from capcoms support page so i will no be playing this game through. sucks because it look like a fun game. $20 more wasted.
,Not Recommended,220440,15981881,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,A.D.Mynx,This sukers stole my money... this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s doesn't run on my system and my system is far over the requiered spec!
76561198009400805,Recommended,220440,16071191,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sol Teenuts,"It's not going to give you the same feel the original Devil May Cry did, but it was a good action packed game nonetheless.Gameplay:The combat was excellent, smooth with a huge variety of moves and combos, it was fun and looked badass once you could pull off some stylish combos.Story:The story was ok, I didn't expect to like it as much as I did. The whole conspiracy reminds me a lot of what goes on in reality and has a little twist at the end.If you find this game on sale like I did, definetely pick it up."
,Recommended,220440,638056,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,VERY fast doggo,"Good game. Surprisingly well-paced and fun. On par with the other devil may cry's. I don't completely like the new combat system as well as the one in 3 and 4, but it's solid, and the level designs are more interesting than those in 3 and 4. And at times the fights are REALLY REALLY cool. Has probably the best boss fight in recent memory too."
,Recommended,220440,13583189,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,MeLTeDButta,"Devilishly good game. The controls are the best I've used out of any DMC series. They make sense with the story and are smooth as butter with syncing combos together. The weapons are also cool, allowing you to get creative with your attack. I also loved the soundtrack, which went well with the game. I'd strongly suggest picking up a controller and using that instead of a keyboard. At first I didn't get the game because I didn't like the look of Dante, but trust me, there's other skins  and the game is always just so damn fun. It was so good that I was kinda sad when it was over, because I just wanted to play more. I'd definitely recommend this, even for first time DMC players."
,Recommended,220440,7797685,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Dark Knight,it has a bad storyGameplay 9/10Graphics 10/10fun if you get drunk
76561198055943329,Recommended,220440,9627778,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Adam Jensen,I♥♥♥♥♥♥on myself when I heard the title of the game spoken out loud after I launched it.
76561198066506978,Not Recommended,220440,13165485,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ragnarok Ookami,"I love the original Devil may cry games, especially the first three, grew up on them and i know there not the greatest, but i always thought they had a lot of potentional if done right. This however, is by far not what i had in mind, there where certain aspects of it that where nice design and game play wise, but thats as far as it goes. To consider this a true devil may cry game would be a utter joke, and the game was so bad I had to fight myself just to not turn off the game every time i forced myself to play it, in the hopes it would get better, which it only ever got worse very quickly. Please, be smart and dont waist your money. There can be a great Devil may cry game, but its not this, in any way shape or form."
,Recommended,220440,13697863,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,TRS_TheGentlemanSquirrel,A hidden gem. Visually amazing. The soundtrack is is so bad♥♥♥♥♥ Its really sad they aren't going to make another one.
,Not Recommended,220440,13358321,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Rude,I love spectacle fighters but ♥♥♥♥ this game. It is not worth playing especially if you loved the former character Dante in the series.  This is an insult to spectacle fighters in both mechanics and story.
76561197986347861,Recommended,220440,12559955,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,MrDanAZ,"Unbelievablely FUN. Well I should be saying, thank you Steam! I love the sales you offer every few months This was money well spent. I can honestly say, I haven't had this much fun in a long time. DMC is a fast paced, yet you can take a break to learn a new strike or 2 (if you have the money). I'm Glad I waited & got this on sale. Steam rocks aslo this game rocks too.  I love the Full controller support. I love more the ability to take advantage of multiple monitors, (I have 3 and this games looks fantastic). I don't know what else to talk about.  The Music, Control, Graphics, and if you wait for the right time, the price will also be great. Oh, the Music just makes me move.  Anyway, if you have to guess if I liked the game, yeah just a bit! Just a couple of Mega-bits."
76561198027957018,Not Recommended,220440,27741935,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,magic_gamer,Not a fan. It took itself very seriously and the story is crap. The combat is lackluster. I bought Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition afterwards and had a blast. Buy DMC4 over this reimagining.
,Recommended,220440,7375525,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,[CBE] Ash,"I was a little skeptical about this franchise reboot, but I'll just jump to the chase and say that this game ♥♥♥♥ing rules! The gameplay is as good as it ever was, it controls tightly, the graphics and art direction are amazing, the music rocks, the story is captivating, and the voice acting is right on point. It's an instant classic in my mind."
76561198032536288,Not Recommended,220440,26324155,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Red XIII,"I like the game, it has an atractive look and the story, it's however not without flaw.  The combat could have been smoother with the character stuttering between combos, especially the dodge roll.  I also feel the combat was needlessly complex splitting what could have easilly been a couple weapons/tools into multiple weapons that required constant switching durring the game notably havving two grappling hooks... why did there need to be litteraly two or more of each wapon type?  The games combat mechanics encourgae the player to avoid speciallizing in any one combat style and instead use every weapon available on a rotation, which I found to be clumsy and anoying, breaking my imersion in the fight while I desperatly tried to remember the different combos of each weapon and how best to use them.The game goes for something similar to God of War in it's play style but misses the mark in a painful way.  If you are a fan of the DMC series you'll probably like this game, but for me I think I would say wait for a sale before jumping in to this reboot."
76561198137635692,Not Recommended,220440,23911763,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Artifact_Skyline,"Okay so let us get right down to it. I bought this game for a friend so that they could play it on my computer when they come over. I never had any intention on playing this game myself. However I did finally end up playing it.Things I like;-Simple combat system once you know the controls, although depending on who is playing they may not like it because all you have to do is mash a few buttons until everything is dead.-The story is fine, I have yet to finish the game I still don't mind the story that much.-The frame rate, a game that doesn't have a locked frame rate will always make me a little happier. My GTX 970 runs the game at a respectable 150-200 FPS.-The music, might be a turn off for some, but doesn't bother me.Things I don't like;-The camera, it has a weird tendency to just stop moving and get stuck in one place at random times, happens in combat a lot.-The hit boxes are extremly large and I also noticed that you don't actually touch the floor.-The stock controls. Now this may just be my copy that for some reason had weird controls or just the fact that I am used to WASD, but that was not the control scheme once I had first intalled the game.-The enemies, they just recycle models and change some small things like colours and what they can do.-The story telling can sometimes be a bit compy.So over all reading those lists some of them are pretty small things like the enemies' models. However things like the camera getting stuck in combat and the jumps sometimes be difficult to land (Could be just me). These are things that break a game for me. Well no the game itself is not the most broken game every, many others have that honour. The game itself is just not very playable for me. I will still continue to play the game until I finish and it is certainly a good time waster, however unless you get the game on sale I personally just don't think that it is worth 34.99$"
,Not Recommended,220440,25187621,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Purple Orange A,"If you don't read plot, can't speak any language the game offers, have never played the DMC series before, think the previous DMC games are too hard, hate Dante, hate Vergil even more, or hate mtn dew, then this is the game for you.Props to its optimization and graphics/environment design. Very smooth to play and some scenes are really cool. But still.***Edit: I want to take some time to recommend DMC4 (SE) here. If you are like me, who read reviews of all games in a series and usually end up getting the one with highest review, you will probably end up getting DmC, which has the best review, but hardly seen as the best game in the series.Now, DmC gets better review than DMC3, DMC4, and DMC4SE on Steam, because 1. DMC3 PC port is actually pretty bad, even though it is arguably the best game of the series, 2. DMC4 players would recommend DMC4SE, which has more content, and 3. DMC4SE's extra content is relatively thin, and old fans don't appreciate that. None of these are actually game issues. DmC, on the other hand, doesn't have these issues, and is an above average ACT game if you compare it to the market.But the plot is just so bad and the gameplay is way under par for a DMC game. I finished it because I'm a DMC fan, and I can't recommend it because I'm a DMC fan."
,Recommended,220440,7433859,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Sekvenz,Awesome game! 7/10
,Recommended,220440,7485286,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,SpinGee,"action at its finest , 9/10"
76561198335137308,Not Recommended,220440,35162463,Posted: 23 September,all,HonestPug,"If you're a fan of the original storyline of the DMC series then I would caution you when deciding to purchase this game.I bought this game as part of a bundle with the DMC 4 Special Edition which I don't regret at all, however if this was purchased independently then I would be incredibly upset.If I were to rate the game on its own, separate from the original DMC franchise, then it's an alirght game to play at least once. The graphics were good, I liked the soundtrack as it matched the feel of the game, but there was some things that weren't great at all.I've experienced far too many empty spaces while playing the game. You would turn a corner into an open area that almost always leads you into a dead end, no enemies to fight, no secrets or valuables at all just an empty space which is just unacceptable and poor level design. Not to mention that the gameplay is horrid, it wasn't even fun to play this game, I rushed to finish the story which was weak.PROS:-Alright graphics-Decent soundtrack-Nice art designCONS:-Poor gameplay mechanics-Less than great level design-""So-so"" storyAll in all, if you're new to the series (which I highly doubt) I'd recommend playing this game first before playing any of the others, but beware that this is an entirely different story than the main series (alternate universe, if you will). Personally I wouldn't pay full price and wait for it to go on sale, but even then that's pushing it."
76561198042107821,Recommended,220440,22430565,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Don_Predator,SSS
76561198274411466,Recommended,220440,24454631,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Shadow 789,"I honestly don't know why some pepule hate on this gamejust becos Dante doesn't have whit hair i think that new Dante i a good charectoris he better then the old Dante NO but he isn't a bad charechtorif you realy whant to talk abaot bad charectors new Vergil he is nothing like the originalin one scen he shots a pregnet woman a kills herand when Dante asks ""the hell you did you do that for"" his responc was ""i had to""he i nothin like the original Vergil from DMC3the gameplay is in my opinion the best of any Devil May Cry it's fast and sadesfuingplatforming is also realy good and the graphics are not the best but they are still goodOverall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,220440,8423981,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Eevihl,The book was better.
76561198006358385,Recommended,220440,22888991,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Singer Songwriter Geraldo Rivera,I don't like the new Dante.With that said I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.10/10 -1 for bad Dante8/10 MediocreBuy and gift to girlfriend (If have one)
76561198070612659,Recommended,220440,25037722,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Abaddon_Almighty,"Woefully underappreciated, this game's combat, visuals, story, world, characters, humour and overall quality vastly outstrip any other entry in the franchise. Here's hoping Ninja Theory get to reboot Legacy of Kain."
,Not Recommended,220440,16875101,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,mkenny_17 [Euthanasia],the storyline just too short i play in easy mode cuz i want to enjoy the storyline and unfortunedly ive finished the devil may cry in short amount of time i expect it tobe longer
,Recommended,220440,8465569,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ultimate Bematt V3,Suck It And See™
,Recommended,220440,15888255,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Satanic | SpykillerXD,"here guys, we have a true master piece.pros:best combat system ever, even from the startgreat storyMETALAlot of contentUPGRADES FTWcons:mehmehno consmehmuumeh"
,Recommended,220440,15907221,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,MuchoPoopo,"This is my very first review of a game on steam.... so please dont criticize,Now with that being said, coming from a sports game which i only played on console; i never really got into story games deeply. My favorite game for story would have been Batman Arkham City, but that my friends has changed. I knew of DMC from previous games and watched the anime which definitely sparked alot of interest.Wanted to try this game and man if every dmc game was like this i would stop playing madden lol.Havent finished the game yet so i wont give full review but dang this game is amazing. Lots of action and humor, but thats not what keeps me into it. Its the story, this game could be a potential movie if they wanted to...even character models are spot on.Again ill give a full review once im done but from this....YOU GOTTA BUY THIS GAME GUYS LOL"
,Recommended,220440,12065873,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Loosey,"Amazing game to be honest. Only problem is it's too short. If it was longer it would be worth full price ^^Story, combos, graphics, voices, everything is perfect. I don't know why this game got so much hate. Personally i think the ne Dante is better. I played all the other Dmc's loads when i was younger. Dmc 1 was the first Ps2 game i had but i think this Dmc is the best out of them all."
,Recommended,220440,16545392,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,#MasterKimChi,PC controls make me feel like I am writing an essay.10/10 great game.
76561198079787960,Recommended,220440,12572987,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,SpookyRed,"why do people hate this game?  i like the old dante better, sure, but this game is far from bad."
,Recommended,220440,12573948,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Serenity,Complete worth every penny you pay! The soundtrack is amazing. Flows perfectly with the game. The graphics are beautiful! DmC: Devil May Cry is totally worth your time and money!
,Recommended,220440,12571412,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,traid,"Really fun, good story, great graphics, great voice acting! I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this game. I ended up using a lot of variety in my attacks/combos; it is NOT just a press attack to win type of game. Never crashed or encountered any significant bugs."
76561198028066981,Recommended,220440,8212301,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Silentsteel-ShaweensPotatoZAMBI,AMAZING GAME!!!
,Recommended,220440,30971095,Posted: 5 April,all,Slavic Psycho,"I have never played a Devil May Cry game ever, what have i been missing out on?"
,Recommended,220440,22953973,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Azios,Best of DMC series! Love it XD
,Recommended,220440,29662279,Posted: 2 February,all,Kemando,"So, the game is fun, the combat is great... And that's about all the good things I can say. On these merits alone I recommend a play...But.The story is lackluster at best, and the characters are rather boring. Dante is an edgy teenager instead of a careless badass, and they spit in the face of Dante fans everywhere almost out the gate."
,Recommended,220440,7952841,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,|Ordo| Ozzy,All Achievements
,Recommended,220440,8909518,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"I must start by saying that I thought I would like it more than I did just because I was expecting it to be a bit more open/fresh.  That being said, I did however have a pretty good time with the 7 hour single player game.Its main drawback is that it really didn't grow since the previous Devil May Cry games.  The game length, gameplay, combat, and map design are all the same basic idea/concept.  The only major changes are in the graphics, story line, and voiceacting.  The actors/charactors say a lot of cliche things but it still comes out as funny and cheeky.The basic idea - go through short, straight stages while collecting items from monsters and the enviroment.  You use the items to unlock doors or purchase upgrades.  There is a ton of weapons and upgrades... so many weapons to upgrade you get them through the whole game and some near the end of the game.  Most of the upgrades are not major but noticable.With so many mechanics and weapon juggling - it can get a bit confusing at times.  Using a Xbox360 controller I would suggest as a requirement.I had a good time and kept thinking... I'll just play one more stage and ended up playing three more.  I'd recommend it to folks who love third person beat em up games."
,Not Recommended,220440,17150383,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Kethlak,"The game was easier to play with a controller. It's really complicated, too complicated for me. But I was able to complete it on the easiest difficulty. I think I might have preferred watching someone play who knew what they were doing instead, because I constantly felt out of my depth."
,Not Recommended,220440,18714377,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,powdered_h2o,Controller support is terrible. Made me not want to play the game
76561198003003979,Not Recommended,220440,17880725,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Cohiba Skeeza,"Great art style and graphics,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor gameplay. Too many cutscenes."
,Not Recommended,220440,20806027,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,MIWA-ZATO4KA,"Сатана-дивол проклял мою семью, не покупайти."
,Recommended,220440,8283188,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,GROB1AN,AWESOME GAME !
,Recommended,220440,8525050,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,beriskay,epic i will get a no sleep over all the time i will play this over and over
,Recommended,220440,23403799,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,TheLegend27,"Devil May Cry is a great game series that I've played for a while. I started on Xbox and decided to go to PC. Gameplay is Amazing and its a great ""Hack and Slash"" Game."
,Recommended,220440,23824811,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,NN,"I love this game so much, but i think the main story is to short"
,Recommended,220440,12248892,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,[IMSB] King Cerventes,"As much as people slam this game, and as different the plot and setting is, it still does DMC as DMC should be done, and a crazy fun time, even if you cannot stand new Dante and want the old fun one back."
,Recommended,220440,32173960,Posted: 4 June,all,Crimson FURY,5 star in almost every sense
,Recommended,220440,12079040,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,TripleExit,"Game does a damn good job at being what it should be.  +1 for being realistic with the police shooting people who have their hands in the air and have already surrendered, just like in real life.9/10"
76561198110609637,Recommended,220440,16004940,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,The Dark Knight,i love this game it has great character and every body says dante is not a good character in this game but they are wrong he is only like that in the first 30 minutes or so and the gameplay is simply amazing i beat it on normal difficulty and now im playing through on son of sparda mode and get the free bloody palace dlc its great but this possibly has a chance of not working at all so i had to reset my pc to get the game to work but the game justified it but get it on console if you are scared it wont work its great on all platforms
76561198066435824,Recommended,220440,28195288,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Shoyugun,"This game is probably the biggest mixed bag since the groceries I got once that was exclusively lettuce and meat.I wanted to stab every charachter in the game. (minus one)Personally I think that new Dante looks fine. Its not the best charachter design I have ever seen, but its fine. What bugged me was how horribly written he was. He is by far the most unlikeable charachter in the game. Vergil has it worse, his charachter is explored from a different angle. But his motivations are so screwed up. I have no idea what he is trying to do during the entire story. I he is an idiot, but at least I dont want to shoot him every time he says something.The story is ok. Its at least interesting, Bob is the only charachter that I dont hate. He is just such a huge bag of camp and self parody that he an honestly be pretty funny sometimes.Time to cut the♥♥♥♥♥♥Combat and level design are stellar. The sword/axe/scythe/fist/shuriken thing combat is a beautiful dance of red yellow and white. Everything is super easy to pick up and makes you feel like a badass. The levels have just as much polish, they are full of the small platforming puzzles that make you feel super powered.since you spend the majority of the game on this amazing combat and great level design, I can recommend this gameWords of advicedont bother with the two easier difficulties. play on nephilim and skip all the cutscenes.You will have a blast."
,Recommended,220440,9071238,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Handsome Lydz,wubwubwubwubwubwub
,Recommended,220440,8270097,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,eat em,Slice and Dicing up demons has never been so satisfying
,Recommended,220440,16522116,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,r1kaki |╭∩╮_(︶︿︶)_/,not very good but still acceptable :3 nice hack n slash :3
76561198055878177,Recommended,220440,15994267,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,CannibalSwine,Game opens with a whole cutscene dedicated to a naked Dante.11/10 would play again.
,Recommended,220440,25038605,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,i have a gambling problem,I really like this game :))))))))))))))
,Recommended,220440,25052628,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,RxStud,Very good gameplay!
76561198079304707,Not Recommended,220440,19690973,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Adin239,
,Not Recommended,220440,25073348,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,frisch,"Apart from the sweet graphics and the action paced combat system, i cannot recommend getting this game on PC. I couldn't get past the third combat even tho i tried multiple times. The problem is that the game crashed a lot. Sometimes during bootup or in the menu but most of the time during the battle and that's just awful.I tried all available fixes that are available and nothing helped."
76561198115898770,Recommended,220440,23865775,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mik Grimes,"100% on xbox 360,ps3,ps4 will probably go for 100% on pc aswell.i like the story reboot and how they made it more modern however i don't like what they done with dante and vergil"
,Recommended,220440,8746809,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,WEEMAN,8/10 Story8/10 Graphics10/10 GameplayGreat Game with Amazing Gameplay.One of the best hack and slash games!Overall - 8.7/10
,Recommended,220440,10213551,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,IndigoJinx,"Finally the 3D Castlevania SOTH game the world's been waiting for, forget what you heard about previous DMC games, this runs, & looks awesome!!! Full X360 pad support. 99-100 (no multiplayer so no perfect score)"
76561198004919707,Recommended,220440,12342618,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Truslashr,"STILL AN EPIC GAME, STILL PLAY IT, STILL LOVE IT. STILL BETTER THAN DMC4"
,Recommended,220440,8407363,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Flowmad,"Went in skeptical, end up loving it and thats from someone who played DMC3 and 4 first. Defenetly worth being part of the DMC series and worth to play. One of the best looking games on PC right now, the Artstyle is just amazing and meant to be played on a fairly good PC. I used maxed settings and got a solid 60 FPS and i don't even have a good or up to date PC and that really surpriced me, really good port.Combat may not be as fleshed out as in DMC4 (which has the best combat system in the series in my opinion) but hell is it fun! The gaming mechanic by switching between Demon and Angel mode by using the R and L trigger might be confusing at the beginning, but if you get a hang of it then you bust out combos like crazy. One thing i didn't liked was when enemies arrived which forced me to use Demon or Angel weapons and forced me to play with a style i didn't liked but that isn't that often the case and makes it actually a bit more challanging. The platforming is also a HUGE improvment compared to previous installments and actually fun.I also think you can give the new Dante a chance, he is not as bad as people made him out to be even though some of the stuff he said made me scratch my had and facepalm a couple times, overall he is ok like Nero from DMC4. But the Old Shool Dante will always be the best. Anyway, story and characters are ok too, but the writing is kind of terrible. Like i said, some of the stuff Dante said made me scratch my head because of the bad writing. The story still got me hooked for a while and actually surpriced me at the end, defenetly worth to check it out. To bad Ninja Theory were so dickish to the original fanbase, that is probably why this game bombed sadly, but haters and the fans should really give this game a try because its really good, i enjoyed it a lot."
,Recommended,220440,33531446,Posted: 14 July,all,Fehlnir,In this game you play as Satan as he embarks on a journey to stop being such a ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198058554542,Recommended,220440,18170531,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Frosenwarrior,kill kill kill
76561198083663637,Recommended,220440,18164127,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Blue-Goku,good game
,Not Recommended,220440,20209446,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pixel Zed,"Now I know why this game was practically canned. I thought they were just overplaying his twilight-esque jacob style hair, or his rather moody looking jacket.But no. They managed to ♥♥♥♥ up dante. HOW CAN YOU ♥♥♥♥ UP DANTE.By making him a whiney, pessemistic,♥♥♥♥♥♥ant of a person, that's how. That's exactly what he is in this game. I've literally taken to just skipping story segments in order to get to the ""decent"" part which is the combat.And speaking of the combat....It's not DMC either, really. No game will ever personify DMC more than DMC 3: Special edition in my eyes, and for good reason. It's the dante that made dante a lovable character and had GOOD weapons and movesets, which was what CHARACTERIZED the genre, rather than making him look like a sub-par peasant like in 4, or a moody ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like in 1 and 2.Or like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like this in DmC: Devil May Cry - Wana be in twilight but I got rejected edition."
,Recommended,220440,3101773,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Steveson,Really good slasher with few minuses:1) New Dante SUCKS2) Bosses are REALLY easy to beat3) Game is very short to have all the fun8 out of 10
76561197972036951,Recommended,220440,26221862,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,تDomت,Brilliant game!
,Recommended,220440,26128592,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ZiggySnowdust,The moment when you start to have a fangirl crush on a virtual game chracter cuz he's so bloody cool.
76561197972355967,Recommended,220440,26226807,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Rune Scorpio,Excellent game.
,Recommended,220440,34352543,Posted: 19 August,all,Razorfen,"Such a strange game for old Dante fans, black hair and only few usable weapons. First thought this game would probably be the hugest mistake for this series, but after playing it this thought faded away. I have to say it's still a great game, a prologue of Dante's story. The only actual matter whether you are used to the new settings or not."
76561198112669681,Recommended,220440,34794980,Posted: 7 September,all,Chef Blazer,topkek
76561198271071477,Recommended,220440,34562066,Posted: 28 August,all,Saint,"I get where the hate came from with this game. They completely disrespected the original series and took a huge ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥on it, but if you look at this game not as a DMC game; but as something else, it is a fantastic game and the combat is honestly the most fun of the series (Yes, I mean DMC3 too). So if you're looking for a fun action packed game with a good sense of replayability, I highly recommend this game. And let's be real here guys, this Dante is not THAT bad."
76561198119979943,Recommended,220440,34312233,Posted: 17 August,all,animator404,awesome gamethe best rock music I've ever met in games
,Recommended,220440,12084578,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Xenophyter,"Take my playtime with a grain of salt, I was initially playing a nonsteam version of the game.Prejudice kept me from playing this game for 2 years.I love the ""Stylin' Dante"" of the old games, but my god was I being a ♥♥♥♥ing numbskull. ""New Dante"" or ""Edgy Dante"" shouldn't really be compared to Stylin' Dante because he's much, much younger. This Dante isn't sure who he is yet, so many of his jokes fall flat or come off like he's trying too hard. I feel that was intentional.They also reworked the design for him based on fan feedback, which makes the poor sales of this game even sadder in my opinion. Its clear Ninja Theory adores the original franchise, as so much of this plays like a love letter to those games. They listened to the fans as much as they could, and people still bash this game without even playing it.Admittedly, I was the same way until a good friend promised me I would like it, so I ""borrowed"" it, and was blown away. The story is better than folks say, and is decently engaging. I found the reason the world viewed Dante as a threat far more interesting than the previous games, and the visuals are very different than any urbanesque game I had played before. It shares the feeling of Brutal Legend ""Am I playing through an Album Cover?""I felt that a lot of events in this game kept me guessing, either through new enemy types of plot twists. Overall it was just a really fun experience.Recommended Price - 15-25 dollarsOverall Story - 7/10Gameplay - 9/10Visuals -  10/10Writing - 6/10 (-2 points for judicious use of ♥♥♥♥ you instead of clever quips)Enemy Variety - 10/10Vergil's Downfall Review - Its alright."
76561197995142993,Recommended,220440,29952655,Posted: 15 February,all,Void,Solid game.
76561198063410076,Recommended,220440,29910454,Posted: 13 February,all,☭,God Damn this game is fun.fighting is very fluid and fast fast pacedEven more fun to play on the high difficulties
,Recommended,220440,2126426,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,VIT,SSSensational!
76561198060518343,Recommended,220440,23450408,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Supa-Troopa,"Ok, so I was one of the guys on the fence about this one, not sure if I liked the idea of some new guys having their way with Dante I knew.Then one of my friends grabbed this, and sung so high a praise, that I decided to get it too. Boy was I not wrong. Yeah, Dante from DmC 3 is much better than the new guy, but hey, for being a new guy this one are actually not too bad. And the combat is absolutely gorgeous, that is the part this game totally does right. So yeah, if you still thinking about it, stop — and go get this party started!"
,Recommended,220440,33540856,Posted: 14 July,all,elo,Я знаю эту игру как свои пять пальцев
,Recommended,220440,7369684,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,ReBoot,Stunningly stylish combat
,Recommended,220440,29602323,Posted: 31 January,all,DaguChin,"It's alright, I guess"
,Recommended,220440,30951389,Posted: 4 April,all,Apollo,Good
76561198017214910,Recommended,220440,27895816,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rek80,Dante makes me tingle.
,Recommended,220440,25166874,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Mehrab4K+,so awesome i love it
,Recommended,220440,22481861,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,happycarrot50,Hack and slash at it's best. Very cool stuff. 12/15
,Recommended,220440,28001228,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ftstani,"I find it unlikely that Jesus would approve of this, but on the other hand, I haven't read the Old Testament yet.More in-depth review as follows. Although I'm old enough to say that this game is kind of juvenile at times -- angels are hot womenz and you have sechs with them -- I'm not old enough to call it immature.♥♥♥♥♥♥ I haven't had this much fun in ages.This is my reward for playing through Dante's Inferno on Infernal difficulty. Solomon and Beniah for the win."
,Recommended,220440,13265535,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,CaimsPact,"I think its a good game. I wish they did as with Bayonetta and given it a diffrent name. To me this is as wrong as if they had given Bayonetta the name Devil May Cry... It just isnt. And the fact that the company who made this **** on the fans of the real DMC and the real Dante. :(With that said, It is not at all a bad game. I found it a bit easy to get combos, and I havent even learnd the combos well yet. I still get realy good score and I don't think thats a good thing. xD  I had to go away form easy as I have always played, for it was just so stupid. I didnt get hit at all. I started playing on the Nephilim and it was a little better, I get hit now and then but its still realy easy. Still getting high on combos.Game looks good more or less all over. The way the main caracter moves is realy good... I like the weponsystem. Enemies are cool. Bosses are... I guess some of them are good... I havent gotten so far that I have played all of them yet.Its a good way to get into ""hack and slash"" games I guess. Story is good entoh but I dont like some of the acting. No its not just that Im a old Dante fan, The new Dante's personalety and caracter in general seem as split as his race.... It just feels wrong. Also the bad jokes. xDTo the Real Dante fans, you can get the dlc to play as him but he looks a bit strange from the front in my opinion, the back works tho. Also just to be ****'s they only made it work with about half the cut scenes. Well thats my guess why they did it anyway.I guess If it had Its own name and wasnt a ripoff of itself.   >_<  It would have been a 70/100.All in all I would give it a loose 65/100, Worth getting on 50% Sale."
,Recommended,220440,12103320,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,☽ LUNATEE ☽,"This is one of my all time favourite games! I remember playing it on PS3 for the first time thinking how amazing it was. Same feeling now replaying it on the PC.The storyline, fighting techniques, environment, and soundtrack is out of this world. No game has even come close in my books to how amazing this game truly is. This is a must have game that won't disappoint!"
76561198158300493,Recommended,220440,24694188,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Deevᵒᵏ,ye
,Not Recommended,220440,16675744,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Zhnigo,A prime example of why western studios shouldn't be allowed near japanese franchises.
,Not Recommended,220440,34318876,Posted: 17 August,all,Father of the Year,Not in a million years.
,Not Recommended,220440,10206081,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Zeipher,Donty demon killer got nice ring to it???? dont you think
,Not Recommended,220440,14038351,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tio Gadget,"If you like playing as an angsty pretty boy ♥♥♥♥♥♥, you're gonna love this one! Thanks for ruining a great franchise Capcom!"
76561198061789585,Not Recommended,220440,10307983,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Pakmandu,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ deploravle unskipeable cutscenes shhit... i recomend to smoke a lot of pot (marihuana) before you start this stupid loss of time. Idiot developers!!!
,Recommended,220440,14756373,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Akka,"Turns out there's a valid reason this game was stereotyped as being super edgey by the internet.I'm going to go lie down now, I've been ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ blood and bats for the past few hours and if I'm not mistaken my skin is being torn off my body from the pure edge."
,Recommended,220440,15861335,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Betelgroose,"Play as a half angel, half demon hacking and slashing his way through demons in the war against capitalism."
,Recommended,220440,8579135,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,StevieGOTY,Soundtrack is 99.9% Screamo.Complete badass10/10
,Recommended,220440,19635186,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Lord Chicken™,Just buy it!
,Recommended,220440,29829565,Posted: 10 February,all,iddqd,"Don't care what DMC fanboys say, this game is a-effin-mazing!"
,Recommended,220440,3394255,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Omega,"Got a controller? Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥It's not necessarily a long game, and the replay value is totally dependant on how much you can play through a game without getting bored..But out of the sheer level of polish in the combat and platforming, a great aesthetic consistency between Limbo and the real world, and some.. surprisingly tolerable character development, this game is pretty damned good.Also, the final boss-fight alone makes this game worth a buy. Do it!Or don't. It's your money. Summer sale's soon, anyways."
,Recommended,220440,13988753,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,FARGE!,"From the little I've played so far I can see it's still an edge filled hack and slash. While it is a little bit of a bummer that Dante's appearance has been radically altered, it's not so bad if you approach it as a spin-off or re-imagining.The gameplay has been fluid and the cutscenes still over the top.Slaughtering hordes as the new FallOutBoyFan69 Dante is much more satisfying than playing as Nero ever will be.Why didn't you just make him look the same Capcom?.."
,Recommended,220440,7789173,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Sohberson,Pretty fun but quite stupid game. Fupid/10
76561198005393865,Not Recommended,220440,15957357,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,The Cheeki Breeki Bandit,POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR
,Recommended,220440,12761746,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Alik,"Игра просто пожественная за свои деньги!Не зря купил на распродаже данную игру,не капельки не пожилел!Если вы хотите купить ее,то мой вам совет:БЕРИТЕ,и НЕ ОГЛЯДОВАЙТЕСЬ!Плюсов просто моря!Начиная с Юмора заканчивая просто шедервальными комбами.Но есть и минус:Играть на клавиатури могут только озабоченные самозахитсы.(Лично советую преобрести для этой игры Джостик,ибо на Клавиатуре играть почти не возможно(а особенно делать на ней комбо)).В общем моя оценка 9,4/10Покупайте по скидке,или так ;)"
,Recommended,220440,12582331,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,sandang,good
,Recommended,220440,8887771,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,J✪ker™,THe thIngS I HaVE HEaARD ABT THIS GaME Is Tht tHis GamE Is A reaLLY NIce And I HAd To TRy iT And I think Its RGhT becoz This is one oF The BEst GamES I haVe PlaYED on Steam <3 loveD IT.
76561198007239918,Recommended,220440,29108837,Posted: 7 January,all,Spills51,Better then all the other DMC games combined.Treat yourself to one of the best action games of the decade.The Stage design is bar none the best I have EVER seen.The action leaves me wanting for nothing.Turn your speakers up cause the music is fricking awesome.The story is good for an action game.I just can't think of anything to mention that would detract from the game.With each passing stage it gets uppped a notch and just gets better and better.\Some of the best and original boss fights I have ever had the privilege of playing.I like this Dante. He is just a punk kid.Not the bebop super cheesy guy from number 3.If you havent figured it out this is one of the best games I have EVER played.HAVE FUN!
76561198123142418,Recommended,220440,12787000,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Der Großmann,"DMC is a game released in january 2013 as a prequel to the DEVIL MAY CRY series in which you get to play as a teenage Dante .DMC is a 3rd person hack & slash / platformer that introduces a concept completly new to the genere and it is AEREAL COMBAT ,many games enable the player to perform aereal combos but in DMC you can not only perform aereal combos but move from enemy to enemy and avoid or counter incoming attack in midair .There're eight different weapons you can wield the rebellion sword ,two angel weapons and two demon weapons in addition to your firearms ""ebony and ivory"" a shotgun and en explosive darts gun"
76561198008492784,Not Recommended,220440,17341259,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,The 13th,continue the original series... no need for this rubbish nonsense.
,Recommended,220440,34285607,Posted: 16 August,all,GODSER1.COM,SSSensational SSadistic Savage!!!
76561197991790968,Recommended,220440,10241917,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,熊猫,"Best DmC game to date. The gameplay is just fantastic and deeper than the previous installments of the franchise. They have also got rid of the anime wannabe Dante and replaced him with the much cooler ""Donte"". THe story reminds me alot of classic drama like Othello or Hamlet, very Shakespearean. I would reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys good games and are not lame nerds.Donte out."
,Recommended,220440,31406743,Posted: 27 April,all,KimJongJoris,"I can only expraiyus my feelings towards this game in a rhymeDante is now very childish and blunt, but there are still lots of demons to hunt.Combat is fun, bang bang you have a gun, I wonder how Dante would look with a man-bun.The story is lacking, you'd rather be attacking.you catch my drift good combat, the rest is meh"
,Recommended,220440,19579915,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Redrusty66,"This is one of the best Devil May Cry games available. The criticism against it mostly centers on Capcom's decision to transform the iconic character of Dante. I promise, it's just a cosmetic change. No, he does not look like a gothic anime villain and he does not spend his time hunting demons in medieval castles. Aside from that, he's the same Dante he's been since DMC 3. Yes, he has attitude, but it's not as over-the-top as it used to beThis game is seriously so good. I wanna rub my whole body with this game. I fell in love with this game from the very start and im really glad i bought itWorth every penny"
,Recommended,220440,7437488,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"DMC: Devil May Cry is a reboot of the Devil May Cry franchise, following an original storyline, with essentially a similar cast of characters and general premise. The game is an action slash and shoot style game where you will spend the majority of your time in senseless combat. The combat system in this game is actually quite good, there are several weapons which can be used and you can toggle between them almost instantly for insane combos. The combat feels fluid and the controls are solid when you are using a controller, yet the keyboard and mouse controls are less than stellar. There is however almost too much variety and you will sometimes struggle to perform the correct action as you fly from button to button mid combat. The cinematics are actually well done, and although the story is poorly written and predictable at best, the cinematics give it a movie-esque feel. The game is relatively short but offers a decent amount of gameplay and variety of enemies. Overall it is a decent buy if purchased on sale, and one of the better DMC games."
,Recommended,220440,30135935,Posted: 23 February,all,eXcruciate,"Awesome game with great sound, graphics, and art direction. One of the most creative and cool looking games ever. Great story and script and great voice acting. The soundtrack is absolutely slamming heavy metal that fits right in when you are going bananas and wiping the floor with enemies left and right, but it is the type of music that is purely best heard while playing the game. I have tried listening to the soundtrack outside of the game and it oddly enough sounds like crap without the game to go with it. The controls are tight and very responsive with zero delay and quick, brutal gameplay. Basically it is a healthy combination of jumping and dodge rolling to avoid attacks, and power moves and grappling and aerial moves. Not all of the moves are needed either unless you are someone who wants to mix things up wildly and get a perfect score of SS on each level. I can usually get an A on every level, and often a S and sometimes a SS. The only downsides I found with the game are the last two boss fights being huge letdowns. Mundis is extremely easy then when I fought the real last boss on mission 20 (I won't spoil who it is) I could not figure out exactly how to finish him off. I had to google how to do it.One of the few games I have ever played where I do not have any real complaints because it does not have any serious flaws. A lot of time and care went into this game and it shows. It is bad to the bone and you get to be a complete badass and go ape♥♥♥♥♥♥and mow down demons mercilessly. Brutal, hard-core fighting at its best, 8/10"
,Not Recommended,220440,21240019,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Crimson of Rose,"In the words of a certain boss...""♥♥♥♥ YOU!""This game is boring and takes itself too seriously."
,Not Recommended,220440,17406660,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"Slow and boring, like my grandmother. C'mon woman! Die already so I can get my inheritance!"
,Recommended,220440,16018935,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Oakshield,"I really liked this reboot, the movements and combos are awesome, you never get tired of itAnd it's still better than DMC 2."
,Recommended,220440,21497314,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zenith,A very fun hack-and-slash singleplayer game. The story is average but the gameplay is bloody fantastic. Combos look badass and the wide variety of enemies are fun to fight against. The bosses are creative and varied. Some controls are a bit wonky though (Devil's Trigger requires me to spam the activation buttons more than once).
,Recommended,220440,14254665,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,UnKnown,Good game :)- 9.5/10 -
,Not Recommended,220440,24242968,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Bright,"Not a BAD game. Awful aesthetics, trite plot, etc.. Disservice to the series."
76561198040231924,Not Recommended,220440,16483307,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kensei,"steam sells a ♥♥♥♥ing defective game, can't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥because the camera keeps looking upwards, tried it with a controller, with a keyboard, unplugged, mouse controller, everything, still the same issue even after restarting the whole thing it doesn't change, it's unplayable I want a refund for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198053938847,Recommended,220440,25058194,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Boub1t$a,its best game evar
76561198168815440,Recommended,220440,25050098,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,-ExE-,BEST DMC EVER MADE!!!!BEST STAGE BOSS EVER IN VIDEO GAME HISTORY!!!
,Recommended,220440,6593727,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Akane,♥♥♥♥ YOU
76561198021757575,Recommended,220440,3380760,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,"Still Morbid, Crazy, Evil Blood Splatter You love Different Hair Dew Now An Stll The Same Old Button Mashing But Yet Still Is Worth The Buy WAY BETTER THAN 4!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,220440,34301100,Posted: 16 August,all,Bitpawp,"Say what you will about the story and the characters, but the gameplay is really good. It might be a bit easier than the other Devil May Cry Games but I'd still recommend this one, although, I'd say go for the Definitive edition on PS4/X1 because it has some things that are either hard to find from the modding scene for this game, or just outright has not been made. The modding scene for this game died back in 2014 and it's sad, however this is a good entry point for beginners without the mods because of its easier difficulty. I'd add more to say but I'm not really feeling it right now. Might add more to this a little later."
76561198012071265,Not Recommended,220440,27773484,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,Nowhere near as good as its predecessors. There is no targeting mode.
,Recommended,220440,33430391,Posted: 10 July,all,Patchx,A great game.
76561197993250764,Not Recommended,220440,21933540,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Atuday,"I have been a fan of this series since I was a kid. That said, this is a horrible game and I wish I could have my money and time back."
76561198315374880,Recommended,220440,34172351,Posted: 11 August,all,Tahuchiz,Good Games & Well Played.
,Recommended,220440,34313325,Posted: 17 August,all,DARKSLAYER,The best hack and slash i've ever played
,Recommended,220440,23043565,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,Solid Gameplay....But Pales in ComparIson to the Originals!
,Recommended,220440,33894866,Posted: 29 July,all,Dumb Bunny,i guess i dont like this i dont know
76561198068036477,Recommended,220440,23892581,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,TouchedByJesus,So ♥♥♥♥ing underrated
,Not Recommended,220440,8314756,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cannamancer,Ninja Theory is a joke of a company this game was garbage. Give us a real Devil May Cry 5 Capcom.
,Not Recommended,220440,12010621,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Razermancer,"I'm a huge DMC fan and I love the story overall.then this came out, i have no problem with the fact that its a reboot and its alot more modern than the original story, I do have a problem with the fact that they ruined the two main characters of this game, Dante and Vergil.other than that it has amazing graphics and a very nice battle system. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,220440,12575538,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Pliskin,The only thing going for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game Is it's fast paced combat system.
,Not Recommended,220440,12309058,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Gnikrutuf,It feels like dust in the eye.
,Recommended,220440,11397686,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,Even if some people may say the new dante is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I highly prefer this one. But this is not what makes this game a stand alone from all the others Hack and Slash. This game's combat is incredibly fun. Offering many differant combos and tons of upgrades. The soundtracks of this game are simply amazing enough to keep you into the action until the end. The story line is very well interprated. The voice acting is amazing. The graphics look gorgeous. The only thing that I find bad about this game is that you would prefer playing with a controller instead of a keyboard but it is still manageble with the keyboard nevertheless.Overall review: 9/10Buy it if you hitch for a good Hack and Slash game. This game really stands out.
,Recommended,220440,14342068,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,GeoLuz 🎮💯👊🤙,"DmC: Devil May Cry is a reboot of the famous Devil May Cry series. It stars Dante, son of Sparda, who is the son of a demonic father and an angelic mother. You will see how demons and angels merge as the story progresses. Dante’s lifestyle is that of a playboy, living a life of booze, parties, and sex. The story centers around two other characters: Kat, the psychic, and Vergil, Dante’s brother. The story truly evolves when Kat and Vergil meet up with Dante in place called Limbo.The combat in the game is generally about the use of melee weapons and your ability to use combos against the various demons. The combat is entertaining enough that it makes DmC: Devil May Cry a fun reboot in the aggregate. You begin to learn the basics of melee combat with the Rebellion sword. Melee turns into learning so many different moves so that you can score style points under the game’s scoring system. Eventually, other melee weapons come into play and they are demon based as wells as angel based. This is when combat becomes even more important since some demons are vulnerable only to demonic weapons and other demons are vulnerable only to angelic weapons.The story includes world domination, evil, love and conspiracy theories. The characters are pretty good because their voiceovers are excellent. The cutscenes display drama and the characters tend to walk a fine line between good and evil as the plot is well detailed.The missions are quite linear, but they are never boring since they are diverse enough and lack tedium. In one mission you are fighting demon hordes in a city that appears to be crumbling. In another mission you are inside the offices of a TV network where you must face groups of demons as you go from one office to another. The melee weapons eventually include a Rebellion and Osiris. The Rebellion is a demonic axe with plenty of power, but at the expense of speed. The Osiris is an angelic weapon with plenty of speed. Both weapons can be used to lift demons in the air and you can jump into the air to score major chain combos for the most style points. The idea of the scoring system is to vary your attacks, chain your combos, and finish off the demons in short order. The style points are displayed on the screen while you are in the heat of battle with SSS being the highest possible grade for your combat performance. I used the mouse/keyboard controls throughout the game and they were smooth. I got used to the controls pretty quickly, but it takes time to master the moves, including platforming. There is a lot of jumping from platform to platform and that includes angel lifts and angel boosts. Angel lifting is the jumping from platform to platform using Dante’s grappling hook on blue circles. Angel boosting is jumping and flying/boosting above large gaps to reach a faraway platform. One interesting weapon that Dante acquires later in the game is the Aquila, an angelic weapon that can be used for melee and can be thrown to cut through vines.Completionists will always find something to do in each mission. To complete 100% of each mission you will have to return to a mission to collect keys that will open doors to secret missions and free lost souls waiting to be liberated. The secret missions require keys that reflect the difficulty of each secret mission. Copper keys are keys that open doors to the easiest secret missions. Argent keys open doors to more challenging secret missions. Gold keys are for the hardest secret missions. The secret missions are short and can help you practice your moves. I learned from the secret missions that Dante’s combat moves are easy to learn, hard to master. Some challenges include killing all demons without taking a hit and scoring hits only by using demon evade, a well-timed way of evading demon attacks while armed only with a demonic weapon such as the Arbiter.The boss fights are entertaining in their own right, although they are formulaic. You fight bosses while learning their moves so that you figure out how to defeat them. One boss near the end of the story, Mundus, is quite convincing as a mean monster since the voiceover is superb. The one minor problem with combat against either bosses or other demons is that sometimes the camera angles can get in the way, preventing you from seeing everything in the spur of the moment. However, this problem is so minor it doesn’t take much away from the entertainment value of the combat.I think DmC: Devil May Cry is worth your time since the combat is well choreographed and the controls are excellent. If there are problems with combat it is usually because the timing of the combos is not right. It takes plenty of practice to master the different combos. The varied missions are entertaining and will never bore you. The game has more replay value if you decide to play Vergil’s Downfall DLC, which stars Dante’s brother Vergil."
76561198169615559,Not Recommended,220440,29732649,Posted: 5 February,all,nevermesswithme42,"Story bad, gameplay fun, Kat's♥♥♥♥♥makes up for the flaws, Fake Dante is basically a 12 year old kid that grabbed the master sword while playing call of duty and went 7 years into the future to become the most immature adult ever."
,Not Recommended,220440,31685208,Posted: 11 May,all,Backdoor Bandit,Noisia music - 9/10Level Design - 8/10Combat - 5/10Conclussion : Listen Noisia on youtube for free)
,Recommended,220440,12799637,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,LiquidThoughts,"10/10 ""Intense combat, amazing music with a story with subtext that will hit home""The thing you care about:Its a god of war style hack and slash.  Yes its a blast to play with very tight gameplay.  If you get hit its your own fault.  No wonky mechanics are going to screw you up.Stress relief simulator:Tired of being oppressed and lied to while our food source is being poised by greedy CEO's in real life? Fight the demons oppressing us.  Kill the succubus that lives in Coca Cola poisoning us to make us week.  ♥♥♥♥ up the demon behind CNN/Fox news spreading lies and take out a Politician demon whos goal is to take our freedoms. (Names have been changed to protect the evil ♥♥♥♥ers in charge of said companys)"
76561197972167753,Recommended,220440,11378102,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Mattee,"Out of all the DMC games I would say that this one is my second favourite underneathe the first original game on PS2. I think the reboot is a nice, modern, western take on a very cool and mythical story. The new characters a very likeable, the graphics are great, and on PC the frame rate is a non-issue (some people disliked the console version being locked to 30 fps, though having played this game on both consoles and PC I can safely say that while 60 fps+ is the better experience, 30 fps is still enjoyable).No multiplayer to speak of but a satisfying, decently sized single player campaign with a decent story and addictingly fun combat with good controls (keyboard & mouse do just fine but a gamepad is more preferable in my personal opinion) make this game worth it in my opinion. I'd definitely recommend this to people who like hack & slash games."
,Recommended,220440,23393941,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Dyldo,Funny comic sans hound
76561198085257999,Recommended,220440,12615242,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,DaRiUs<3!?,"Dante:Trish...devils never cry...These tears, tears are a gift only humans have.DMC live his story and gameplay for the true fan's of this game i recommend this game for everyone who like shoot hit and kill game with many demons mobs etc..."
,Recommended,220440,12565433,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Pretentieux,"So ♥♥♥♥ing good.  Very underrated.  Has been on sale for under $10.  The gameplay is worth full price, but the replayability is not, so I recommend a purchase at anything under $15-20."
,Recommended,220440,8470026,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,bc,"Played nearly every game this year that was high rated, none comes close to the visual feast that this game provides, if you like skillshot hack and slash then this game is the best of its kind. One of my top picks for 2013 and a game that is so underrated its not funny. i played it with a controller and it was a blast, when you start to link together complex combos the feeling of satisfaction that you will gain is immense. this game is an amazing hidden gem.Story - 9Gameplay - 10Visuals - 10Replay - 9A solid game, much better than its predecessors and a game worthy of being titled best in its class and also one of the best releases of 2013.Ed Note-I understand the community is split over this game, half think this game is too easy, combos are to easy and pretty much hate it, the other half loves it. Well, heres my opinion as someone who played all games, the previous dmc games wernt that good, backtracking, horrid story, cheesy dialogue and overtly japanese themes. Yes, they had a great combat system, but thats what the game was known for anyway, This reboot helps to streamline combat and fix up the obvious lackings of the previous series. Consider this game an americanized reboot, i think its much better."
,Not Recommended,220440,22989508,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Blutonic,"Buy it for the fun gameplay, not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story."
76561197977031335,Recommended,220440,8161079,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Wezilla,Two-thumbs-up
76561198052981677,Recommended,220440,28573586,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,muzicman3000,:)
,Not Recommended,220440,28768920,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,AKARISU Orichalcum,"If is not broken, DON'T fix itthe gameplay is amazing! and controls are great in many aspectsBut NOTHING can make up for that story!the worse protagonist ever to be playable,  the characters are relatable as stepping on poo, you don't want to be the one and don't want to help who have, the over use of swearing was intended to make the characters more human, but only made them more jerks than anyone in any game, for an @$$hole, DONTE only needs an apple, and all the great things about the original game were completely lost, no longer the classic trip through the entire castle just to open a door, all we do here is jump some plateaus and fight our way to a portal;I could accept this game if were just a gauntlet with no more than 10 cut-scenes in total, like the original game, the gameplay alone worth buying this game, but anything else, either sound, graphics, dialog, environment, and anything that makes a game, this game don't have."
,Recommended,220440,12705898,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,andryson1126,the first hack n slash game i hooked on.....
76561198046675266,Recommended,220440,19483310,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Dustin,"An entertaining hack-and-slash game.You're a demon/angel hybrid that fights demons to try and avenge your family.The music keeps the fighting intense as it plays screamo music, with an insane amount of moves, weapons, and perfect gameplay mechanics that give you freedom to move and kill in the way you want much like Kingdom Hearts.The reason why this DmC game is so hard is that your health does not regenerate. Unless you either beat the level entirely, buy potions (which affect your score AND get more expensive every purchase), or finding a RARE red skull for one bar of health. So not taking any damage is key which makes it very challenging.Being sucked into limbo and fighting the same things over and over does get very tedious though. Still, it is a fun game.8/10"
,Not Recommended,220440,34511589,Posted: 26 August,all,T H R I L L H O U S E,"This is a pretty solid game an an interesting take on Devil May Cry. However, I can't recommend the PC version. Controller support is terribly implemented and the game runs terribly even with a rig that should be able to more than handle it."
,Recommended,220440,12781093,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,GiLneration,10/10 Automatic Quick Silver on Devil Trigger.
,Recommended,220440,13466281,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Freelancer,"DmC Devil May Cry may not have lived up to the hopes from a lot of long time fans of the series but the reboot in my honest opinion is still a fantastic game. There are some problems with the gameplay but overall the game is fantastic and is a must own in anyone's library.DmC is a combo based Hack and Slash, Action Adventure game that is a reboot of the long running series Devil May Cry. In this game you play as Dante, a half demon/half angel Nephilim that while learning about his origins fights his way through demons to get to the demon king. As stated since DmC is a hack and slash combo game you must master combos of various weapons in order to kill waves of demons and get a higher combo score. This Combo score is scored on a lettering system which is in the order of Dirty, Cruel, Brutal, Anarchic, Savage!, SSadistic!! and SSSensational!!!. The higher the combo score the more XP you get in order to upgrade Dante's weapons which include his sword, Rebellion, his demon weapons Arbiter (Axe) and Eryx (Gloves), his angel weapons Osiris (Scythe) and Aquila (Shuriken) and his ranged weapons Ebony & Ivory, Revenant and Kablooey. Along with upgrading these weapons you have the ability to unlock new combos that you can use to more effectively kill demons and get a higher combo score.In order to get a higher combo score you must mix up combos and weapons without getting hit by an enemy. Despite it being a bit complex it is nowhere near the complexity of the original Devil May Cry games which is a big reason a lot of long time fans were not happy about the reboot. Along with the dumbing down of the combat it is also a lot easier to get a SSS rank which takes a lot of the challenge out of a hack and slash combo game. Another quirk that was a problem with this game was the color coded enemies. This severely limited your options of what weapons you could use against an enemy. Though it added a little layer of complexity to the combat it was more of an irritant that something enjoyable. Otherwise the combat was a lot of fun and I got a huge satisfaction of killing enemies and using various combos while fighting.One more thing to add is that in the original Devil May Cry series, the player was forced to go through very monotonous jumping puzzles that really served no purpose being in the game. DmC improved on this greatly and despite it still having the jumping puzzles they are a lot more satisfying. For example, at one point you are in limbo mode while Vergil and Kat are in the real world. All during this time the world around you is falling apart and while jumping around and fighting enemies you have to help them avoid obstructions that would kill them. Just seeing the world crumble and try to defeat you itself is fascinating and a lot more fun than the puzzles in the original series.As I mentioned before you play as Dante, a half demon/half angel Nephilim, who was pulled into a Limbo one day after he met Kat. Limbo is a parallel world to the real world where the demons live. This is the only place that Dante can actively fight the demons and use his powers to stop them. After his initial fight he is brought before Vergil who informs him that he is a Nephilim and that Vergil is his twin brother who runs an organization called ""The Order"". Vergil explains that their ultimate goal is to bring down the demons ore more specifically the Demon King Mundus who has been searching for Dante because he knew Dante was a Nephilim.The reboot did a great job of bringing back the characters and giving them a whole different spin. In the original series Dante was an egocentric maniac that was overconfident and used to fighting demons. In the reboot, they show him in his younger more naive state that is just learning about his origins and what it means to him to be a Nephilim. I found the story absolutely fascinating and was quite engaging especially the character development of Dante himself. He started out as someone who only cared about himself, drank and partied all the time and changed into someone that began to find compassion for his friends and for others.Now this game being a couple years old doesn't have the best graphics but they are still very good. On top of that, Ninja Theory did an absolutely fantastic job differentiating between the living world and Limbo. When you are out in the living world, it is very dull, dark, grey and boring. It represents how many in the living world are stuck doing the same monotonous tasks over and over again because they have been under control the entire time. When you play in Limbo the world is colorful, unique, full of amazing looking scenery and level designs.  You can really feel the passion that went into making Limbo as great looking as they can.On top of that the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic. It has a great mix of electronic, rock, classical and many other genres that just compliment each level and scenario you are playing in. A soundtrack can absolutely make or break a game/movie. You watch Star Wars without any of the background music from John Williams and you lose a lot of emotional appeal of what is going on, especially that scene where Luke finds his Aunt and Uncle dead.  It just complimented the scene so well and the soundtrack in DmC does the same. Along with the music the voice acting is also superb. They really made it sound like their characters were engaged and made them more believable.Overall, DmC is one of my favorite games and a must play in my opinion. The gameplay may have been dumbed down from the original series but that isn't to say it isn't still a lot of fun to just destroy the various demons. It helps that Ninja Theory wrote a great story and did a fantastic job with differentiating between the two worlds. The game may be a single player game however it isn't without a bit of replay value thanks to unlocking new game+ and being able to go back and get all the collectables.Story - 8Gameplay - 7Presentation - 9Music/Sound - 9Fun - 9Replay Value - 7"
,Not Recommended,220440,8885245,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Tofu,"Are the people at Ninja Theory all sad 30-something hipsters that cling desperately to their twenties, because the protagonist gives me that vibe. DMC is an okay game. It's a bad Devil May Cry game, previous DMC(DMC3) games offered a deeper combat system and far more aggressive and punishing combat. The Hitler Youth style haircut on new Dante also knocks off points. Grow up Ninja Theory, and make better games."
,Not Recommended,220440,30601647,Posted: 18 March,all,Misantrope ☀,"Very bad story, cringy jokes, a fun fighting system that is ruined by the red/blue variants of enemies that FORCE you to use specific weapons, thus disrupting the combo flow.This game is NOT Devil May Cry, it killed Dante and Vergil as characters and I hope that it will be forgotten by everyone in the future2/10, would rather play DMC 3+4 again."
76561198132358335,Recommended,220440,13466893,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Flawlessmistake,Hell To The Yes! This game is just too incredible. I bought this game for 25 dollars before it went on sale. I felt kinda bummed that i could of got the game and dlc for 10 dollars less but after i started playing it i figured that this game was worth the 25 dollars. This is a MUST BUY!
,Not Recommended,220440,28523612,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Queen of Bastards,"I personally like this games mechanics and battle style, but i cant recommend it to anybody who has played any previous devil may cry games, such as me. This main reason can only be described by a video title that i dont care enough to link. its called ""why DmC's dante is a terrible dante"" and it pretty much breaks down the fact that a lot of it was forced as♥♥♥♥♥♥and they changed DmC's Dante a lot even though the lead developer flat out said he didnt give a ♥♥♥♥ whether we liked him or not. Another reason i cant recommend this game is that after the first initial playthrough, its boring as ♥♥♥♥ and i wanted to uninstall it immediately after trying the bloody palace gamemode, in which you have to BEAT THE CRINGEWORTHY STORY TO PLAY.yep thats pretty much it.P.S. i would ♥♥♥♥ vergil if he didnt think humans were useless"
,Recommended,220440,13361442,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,iDLM3,Love such Hack N Slash game.. always like DmC you can spend hours playing it with all the different difficulty :D:D You will love it!
,Not Recommended,220440,34823457,Posted: 8 September,all,Kureiji,its like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ remake of DMC 3
76561198161039507,Recommended,220440,13418020,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,pyro198809,"""You are dead to me."" This quote came from a friend at work when I informed him I was playing Devil May Cry 2013. Why did he feel so strongly? Because he, like many others, thought the new look of Dante was somehow sacriligious to past Devil May Cry games. Well after finishing the game, all I can say is he and the others are missing out. DMC is everything that is great about the series only with a fresh coat of paint. Let's examine what this game is. This is a reboot of an origin story for a very bad♥♥♥♥♥character.I won't lie and say I am a die hard fan. I have only played DMC 1 and 4.DMC 1 was good but did not have a lasting impact on me. DMC 4 was the first game I purchased for my PS3 years ago and I thouroughly enjoyed the (at the time) stunning visuals and breakneck gameplay. The opening sequence was what hooked me and the gameplay was spectacular. Thanks to the many amazing games on the PS3 (and so little time), DMC 2013 came and past without a purchase and I thought it would be just one more DMC game I would never play.Fast forward to October 2014 steam sale in which I purchased my first gaming laptop and saw DMC 2013 for $17.00. DMC 4 had been a worthwhile purchase back on the PS3 so I bought DMC 2013 and I am very pleased that I did. Let's talk about that fresh coat of paint. This is a modern twist on the DMC formula. The story gives us a look at a young Dante and his transformation from a selfish punk to the world's hope amongst the demons. This story will not apeal to everyone, but it is well writtenand I laughed a few times at Dante's sense of humor. The characters are very likeable (a special nod to Virgil) including Dante by the end of the tale.What about the gameplay you ask? After all this is the real reason someone would play any game. I am happy to report this is the DMC action we all know and love. The gameplay is fun and chaotic. The levels are beautiful and makes exploring a pleasure. Keep in mind this is DMC so don't use too much time exploring unless you want a lower rating. On the default normal difficulty, the game is challenging but not cheap. Every time I died it was my own fault for getting carried away hacking at an enemy. The enemies get re-used but in different configurations over the course of the game. Two minor gripes would be the camera angle sometimes gets in the way and how deep the combo system can be. The problem I have with the combo system is that it can be difficult in the heat of battle to remember all the diffirent attacks you can do. This is not a deal breaker though because it also makes for some very exciting battles. I will finally also mention one of the most underrated aspects of gaming these days and that is the excellent checkpoint system. Again this is my own opinion, but a good checkpoint system is really important (losing loads of progress when you have so little time to play is not ideal).So in conclusion, despite my untimely death in the eyes of my co-worker, this game is completely worth your attention. Despite the reboot menatlity (Dante's new look, the modern setting, the backstory) and the few flaws (wonky camera at times, overwhelming combo system) this game is amazing. I would highly recommend that any action game or Devil May Cry enthusiast check it out. I had such a good time with this game and I am happy that it was my first game I purchased and beat on my new laptop."
76561198072116653,Recommended,220440,12583473,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,shaggz,"This is probably one of the best games I've ever played.This was the first game I bought that was more of a meelee fighting game and damn I really liked it. Even though my PC wasnt the best, and I still wanted to play in high res., it was a bit laggy/buggy, however in the game as a whole, it was a great experience.Storyline: in my opinion, storyline is a really big thing. Not a good storyline =♥♥♥♥♥♥game.This a really good one, as you play as Dante, who is a skilled fighter etc. You automaticly get into the storyline, as you early understand it, and in the second mission you actually get Dante's backround and the other side characters.(spoiler alert)Characters: I find all the characters really interesting, Dante as a whole, is a great guy and fun to play as. Vergil is the one I found really cool, as he always seems calm, smart and skilled. Although you never truly gets his backround, which I find is one of the worst things, you dont loose any interest. Kat is the ""main"" side character as she does alot of brave stuff. She is REALLY interesting as you dont get her backstory untill a bit later into the game. Which is kind of great, as if you get bored of Dante, you will imediately get into what she's all about.Enemies: you will encounter new enemies later into the game, but it is usually all the same. The first one you meet, is weak and easy to kill. The later enemies, which are harder to kill, brings a bit of variation into the game. Boss fights are allright, not too great, but not entirely bad. They are easy once you figure out what they do and counter it.Combat styles: as it was the first game I played I expected the controls to be♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like, how could they be good? But I was wrong. It was easy to learn, all of the controls made sense, easy to do combos etc.Bad: not alot to write, but the number one thing is pretty clear: enemies. They only varies if you get really far into the game. It can take alot of time, which I find annoying. The witches is the most annoying. They're easy to take if they're alone, but with other enemies they are so hard to kill. If you focus her, the other enemies will damage you, if you focus the enemies, she shields them. They are just there to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, and they do good.But a solid 8/10, great combat, interesting story. Only gets dragged down by the enemies."
76561198121927242,Recommended,220440,12494238,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Kilik,Oh My God Bloody Hell This Game Is Brilliant!
76561198070415217,Not Recommended,220440,8209884,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,jspencer,This is a piece of crap except for fight gameplay overall complete dissapointment
,Recommended,220440,29949469,Posted: 15 February,all,dom,very cool game with a cool protagonist
76561198016004569,Recommended,220440,8350382,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Howdyho,One of the best games of the year.
,Not Recommended,220440,35196940,Posted: 24 September,all,exxwhyzed,Meh
76561197961285283,Not Recommended,220440,25617334,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mungrul,"From what I've been able to play, this seems like it could be quite good. But unfortunately, after a short period of time, framerates start to drop and audio starts to stutter, quickly making the game unplayable.Several commentors note that removing certain USB peripherals may help resolve the issues, but this didn't help me. While I believe I may still be able to claim a refund based on hours played, I would rather the devs just fixed the game.As such, I cannot recommend this game in its current state. The game has been out for a while now and if the devs haven't already fixed it, they are unlikely to any time soon."
,Not Recommended,220440,8340074,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Grayflox,if youre looking for a good hack and slash game dont buy thisif youre looking for a good dmc game then dont buy thisits a bad game dont buy it id rather play gta 5 than this (get it gta 5 is awful)theyre both awful
,Not Recommended,220440,12318788,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Acceptable Ghost,it is whatever
,Recommended,220440,7616945,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,<<Scorpio Uprising>>,Dun beeeee cryy baby devil :(
,Recommended,220440,33410665,Posted: 9 July,all,itslitfamm,Better than the original DMC games
76561198056098208,Not Recommended,220440,34573463,Posted: 29 August,all,HITMAN,An adventure with a dickless blackhair gay.
,Not Recommended,220440,35066871,Posted: 19 September,all,Sean,not that good
,Not Recommended,220440,25034426,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,really?,"Full of bugs, super easy."
,Not Recommended,220440,18030287,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Adnan,"they changed everything in this one, so don't buy it"
,Recommended,220440,8318430,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tuong,"In this retelling of Dante's origin story which is set against a contemporary backdrop, DmC Devil May Cry™ retains the stylish action, fluid combat and self-assured protagonist that have defined the iconic series but inject a more brutal and visceral edge.The Dante of DmC is a young man who has no respect for authority or indeed society in general. Dante knows that he is not human, but also that he is not like the demons that have tormented him throughout his life. Caught between worlds, he feels like an outcast.Thanks to his twin brother Vergil, leader of the anti-establishment group called “The Order”, Dante is now discovering and coming to terms with what it means to be the child of a demon and an angel. This split personality has a real impact on gameplay with Dante being able to call upon angel and demon abilities at will, transforming his Rebellion sword on the fly to dramatically affect both combat and movement.For DmC Capcom has teamed up with UK development studio, Ninja Theory, renown for delivering action titles with compelling characters and narrative coupled with high production values. The combination of Ninja Theory’s expertise and Capcom’s unrivalled heritage in producing combat focused action titles will ensure that this latest addition to the over 11-million selling series will remain true to the Devil May Cry DNA so cherished by the fans, while bringing a new level of cinematic quality to the title."
,Not Recommended,220440,7404190,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Ransu,"Basically a HD Remix of DMC3.Seems like for every one thing this game does right there are two things it does wrong. No lock-on button? Inexcusable. Two buttons that do the same thing? Why? Story and writing: Terrible.  Not that it matters, but don't tell me the game has Shakespearean feel/elements to it when it's just pulling concepts from todays popular Shonen mangas. The music is fitting and some of the set pieces for the action are fun. Sad that you have to play through the game on a dumbed down difficulty before you can actually start to enjoy the game.The move list for the weapons is lacking to say the least, but at least they have all the basics covered. If NT gets their head out of their♥♥♥♥♥and stop writing jokes that are basically a giant '♥♥♥♥ You' to the fans of the game maybe they can get something right with a sequel (if they're allowed to).If only DMC and DmC could co-exist, I'd be ok with that. But if this is what we're stuck with, RIP Dante. I can always revisit you on my PS2."
76561198006554449,Not Recommended,220440,13111585,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,50%Grey,boring
76561198045525165,Recommended,220440,5140077,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,SenMithrarin85,Best Devil May Cry ever in terms of combat and plot. No reused levels or bosses unlike DMC4. DMC3 had a Megaman style boss redux but that was it. Highly recommended for long term fans and new players alike.
,Not Recommended,220440,12679082,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,BattelMatter,Cant taunt.Game ruined.GJ Ninja Theory.
,Not Recommended,220440,12812908,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[JONES] Alex,disruptive cinematic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198102800754,Not Recommended,220440,25559660,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Zephyr_Shell,Shortest of all DMC games. Missions are too short and follow a straight path. All upgradable skills are obtained mid game (too cheap). All bosses are weak and predictable. Story feels rushed and simple. Very disappointed.
,Not Recommended,220440,12803287,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mag-Z,Simply hated it. Nothing on the original.
,Not Recommended,220440,27583108,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vazkulator,worth it if you liked the previous games in the past but theres not much of a replayability factor to anything
,Not Recommended,220440,29365917,Posted: 19 January,all,MF,they change dante
76561198085731712,Not Recommended,220440,25555697,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,MC BONFIRE,Game doesn't run well on Nvidia Graphics Cards.
76561198111524684,Not Recommended,220440,23916711,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GFADE00,its almost imposable to play on keybord and the controller support is garbage and yes i did try to reformat it but the controls were so messed up it wouldnt let me and it would just send me to the top of the page of the controls automaticly and the 30min i played thats what i did
76561198067192420,Not Recommended,220440,24549533,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Old Gerg,ive played better free games on an android phone. skip this garbage.
,Not Recommended,220440,14049322,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Tom,"This was my first experience with the Devil May Cry series, and to be honest, I found myself to be almost bored playing. The game looks absolutely gorgeous but I really don't like the whole combo-style game play.  The platforming adventure style jump puzzles and swinging really grew tedious at times.Normally I am a huge fan of 3rd person action/adventure games but I couldn't find myself getting immersed in this as much as other games. I wouldn't personally recommend this but I can see why people may enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,220440,14546294,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,K.,Capcom is a POS company which abondons its broken games after launch.
,Not Recommended,220440,22889338,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Screaming Tower,"DONT BUY IT.Seriously.I gave it a try for the story. It's really not worth it.I also give it a try because of all the hate that NT (Ninja Theory) received for not keeping the original Dante.. And boy that was not the only thing they ♥♥♥♥ed up at.There is NO LOCK ON method. You are stuck with whatever the game tells you that you need to lock on to. There is NO real way of switching targets, I mean there is a button which will randomly select another ""Ranged"" target.. But.. Forget about stoping an enemy charging up outside of your view field quickly and effectively.Jumps? in a hack and slash? WHY? they comprise at least a THIRD of the gameplay.. and they are BROKEN as♥♥♥♥♥♥I am not GREAT at platforming, but most jumps are just broken, and make no sense in a game of this genre.I ♥♥♥♥ING HATED it even MORE that the weapon system needs to be changed by the D PAD... I mean... WHY..Just DON't BUY IT.. Watch the story on youtube.. It ♥♥♥♥ing sucks anyways."
76561198127343150,Not Recommended,220440,12961516,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Zenfang,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Steam is♥♥♥♥♥♥nothing else needs to be said
,Not Recommended,220440,23230186,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Styleshift,Meh.
,Not Recommended,220440,29685467,Posted: 3 February,all,DogLoaf,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄Dmc▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,220440,30483790,Posted: 12 March,all,Johnny Two Tips,"Game is solid. I'd give it a thumbs up if it didn't have that part at the beginning of the game that basically said ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to the fans. No Ninja Theory, ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198043542337,Not Recommended,220440,28129923,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,jamdizz1e,Too intense for me. Then again im from the 90s
,Not Recommended,220440,31907857,Posted: 22 May,all,-(TenFzoW)-,cuck
76561198001713361,Not Recommended,220440,32495832,Posted: 16 June,all,...,Worst ♥♥♥♥ing game I ever played
,Not Recommended,220440,30241922,Posted: 28 February,all,Moonshake,Absolutely nothing good about this one.
,Recommended,220440,30413129,Posted: 9 March,all,Red like Fuck _l_,its really good game for people who loves to play single player and also rpg !!! nice graphic nice missions !! worth to buy it :D
,Recommended,220440,1745701,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Yezzdia,"If you've played any of the other DMC games then you'll know if you'll like this. It stays true to most of the other games. I would say this one has a better storyline than the 3 and 4, but the combat doesn't seem as good as those. Overall, it's a good addition to the DMC series."
,Recommended,220440,789613,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,nick,SAVAGE
,Recommended,220440,5631207,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Monio,"Sex, Drugs, Rock'n'Roll !!!"
,Recommended,220440,2504610,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,midtwo,"Amazing game! Well done Ninja Theory, only criticism is the lack of a lock-on system, which would have added potential for a lot more moves and/or maybe new weapons. Can't wait for the Bloody Palace and Vegil's Downfall.If you really only care about his hairdo...then ask yourself....you really care this much about a guys hairstyle? Seems like you are almost ready to escape the closet..."
,Recommended,220440,4155322,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Mad Scientist,"DmC... Well, I do agree that the new Dante rather looks dumb, but overall it is an EXCELLENT game! Gameplay wise it lives up to the Devil May Cry franchise and you'll most probably won't even notice the time flying by while playing this game :DA must buy for people who like these sort of games!"
76561198051499595,Recommended,220440,5536208,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Sakarnen,"Absolutely enjoyable game, the combat is utterly amazing. From being able to string together a combo using -all- of your weapons to just sticking to one and pummeling the crap out of your opponents. The style system rewards you for using interesting combos which make for an excellent spectacle. While towards the end of the game the enemies become more varied and much more difficult, it is quite easy to achieve an S rank when it comes to combat style. Boss fights are utterly enjoyable and equally disgusting in some cases.Above all the story to the rebooted DMC is as enjoyable as the rest of the game. I will say now if you are a fan of Hack 'n Slash games and you haven't picked the new DMC up already, you're making a mistake. I myself have never played a Devil May Cry game before and have no issues with this reboot, so I can't quite understand the hate this game gets.It isn't without fault, but no game is. I personally rate it 8/10 for stunning visuals, excellent combat and an interesting story."
,Recommended,220440,10417636,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,BnSwiss,Great Game!! Hope they start over with the story from here on out.
76561198066836932,Recommended,220440,10409393,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,JackMaccone,"really good gamei'm a fan of devil may cry but the only thing that bothered me was about Dante's mother, in the other devil may cry parts she has blonde hair.but this game makes really fun"
,Recommended,220440,10386720,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,TnB|C|MotherFuckinBuddha,"I absolutely loved this game. Really enjoyed the story and most of all the characters. Dante was awesome for me as a character and even though the story works through all the cliches I still loved it. I hope they follow up with another one cause this one was great and definitely replayable. I will say this though, when I did some delving about a potential successor after this game, hardcore DMC fans hated this game. I for one never had the opportunity to play the previous ones so as a non-DMC fanatic, this one definitely roped me in to the series. So that's a good thing, right?"
,Recommended,220440,10399814,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Shambits,Surprisingly decent game. I'd played one of the older ones a few years ago for a few hours so thought i'd pick up the remake.Actually an alright story with some very cool moments (The Club fight is awesome and is a great example of how music can tie in perfectly with gameplay)Leaves off on quite an interesting note as well. so looking forward to see where it goes.
76561197977617356,Recommended,220440,10419270,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,SherriffM,great game totally worth the money
,Recommended,220440,6830802,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Syvarth,If you liked the old DMC there will be a little getting used to the new Dante. NInja Theory did a great job breathing new life into the series.  Good for new and old fans of DMC and hack'n'slash games.
,Recommended,220440,1176831,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Lady Naga ♆,"I feel as though people would be a lot more forgiving of DmC if it wasn't a Devil May Cry game. When Ninja Theory was given the IP, nobody believed they could make a worthy successor to the series. I feel as though even they knew this, so they just did their own thing. It plays a lot more like Heavenly Blade than Bayonetta, it's more about flash and bombast than quick, tight mechanics. The scoring system is incredibly easy to cheese and the highest difficulty unlocked at the start is baby mode compared to 3 and 4. I definitely reccomend this game. Not highly, but still. It plays fine and is easy to make fun of."
76561198008029424,Recommended,220440,2481651,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,an0maly,"You might not dig the new haircut, but let's face it, we all very much still love Dante!"
76561197970616599,Recommended,220440,10268851,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Luicas,"Decent graphics. Has some kind of story with not too many plot holes. Casual enough. At least it didn't make me frustrated.  Some areas are available after unlocking certain skills/abilities so there is some replay value. Dante is a dude with attitude but not all powerfull so he is easy to relate to. Think about taking a revenge trip against your neigbours getting on your nerves. That'll get you in the right mood. Somewhere between annoyed and angry while strong and fearless. Enough combos and weapon types to keep combat interesting and no need to wonder if pistol A is better than pistol B since you don't get a ton of different models to choose from of any weapon type. There are no weak areas. Graphics, strory, music, sound effects, dialog, voice acting, controls, pace, combat, ""platforming"", humor, and so on are all well executed. Very good entertainment all in all. So if you see it available for 15€ or less it's a must. You might consider paying 20€ if this is a genre you like in general."
76561198006542586,Recommended,220440,10270794,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Grumpy Old Gamer,"Wasn't a fan of the latter DmC games but this one is great!The controls are not to bad using the keyboard and mouse but you will need to get use to them.Storyline so far has been great and fleshed out really well,  i mean when you want to play the next level to see what happens next in the stroy just shows you how well it really is.Boss fights have been thought out and some really good machanics with them, its just not the same rehashed crap over and over  there has been some real care taken with each boss.all in all it's worth the money in my option but re-playablity i'm not to sure yet since i havent finish the game."
,Recommended,220440,10244534,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Assori,"Great game! campaign makes you want to keep playing and believe me, you will!I played this with a controller, and in my oppinion its the best way to play these kind of hack and slashers(but to each their own).For the real hack n slash pro's this game has replayability with several difficulty levels that provides the chance to develope the ultimate skills to play this game.The game features several upgradable skills and collectibles for those who love going for those.if you can get this game for anywhere around €25/30,-you should buy it!"
,Recommended,220440,10237086,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Zeroknighthawke,Alot of people dont like the new Dmc but i have to say they did a really good job on this ilove how they get into the back story finaly
,Recommended,220440,10308264,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,xWRIOTx,♥♥♥♥ing awesome! But I prefer the original Dante...but this game is worth the action!
,Recommended,220440,10684340,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Professional Tiddy Twister,"I was reluctatnt going into this game, as a fan of the original four.  I didn't like what they did with Dante as a character, and honestly, I still don't.  He went from being funny to just being crass and ""Ugh, I'm so dark.""  There wasn't NEAR enough camp compared to the originals, either (DMC2 excluded, of course).  All-in-all, I found the story to be just as weird and shallow as the other four, but the characters were nowhere near likeable enough to make up for it.Now, that being said, the gameplay was SUPER solid.  I didn't like how you switched weapons with the triggers at first, and still find it a really stupid design choice to have RT activate a certain weaponset, and then you need to press RB to dodge, but that's more of a personal thing.  The combos were fun to pull off, and the weapons and their movesets were diverse enough to make this game stand out.Speaking of standing out, this game's soundtrack...doesn't.  Not really.  It's GOOD, though, but it's nothing that'll make your head spin.  Where this game wins major style points is its awesome Limbo sections where the everyday world gets warped and broken, and you see the vices of man for what they really are.  Really cool stuff, and I enjoyed it.In summary, if it weren't a DMC game, it'd be fantastic, but it is doomed to be compared to the originals; for it's fun combat and stylized level design, I would recommend it.  8/10."
76561197976675214,Recommended,220440,10779688,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mishkin,Hardcore
,Recommended,220440,3247302,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Brandon,"So much fun! It's so bad♥♥♥♥♥and just awesome, buy it!"
,Recommended,220440,10781179,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Banunu,"Great story, maybe a little sad a times though. Gameplay is very interactive, keeps you busy trying to get combos while not getting hit."
76561198065316740,Recommended,220440,6392828,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,nyr4life,great game
76561198119506283,Recommended,220440,10686922,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,XX_MASK_XX,"If there is one thing i have to say, Its SENSATIONAL. The gameplay is just as good as any other DMC game, especially the platforming sections and the DOPE abillities. And I really ENJOYED the story a long with a few funny cutscenes. But there are a few flaws such as no lock on feature, perspective on charaters (they'll grow on you) and the game can be to easy, depending on the difficulty level you play on. but the art style is good so I'll let those flaws pass. So if you can get pass those then buy it cause it's good, even if you're not an fan of Hack'nslashers.PS: get it on sale because the price is RIDICULOUS."
,Recommended,220440,10734542,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cheryb ☆,"It may not be like the original DMC games and maybe even far from them, however if you don't consider as a DMC game; but more of a standalone then it is a wonderful game. With combat that is dumbed down from DMC4, but not to any great extent and a story that is rather simple, but still captivating enough to keep you playing, it is a well executed reboot even if it may not live up to it's predecessors. I have also seen some people complain about the writing in the game as well, and to clarify for that: Yes, there is excessive cussing and points where one may think that they weren't even trying, however it all fits perfectly well into the story, even though it still could have done well without the ""edge"" added into everyones dialouge.So yes; if this game goes on sale for anything under 15$ I certainly recommend it. It is a wonderful game if you can put aside all of the elitist reviews from classic DMC fans."
76561198040752000,Recommended,220440,10735995,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PapyrusPreserver,"this game is poo nuggets for the poo monster, so awsome"
,Recommended,220440,10759538,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Nyveria,"""♥♥♥♥ YOU""Dante - 2013"
,Recommended,220440,10761326,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jake,This game blew my mind!!! 10/10
76561198134202481,Recommended,220440,10765389,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[Prophet],This game is badass not as much as the original but this new pumped up reboot definently brought back Devil May Cry in a big way hoping they will make another.
,Recommended,220440,10756701,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,DrUG...[D]e@LeR..!,"Devil May Cry or mostly known as DMC is the fifth installment of the series.This game does not focus on the storyline of the previous series but on an alternate story of the two brothers,Dante and Vergil.This time they are not enemies,but they cooperate to kill the ruler of the Underworld,known as Mundus.And with the help of a new character,a witch named Kat they will unlock the true self and potential hidden within Dante.Regardless the fact that it is quite a small game(around 10-15 hours with the DLC Vergil's Downfall)it is a very fun game to spend time playing.Fast paced combat with rank,red orbs,powers,lots of weapons and countless upgrades.For the achievement hunters the game will be long enough to keep them busy for 50+ hours,with achievements requiring to finish the game with the best scores and hardest difficulty.It's a very good game,I approve it.9/10"
,Recommended,220440,10803826,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,.,"Since the release of this Devil May Cry game alot of people complained with regards to Dante's new model, however some argued that what to be valued should be the gameplay which is ofcourse again argued whether the gameplay is a step up or a step down.In my own honest opinion, the gameplay is a step down and the old dmc ( I am looking at Devil May Cry 3 and 4)  are way too better than this and is way too easy than Devil May Cry 4. The graphics ofcourse is a step up which a little bit compensates the negative.Just like what I have said, this game is easy even in Nephilim Mode. It's easy because I think it is not flashy. The combos executed are far more slower compared to Devil May Cry 3 even though ofcourse jugling with Aquila and Osiris can make things more speedy.For the DLCs it's funny that they tried to compensate it with an old dante skin with classy red coat and white hair. However, I think buying the DLC won't make you feel it's DMC3-ish or some sort.The tracks for this game howver can be really good and put you to ""game mode"", however in terms of scripts and lines, the diaglogues are pretty try hard. It's like a kid-teenager trying to be a bad♥♥♥♥♥I have mixed feelings regarding this game. I don't see the bad♥♥♥♥♥in the game and the game should be a bad♥♥♥♥♥ I am hating it, but loving it at times.You should get the game if it's on sale."
,Recommended,220440,10803935,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Not Cum Nugget,"Absolutely amazing game, first game ive played in a long time where I cant wait to get to the next mission."
,Recommended,220440,10822474,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mr. Zix,Definitely the best hack 'n' slash I have ever played
,Recommended,220440,10823480,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tiarnis,Excellent game. Good storyline and gameplay.
,Recommended,220440,10824794,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,poncholas.14,"Good game, bad Devil May Cry. Good gameplay but some combos and movements are dificult to execute, amazing graphics, good plot but too different from the original Devil May Cry serie. Some details from the game are good but others not so good for example: the angelical weapons, they're great but nothing releated with the originals Devil May Cry. If you want a good game, i fully recommended but if you want a good Devil May Cry game, you probably will get disappointed."
76561198027252031,Recommended,220440,10816119,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Magnuson,"love this game,   tons of non stop action that will keep you on your toes for hours"
,Recommended,220440,10817817,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Strongly Hyped,"Awesome game. Good writing, great combat. It's a solid 8+/10"
,Recommended,220440,10812450,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,slitheryx,"I've played a few of the Devil May Cry games, the 3rd one is still by far my favorite. I was not a fan of the voice acting, nor Vergils new look. But it was a pretty fun game, and I will probably buy the next one that comes along."
76561198059018275,Recommended,220440,8435915,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Zk,The best game of the next twethy years!
,Recommended,220440,8438357,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Khranan,"This game is a prime example of how to remake a series. Some may disagree but I actually like this version of Dante, brash yet vulnerable. The story is pretty good and engaging enough to see to the end. The combat, although not as customizable as previous entries, is still one of the best systems in the industry in terms of spectacle and depth. Combos are easy to learn and stringing together multiple weapons while juggling foes in mid-air is incredibly satisfying. DmC is one of my favorite action games of 2013."
76561198042929166,Recommended,220440,8391240,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Inuzuke,"Awesome combo system, and not as bad for the change of style and character design."
76561198073142380,Recommended,220440,8391511,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Vynstuns,"just an amazing game, fun to play, and addicting as hell"
76561197976411498,Recommended,220440,8396123,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sanity Asylum,"From what little I have played of this game I can honestly say I am hooked!  This is a capcom masterpiece!  The action is finger breaking, the story very interesting, and the character animation/voice acting is top tier!  If you are any kind of fan of action hack-n-slash / 3rd person shooters, then don't let this gem pass you by.My only gripes about the game are the controls can be a little unconventional (using 360 pad) later in the game as you unlock more and more abilities.  But you play long enough and it becomes second nature...most of the time.I recommend this game!"
,Recommended,220440,8396459,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Choc0mus,This game is totally awesome. Might take a minute or two to get used to the PC controls on the first few missions but after that you're A for away
,Recommended,220440,8364989,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,johnweythek,"As a DMC franchise newcomer my first experience of the game (the 1st level) was great. Combat is fluid and satisfyingly destructive.  The graphics are great at modest settings even and ran fine on my mid-level machine.  I can't wait to fill up my skill tree and the ability to train at almost any time really helps in deciding where you wanna spend your points.  I don't have much time into the game yet but if you're also a DMC NOOB like myself it's definitely worth a try if you want to hack n slash (and shoot) your way through some demons. Jumping is meant more for combat and kinda gets annoying with platform hopping but i'm guessing that's not a huge part of this game, it's really the only thing i had trouble with in the 1st level. Skill trees, great combat and artistic design, there's plenty to love about this game. Two thumbs (and guns) up.Few more levels in and now i have 4 weapons, help with slinging and gliding through the air, and the game has REALLY opened up in variety and carnage. Graphics are still amazing and the story isn't half bad either. I'm already looking forward to a 2nd playthrough. Might just be the best hack 'n' slash i've ever played."
,Recommended,220440,8397513,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Zintix,A moment of silence whilst we remember the enemies that got combo'd in the air for an elongated period of time only to be sent flying back up for that extra combo
76561198067194017,Recommended,220440,8399060,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cr4zZy,I love slice'n'dice games
76561197974122867,Recommended,220440,8399683,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AwakenMyMasters,"I hate the characters, the early levels are all gunmetal gray and brown. But, the combat is pretty fun. Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,220440,8401001,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MurlocosTacos,"Played through the entire campaign in 12 hours, freaking love this game. The gameplay is just too good, and the story is amazing. If you've ever played any other Devil May Cry, or even a game with similar style, GET THIS GAME. It is too good to pass up. I freaking loved it."
76561198009232040,Recommended,220440,8403135,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Intrinsic1grl,Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
,Recommended,220440,2041491,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,phat bootie,An amazing game.  A great story and really nicely set combat and controls.  I cant wait to buy the dlc
76561198038641591,Recommended,220440,8361748,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Axo,nice hack and slash! much like the older once! Great game! 7/10 for a DMC scale:D
76561198083007189,Recommended,220440,8362359,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,OminousRouge,"the game runs better than most that ive downloaded, and so-far is been wonderfully entertaining. i totally recomend picking this up while its on sale though if you want to get the dlc also, otherwise its terribly expensive."
76561198084862769,Recommended,220440,8365384,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BTKHeaven,very fun game to get into highly recoommend
,Recommended,220440,727495,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,orj,Hacky slashy action. Whats not to like?
76561198026326798,Recommended,220440,8367026,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Fizzbann,This game is AWESOME! Good ol dmc fun with a new rebooted story. ohh and hot chicks...gotta have those.
76561197971133121,Recommended,220440,8345190,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Velt,It's a heavily stylized game... The art direction is ♥♥♥♥ing rad. I pretty much love this game.
,Recommended,220440,8346084,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Specialized,Totally recommend it! Best action game ever!
,Recommended,220440,8353901,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Khayon,"Great visuals, great soundtrack, an ok story, great combo system. Highly reccomended game!"
76561198049489283,Recommended,220440,8354221,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,dub,"This game was awesome. The battle system was fluid and intuitive as per usual. The soundtrack and story were better than I expected, and there was no lack of humor. I highly recommend, especially if you are a fan of the series."
76561198092713958,Recommended,220440,8357705,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,halfricantarzan,Nice hack and slash
,Recommended,220440,8358609,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Thundr-Knight,"its fun and energetic.cons: need a super computer , way to masny particals for my gaming laptop ,even lowering it to 320 dosent help."
76561198063926807,Recommended,220440,8359825,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Homelandhero,Man this game was amazing I would recommended everyone to play this game! Story line is amazing and so is the action in this game I give it a 9 out of 10!
76561198013224768,Recommended,220440,8331595,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Hwapda,"Really can't understand why this game got so much♥♥♥♥♥♥ yeah, it doesnt follow the other few games, but it's amazing on its own."
,Recommended,220440,8331681,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,AtlantiaSP,"A fun waste of time, with enough plot behind the hack and slash to make it fun. Plus the different abilities make it worth a second or third playthrough just to make sure you found all the secrets."
76561198044388558,Recommended,220440,8333179,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ProFoxCz,Besta game. Maybe better than mafia II and this soundtrack is perfect.
,Recommended,220440,8334631,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,GrimJaw,Thumbs up
,Recommended,220440,8670762,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Eattheirdead,"While far from the perfect game, innovative mechanics, fun hack/slash, and an obviously interesting story make DmC worth playing. This is obvious even from the first hour."
76561198011900220,Recommended,220440,8400701,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,psyon [DK],"Good, very well done action game(better then DMC4)...Gave me the best 10hours of action I have had in a long time. The levels are nicely done. Trash mobs can in some cases be alot harder then boss.The story and plot is simple, no twists or turns...but who cares about that.Will for sure give it another playthrough."
,Recommended,220440,8537996,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,rane,"First DmC game I've ever played. The gameplay is very good (XBOX360 controller fully supported), the graphics and the level design are pretty good, too. I won't comment on the story since: 1/ I haven't finished it 2/ Can't compare to previous DMC games. Overall I recommend it!"
,Recommended,220440,8528119,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Buffy-C,Really fun if you are into hack and slash game but gameplay and boss fights get reused a lot. the story is pretty addicting but isnt the best overall its a fun time killer
76561198006600715,Recommended,220440,8528207,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,b4dkarm4,"I really didnt give this game the chance it deserved when it came out earlier last year simply because I didnt like the way dante looked. Only proves that you shouldnt judge a book by its cover. The soul crushing difficulty and ball punching frustration of the earlier games is here although its not readily apparent at first. The hardest difficulty at the onset is fairly easy if youve played other entries in the DMC series. Going into mission select shows that there are multiple other difficulty modes waiting to be unlocked, some that have Dante dying if he suffers one SINGLE hit.The gameplay is fast, tight and responsive. The ...... voice acting is surprisingly good as well. I know thats an odd thing to say about a DMC game where Dante is usually spouting off cheesy one liners, but still, the voice acting in this game so far has stood out as being exceptionally well done.I feel like kind of an♥♥♥♥♥for not buying this game for the 360 earlier this year. Sorry Capcom!If you loved the previous DMC games but were slightly put off by the new look Capcom has taken the series in, DONT BE! The entire DMC experience is here for you hardened vets, this is a quality game regardless if you are an old salty dog or a newbie to the series. Pick it up now! :D"
,Recommended,220440,8531917,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,xavyeahz | > Ето ГГ Ликвид !,"Great graphics, gameplay is fantastic, atmosphere and artisitic choices are wonderful.It's violent, savage, brutal and quick. A really good beat them all !"
,Recommended,220440,8543739,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,sorA,"Great game. Just forget all the hatin' by the old devil may cry fans. Good replay value too, with a lot of difficuties to be opened"
,Recommended,220440,6344669,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,GG8 | Penny,"Get it. Right now. Stylish Hack and Slash, Huge upgrade system, High Replayability, Beautiful, just all around amazing. Probably my favorite game of all time."
,Recommended,220440,8544753,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sunzo,"To any one saying ""This Dante is not Dante"" wait until you see him at the end of the game with white hair, He definitely looks like dante.With that out of the way, DmC: Devil May Cry, the new revision of the series is definitely a Devil May Cry game, with great gameplay with beasty music to fuel the awesome.This game is worth playing."
76561198107454646,Recommended,220440,8548053,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ZODIAC KILLER,Simply amazing
,Recommended,220440,8548278,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,banjoeskimo,"An excellent and thoroughly addicting action game, DmC is a surprisingly creative game to boot. The art direction and level design are some of the most gorgeously realised and original worlds I've seen in a game, and the story does an excellent job of reintroducing Devil May Cry's cast in a far more interesting light than the original series. If you're a fan of fast-paced, combo-based action games you're in for a treat. Ignore the haters, this is the best the franchise has ever been."
76561198060493670,Recommended,220440,8616858,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Moonthirteen,"Savage!With a nod to the heritage of the Devil May Cry series that came before it, DmC is the reboot this series deserves. If you have enjoyed any of the previous games, or have been curious as to what it was all about, this game is worth checking out. Fluid combat, tight controls and a perfect balance of new enemies and new abilities make this game a joy to play. There is nothing quite like hearing a disembodied voice announce your badass-ery while eviscerating countless demons.After a sluggish start the game finds it's stride and delivers a fast-paced, beautifully nuanced action game that encourages multiple playthroughs. Solid voice acting and a story that doesn't take itself too serious manage to deliver likable characters and  a hook worth playing 'just one more level'."
76561198051568400,Recommended,220440,8617925,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,KaldDetEbolaaa,I LOV THIS GAME!!!
76561197995069875,Recommended,220440,8623131,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,usNEUX,"Lots of fun! Need a controller to really enjoy it though. Definitely worth buying, whether or not you have played any other games in the series."
,Recommended,220440,8608026,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,sftm,Awesome game! Great cinematics and fantastic killing blows!
76561198080004439,Recommended,220440,8593447,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,rustyklusty,best dmc yet!
76561198091987949,Recommended,220440,8595065,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,parom4,good game
76561197994597257,Recommended,220440,8601135,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,lordofllama,"If you can get over Dante's looks, the game play is amazing it is what i expect from a DMC. The story line is stolid voice acting is great and everything looks wonderful."
76561198016153093,Recommended,220440,8609203,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,iAtomicZMB,"Swords,demons ,fast passed fighting and combos and a society control by subliminal messages"
,Recommended,220440,2786535,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,k0n*,"Smash RT + Y for red enemiesSmash LT + Y for blue enemiesFor anything else, Smash Y."
,Recommended,220440,8570694,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ruebenchandler,"DmC differs from its previous entries by attempting to modernise the story, setting and characters. It partially succeeds but can't avoid slipping into giggly cheap laughs from time-to-time that will make gamers who fall out of the teenager core-demographic roll their eyes (Austin Powers-style covering-up-genitals and ""I've got a bigger♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; spring to mind).But as a ""game"" it's difficult to fault. The combat mechanics are pleasingly simple to master (use a controller though) and the pacing largely gives you room to breath after each encounter. The difficulty curb is also steady and forgiving, and although the bosses sit on the easy side once you get the hang of their routines, they still feel suitably epic and relatively satisfying, but nowhere near the standard set by previous entries such as DMC3.On the subject of the previous games, hardcore DMC veterans will scoff at the difficulty (I am a seasoned hack-and-slash fan although no DMC master but I didn't suffer a single combat-related death in the game). There are ways of upping the challenge but don't expect a brutal DMC3 beatdown here.Overall, it's a difficult one to judge. It's focus-grouped and demographic-orientated to the extreme, making it a pleasing and generally lukewarm experience that will never hit the heights set by games such as God of War 1 and 2, Devil May Cry 1 and 3 and perhaps Darksiders 2, but will still be fun and definitely worth playing once. Recommended."
76561198083777760,Recommended,220440,8570746,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Cookie Monster,"This games is so awesome and the grahpics is nice too. after finishing the game, you can continue on with different difficulty....."
76561198006053458,Recommended,220440,2343841,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Cincinnati,8.0/10 - Very GoodIt was my first time playing this series. Ninja Theory apparently took over this title and revamped it. I had heard much rumbling from fans of the series (Devil May Cry 1-4) regarding this game and it seemed to get some mixed reviews. I didn’t have any game play issues and found the graphics and storyline to be excellent. I would definitely recommend this game for anyone who hasn’t played the first four titles in the series.
,Recommended,220440,8464001,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AdventNick,"The reboot of the Devil May Cry franchise has brought about many changes for the series, particularly for series’ protagonist, Dante. While fans of the original series may be upset at the change to their beloved character, it’s certainly for the better; and this new game by Ninja Theory  proves it.DMC serves as the perfect point for newcomers to jump into the series. It shows the origins of an arrogant, cynical Dante, and it chronicles his journey from cynicism to selflessness. Throughout, the game weaves a clear, narrative arc for the new Dante, making him a compelling character to watch.imageThe story follows Dante as he’s introduced into the corrupt world he willfully chose to ignore. Mungus, demon leader of the media-controlled world, sets out to destroy Dante, a surviving member of the Sparda family, and the only man who can stop the tyrannical rule of Mungus. The world of DMC heavily satirizes our own. It portrays the conservative Raptor News (think FOX news) as the force that keeps general society in check.DMC’s main draw has been, and always will be it’s gameplay. DMC shines in that it sets out to make players feel like the biggest badass to ever grace the Earth, and it accomplishes that goal with style. In combat, players are able to quickly switch between several different weapons effortlessly, in order to maintain combos. After each skirmish or combo, players are ranked in their performance and rewarded accordingly. Dante can unlock new abilities for each one of his many weapons with souls earned throughout the game.The spectacle isn’t limited to gameplay luckily, because DMC’s level design is spectacularly surreal. Every single level and environment in DMC is fresh, and stylistically different from any other level in a game. Each areas unique look reminds players that they are in the Limbo-fied version of the real world. Some of the environments include: a chalk-drawn skyscraper, a dance club where the beats and tunes change the environment, and many more.The biggest flaw with DMC is it’s short life span. While twenty chapters may sound daunting at first, the fantastic combat and set pieces makes time fly by quickly. Luckily, for those interested, beating the game unlocks new difficulties, as well as other aesthetic awards. Rather than making the enemies stronger or have more health, the unlocked difficulties drastically alter gameplay from A.I. changes, to the mechanics of the game themselves. They are meant for the dedicated and sadistic.DMC is a welcome reboot that breathes new life into the franchise. It’s accessibility make it a great starting point for any who might be interested, while never compromising it’s style or spectacle."
,Recommended,220440,8464132,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FILTH,"DmC: Devil May Cry is the best game in the Devil May Cry series.  Granted, it is not quite as difficult as say Devil May Cry 3, but it can be difficult, especially at the higher difficulty levels like Dante Must Die mode.  What I found makes this game easier that previous Devil May Cry games is that Dante very rarely is attacked by off-screen enemies like he was in DMC 3.People may take issue with Dante's new appearance.  I did at first, but after playing the game, Dante turned out to be a more relatable, humanistic protagonist than he was in the previous games.  As for his short, black hair, again, makes him a bit more of a realistic character, in my opinion.  Without giving anything away, I believe that Devil May Cry fans (and fans of the original Dante) will be very satisfied with this game's conclusion. SPOILER:At the end, Dante's hair becomes white & we get to see how & why that came to be. Also, the origins of the rivalry/feud between Dante & Virgil.The combat in this game is extremely smooth and fluid.  You never have to dig into any menus to change your weapons, all of this is done from the D-Pad (assuming you're playing with a controller).  Left on the D-Pad cycles through your 2 Angel weapons (fast & weak, made of small groups of enemies), right on the D-Pad cycles though your 2 Devil weapons (slow & strong, made for single strong or shielded enemies), and up on the D-Pad cycles though your 3 firearms.  This makes stylish combat a joy and much easier to pull off since all your weapons are readily accessable.If you're a fan of Devil May Cry or stylish action games in general, I simply cannot recommend this game highly enough!"
,Recommended,220440,8464718,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,anilsert,Very different from other games of this series. But is very entertaining. Artwork and soundtracks are also good.
,Recommended,220440,8465965,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kernon,This game is brilliant! That is all.
76561198003064842,Recommended,220440,8466503,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ketsup,Tis a BA game my lil mengs...
76561198047495954,Recommended,220440,8507154,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,StrikexDK,"I've played it a bit now, and I must say that I find the combat very intruiging and fun."
,Recommended,220440,8510790,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Soup,"Whether you're a fan of the old franchise or new to DMC, if you like super fast badass combat then you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,220440,7683937,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,the long count,"would u like to play a kool hack and slash set in the universe of john carpenter's ""they live""? no? *peers at u thru sunglasses found in dumpster, says f word a lot*"
,Recommended,220440,9176168,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Katon!,"I've beaten it multiple times and it remains to be one of my favorite games, the best of the series."
76561198022418595,Recommended,220440,9171425,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sergeant Dildo,It's better than Devil may cry 2 and 4. I'm not sure why everyone hates on this game just because Dante looks different. My only major complaint is that the devil trigger sucks. Some of the boss battles are amazing and very creative.
76561198075222163,Recommended,220440,6787821,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Artorias,Muto bom esse jogo jogabalidade facil e muito divertido de jogar no ultimo level entao perfeito
76561198049983786,Recommended,220440,9366126,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Mini,This game is awesome when you wanna smack some♥♥♥♥♥♥to pieces.I love Dante so much even though he is quite poorly executed in this game in comparison to the Dante I first got to know in DMC3:Dante's awakening.I must say that I at first thought that this game would be unplayable on the computer but it actually isn't!The controlls feels smooth and I can actually land some sweet♥♥♥♥♥combos!Try it out. It's ♥♥♥♥ing sweet maaan!7/10
,Recommended,220440,2213235,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Point Caliber,"By far, one of my favorite re-booted games thus far, I was fearful that this would ruin DmC, but it didn't it actually made it far more open to just about anyone looking for a good, well made Hack-n-Slash game by deviating away from the orginal series' Japanese design for a western design which, if anything makes it far more enjoyable and fresh. 9/10"
76561198106125534,Recommended,220440,8646888,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,jcerasmus®,8/10The best action game on pc in my opinion.Solid mechanics and lots of fun to execute combos.Lacks the graphics of say God of War but the sound makes up for it.Story not too bad either.
,Recommended,220440,8625837,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Rev,"This game was alot of fun playing even though the hate on it with having a different style Dante in the mix. The game itself is mainly a hack and slash while earning upgrades and new weapons are you progress. There are also some different difficulty levels to adjust to play style. If you're a hardcore DMC fan this one is for you unless you can't see past the new design of the series, which is fine you gotta' stick to what you love. This game is definitely worth a pick up."
,Recommended,220440,8626355,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Colt1234,"Ok I am a big Devil May Cry fan I never played the first one but I have played the second, third, and fouth and I loved them (the fourth was my favorite).Now please keep in mind this is a reboot this game is AMAZING now it's not perfect but this is close to it. The character development in this game is excellent. But the dialogue is kind of sad I mean they use every variation of the F word like no ones business. Not to mention the comebacks that Dante uses need work.All in all one of my favorite games I give it a 8/10"
,Recommended,220440,8630351,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,euler,"First Devil May Cry game i've played but i found it easy to pick up and great fun to play. Higher difficulties do offer a good challenge however, if wanted.8/10"
76561197987478300,Recommended,220440,8686789,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,AeroOnFire,"The gameplay is awesome.The writing for the story was cringe.  Voice actors probably did the best they could, but the female lines in particular sucked.The graphics are awesome.This game basically plays out as the other DMC games. Awesome action and terrible story.Final verdict : 7.5/10"
,Recommended,220440,8426122,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jaybee,strongly recommend this game.. it reminds me of the God of War series back when i still played console
,Recommended,220440,8428060,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fox,yes
,Recommended,220440,8428811,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Super Lemon Haze,"This game is a massive dose of instant badass. The thunderous, thumping, Noisia and Combichrist music gets the blood pumping as you combo your way to style point glory. This is different from the previous Devil May Cry games, and it should be - it's a reboot, a re-imagining, so if you can't handle change or only want the Dante you met long ago on your PS2 this might not be for you. The aesthetic is not Gothic, the demons have chainsaws and robot parts, but the combo-driven, stylized combat I loved in the first Devil May Cry and beyond is here and it's fresh again.There's a slew of weapons and abilities to unlock, and upgrade, granting you a myriad of possibilities for slaughtering your enemies. The style system still rates your performance and will leave you wanting to go back and revisit a battle to see if you can get that triple S rating. In addition, there's trapped souls to find and release in each level, along with various keys and the doors they unlock. Behind each door a challenge to test your combat or platforming skills.The bosses are big, ugly, and cleverly made. They're not the most difficult encounters, though, once you figure out their mechanic. That doesn't make them any less fun or appealing, and the real challenges come in clearing the levels with the highest score possible.I recommend this game to any fan of action games, and if you're a classic Devil May Cry fan who feels ready for a new spin on Dante."
,Recommended,220440,8429474,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Yirdfast,"Blown away. Also, I want Vergil's coat."
,Recommended,220440,8469581,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tycho™,love this game
76561198029250597,Recommended,220440,7429164,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,ProXy^,"A suprisingly good beat-em up with good characters and weapons, really fun and entertaining game. well worth 9,99 euro. 8/10 <33"
,Recommended,220440,8473020,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,W4RH34D,"An hour in and I havent had such an experience since Darksiders 2,  This is a must-play."
,Recommended,220440,8473575,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rittentv,This game is so fun. The most fun ive had in a video game in a while! Mixes humor with just pure awesomeness! You have to get this game now!
,Recommended,220440,8474649,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TRELAFLIP,"I played the very first Devil May Cry game when it first came out for PS2 but I gave up on it pretty quick. Had no interest playing any of the others. I'm not sure what made me buy this game but I am glad I did. I can't remember the last time I played a game where I played it until I beat it. Love the gameplay and the battle system. I liked the story but then again, I am pretty easy to please. Awesome game!"
76561198025992746,Recommended,220440,8475511,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kunkka,"Great story, epic combat design, never get bored"
76561198053856901,Recommended,220440,19524600,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,tsoi933,I have more deaths from bad jumps than combat. Make sure you like Super Mario type of games before purchasing this one.
,Recommended,220440,19516228,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Two,"I have a problem with dmc.After certain amount of time (this is periodically), the image froze (on Windows mode) and close (on full-screen mode). Do you guys have any clue of why this is happening ?I like the game though, that the only inconvenience that I have experienced."
76561198111370596,Recommended,220440,19514903,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,xK1DF1aSHx,"fun hack and slash game. a bit repetative but very nice graphics. good game for pc, specoally on long road trips has helped kill lots of time."
,Recommended,220440,19469158,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Jurassic Bark,que te jodan
76561198025075140,Recommended,220440,19739012,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Nasuren,"If you're coming into this expecting the same old Dante, then you'd better stay clear.DmC is a reboot of the franchise, and if you manage to look at this from a clear perspective then you would likely find a decent game. Like TotalBiscuit, I found the game to actually be fun.While I did find it fun, the game does have it problems: Unless you get used to keyboard's Angel and Demon weapons, then I advise you to play with a controller or you'll find your fingers getting tied in knots. I also found Dante's character a bit weak, like the Devs couldn't figure out if they wanted him to be a punk or the Loner who was secretly a nice guy.I recommend buying it if you come at it with a fresh perspective. Just don't expect this to be the same Dante from the original series and you'll most likely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,220440,19611112,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Nirrtix,"Oh the Devil May Cry... I loved this game so much I only wish this game were optimized for Nvidia cards instead of AMD Radeon.Pros:-Pretty good story with some plot twists, though some were a tad predictable.-Gibs Gibs Gibs. Nothing more fun that exploding demons everywhere.-Tons of combos and ways to play using different weapons and upgrades for them.-Boss fights were not that annoying, so if you do not like Boss fights I would not worry about them here.-The zones in this game are freaking outlandishly awsome. I do not want to spoil but they took a ton of creativity making them.- Great Graphics for the most part (will mention below)- Works great with an XBox controllerCons:- Shadows look a tad funky, which might be because the game prefers AMD Radeon.- sometimes the camera is annoying, but not that annoying.- game is totally linear (it does not bother me, but some people do not like that stuff)- Controls for a keyboard will be a nightmare.- was a tad short I beat it in like 14 hours with no extras done.All in all a great game. I would buy again. I am waiting for Devil May Cry 4 to go on sale."
,Recommended,220440,19606136,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,john,"The graphics, story and combat style was outstanding in this game. I enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,220440,19594956,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,LucidLucifer,"CAN'T. STOP. PLAYING!Fantastic beat em and shoot em up game with a differant feel to the other DMC's. I don't even compare them, but view it as a stand alone. The whole feel for the game is completely differant, and thus, should be treated as a new game, rather than something that's trying to live up to so pretty big standards.Loved the gameplay, but had trouble converting to a gamepad for a playthrough, after completing the game on keyboard controls. I found the gamepad controls to actually be slightly bothersome with the amount of switching you need to do between weapons and fighting styles depending on the enemies you face.The graphics were/are top notch and the music soundtrack was AMAZING!! (totally bought it).4 1/2 stars from me and would definately recommend!!"
76561197997322635,Recommended,220440,19773043,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Night Walker,Best DMC game ever.
,Recommended,220440,19535765,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Azzinoth,It's like a bad trip but you like it anyway.
,Recommended,220440,504842,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,Ancap Frog,It's better than you think.
76561198105219365,Recommended,220440,19663015,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,That Blind Guy,"I was genuinely surprised with this one. After what I heard from fans I knew personally, I thought it would be unpleasant. Not bad, just not fit for the DMC label.PROS:-The swordplay... holy crap. This is the most satisfying combo-ing (is that a word...? Is now!) in the series. In any gmae I've played! You can resume combos even after switching weapons. It's also very easy to swtich, with 3 at your disposal at any time and the other 2 just a single press on the D-pad away, meaning it's possible (in theory) to include all 5 of Dante's melee weapons in one string of attacks. They're also quite balanced and a ton of fun to use on their own.-The grappling hook mechanic and other aspects of the game's platforming work exceedingly well. First Devil May Cry game where I actually look forward to platforming instead of wanting to rip what little hair I have out.-I dig the look of the game. The environments look quite nice. Characters do as well. As for other aspects of the characters, we'll get to that later.-The music isn't quite up to snuff here, but it's still good for what it wants to do. The fighting is backed up by nice and energetic tracks while the calmer moments have some decent enough atmospheric pieces.-Voice acting is well done. As for the writing itself...CONS:-The story is BAD! It's basically Internet: The Video Game. All the parallels it draws are way too on-the-nose for what's supposed to be a serious game. There are other problems, but I'll not say anything to avoid spoilers.-The writing for some characters is absolutely horrendous. I like swearing... a lot... but there's a time and place for it. DmC just throws it out there like a 12-year-old who's just starting to learn how to use the words correctly. It grates after the first couple of missions, and then keeps going on with it for the rest of the game.-Guns are weak to the point of being absolutely useless. I only use them out of habit.-Overall, the game is a bit on the easy side. Great for newcomers, but I've been with the series since day 1. Dante's just a bit too powerful for what the game throws at you. Series veterans should probably start the game on hard. I've been sticking to normal, again, out of habit.MEH:-Didn't need 3 dodge buttons. One button for basic dodge roll would have been fine. Other dodges are unnecessary.-Devil Trigger should not include anti-gravity. It's there for when you need a momentary boost, not as an ""I win"" button.-Dante is really unlikable at the start of the game. He gets better though. Overall, I like him, but...-None of these characters really fit in a Devil May Cry game, except maybe Virgil, but that's a bit of a stretch.-I keep forgetting there's no manual lock-on and dodge rolling into enemies. It's not a problem really, as the auto-lock goes where I want it.VERDICT:It's good, plain and simple. Quite good actually. I don't care about story in DMC to begin with, so the problems I have with it are just an annoyance. If they're going to do another game, keep the gameplay like this with a few tweaks and bring back the old characters. Yeah, they're bishie, but that's part of the fun.All this being said, if you have a PS2, get DMC3. It's better overall. Otherwise, get this. The PC version of DMC3 is awful."
76561198045505797,Recommended,220440,19563921,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Chaika_Trabant,"Being a fan of DMC in general and having played through 3 and 4 as well as some of 2 I can say this game makes the cut. It's actually incredibly good for being a reboot of the origin story and it fits in lore wise since the past was left out of the previous games for the most part. The combat is fluid and feels much nicer than the others, though its's not as complex. Story was to be expected, knowing the series I called every little bit of it, but it was fun to see it play out and I enjoyed it.TL:DR It does DMC franchise justice 9/10"
76561198045880705,Recommended,220440,19717936,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Creature of the LIGHT,Have played DMC 4 and loved it. Have played this and loved it even more!
,Recommended,220440,19726326,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Jasper,"One of my favorite Hack and Slash games, aligning with God of War series."
,Recommended,220440,19725217,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,ΑGITΩ,"YOU LIKE FIGHT DEMONS? YOU LIKE KICKING SATAN'S♥♥♥♥♥ WELL I LIKE IT TOO.. THEN, THROW YOUR MONEY TO GABEN NOW!"
76561197991270784,Recommended,220440,19725698,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Lawltack,Wasn't as good as DMC4 was but still highly enjoyable for that signature Devil May Cry combat with the thrill of clearing a wave of upper-tier enemies using a completely varied SSS combo without taking a hit. So satisfying. Unfortunately the story was laughably terrible. 4/5
,Recommended,220440,19648224,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Darth Regalia,"If you want to get into the Devil May Cry series, start here. For one, you can easily get through it without even thinking about the differences in the characters that make some of us old fans rage on Internet forums. Second, it will make you appreciate the actual effort put into this game. While quite different from the original 4, it's combat is responsive and stylish and the story is quite possibly the most ridiculous, yet impressivly unique campaign I've played in a long time. (If you don't like Fox News or Mountain Dew, PICK THIS UP NOW.) It's only real negative quirks are the lack of a lock-on system, AWFUL keyboard controls (unless you happen to have 6 hands, USE A GAMEPAD), and the lack of difficult enemies overall in the normal difficulty (start on Nephilim mode if you are experienced in hack and slash games.)*NOTE: If you want an experience slightly closer to the original games, pick up the Vergil's Downfall DLC."
,Recommended,220440,19700097,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Sort of a big deal,This game is so good. See also: Metal Gear: Revengance.
,Recommended,220440,19637222,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Cabiló C137,"Vale a pena a compra, um dos maiores Hack 'n slash ja criados."
,Recommended,220440,9369931,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,BlueBlastoise,"The demo did not do this game justice. When playing the demo you end up on a certain level that happens to be the most vulgar level of the game. I expected the whole game to be just as slimy and profane as the demo so when first starting out I was a bit cautious, however I enjoyed the game quite a bit. Gameplay handled alright and the combos available to me served me well. Weapon choices were cool and their existence wasn't unnoticed.Devil May Cry the reboot a solid button masher combo beat the hell outta everything game 7 out of 10."
,Recommended,220440,21390922,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Eblo,"i dont like writing long reviews so i'll summarize it+ Yes, Dante has character development. Pretty good development, too. DmC Dante is a damn fine character.+ Gameplay is so tight. Tighter than any other game in the series.+ Replay value+ Yes, it has good reason to be using the Devil May Cry name despite being an entirely new setting.- It's a Devil May Cry game, so it's not that long.- The game's world could have been explored a bit more in the story, but it wasn't."
,Recommended,220440,21405780,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short DmC: Devil May Cry review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 9 hours to complete on Nephilim difficultyPlayed multiplayer? N/AWorth revisiting? Yes, to play on higher difficulties and to find all the collectiblesBest part – Excellent combat system, very reminiscent of older Devil May Cry titlesWorst part – While the new cast of characters are largely well done, a few of them are a bit irritating (Kat & Lilith)"
,Recommended,220440,21395198,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Rainbow Pandas,Play it now dont ask questions
76561197981468961,Recommended,220440,21395642,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Katoom,"This is an awesome remix of the Devil May Cry formula, if your a DMC fan you have to play this one!!!"
76561197970849298,Recommended,220440,21415511,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Snotvomit,"Well... 53  hours and I'll probably spend another 25 when I revisit the game.I played using an XBOX controller, so can't comment about how the game plays with keyboard/mouse.Basically, the game is ace.  Just phenomenal fun to play and really well put together.This game is well programmed, voiced, acted and most importantly fun and satisfying gameplay.I bought it on sale.   I consider it to the in the top 10 best games I have bought in a STEAM sale.Well worth buying."
,Recommended,220440,21436484,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Afro Engineer,"All of my gameplay has been off steamDMC:Story wise it’s a terrible game!But if you love ‘Hack and Slash’ games the smoothness if amazing, chaining attacks counters and many alternate  attacks look beautifulsummery:story =  terriblegameplay = beautiful"
01000100011100100,Recommended,220440,21491045,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Nomad,"I've played previous DMC titles and never really cared for them. It was more the genre for me than the games themselves. Games like Bayonetta drew me in with a new style and a fresh take on the Genre. DmC: Devil May Cry, took it the rest of the way. I loved the game, it didn't get stale, it provided, new challenges, new weapons and new abilities with impeccable timing, never getting stale and never getting confusing and then it wrapped it all up with a story just dense enough to care about it all. It was wacky, dark, fun, and the character was a fresh take on the boring ""bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; stereotype that was the old Dante. He's cocky, stubborn and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a perfectly good explanation as to why. You get to see a character you're meant to dislike a bit, grow into someone better and that was far more than I expected, and very welcome surprise.If you like the Genre, you'll love it. If you never cared for the genre or other DmC games, it's a very fresh take and worth the try."
,Recommended,220440,2090982,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Masterwabbit,"As a fan of the series, I love what Ninja Theory has done. This is a great game, you owe it to yourself to play through this magnificent atmostphere, stellar combat, and, new to the series, ACCURATE PLATFORMING!"
,Recommended,220440,1379695,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Von the Wat?,"Unexpectedly awesome game. Beautiful, stylish and challenging. Dante is different, so what? The new one is still awesome and packs a punch. He is a poser, just different.All in all, ignore the whiners. I recommend this one."
,Recommended,220440,5732156,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,everythingbutray,"Pretty much exactly what needed to happen to DMC franchise. Incredibly fun and full of style, gameplay and story are top tier."
,Recommended,220440,30450437,Posted: 11 March,all,Tiny the giant,"This game gets a bad reputation from the ""hardcore"" DMC fans.  As a fan of action games in general, the previous DMC games included,  I think that this game is fantastic.  I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,220440,750375,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,b3Nign,A young Dante? Can this really live up to the DmC experience so far? Yes it can and it does. Of course it won´t be the same but I appreciate this new take by Ninja Theory and congratulate them on a what I consider successfull piece in the series.
,Recommended,220440,516775,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,xILoS AnGeLeSIx,"It's the new DmC, if you can get past the fact that it's a reboot you'll find yourself having a great time with this game... if you can't get past it being a reboot... this game won't please you."
,Recommended,220440,4738541,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,DNA of Gothic Lemon,Awesome game! Music was the best part of the game. Noisia and combichrist did awesome job with these ones!
,Recommended,220440,7756461,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Local Milk Person,"I know what you're thinking, but guess what: it's actually not that bad."
76561198024479563,Recommended,220440,3544191,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,OfficerLeite,Esqueçam os haters e jogue!Não se arrependerão
,Recommended,220440,1881009,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,iaspis,"A big success for the franchise, as far as I'm concerned. Don't get fooled by the negative reviews blaming the developer Ninja Theory and saying funny stuff like ""Dark haired Dante looks like sh*t"". This is a true Devil May Cry game, very solid and satisfying. Thumbs up!"
,Recommended,220440,103712,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Wildcard777,"Best of the series by far! Superb graphics, dialog, gameplay, and storyline!"
76561198063920595,Recommended,220440,9903689,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Egres122,"Well after playing through this game for 31 hours, I can say that DMC: Devil May Cry is a good game.As someone who has only played Devil May Cry 4, I can say that DMC was a great installment. You start off with a few cut-scenes; our main character Dante is attacked by a demon and has to grab his weapons and clothes. It does pretty well in getting you acquainted to the controls of your melee weapon, Rebellion, your ranged weapons Ebony & Ivory, and your movement within the game. After collecting your things and beating the first boss, you are then told that Dante is a Nephilim, a half demon half angel hybrid whose memory was wiped after his parents were killed/trapped away by Mundus, the current demon king. It will be up to Dante and his recently found twin brother Nero to stop Mundus from taking over the human world. Of course without spoiling, the story was fine. The characters to me were fine, the bad guys were a bit stereotypical, but it served its purpose in providing Dante a new origin story. Now since I didn’t play the original DMC games except for DMC 4, I cannot say much about the overall story of the series. Although, from what I heard, it wasn’t something to be taken seriously either.Luckily we are talking about games, so gameplay is what is most important. Before getting to the combat, I would like to talk about the level design. The platforming in DMC4 was one area I found the game to be really annoying. It have been because of the brightness level and the fact that all of the ""doors"" looked the same, but I had a bit of trouble navigating in that game. Which seems silly about a game that is mainly about turning enemies into mush. DMC takes care of that by removing the need for any special items to be found to access the next area. All that is needed to get from one area to the next are your combat abilities and your movement abilities. And since most of the platforming is pretty linear, there is never any feeling of being lost which felt great to me. Any paths that deviated were meant to find hidden items/collectables.Now for the combat. I will admit, I kind of suck at combo games. I was able to get through DMC4 on the 360, but I was never able to complete the crazy combos or the not so crazy combos that are seen on YouTube. But in DMC, I found myself being able to do a lot more. There is Rebellion the most rounded weapon, two angel weapons that are meant for attacking multiple enemies quickly, two demon weapons meant for attacking single enemies with devastating force, and three ranged weapons. A single button hold and a mouse wheel turn made it very simple to swap through these weapons. There are also two grappling hooks that allow you to pull enemies toward you, and you toward enemies. The way all of the weapons work with one another makes much more sense than they did with DMC 4. That being said, for those looking to do very varied combos will be let down because of the fact that the way one weapon leads to another is very limited.As in every DMC game, sequences of enemies are thrown at you some simple cannon fodder, some that are tougher, and others that are resistant to certain weapons. The variation causes you to use your entire arsenal so you do not solely rely on one weapon. In addition, you gain points and rankings based on the number of ways you take down enemies and if you dodge attacks. I will admit, the game does offer the highest ranking, SSS, a bit too easily. The only way to distinguish yourself from others is your score. Finally earning high scores gets you points to spend on weapon and health upgrades. And of course there are a plethora of difficulties in order for you to get you to play the game again (with previously obtained upgrades).Overall I enjoyed the game. If you liked hack and slash games, but thought the other DMC games were a bit too hard, then pick this one up. The levels look great, the platforming is smooth, the story is OK, and the gameplay is a blast."
,Recommended,220440,9936409,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,The Jarl,Great Music+Good Game= Perfect Combination
76561198024826675,Recommended,220440,3566869,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Dark Josh NZ,"Awesome addition to the DMC series!Better fluid combat mechanics compared to ""Devil May Cry 4"" which helps when half a second can be the difference between a kickass combo or the game over screen. The story was meh... not bad but not good either, Game play is what makes this game good and as always in a DMC game the amount of difficulties you need to unlock gives some good replay value."
,Recommended,220440,8998890,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,I.am.groooooooooot,very enjoyable and timeworthy
76561197961074214,Recommended,220440,68609,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,WarmZie,Great action game. amazing gameplay. good story. cant wait for and dlc and the next DMC
,Recommended,220440,8804312,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Shekelmaster,"A very intresting game. Once you play its kind of addictive, atleast it was like that for me."
,Recommended,220440,1480470,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,TobbRobb,"A well executed 10h hack'n'slash game with some pretty fun mechanics. It's not DMC 3, but hell. It's still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,220440,9005406,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,GiaLoTa,"It lasted for me 6-8 hours of first play though (nephilim) and it was.. AMAZING.The virgils downfall didn't live up to expectations though, it is far worse than the original campaign.Yet didn't find any desire to go for another playthrough.So if you want an action packed movie-game which lasts 4 hours longer than typical action movie, go for it."
,Recommended,220440,8983667,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Maxumym,"♥♥♥♥ YOU.But in all honesty, not a bad game at all. Sure, it's more casual than the other parts of the series but that doesn't detract from the fun you get by slashing stuff in stylish ways, and this is why you play the series anyway. Aquila is a fantastically fun weapon too.The main weakness of the game is the bosses: too little, too obvious. Boss fights were always the best part of DMC games and this one falls short in this aspect."
,Recommended,220440,8990069,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Hot Laps,it was good
,Recommended,220440,981348,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Chiibadog,By far the best Devil May Cry yet.
,Recommended,220440,7680279,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Descartesquieu,"Great game for Hack n' Slash fans, and for DMC fans too (even though they don't admit it)"
,Recommended,220440,9646328,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,seyaat,"This game is astounding. Brilliant visuals, stunnging graphics and epic musical organization from two of my favorite industrial artists. That being said, I have been a fan of this franchise since the dawn of Devil May Cry for the Playstation 2. I admit to a great number of holes in the story from the original trilogy and Xbox360 Devil May Cry 4 extension. Knowing this, as a stand-alone game, it is a fantastic piece of art. For stubborn Devil May Cry fans, I say just try it. If you are simply a fan of the gameplay and fighting style of the series, I say get this game and you will NOT be disappointed. Yes, I do recommend this game."
76561198080331381,Recommended,220440,9648219,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Hentai Tensai,"I hate to admit it, but the new ""Edgy"" Dante is one of those ""So bad they're good characters."" The game itself is passable."
76561198118643735,Recommended,220440,9689117,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,DarthAsthma,"Although it is a more ""Americanized"" reboot version of the classic Devil May Crys, I have gotten many hours of pure enjoyment out of this game. The combat system is amazing, the controls are tight, and it runs like a dream, even on low graphics. It is by far one of the most addicting and enjoyable games ive played thus far. But dont just take my word far it; Go check it out yourself!"
,Recommended,220440,9663950,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Swidtter,"The new story takes some time getting used to, but one cannot ignore that this is a Devil May Cry game! It keeps true to the badassness of the franchise while giving it a whole new life and a new scope. Would def recommend to old fans and new ones alike."
,Recommended,220440,9513826,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Gwynnbleidd @129,"Nice hack and slay with the typical Devil May Cry mechanics + more, great dialogues and a tense story line.Must buy if you're a fan of the old ones - if only for the story.Vergil's Downfall DLC on the other hand isn't worth getting. It's just a bunch of repetetive levels with an obvious story unfolding. The comic-like cut scenes are a nice touch, but sadly don't make up for the otherwise boring and linear gameplay."
76561197985410804,Recommended,220440,9513869,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,xghost,This game has a cool story line along with some kick♥♥♥♥♥combat style.  Definitely a solid game if you like to just go in and kill everything in your way with a sword.
,Recommended,220440,9537706,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Brave Little Pixel,"A fresher, edgier prologue to the original Devil May Cry series. Same old combat system and ranking as before, if it aint broke don't fix it, right? Stunning visuals, intense creatures and characters with 'trippy' effects in the world and gameplay, you soon find yourself taking baby steps into a deeper darker story driven objective. Ranking up high scores in combat seems easier but that doesn't make the game any easier. On Normal mode you'll be getting a story with some upstanding gameplay that isn't too hard but does have you tuning in to what's happening. Secrets and unlockables everywhere, a fair bit of replayability in the earning of more Red Orbs and hidden Health boost items among a few secret challenges that involve timed races or certain combat killing techniques. There's additional levels of difficulty as always and a nifty concept art feature. Bosses and enemies are introduced with tips on the best way to combat them, but that doesn't necessarily always help. There is a level of 'figuring out' but there is still a sense of adventure in this linear plot. Parts feel too easy, platform jumping and certain highlighted parts make for easy victories but aside from that, it's still a good game that took me about 8 hours to complete."
,Recommended,220440,234431,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,GTX,"As an incredibly fast action-paced fighter game, the Devil May Cry series always tends to challenge your button mashing abilities by making sure you button mash in a specific sequence. A decent storyline with good voice acting is backed by a killer awesome soundtrack and amazing gameplay."
,Recommended,220440,3960199,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,FearTheCalm,"Despite all the ""New Dante"" controversy, I quite like this game. The combat feels better IMO. Good port as well, no isses here."
76561198050326025,Recommended,220440,8558930,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RobMen86,"DMC: Devil May Cry is a nice fresh reboot of the original through new eyes. The story has been more modernized, the combat has great fluidity, and the music has my head bobbing every step I take.The voice acting in this game is very minimalistic (which in my opinion is a good thing) It just makes the characters seem more real.There is one downside I have to this game, it's that Limbo can become almost repetitive on the eyes. The scenery is usually toned with red which almost makes each level seem like you've been there before.... almost. That's not to say that the whole game is filled with this case of familiarity. One level has a very diverse appearance taking place in a dance club.Overall I really have been enjoying this game. I appreciate the reimagining of the original along with some of the games hat tips.If I had to give it a rating as of now I'd say 8.5/10"
,Recommended,220440,8559707,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,dragon_blade,I don't understand why this game gets hate sure dante looks different but is that any reason to hate on a game ?The game looks amazing with high seetings on hd graphics ect. It may be a portbut it's a good port. I highly reccomend you have a controller handy as playing with a keyboard  doesn't work well unless your used to it.Over all its a good hack n slash 8/10
,Recommended,220440,8560811,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Metju.Perry,"Say what you want, but DmC is a good game. I have completed DMC 4 before, and this seems like a step up.Sure, Dante has a character of a teen prick in this game, but that changes as the story moves on, and I really think it¨s a shame that some people avoid this game just because of this change.The music and estetic are both really great, and ""Limbo"" gives a lot of opportunities and exciting enviroments.As for the fighting system. Some people say it's very simplified... I don't know about that, they may be right, but I know for a fact it is solid combat system, rewarding and satisfiing. For me it's actually really suprising to find myself going into training mode again and again just to try that new combination of attacks I figured out earlier.This game is worth it, and if you ignore it just because of new Dante.... I think you are missing out."
76561197991629230,Recommended,220440,8499009,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Piccolo,cash
,Recommended,220440,8499639,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Mighty Midget,"Decent game. Picked it up for cheap on steam sale, played it through and it was fun. GoTY? No. But a good killer of a couple of hours, yes. Beat em up with decent controls smooth graphics, an OK story at best and soundtrack. The art style was well done and the bosses and dialog really fit the 'new' DmC look. Overall had fun, would reccommend if it's on sale."
,Recommended,220440,8500995,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Teh Zodiak,Really great game. Adds in a challenge with some of the bigger demons to make it so that you have to mix things up. Very welldone game. All in all 4/5.
,Recommended,220440,8491727,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sablish,Wow. Such WOW.From first minute till end it's very cinematographic and bring a lot of fun.
,Recommended,220440,8502999,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Scorchedsabre,"I have never been one for the spectacle fighting genre, but I found DMC not only had extremely well polished combat, it didn't punish you for being just ok at the combat system.The story of DMC is good, a reboot of the original series but not too different.  Its there to keep the action scenes together and to give the game some drive forward.Overall DMC: Devil May Cry isn't a perfect game, but I recomend it to anyone who wants a game that is just very fun to play and you get to slice up demons with some pretty sweet looking moves and weapons.  Its one of my favorite games, and maybe it will become one of yours"
,Recommended,220440,8503899,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Meatstack,"The combat maintains the depth and challenge of the previous games, which is by far the main appeal of DMC titles for me. Just play on Nephelim difficulty, to start with, because the others are a bit too easy."
76561198008350758,Recommended,220440,8517638,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Zod,"Not sure why people say this is not good...its the best since dark siders 1!Really love what they have done and how they integrated all the weapons so u do not need to switch between them, but rather just hold down one buttono (Lt or LT) to trigger themLoving it so far and kick as story i must add with cool intros to tutorials"
,Recommended,220440,7389981,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Cogbro,"Enjoyable. I find the reboot a refreshing breath of air. I hear fanyboy cry about how it's not like thier old Devil May Cry games, and then in the next sentence complain about how all game ideas are getting used up, and it's always the same game time and again.This game has a good story, good voice acting, and extremely fun action. I highly recommend it."
76561198042015344,Recommended,220440,8516961,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Indestructible Robot Gangster #1,All around great game.  Awesome sountrack coupled with great action.  A must have.
76561197978286999,Recommended,220440,8586981,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Byakku,"This game is great fun. The story is interesting as you find out why things are hunting you. It's got a decent amount of re-playability as you try and complete it on harder difficulties and discover the secret doors which help boost your survivability.The combat can be frantic as you try and keep a track of the enemies that have appeared as some of them need monitoring due to their attack method. However once you get a hold of this and you get used to switching between the different modes you start to feel...well awesome, as you dispatch wave after wave of enemy without taking any damage"
,Recommended,220440,21121942,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,KOKE,♥♥♥♥in nice gayme!
76561198108031310,Recommended,220440,21122099,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"I persoally love this one better than the previous DMC games. The new Dante is just more enjoyable as a character. He my have that emo look goin on, but trust, he is all fight and very little drama. Plau, the pop culture references and the new Mundus, all just fit right. Plus, the ending is very well designed and very appropriate. If you love hack and slash games, then you should definitely pick this one up.9/10"
76561198025297465,Recommended,220440,21063024,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Yuddaisuke,"Great game to play on the PC and works and looks good on graphics cards with the power of the ATI Radeon HD 5670 and beyond.Players who played DMC before:-------------------------------------For any of those gamers who played the original Devil May Cry games, this is actually a fresh take on the series. Sure, Dante doesn't have his signature White hair, nor the same voice actor, but on the other hand, it's like playing a younger, badass version of himself with access to both Angel and Devil powers. The weapons are also nice! (+)Players haven't played DMC or don't know what it is:---------------------------------------------------------If the game is on sale, especially with the DLC at 70% off or higher, go get it! It's an extremely satisfying experience! It's a great modern entry to the series, although I also recomment Devil May Cry 4 for those who may be interested in the ""classic"" dante (I like both btw).In Summary,Go get the game and play it to the end! The soundtrack is pretty awesome and fits really well with how badass Dante is. What's more, the gameplay is adrenaline rushing, especially when you play on higher difficulties."
,Recommended,220440,21043885,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Moflo,ive played all devil may cry's and i think that getting to know how dante beace Dante was actuall cool so i liked the story and it runs amazingly on my computer wich my computer cant run cs source well. So in conclusion it was amazingly optimized and had a great story line.
76561198048630964,Recommended,220440,21161326,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Devilock,"I remember playing this game a lot back in 2013... Great music, great gameplay, great graphics..."
,Recommended,220440,21225584,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,TeTneezy,"i dont get why people hate on this game at all. the story was great and the gameplay was fun. only downside was that it was very short. wish they made a sequel after that ending :D. dont buy full price though, its too short wait for a discount."
76561198086163374,Recommended,220440,21191655,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Shádoh,> srs addictive and very well written!Love the Unique Quality of this game and very well written Storyline
76561198079647282,Recommended,220440,21118345,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Lelouch,"Awesome gameplay, soundtrack and art!"
,Recommended,220440,19760751,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Rowsdower,"Absolutely get this game if you like beat-em ups or hack and slashes. Many people instantly hated this game when it came out because *gasp Dante's hair wasn't white. According to Wikipedia DmC: Devil May Cry (DMC) takes place in an alternate universe. So it is like comic book adaptations. Christopher Nolan's Batman is not the same Batman in the Arkham games or the the animated series. I have never played a Devil May Cry game before so I do not come from the same boat as those people. Anyways about the game...Story:Dante, a half demon half angel humanoid, is almost assassinated by Mundus, the Demon King. Mundus poses as a human and controls the world through financial means with his giant corporation or something. He also has propaganda with a Fox News like anchor and he keeps the people docile with a popular Mountain Dew looking soft drink.  He escapes his assassination attempt with the help of Kat, a human medium who knows some witchcraft. She takes him to see his brother Vergil who looks like a hipster. Vergil is the masked leader of an organization that is rebelling against Mundus. Dante is reluctant to join but later does when he finds out that Mundus killed his mother and imprisoned his father. He mostly cares for his mother since he hates ""demon scum"". So they set out on an adventurous quest to kill Mundus by killing the Fox News anchor and stopping the supply of Mountain Dew.Dante is a funny guy. He cusses alot and is sarcastic. In one scene he has to get in a nightclub. The bouncer says with a smile ""You're not on the list.” Dante then punches him, grabs his list, writes ""♥♥♥♥ You!"" and says I am now. He is kind of like Duke Nukem because he also sleeps with strippers in his spare time (I don't know where he gets the money).Kat is a spiritual medium who can get Dante and Vergil in and out of Limbo: the demon world. She eventuallybecomes Dante's romantic interest or at least someone he really cares about.Before the game she is rescued by Vergil after he shows her how demons control the world.Vergil is an “Anonymous” like rebel who seeks to destroy the Demon King Mundus. If I say anymore I will spoil the game. Do not look at the achievements if you don’t want the game spoiled.Gameplay:You have 4 types of weapons: regular, heavy, light, and guns. By default the XYAB buttons will let you use your default weapon. If you hold RT you can use your heavy weapon with the XYAB buttons. If you hold LT you can use the Light weapons. X by default lets you use the guns. You get 2 types of Light and Heavy weapons and 3 types of guns. Each light and heavy weapon is useful for certain situations and some enemies can only be killed with a certain type of weapon. I never found myself using the guns too much. They do little damage and using your swords is best in my opinion. Although the shotgun useful for destroying certain projectiles. You don't get all of these weapons at the start. You slowly get them as the story progresses. If you get a new weapon it doesn't necessarily mean it’s better than the last one. For example the rebellion has the Trillion Stabs ability which is great for wearing down an enemy at your mercy while the Gauntlets are useful for bigger slower enemies (since it is a slow weapon). It is good to experiment with them.Anyone can pick up this game but pros can master it. Either way you will have alot of fun with this game. The setting is great and there is a good variety of enemies and a great arsenal for you to use against them. The game is fairly long with 20 levels and the final boss is epic and satisfying. There are some platforming elements but they are not annoying and abundant like Guacameele. It is definitely a game you should not miss out on unless you are demon scum."
76561198139716554,Recommended,220440,30653184,Posted: 21 March,all,kutko,"kinda easy but i am trying to win the ""Hell or Hell"" dificility now thats hard"
76561198246416332,Recommended,220440,19873324,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Demontamer71,"I love the game, I'm a big dmc fan but my new steam controller won't work on it. Every time the controller is on it crashes. But I'm liking this for the game play in general."
,Recommended,220440,19854968,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,TheWitchOfNehrgonar,Great gameplay and story
,Recommended,220440,19862085,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,MythrilMagician,"Fantastic reboot and worth playing. Unfourtunatly, not all of the original releases are on Steam."
,Recommended,220440,18800002,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,alone,Just fun.
76561198001027551,Recommended,220440,19897380,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Prankster,"The combat in this game is brilliant and flawless.  I love the endless combos and creative ways you can mix it up.  The story line is interesting, the music is fantastic, and the bosses are challenging.  It has a unique flavor to it that I have not seen in other games.  The only down side is that the main character is reminiscent of Justin Beiber.  There, I just ruined it for you.  Buy it anyway."
,Recommended,220440,19938252,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,RocKy333,เล่นแล้วเพลินมาก -..- Combo มันส์สุดๆ ถ้าจะให้คะแนนก็นะ 8.5/10 ละกัน
,Recommended,220440,19932188,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Björn,Very Nice Game 10/10
,Recommended,220440,19919555,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Merc,"This.Game.Is.♥♥♥♥in.Awsm!----------If you don't have it, buy it. If you don't have any money, ask your parents, grandma, sister, brother or rob a bank. JUST ♥♥♥♥IN' GET THIS GAME. Why?----------I love the main character (no homo), story, Kats shakin'♥♥♥♥♥ disgusting Lillith. You'll like it too. Begginings of fighting demons are rough. The game contains 18 full o'fun missions. Boss fights ftw.----------Fighting is simpler after second mission, you'll get Arbiter and Osiris. Arbiter is slow, but powerful. Osiris is fast but not that powerful like Arbiter. But, Osiris is for group killin. Best way to have fun. Later in game you'll get more weapons. Aquila and Eryx. Eryx is not such powerful as Arbiter, a bit faster maybe.. And Aquila is my favourite. Lots of damage if you know how to play with'em. I'm not using ranged weaps (Ebony & Ivory [pistols], Revenant [shotgun], Kablooey [explosive one].----------Story contains few bosses, demon slaying, lots of fun, Kat's shakin'♥♥♥♥♥ Vergils dumbness, secret missions, lost souls, spiders, red orbs, Tyrants, demon slaying again..----------YOU NEED TO HAVE THIS. I swear, you won't regret..----------End of the line.----------DO IT!----------BUUY IT!----------JUST, DO IT!"
,Recommended,220440,19920576,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SHollern,"Dont listen to the haters.  characters are likeable (as long as you dont try to compare them to the original versions), combat is very fluid and fun.  and the entire time youre killing♥♥♥♥♥♥while listening to Combichrist, cant get better than that!"
,Recommended,220440,19916503,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Tendou Nack,Man IT is FUN!!!! and if i have all of them the dlcs and this game is really bloody and funny but awesome i like it :O!!!!!!!
76561198007834067,Recommended,220440,2470096,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,Ozz,The best game Ninja Theory has made to date.
,Recommended,220440,19881028,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dr. Wankenstein,"I highly recommend this as a fan of the original DmC series. I was highly skeptical at first, but don't like the new dante? buy the skin for 1.49 and move on. Its the same great gameplay, with the same great witty charm. I haven't completed it yet, becuase I purchased it last night; but it's the most fun with a game that i've had in quite a while. If you're looking for an updated hack and slash with great weapons (so far the scyth is my favorite) and challenging combat (on hard) then yeah pick it up!"
,Recommended,220440,19991675,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SuperDavis,"After getting used to the awesome DmC fightning system, the Shadow of Mordor's seemed like kindergarten."
,Recommended,220440,20018075,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Soup Teeth,"good game, worth it"
,Recommended,220440,20540469,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,angelsegg216,"See, his hair isn't white anymore, so it's a bad game. Don't try to argue, just accept it as QED fact."
,Recommended,220440,19987247,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,xXk0n0di0DaXx,"The visuals are vibrant and intricate. I love how the terrain crumbles around you and lights flash everywhere. I love how this game doesn't suffer from the disease of most modern games being way too brown, but damn this Dante guy is so ♥♥♥♥ing extra."
,Recommended,220440,20381833,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,UsagiSensei,"TL;DR Want to like the game? Play the game. Want to like the story? Don't like the original.If you are a fan of DMC, do not buy. It took me years to be able to play this. The trailer had me thinking this wasn't even about Dante, so i had no intention of playing it until recently. I went into the game thinking that this was not about Dante, to my dissapointment, it was meant to be another prequel.Its honestly not a bad game. If you never played any of the Devil May Cry series, feel free to play this. Note this though, the story does NOT fit with ANYTHING of the original 4 games. Nearly every plot detail in this game goes against the original story. You can make an almost perfectly balanced chart on the differences between this story and the actual story. It's obvious that these new developers never played any of the other games, and just simply know the basic facts: Dante and Vergil are rival twin brothers, Dante fought Mundus at some point in time, and Dante is awesome.It is also obvious that these new devs put a lot of effort and creativity into the game. They did a good job at actually making a game, but they didn't make a Devil May Cry game. This may be the only ""Official"" prequel to DMC3, but I can say with confidence that it is wrong. There are even wiki pages for this game that are seperate from the original, because they are different from the original. It would have been a great story, if it fit, but you can't take an existing story and make it your own.Aside from the story, they did put a good modernized twist on the combat and exploration system. I did have a lot of fun /playing/ the game, but at the end, I was just disappointed at how much the devs did not know about the series. The game was truly and honestly awesome; I had a blast playing it.In conclution DON'T ♥♥♥♥ING MAKE A PREQUEL TO A SERIES IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ING STORY ISNinja Theory can go ♥♥♥♥ing burn. CAPCOM should have never let this get published.Making money > Doing it right"
,Recommended,220440,20379776,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Matju,great
,Recommended,220440,20377741,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Kasady,1
,Recommended,220440,20354681,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tekton Pro,INSANITY SAVAGED!!!
,Recommended,220440,20374077,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Lord Skeet,Fun as ♥♥♥♥kkkkk...
,Recommended,220440,20371957,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Synthra,"I hate to say it, but I do love this game. I just act like its a bad fanfiction story and that helps me forget that this was actually suposed to be a reboot. I origionally bought it to complete my collection. Cost me $5.99. I played it an now I have to admit to being in love. Its fun to keep falling to your death in the first 7 chapters due to lack of ability to figure out how to jump. Those kinds of things are still evident in this game. Buy it on sale and it will be worth it. Got mine on black friday."
,Recommended,220440,20458402,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,mk ultra,"This is easily one of the best single player games I’ve ever played. If you want to know what it feels like to be a total badass and slay some legitimately terrifying demons, look no further. This game is heartpoundingly intense.-unique world of demons, angels and nephilim-adrenaline pumping action-Incredible sound and music-plenty of combo depth-great graphics-touching story-fun platforming elementsAlso, I didn’t buy this game to hear a story. I bought this game to slay some demons in spectacular fashion. But to my surprise, I got one of the most intriguing stories I’ve ever experienced in a video game. And by the end of the game, I was just itching to slay Mundus."
,Recommended,220440,20458072,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Deto,"As a long-time fan of the Devil May Cry series (have played them all several times (except #2)), DmC: Devil May Cry is an excellent addition to the series.  The levels are interesting and visually dynamic, and the combat is fast and fun.  The difficulty of Nephilim mode (hardest mode available when you first play) isn't too bad, so definitely choose this one if you're experienced with these sort of games or you might find yourself pretty bored.  Overall, everything just felt extremely polished, and the story/characters were more developed than recent iterations."
,Recommended,220440,20422308,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Rezarivano,Hack & Slash : 9/10Music : 8.5/10Story : 9/10Graphic : 8.5/109/10 from me :*
,Recommended,220440,20435984,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,CliMax,I bought this game with the sole intention of a quick hack 'n slash game with nothing special to differentiate it from another gmae of the same genre. what i got was a beautiful example of an enjoyable  time waster. i don't think i have had so much fun in a game since tekken 3.
,Recommended,220440,20401008,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,RxdPunkGaming,"I picked up DMC quite awhile back when it was on sale for cheap.  It had sat dorment in my library until recently.  I was a fan of the original Devil May Cry and played it through to completion.  This is a reboot of the series, to cater it to a western market.  The heart of the original game is there.... somewhere.  However, Ninja Theory has definetly taken into a modern pop culture direction.  With hard rock music, an Anymous like presence and redesign of the characters.  This does not make it a bad game by any means, just puts a large divide on players who loved the original series.  As far gameplay is concerned it's very smooth and fluid.  The animations are top notch, linking massive combos together.  If you never played the original and are looking for a good single player game to murder the ♥♥♥♥ out of some nasties, I reccomend giving it a try.  Oh, yea the graphics have stood the test of time as well.  Looking very sharp, smoothe, and colorful.  If you would like to watch some gameplay footage before purchasing please feel free to check out my Let's Play series on YouTube using the link below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7-dcaSqDH8"
,Recommended,220440,18940989,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Hydra,"Devil may cry was never big for its story if you think it was you're probably part of the joke. It was always more about the atmosphere and the gameplay and this game has plenty of it. The gameplay while inferior to the previous instalment is still good fun and probably a good introduction to spectacle fighters.Otherwise... the plot is pathetic dark-edgy and the hero is such a smug T-W-A-T that you're happy to stare at his back while he slashes through the game. The visuals are quite the spectacle indeed, one of the best visual porn you'd get out of a video game, that goes well with Combichrist electro-metal stuff soundtrack, constantly pumping you up to see more blood and neons, trashing enemies with smile and slime.The game also contains a lot of disgusting and trash scenes for the sake of it. It also has a deep philosophical and political message : mass media are evil and controlled by demons, but the Nephilims like Dante and Vergil are here to save us, controlling both demonic and angelic powers. True neutral wins, as ever.Recomoffended."
76561197985951941,Recommended,220440,20312879,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jcknuter,buy it! buy it! buy it! super awsome!!! game keeper for sure! a must have for the collection!  8/10
,Recommended,220440,20602821,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Anon Ymous,If this game were called anything other than DmC then it wouldn't be hated so much. Its biggest flaw is that it's criminally easy. If you can look past that then you'll enjoy it. The art direction is fantastic. Just don't expect much out of the story or characters.
,Recommended,220440,20576365,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Piero,It feels like a Devil May Cry game but it lacks something that the other games had.Storyline: 6/10Gameplay: 7/10
,Recommended,220440,19900981,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Buick,"As someone who's never played a DMC title before and has no affection for the otherwise iconic characters, I can judge the game objectively. DMC Devil May Cry is a fantastic game with some minor flaws.Pros:-The BEST visuals I have ever seen in a game. From battlefields and bosses, to the fluid interactions with enemies, hooks and glides, and combat momentum and comboing; everything is natural-looking and pleasing. The levels are also packed with a great atmosphere and soundtrack, making for the best experience possible.-One of the BEST combat systems I have ever had a chance to play with. While games like Batman: Arkham City, the Assassin's Creed series, and other action games provide satisfying and rewarding combat systems, nothing comes quite close to the complexity of DMC. The best part about the fighting system in the game is how it makes full use of the 8 weapons acquired through the story. Some are great for crowd control and angelic enemies, some for shielded demons and slow heavy damage. Overall, the system works really well, and pulling off combos is incredibly delightful.-The Story. The game provides an interesting political and world-perception message while telling a very realistic ""demons vs. humans"" story. While I can't judge the characters themselves compared to previous DMC games, it has to be said that the interaction between Dante and others is rather weak; some of the plot lines aren't entirely convincing. You don't always ""feel"" for the characters the way developers thought you would. A couple more hours of the game could possibly fix that.-Badassery. Playing DMC makes the player feel super-powered, and slaying thousands of demons while pulling off sick-looking combos and having ""SSSensational"" yelled in your ears is very cool, which needs to be considered when rating the fun you'll have playing this game.Cons:-Death punishment. The game focuses a lot on encouraging not dying or using any items. Most of the purchasables in the story are +lives/+hp. However, dying mostly helps the player rather than harming them. Other than boss battles, resurrection gives you full HP and throws you at the latest checkpoint, which are placed pretty frequently. This seems very controversial and doesn't make sense.-Devil Trigger. Yeah, it's useless. The only time you actually need it is for the very last boss battle.-Style System is slightly broken. I wouldn't put the ease of getting ""S"" ranks as a negative, however the combo-breaker is wrong. It should be based on time or hits, not on Dante being hit. It is too easy to dodge and keep your combo going.-Lack of lock-on. While it is true that the game targets the enemy center-most of the screen, it is slightly annoying being unable to hook particular demons. Not a big deal, however.With a great story and a message, phenomenal visuals and combat, DMC: Devil May Cry is an absolute must play. Most of the ""cons"" are more of picky complaints than real negatives. Ignoring the previous titles, this standalone game is a real masterpiece. 10/10"
,Recommended,220440,20737043,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Latti,Still my favorite game of all time ♥
,Recommended,220440,20742330,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Narr0 Vanitas,emo dante -.-nice gameplay :)
76561198231300052,Recommended,220440,20754078,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,dinkelBERG!,"amazing game to bad the fanbase are a bunch of whiney children, would love to see a sequal."
,Recommended,220440,20837192,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,paulo.serpa,"We've a lot of differences in game. I really tried to like new Dante, talking about his new appearance, because the old one was amazing, white hair, rock star's clothes, resuming i like his personality, not his appearence, something worse than it is the new Vergil, i saw Ken the Barbie's boyfriend when he showed up... BUT, the problems finished here. Any other part of game is very good. We've a cool story, where is presented a good begining to family Sparda. A villain with personality, creative levels, great enemies. I missed Trish and Lady i hope at least one of them in the next game. I recommend the game for new players and those who already know DMC series, everybody can enjoy the game.A note , the gameplay is really best than others. i saw a fluidity that never saw in other DMC.8,5/10"
,Recommended,220440,20838114,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,=THT= frogzillan,i love the campaign they did a good job on this game.
76561198164074043,Recommended,220440,18158059,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,A really nice guy :),"i had heard only alittle about the dmc series over all my years of gaming, so little infact i didnt even know what genre it was in. after seeing some of the games in the series going on sale on steam i decided to pcik them up and oh boy was i not dissapointed. honestly this game is so amazing and i enjoy every second of it. the combat is amazing and it feels realistic, the soundtrack is awesome and the story is jsut as good. i hear alot of old school dmc fans complaining about the new dante look and personality but when i compare the 2 this new dante looks way better to me. i know im going to get a lot of hate from this one but after playing ""dmc:devil may cry"" i started palying ""dmc 4 special eddition"" and was abit underwhelmed. overall great game looking forward to a sequel to this game at some point. 8/10"
76561198077396605,Recommended,220440,20846275,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sparkle Slayer,"As much as some may disagree on the reboot and its right to exist, it definitely deserves to be played. For new DMC fans, it's a good starter to the universe. The story has more depth than any of the previous games, and still holds true to the character's personalities, with some interpretation. It's not as lighthearted as the past games, but if one would recall  Devil May Cry and Devil May Cry 2, glib wordplay and stupid jokes were not always the norm for our hero, Dante (and I quote ""I wanted to fill your dark soul with light""). The gameplay is very smooth and the combat system hasn't changed much. You still obtain weapons of differing styles and the Stylish meter is still in play, albeit with new vocabulary.For the old DMC fans, if they wish to play, this game is a nice nod to the old franchise. The camera work is smoothed out (hallelujah) and all the weapon actions have been universalized, button combo wise. It's still a hack slash, and it's even incorporated the grab and pull mechanic from DMC 4. Secret missions are still a thing and money becomes obsolete after you buy all your health upgrades (just like old times). All the achievements are nods to the original franchise and it's fun to try to catch them all. The only problem I have is that, for the old crowd (and possibly the new) this game is way too easy. Compared to the time I spent on the old games, I felt like I breezed through on my first try. I don't know if that is because they streamlined the weapons or smoothed out the camera, but it didn't feel like a challenge.TL;DR - They fixed a lot of weird mechanical quirks from the old games, but it may have made DmC too easy for some.Doesn't matter what you've heard. This game is fun and worth a playthrough."
76561198136897606,Recommended,220440,21383862,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Dr. Prof. Mr. Gen. Tom,"excellent game. im truly enjoying the plot and artwork (along with the profanity). This is me playing this game and giving my opinions.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdhDYJT7Mx8&list=PL5ewXEhXUr8hlGLhDq5rJz74uPPI9uCo2&index=1(if you upload this to  youtube and try to monetize it, capcom will claim copyrights on your entire video if it contains any of the music or cutscenes)"
,Recommended,220440,21354557,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,THEB0SSM4N,Love this game best Dante ever.
76561198067988270,Recommended,220440,21081406,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,exeia,"DMC is an amazing action game with nice story, very fun."
,Recommended,220440,21278273,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Duke Cuntsworth,Ultra-voilence and comedy. Say no more.
76561198125806240,Recommended,220440,21253363,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,kira,Epic!
,Recommended,220440,11101698,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,R3nko,"Pretty fun fighting game.Bought a gamepad for this game solely and it was worth it i would say.Music 9/10: Not my cup of tea, but fits the gameplay and atmosphere nicely.Gameplay 9/10: Really fun, gets pretty hard and doesn't bore you after a while.Plot 5/10 : Generik overthrow the Ruler plot. Minor plottwists.Generally 9/10."
,Recommended,220440,11125528,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Reaver Sleeper,Best awesome you'll EVER get along capcom.
76561198009751090,Recommended,220440,2594512,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,colosio,only few games like this on pc but this one is great in most things the graphics is 100% that consolessolo pocos juegos de este estilo en pc y este es genial en varios aspectos le patea el♥♥♥♥♥♥la version de ps3
,Recommended,220440,2341669,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Valy,It blows the rest of the games from the series out of the water. It's not as hard as DMC 3 but it more than makes up for it with the faster combat system and the ability to use all of Dantes weapons at once. It's just a must have!!
,Recommended,220440,6006487,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Goog,It's like not jerking off for 10 years then painting the garage!
,Recommended,220440,200380,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Smiggy,Holy crap this blows all other Devil May Cry games out of the water. A definite buy....so awesome
,Recommended,220440,493918,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Chandler,"Good game. Very well made and put together. Story was good too. Overall, very entertaining. The DLC isn't quite as good, but it is direct continuation of the story... so probably worth it. If you're the type to replay games, this is the game for you. Beating the game unlocks 4 additional different difficulty modes. Sheesh."
76561198026452405,Recommended,220440,17239814,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,<removed>,"The game is great, well throughout combat system, high re-playability value with increased difficulty levels. The art direction is great, graphics are also neat, if you happen to have 3d vision setup you definetley need to check this game out with the helix fix, its flawless 3d and man it looks awesome. You can finish the game by just button mashing but the combat system is one of the best I've seen in my opinion, resembles the one from heavenly sword, too bad so few games similar to this one are released on the PC"
76561197973622184,Recommended,220440,8350931,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,fingerbang,awesome - must have
76561198015974726,Recommended,220440,8352717,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BoHaN,"Best game ive played in along time, great fun and a really good reboot to the original devil may cry.i got it for 7.49 on sale but i recommend geting it somewhere else cheaper when the sale ends or waiting for the next sale, worth buying."
,Recommended,220440,8352998,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,RaratorK,AWESOME !!! This game is just pure awesomeness. Blow away legions of enemies with godlike combos. Enjoy perfectly matching soundtrack. A really good game !
76561198073317656,Recommended,220440,8258129,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,andrewhuyvu,"Great action game. The story is alright considering it is a remake of the first Devil May Cry and the story on that game was lacking to say the least. Gameplay is fast and it will test your reflexes. If it doesn't, then you should try a harder difficulty. Definitely one of my favorite action games in the past several years. My biggest complain would have to be the cutscenes. They are not as stylish or over the top as Devil May Cry 3."
76561197993778678,Recommended,220440,1494368,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Ozzie,Combat is just fun! Very well made and polished.
,Recommended,220440,6829240,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Ajinin,Balling out of control!
76561198029235381,Recommended,220440,3928005,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,Chiba,"Awesome game, great visuals, cool story and plenty of style!"
76561197989061651,Recommended,220440,7627352,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,mraoul,"Excellent reboot of the original DMC series. Introduces an interesting fighting mechanic that allows for a plethora of interesting combat combinations. One run through single player is short though, under 10 hours. If you don't plan on playing it more than once, wait for it to go on sale. If you plan on getting everything and playing every mode, it's worth it to buy it now"
,Recommended,220440,8309101,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,coolriffz,epicness. simply epic.
76561197997255480,Recommended,220440,1740867,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,Corey the Carry,I think they did a really good job with this game.  I found it entertaining and fun to playthrough.  Combat is awsome and smooth (until you play vergils DLC i felt he was clunky)  But other than that the story was entertaining and I liked the characters.
,Recommended,220440,8312178,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Anxiety,"This game is quite controversial in the Devil May Cry fandom as it changes a lot of the already existing story which upset a lot of people. The more and more I think about it, this game was really good and I think the changes to the story are acceptable as this game is a reboot rather than a sequel/prequel. As with all the DMCs, it’s a style of game which isn’t suited to everyone and not everyone will enjoy it. But I did, and I would recommend it to anyone who played the previous games or likes this style of game. The fighting mechanics are very similar to all other combo based fighting games and it’s really not too difficult to work your head around them. As with all DMC games, the replay value is high and I would definitely recommend this to anyone who simply likes the look of it because it doesn’t disappoint."
,Recommended,220440,8312439,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Truffs De Troende,"I love the DMC series, and this game does not dissapoint. Amazing gameplay that you would suspect from this series, however this game does branch off into a different storyline, saying what could have happened if Dante were a different character, this is not a prequel. I'd pay 40, no more."
,Recommended,220440,8312737,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,whydavid,"Gameplay is smooth and the story is existent compared to the predecessors. A reboot was needed after what DMC 4 was. Only problem is a change to one of the characters, Vergil."
76561198000376068,Recommended,220440,8314037,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nitro-NL,"Got this game a while now, and i still like it. brillIant game. A bit short, but awesome graphics, gameplay and story.I'm so hoping for a sequel."
,Recommended,220440,663517,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,[JPF] Silmarillium,"When you're into the zone its awsome. Story also great although you play it to ram your buttons on your controller ... well in the good order haha :D nice levels, fighting not so repetitive but depends on how you play it right :D"
,Recommended,220440,17340599,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,sevenskull,"Awesome action hack and slash game, like the old ones. I you are a fan of devil may cry style, you are going to like this one. But it you are a fanboy of Dante, maybe. you don't like this new/young one.Great artGreat soundGreat actionGreat stylish combos.Great controller support (xbox 360)"
76561198155437925,Recommended,220440,17525342,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,nocnai,"A mechanically sound game with a diverse and engaging battle system, and a decent story with good platforming/pacing throughout. Runs well and plays well with both the Xbox and PS4 controllers.+ Very interesting boss fights+ Deep battle system, more rewarding the better you get+ Runs and plays well, very little input lag, you feel grounded+ Metal music fans will enjoy the soundtrack- Story is just ok- Small camera issues at times- Starts a bit slow as upgrades cause an artificial skill block before you unlock the rest of your combo moves= Overall 8.5/10"
76561198044118560,Recommended,220440,5005274,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Frosbite,"se vc é fã de DMC, esse jogo é OTIMO! mas é longe de ser perfeito, alguns pontos:- personagens comecam sem graça, mas ficam melhores da metade pro final...- Devil trigger ficou decepcionante.- Chefoes muito legais- fantastico gameplay (mas podia ter dado mais atenção as armas de fogo)- A luta final (Boss final) é muito divertido e é o boss fight que eu mais gostei em toda a franquia.ps.: nao jogue no ""human"" pois esse é o jogo mais facil da franquia, recomendo começar em um dos outros dois."
76561198119749116,Recommended,220440,17307389,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,SaNe Vanished,I really like this game ;)
76561198020968421,Recommended,220440,17257726,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,utku,
76561198041445934,Recommended,220440,17623136,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,cool1214,"While there are many hates out there on this game. I must say that this is a great game.Graphics: Stunning! Beautiful model creation, great lightning, shadow effects, the background is also very beautiful. I would give a 10/10 (this is NOT FPS! ^^ so I think its fine in its own way)Also great compatible even to mid range PCs. I played by a GT 740M laptop, and it run in max setting just fine.Story: 7/10. While still has some conflicts to the previous DMC, the story itself is great and enjoyable.Gameplay: 8/10. It manage to keep the fast pace combat from the previous ones. Easy to execute combos and is very friendly and easy to get used to even for ones who never play DMC before. The varieties of weapons (aka toys^^) is great, easy to switch weapons.Secret Missions and Bloody Place are nice."
,Recommended,220440,17592955,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Usagi,"This game is very addictive. I can easily spend hours on end playing it. I've never played the original DmC but this reboot is nice. I enjoy the Heavy Metal battle music, gets me more into the fights."
76561198004076605,Recommended,220440,17970432,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Ninjabullets,"This review was written by someone who played the 360 version to completion and beyond.This game is fantastic. The combat is just classic devil may cry, but with some serious emphasis on synergistic combos.I like the new Dante. Yeah sue me. Old Dante was cool in a cheesy pizza anime sort of way but this Dante is so ♥♥♥♥ing metal it's crazy. The PC version is the definitive version, obviously."
,Recommended,220440,17970942,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,redb0ne,"Demon scum. Demon scum. Demon scum. Demon scum. Demon scum. DEEEMMOOOONNN. SCUUUUUUOOOOOOOM.Verdict:7.8/10♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera, badass game though.Not enough nipple."
,Recommended,220440,17985559,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Swayze,"One of the best games I have ever played, hands down"
,Recommended,220440,17982475,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,E1,great game
,Recommended,220440,7423849,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Sgt. Murtaugh,"Absolutely Badass! DMC takes all the improvements the original creator came up with in Bayonetta, and mold it's with DMC style.The boss battles are great. My 2 favorites were the newsromm and nightclub."
76561198049245968,Recommended,220440,16967337,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Andy23511,Fun hack and slash title with an interesting story. Battles are very smooth and the numerous weapons offered multiple approaches to combat. The superposition of reality and limbo has to be experienced first hand so I won't ruin it here. It was way cooler than I imagined it would be but the game felt a little short. I was slightly disappointed by the ending but quickly changed my mind when the game actually ended. Definitely worth atleast one playthrough.
76561198077787734,Recommended,220440,16923272,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Macheddy,"Small Spoiler AlertFor one who is new to the DmC series, this game was fairly entertaining in gameplay and story. Storywise the plot was simple, Dante and his allies have an enemy they must kill, in order to do so you have to go through many levels, taking down the enemies along the way while completing different tasks all resolved through battle. Easy to follow and understand.Dialogue is average, it isn't too bad, but it doesn't stand out either. Nothing fancy and not too memorable, but dialogue is not the game's forte.Gameplay was where it stands out as it's smooth and incredibly easy to understand and use when compared to the previous games as I have seen. The player is given many different weapons as they progress through the levels and complete them and are able to upgrade them, by using these weapons to their fullest the player can amass amazing and long combos much more easily than the previous DmC games making it easier to be more invovled and more focused, increasing the game's value. Gameplay definitely helps in the overall valueThe characters, Dante is a somewhat foul mouthed individual, young and rebellious to society and authorities from how he acts, not caring much for others except who he's invovled with.His brother and ally Vergil is calm and intelligent, different from the rash and reckless Dante, Vergil makes the plans behinds the scenes and is the leader of the terriorist organisation that are trying to awaken the world to the terror of Demons through media as well as fighting them, mainly fighting them by deploying Dante.Kat, the third character, part of Virgil's organisation and finds Dante, during the game Dante forms a bond with her, reaching the point where both share private information about each other delving into their backstory and how they came to be who they are.The problems or little quiks I have is that firstly, the devil trigger didnt' really feel anywhere near as powerful as hoped, it would launch enemies into the air, leaving them defenseless in the air and encourages you to perform air combos, but this constricts your combos as you are forced to do them in the air. For players that are used to action games they may find this easier to adapt to then newer players.My second problem with the devil trigger is the physical changes to Dante when used, all that happens is his hair changes to white, his eyes are red and his coat changes to red, I have seen the previous design of Dante and I find this to be a bit lazy.Also the devil trigger, while I may find it's physical changes lazy I've looked up the devil trigger from the previous games and when compared, it could've been much better, at the least they could have given us some type of amazing armour like the previous games. Transformations like the devil trigger are meant to make the one playing feel powerful, not invincible, but just incredibly powerful, a drastic change in appearance like armour would have helped achieved that. But with the devil trigger as it is, I completely forgot I had it for the majority of the game and barely used it, but didn't affect the game much, I just would've liked something more, would've made the Devil Trigger more memorable and something to look forward to during gameplay.Next problem is with one of the weapons, primarily Ebony and Ivory, your first pair of guns, when using them they felt extremely weak compared to all the other weapons, I know the player is encouraged to chain combos together to maximise their score, but Ebony and Ivory in general were the weapons I used the least. They don't make the enemy flinch or cause much damage, I didn't find much reason to use them, they just could've been better.Next will be the positive aspects of this game, weapons, you get a large variety and you can chain them together however you like, whether you want to use firearms and switch straight to the rebellion or the other weapons giving you a large variety of combos you can pull off as previously mentioned in the gameplay section and during gameplay you'll develop a favourite.The missions, they're well done, visually appeasing to the eyes and are a bit linear, but this is a hack and slash game, so level exploration is limited but still exists, by exploring the level you may find bonuses that add to your score such as lost souls, items to help you in battle or otherwise or keys to open the doors to secret missions. These secret missions vary some being harder than others but all the ones I have come across challenge your skills in the game by placing restrictions on how you go about killing your enemies or what you do. These missions are fun and optional for those who want to get a little bit more out of the game.Next is that levels are separated into sections or missions, for example Mission 1, Mission 2, by separating them the player may venture back into previous missions in order to find a collectible, secret mission or improve your score if you so wish.Platforming in the levels is easy enough, not too easy and not too hard as long as you're paying attentionNext on the agenda is the scoring system during combat, by amassing combos and avoiding damage a player can easily build up their score and the multiplier known as style ranks which rates how well you do during combat and how well you did during the mission.The higher your style rank the higher your score, simple, but whether or not this counts as a positive depends on the player, for players that aren't good at action and fighting games they will find this to be a positive experience as well as those who enjoy a high score based on performance, however for the more hardcore players or more expectant ones, once the style rank has reached a rank it will not go below that rank unless the player gets hit, for this the difficulty in which to receive a high score may be too easy for those hardcore players.However fear not, for those who love extremely difficult enemies there are higher difficulty levels, seven in all, the first three are available from the beginning and to unlock the harder ones you have to play on the hardest difficulty possible with the exception of Son of Sparda. So enjoy.Overral it is enjoyable, new players can get into the groove of battle quickly and easily while learning how to use the weapons while finding that the story isn't complicated and easy to follow, levels can be explored to find little collectibles and challenges. Levels can be repeated numerous times for max efficiency and the highest score as many times as you would like. Characters are likeable, you won't fall in love with them, but you do begin to like them. Devil Trigger, Ebony and Ivory and the style ranking could be changed or adjusted during gameplay based on individual preferences.But other than that the game is enjoyable, not perfect, but still a good game. However the replay value isn't high, for most people one playthrough is more than enough.This game gets an 7/10. It could use some work as I was able to finish this within a few days and I don't feel the urge to go back and complete everything and I was able to complete this within 10-12 hours, has good value and is fun to go through."
,Recommended,220440,16947624,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,j0nnnnn0,"love it... didn't play originals so brand new IP for me and I think it rocks...Not usual into slashers either but this is fun, addictive and damn funky ... recommended"
76561198117562498,Recommended,220440,16830053,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,carringtonyader,"Amazing game! Absolutely great combat system, story, characters and overall atmosphere! I love it!This is the first DMC game I've played and it is really great!You gain abilities and skills throughout the game and can choose what skills to upgrade.Also there are some platforming parts to the game and it is just overall amazing.10/10"
,Recommended,220440,7219415,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,RoboDerp,"DmC a reboot to the Orignal Devil May Cry back on the PS2, This game takes the story of Devil May Cry 3 ( Which is the beginning of Dante's Devil Hunting) and completely remakes its own story. While the story and character design can be a bit bland, but what makes this game is the Combat system which is really interesting and great when you pull off a great combo. All-in-all, i would give this game a 7/10. Though its not the white-haired Dante we all known and love its great for those who have no history or no nothing of the Devil May Cry Series."
89646354378978532,Recommended,220440,273200,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,MaximusX800,"Even with all of the hatred about the new DmC, this is by far the best Devil May Cry in the series.  They took the ""style switching"" Dante from DMC 4 and merged it all together to make the combat as seamless as possible.  The replay ability of this game is just the same as all the previous, especially since Bloody Palace Mode will be a free update soon, read it would be early February.  Yes, they did change Dante, but being someone that is open to reboots even though I’m a diehard series fan, I love what Ninja Theory did with DmC.  Capcom is famous for, since Street Fighter IV, abundant DLC, and the fact that Vergil’s Downfall achievements have been on steam since release, Jan 25th, what Ninja Theory accomplished with DMC, I would happily purchase it and all other expanding game play DLC."
76561198055469309,Recommended,220440,16888883,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Caspy403,"Although I may not have played the previous DMC's, I found this to be one of my favorite fighting games of all time. The creative level design, fighting animation, atmosphere, and badass soundtrack makes up for its shallow main characters. Just play on hard mode! Normal mode is not nearly as gratifying, which diminished my first playthrough."
,Recommended,220440,17689084,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Antiantagonize,This game has awesome graphics!! weapons and everything! hope that they update the DMC if they can. !!
76561198040529476,Recommended,220440,16586474,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Wizzard,amazinggg :Dcool game and storydemon hunters - nephilim - sexy - flashy - scythes - bad mofos
,Recommended,220440,16636105,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Late Night Ramen Destination,2 years later and DMC is still one of the best action oriented Hack and Slashers around! Awesome weapons and critical combos. The new Dante is kickass and the game is super fast-paced. I wouldn't recommend the DLC unless your dying for new gameplay or you dislike the skins. The re-play value is through the roof and This game is still holding it's value do to the amount of people still playing it. Defenitly pick it up for sale or spend a couple bucks for full price DMC!
,Recommended,220440,16731528,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Rob,"This game is a blast. Nice story, simplified but still fun combat, but what sold me on the game was the quirkiness of it all. ""Which one of you wants to be limbo's biggest loser?"" and several other lines had me grinning. The style is wonderful, it's a homage to the edginess the 90s brought us and is a great break from all of this generation's ""family friendly"" games that my friends are getting into. Definitely needed this game.9/10"
,Recommended,220440,16656406,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Animus Furandi,"Don't buy into the hate. A lot of this game's critics are still merely salty about their obnoxious partydude protagonist being reinvented as an ascerbic edgelord. DmC is still the same Devil May Cry gameplay at its core, with combat that is fast, fluid, and fun, albeit a bit watered down and less cuh-razy. The campaign is just long enough, with plenty of unlockables and modes of difficulty to extend gameplay even further for those seeking a greater challenge. Visuals are immersive, the story is entertaining, and the addition of Bloody Palace as free DLC is a nice touch. I was almost as skeptical as everyone else upon release, but once I actually gave it a chance, I found it to be well worth a playthrough or two."
76561198155265874,Recommended,220440,16700141,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,mariovaldelacasa,I have enjoyed this game. This one is a great game by herself. The story isn't too good but it works. The gameplay is very good in my opinion. It mixes platforms and combats in a way that let you enjoy without been repeated. In the bad way I don't like the combo-weapon system. I prefer a deeper system with more options.At last I need to say that when I was playing I thought the gameplay of this game is closer to Prince of Persia than to Devil May Cry. If you have open to a new way to see Dante you will enjoy this game but if you approach it thinking in Devil May Cry 5 you will be disappointed.
76561198022547392,Recommended,220440,16771607,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Nai,"Overall solid reboot, great PC port too.Pros:Solid action gameplay, combat is fast, responsive, and enjoyable. You unlock a variety of weapons which all have their own moveset.  There is a variety of enemy types, and boss battles are good.Offers replayability with  upgrade collectibles that can only be accessed until you have all the weapon types.  Comes with the typical difficulty modes that you can beat to unlock skins, and a permanant devil trigger.Vergils Downfall DLC is great if you want to play as Vergil.Great PC port in terms of performance/graphics and controls.  Has a constant 60 FPS and is the only DMC game where Keyboard and mouse is playable :)Cons:It feels a little too easy to get high style score.  Somtimes it feels good to reach at least S rank, but can also feel cheap.Some enemies are only affected by certain weapons which can be annoying.Other:Story- We've seen this story before, and has slight changes here and there.Characters- Now I know a lot of fans were upset with Dante's redesign calling him emo etc.  They've toned it down slightly.  Compared to the old dante, this one is still a bit of a smart aleck but not as playful."
,Recommended,220440,16784288,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Jude3e,"While the controls will kill your hands inthe begining, you'll get used to them. With that being said this game is ♥♥♥♥ing great in terms of story, acting and gameplay. 10/10"
,Recommended,220440,16764071,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,SPaCe^monKeY,outstanding.
,Recommended,220440,16757357,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Deuterium the Sentient Mattress,"It's an interesting position to be in to be able to judge a reboot of a much-loved game franchise with no knowledge of the games which came before. Such is the case with me and the enigma that is DmC: Devil may Cry. Strange naming aside, this game, despite being much maligned by the Devil May Cry fanbase, is, from a totally objective viewpoint such as mine, still worth a play.The game's plot reads like Conspiracy theory nine billion and seven - The world has been secretly infiltrated by demons, and a small resistance made up of anti-hero playable character Dante, talented psychic Kat and charismatic leader Vergil is fighting to try and free humanity from their iron-fisted, secret power. The corny underlying plot, however, is tempered slightly by the twists and turns that occur during the plotline, so whilst it may have a bland initial taste it's an alright plot, and definitely not the worst.The main character, as stated before, is Dante, who starts off as an unlikeable anti-hero but as ther game progresses, he begins to see the importance of his actions, to realise what is at stake if he is to fail - though his desire for justice also has a noticeable streak of revenge running through it. Overall though, he's an interesting character, and the only other gripe I have about him is that his voice acting is somewhat subpar, especially when he's shouting.What flaws there are are made up fror in the gameplay. At its core it's your typical hack n' slash fare, you have a large, bladed weapon, you can kill enemies with it, and like any good hack & slash it's very, very fun - though this game spices it up a bit by throwing in Ebony and Ivory, a pair of pistols which Dante can use to juggle enemies in the air and hit far-off foes. As you progress through the game Dante also unlocks new weapons, such as Arbiter, a massive demonic axe, Aquila, a pair of glaives, and Revenant, a powerful shotgun. These weapons allow for more interesting gameplay by allowing one to juggle multiple weapons tactically to finish off enemies effectively, making the gameplay all the more fun, and as it is with most hack and slashes, it's really fun to hack and slash the living daylights out of many enemies at a time.In summary, in spite of its shortcomings, DmC: Devil may Cry is a good game for its genre. With a slightly-cheesy, yet interesting plot, believable characters and gameplay which builds a bit on the classic hack n' slash formula, it's definitely worth a play, even if you HAVE played a DmC game before."
76561198084123478,Recommended,220440,18335828,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,afroninja323,Beat this game 7 times still enjoyed it.
,Recommended,220440,18358439,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Remos,"You thought about buying DmC: Devil May Cry, the reboot of somewhat famous Capcom game series..? Well, maybe you should.First of all, the game is dirty, gross and the amount of sexual references, and not just references mean that this is propably not the best birthdaygift for your little brother. I played it with Xbox One controller and with it, it worked well. As supposed to. PC port seems quite nice overall, it does not have any stability issues or like, at least I didn't face any such.As an invidual gameIf we forget all the other Devil May Cry games and just look at this, it is good. Not great, but good. It is easy to produce good looking combos and the game really makes you feel good, even if you are nothing like. Easy mode makes the game a bit too simple, but for people (like me) who don't play that much action games, the normal difficulty offered enough challenge.The game looks really good and the limbo, a parallel universe / some weird dream world, looks awesome with shifting tiles, moving floors and like. Though I may have wanted a bit more freedom in the limbo considering it was chaotic realm. Now it was quite linear... well, maybe we can forgive it to buttonsmasher/visualfighter game like this.Controls, story, graphics, it all works, looks and feels good and definately offers some good time with brainless demonkilling free time. If you think your library lacks a good action game, this is definately a good pick to fill the gap.As a Devil May Cry -gameStoryAs a long time fan of Devil May Cry franchise, I just have to say couple extra things. First of all, the story starts quite dark and slow. It does have some good puns and Dante-ish humor, but not as much as I would've expected. It is also strange to first see how you smash the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your controller while killing a demon who shouts ""♥♥♥♥ you"" to you and is attached from his♥♥♥♥♥to a machine which makes world's most popular soda, and few seconds later you listen how the side character tells how his father♥♥♥♥♥♥♥her while being a kid... I mean... that is not even cool. This is not that kind of game, or series whatsoever, which tries to speak about the evilness in this world to the player. It is good time, while smashing demons and listening extensively used one-liners, but seriously... isn't child abusing a bit out of the picture here? Maybe I got a bit too attached to that one occasion, but seriously... Game can't seem to be able to decide whether it is serious about its dystopian world.... or not. And that is confusing, and sort of spoils the funny parts.GameplayBut to speak of the good parts, this game has propably the best combat system of all Devil May Cry games. I really enjoyed how DMC4 felt like, but this game really makes it all a lot simpler. I even think that removing the lock-system freed the gameplay a lot and it reflects in the game how many moves have wider area of effects than moves in previous games. This one also has a lot more action, and lot less running around in an empty castle, than previous games and really focuses on the combat.DanteHe is just a character, don't get so upset about it.TL;DRThis game deserves a shot, rather than hate about how not-Dante Dante is. Just play the great-feeling game!7/10"
,Recommended,220440,18348781,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Hmmhhngggg ARRRGGGG,To be honest I enjoy this game. Almost as much as DMC3 and DMC4.
,Recommended,220440,18421896,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Travis,this game is gread i recommend i really hope they make a 2nd reboot.
,Recommended,220440,18458809,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Blake,10/10
76561197976727102,Recommended,220440,18298377,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,theFrick,What a fantastic game! Just beat it and it was such a treat. I thought the frist 2 or 3 in the series were amazing and somehow this game topped even those. Very impressive visuals and SOLID SOLID gameplay. It is a little short but they made the game well enough to make me want one last playthrough. I hope we can get a 2nd game that carries off right after this one. I WANT MORE!
76561198059070449,Recommended,220440,18287930,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Markoth,Good game very good.
76561198136455551,Recommended,220440,17992654,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Totus,"Just beat it for the first time. I was shocked. The ads made it look like some focus grouped to death vanilla hack n slash that'd be painful to sit through. It was not. It was fun, it was enjoyable, it made my grin numerous times. The new revised Dante is almost as cool as the original and just as fun.  There was even an improvement over the original, I actually gave a crap about Virgil. Actually had some mild feels going even. Strongly recomend playing."
76561197968580401,Recommended,220440,18004475,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Casual-T,Enjoyable hack and slash. Nice graphics but sound seems to interupt alot. Recomended play.
76561198116337543,Recommended,220440,18015736,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,LQuiroz,honestly get this game dont listen to fan boys this game is amazing funny story great gameplay short runthrough though
,Recommended,220440,18039896,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Forghetti,Long-lost brother told me his pen*s was bigger than mine.I stabbed him in the heart.And then I play DmC: Devil May Cry. It was okay.
,Recommended,220440,18039083,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Cyka,this game is packed with lots of action. there are many combos you can do and story wise it's really interesting compare to the other DmC's. 8/10
76561198233034080,Recommended,220440,18102271,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Fritzsche,Great game.
76561198202164607,Recommended,220440,17964146,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Hypernormal,This game never gets old! I love it!
76561198001880613,Recommended,220440,17964828,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,nimbostratus,"This was my surprise GOTY of 2013.  Fun combat, interesting and awesome environments, a decent story filled with some really cool moments.  Huge thumbs up."
,Recommended,220440,17966157,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Nightbreed,"I'm of the opinion that this is worthy addition to the franchise. Some hardcore fans may hate the reboot, but I think it's best to go into it with an open mind. I purchased this because it was on sale and I can say that I would have gladly paid full price had I known some of my preconceptions were wrong.I intentionally avoided DmC for a while because I was under the impression it would have an overly emo, whiney vibe. I probably got that idea from the Angry Joe video review (if you've seen it then you know what I'm talking about). Thankfully, it's not at all as bad as Joe's video indicates in that regard and that terrible music video from his review is nowhere to be found (yet lol).The main gripe people seem to have is the ""new"" Dante, both his look and his attitude. While he doesn't sport the classic Dante look, with the blonde hair and red jacket, his look is perfectly acceptable IMO. I don't really see the emo connection, except that I personally will never opt for that hairstyle. His attitude is that of a young man that can pull hot chicks. He goes to clubs and gets laid so his somewhat cocky attitude should be of no surprise. Take it or leave it...I myself don't care one way or the other.The strong point of any Devil May Cry game has always been the combat and DmC definately delivers in that department. It's similar to previous games in the franchise but perhaps a bit more accessable. I like the camera a lot better here, more in line with your typical 3rd person perspective. The camera doesn't rotate all over, zooming in and out dynamically, which always bugged me about the previous games.While it doesn't have a soundtrack with classic thrash metal ala the Big 4, it has a relatively exciting soundtrack with some nice chugging heavy metal riffage going on.TBH I haven't played this very much yet, just thought I'd drop a quick note giving my initial impressions. Like me, if you were avoiding it thinking it'd be overly emo, give it a shot, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised."
76561198043268130,Recommended,220440,17978690,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Moosey Mayhem,It really is a fantastic reboot! It just needs longer hair :P
,Recommended,220440,17978932,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,CmPrinny,"Good news everyone!In this very special Rick & Morty/Futurama cross over episode, you play as alternate universe Phillip J Fry as he and his sociopathic brother go all out to take down the evil Slurm factory as well as alternate reality Morbo and his news station.Combat is tight & responsive with a nice mix of moves,weapons,combos and evasive abilities. The scoring system (stylish rank) is a bit more leniant than previous DMC games (they fixed this in the PS4/XB1 ""Definitive Edition"") but still satisfying to pull off combos in higher difficulties.Platforming plays a larger portion in this game than usual for the series, with your trusty whip(s) you will pull yourself to platforms or pull platforms out mostly in mid air. Nice visual flair to the happenings.The world they've built is also very enjoyable to look at with a stylish blend of colors and real world/limbo world environments.There are a substantial number of collectibles/upgrades that can be found within the world or farmed via enemies to keep you playing through at least twice as well as a sense of ""metroidvania"" as you will unlock skills that open up new pathways in previous missions.Much like DMC3&4 (can't recall if 2 had it) you can replay any mission at any time via a mission select menu.I've played through this on 360 as well as the DE version on XB1 and while enjoyable sadly this version is the vanilla version. Changes to the DE include a harder ranking system, keys are universal for secret doors (this version has copper,silver,gold to open respective secret mission doors), turbo mode & locked 60 fps and a touched up difficulty all around. If you have a PS4/XB1 I'd highly reccomend paying the higher tag and getting the DE for a more traditional DMC experience.As a person who decided to buy a PS2 upon seeing the E3 reveal trailer for Devil May Cry and has logged hundreds of hours into the series, owning them all physical and digital across various platforms I still find this alternate version enjoyable and remaining true to the series. Definitely play it if you enjoy the genre, it goes on sale frequently on Steam as well! I snagged it for $10 with no regrets on my triple dip.I currently only have an All-In-One Asus desktop that is 2.8 ghz process, integrated graphics (Will update w exact type) and 4 gb of ram. The game runs smoothly in windowed mode which is integral to this genre.8.5/10, will be stopping Morbo and the Slurm factory again on higher difficulties."
76561198040119240,Recommended,220440,17974982,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Epicenter,"Despite redesigning main character the stylish, kickass combo slasher has the same spirit. If you like the series, don't drop this one out."
76561198035653785,Recommended,220440,17975434,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,StudMuffin,"In the wise words of deadpool:""Daddy needs to express some rage"""
,Recommended,220440,17955084,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,uvengai,What a GREAT GAME so far i have been playing this since it was DMC 1 it been a long year i love it i grow up with it
,Recommended,220440,17958963,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Ithaniel,"Dante:- kills a monster by attacking the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ on its face.- kills Bill O'Reilly.- discovers that the secret ingredient is succubus vomit.Oh, and Vergil kills a demon foetus.If these aren't enuogh reasons to buy the game, you are simply unpleaseable."
,Recommended,220440,17957947,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,olawwd,It's definitely refreshing from the previous series!
76561198057377022,Recommended,220440,18105902,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,heinrich.k.1985,"This game is a masterpiece.I really love that game and I played it on both PS3 and PC. The PC version is a bit better in my opinion.The downside is that the PC version does not have turbo mode, unlike the HD version of PS4, which I did not play since I don't have PS4.Anyone who loves hack n' slash, must play this game and whatever platform..."
,Recommended,220440,645455,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,i.am.vj,This game is tight!
,Recommended,220440,18005667,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Mr. Matt,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game. While I did get some joy from the original Devil May Cry, I've since had less interest in Japanese games. Apparently, however, this wasn't made in Japan. It's a reboot which appears to be largely created in the UK with Capcom's money behind it, as best I can tell. I actually found this game to be far better than the original, both from a gameplay standpoint and a story standpoint. Goodness, the story...it's nothing great, but it runs circles around that of the original game. Granted, the Mountain Dew/Bank of America/Fox News reviews are true, but after hearing Dante scream some garbage about filling someone's heart with light in the original game, you just can't sink lower on the story front.There aren't a terribly large number of enemy types, but each tends to have certain attacks which work well on it, and attacks to look out for. There's -some- platforming in this third person action title, but if you fall, the worst that happens is you lose about 10-12% of your starting health, which is manageable. There are checkpoints aplenty, and if you do die, you can simply respawn at one. If you don't die, however, you'll net more points for the ranking system, which appears to go from D to SSS. The combat is quite satisfying, and the platforming aspects work surprisingly well.I completed the game in one extended sitting, only taking a brief break to eat. The length of the game is enjoyable as it goes on for quite a while without overstaying its welcome. I enjoyed the game's characters and it actually made me give a damn about what happened to one of them in particular. If they ever make a sequel to this reboot, I'm grabbing it, because this was a solid game. I won't say I love it, but I did like it quite a bit, and would recommend it certainly for ~$10 or so."
,Recommended,220440,18524869,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,GhostGloz,Destory in STYLE
,Recommended,220440,13739870,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,idea,"This game is perfect. I have absolutely no complaints about it and I do suggest buying it. A lot of hard work from many talented people has been put into this, 10/10"
76561197961703695,Recommended,220440,13316610,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Jahpocalypse,"This game was really fun, and I don't know why people hated on it.  Solid controls, good bosses, good story."
76561198019109823,Recommended,220440,13332702,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Heil Hank,"I hated this game BEFORE I got it, I hated the new dante and thought it would be trash.So knowing that let me be the first to say this game kicks♥♥♥♥♥the combat is probably the best I've ever played.The story is okay.There's some funny stuff.EPIC boss fight.and a ♥♥♥♥ing decade of replayability.Get it now!!! :D"
76561198008791320,Recommended,220440,13201977,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,TheFallenOne,"Awesome. Jumping, big♥♥♥♥♥sword and more weapons, great story. get it!"
,Recommended,220440,13207811,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dante,"Its cool too see a young and still kindof green behind the ears Dante. He dosent lack on the skills, strenght or weapons that the older Dante has. And in this game they gave Dantes kindof sarcastick and black humor a whole new level.This game is totaly a must have for all Devil may cry fans, and even if not a fan, if you need a game where you can just let some steam off and kill stuf, this is the game for you :)"
76561198047202299,Recommended,220440,13239840,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Shiratake,"First of all, despite I being a fan of the old games. I still can say that this is a very good Spectacle Fighter.The game has a lot of the old vibe, but just DO NOT expect it to play exactly like the old ones.Fighting system is a little simpler and combos are easier to pull, but fighting is no less fun.For those that hate *new Dante* all I can say is if you can endure the first couple hours he get a little less annoying.I'll still miss old Dante..."
,Recommended,220440,13246287,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,brunobrcard,"Great action game. Good looking and easy to master controls. 9/10.This reboot of the Devil May Cry saga is gold. It has very good looking graphics (not the greatest, but good looking), easy to master controls, plenty of weapons and combos to choose from and an interesting though fast story. And Style, plenty of style.As any action game nowadays, you are going to have a great time playing with an x360 controller on PC.If you like action games, you cannot go wrong. It will probably take you around 8 - 12 hours to complete the game for the first time."
,Recommended,220440,13474482,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Shinigami_Sama,"Its an awesome fighting game with a really cool story that kept me at bay from start to the end :DFun bos battles and the epic dialogue. The enemies are over all great, would like a few more thou.8/10"
,Recommended,220440,13475740,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The Alien Elite,"This game is *amazing*, don't let anyone tell you otherwise.Sure, people complain and talk smack about it because of redesigned characters, but that's really nitpicking, considering how the other DMCs have almost zero story or character development in the first place.So we'll start there. The story of DMC is great. Very interesting how instead of half-human, Dante and Vergil are ""Nephilim"", which is an angel/demon hybrid. Don't wanna say much more about the story, except that I feel they drew heavily upon the reality of our existence on this planet (Media, banking etc. controlled by sinister forces).The story affects the combat in that Dante has Angel weapons (Left trigger) and Demon weapons (Right trigger). They're all very stylish, although most will probably stick to the demon weapons since the angelic ones are very weak (although they look awesome -- a scythe and a giant shuriken).The game consists of ~20 missions, and within those missions are hidden items and secret missions with specific combat or platforming goals. I'd wager it's about a 15 hour adventure, although between this version and the 360 version, I've got about 50 hours into it. This is made possible due to the many difficulty levels. About seven, I believe. I recommend starting on Nephilim, unless you're entirely new to this franchise or action games in general.This game looks amazing, especially in Limbo. Limbo (purgatory) is where you'll spend the vast majority of the game. It's always twisting and turning to some effect, whether it be to block your progress, trying to trap you, or throwing enemies at you. You can move the camera as you wish, although you probably won't have to often, as the auto focus is very well done.Honestly, there's not much to complain about in DMC. Devil Trigger is almost useless and nowhere near as cool as it could be, which was a disappointment. As mentioned before, the Angel weapons are overshadowed by the Demon weapons due to weak power. This ties into my biggest issue with the game, which is the enemies. There's not a whole lot of enemy variety, and the color-coded ones force you to use either all-angel or all-demon weapons.The Style ranking system is perhaps a little too easy, whereas previous games required a LOT of practice to achieve S rank or higher. I think this was a design choice to enable more casual play (you feel like a total badass without having to dedicate many hours to the game), but this could easily be fixed by having the Style system fluctuate with the difficulty level. Other complaints are the way Vergil is handled (can't spoil it), and the lack of a lock-on...both of which I actually enjoy. Yes, sometimes you'll attack a different enemy than you wanted, but it's kind of rare, and I personally only encountered it when dealing with the flying enemies, and even then it was easily remedied by closing some distance.Ultimately, DMC is my favorite Devil May Cry game. I loved the others (minus 2), but this reboot, DMC, is by far the edgiest, most stylish game I've ever played. The way Dante's coat flows through combat, the way his sword sheans with each slice, enemies gibbing and shredding when killed...the list goes on with ways of making each battle make you're killing these demons with extreme prejudice. And although the boss battles are certainly too easy, their presentation, along with the rest of the game, is phenomenal.9/10."
76561198027718093,Recommended,220440,13480073,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CastleBannisher,"I'm not a huge fan of hack and slash games, i mean games that are in the God of War style (just an example) that use combos, but there was something special about this game. Maybe it was the crude humor,cheasy action sequences (the opening one is kicka**), or the story that i was actually interested by. I usually have trouble completing games, because i lose interest, take a brake for an evening and then never really feel in the mood to play a game for awhile, or a multitude of other reasons. However, I had no trouble spending a good chunk of my Saturday marathoning this game.Positive:- Gameplay. As i said above I am not a huge fan of combo based H&S games, but the fluidness of this game made it very enjoyable.- Story. I came into this game with little more info than I was playing as a guy named Dante, despite owning a ps2 i never played the originals, so I was very pleased to be drawn into a great story.- Characters. It is possible to make a good story with no characters (except usually your own) being a bunch of bland morons. The characters in DmC are colorful, and full of life.- Map. The areas in which you fight in are incredibly detailed, and provide a great amount of variety and fun.- Music. Personally I loved the heavy metal that plays during all the fights. Makes me feel like a bada**Negative:- Kinda ruins the others. This is just me personally, but after completing this game (having never played any othe titles) I went and bought the third as well. Graphics are no big deal to me as long as i can tell what is happening I'm fine (just gettimg this out of the way incase somebody claims this is why). My problem was 1. difficulty (I love hard games but the sudden ramp up caught me off guard), and 2. The conrols ( it's wasnt that fun going from free to fixed camera angles which i know is because it is an older game).I highly recommend this game."
76561197973522362,Recommended,220440,13502611,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,junker,rg
76561198024633017,Recommended,220440,13489395,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The Anathema,"Combischrist made the soundtrack and the opening scene plays ""Throat Full of Glass"" thats all you need to know. 9.5/10It's a great game if you have a sense of humor"
,Recommended,220440,13832214,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Scotsman,"An interesting game from a CAPCOM, I had the opportunity to play but missed part of the story I like, good graphics, the story is not long but please spare amount of difficulty.8/10"
76561198060454951,Recommended,220440,6168192,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Polskibroski,wicked game
76561198075623529,Recommended,220440,15150344,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Rusty.,Play this w/ Tridef 3d.  Wow it looks good.
76561198036681111,Recommended,220440,15150784,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Coolin_13,Gr8 short game
,Recommended,220440,15327623,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,The Dude,"Going through Son of Sparda at the moment after beating the game for the first time on Nephilim and I have to say this is the easiest DMC (Notwistanding 2 because I never tortured myself just to play 2). Having said that, and I miss the challenge, SoS mode is better. People hate this game because it changed who Dante was. I personally give no♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ninja Theory recreated him to appeal to a new generation. DMC 1 was over a decade ago and was awesome to all us teenagers then and we all love it still to this day. Now we are old farts and a new generation needs a new Dante to love like we loved the old one. Rest assured that there will be a convergence like there was in DMC 4 IF Ninja Theory makes another. Don't be an old guy (or old lady) about this game and ♥♥♥♥♥ because it doesn't adhere to your desire of the Dante of your day. Even DMC 4 in 2009 had a new main character and it was still a good game. Now there is another release of 4 coming. So cling to that instead of clinging to hating an otherwise good title.If there was no DMC before this one then this would be even more popular. The fighting is good, though not brutally difficult like it was in days of yonder.... LOL. It's still fun but doesn't give you the ability to dodge and parry everything like DMC 3 and DMC 4 so in that regard it isn't the best. Dodging in particular can be klunky and rude if you don't switch to Angel mode for every dodge. Staying in Demon or Human will surely get your♥♥♥♥♥knocked down sooner or later. But isn't it the point to always switch your weapon and stance? Devil Trigger is a pain for me because I don't dig floating around too much. Leaves the Chainsaw mobs too ready to impale your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ while your hammering away after Devil Trigger is gone and the camera isn't always agreable in watching all angles around you.Bosses here are too easy, period. On Nephilim, I didn't get hit by any boss until Mundus and that was because I didn't see the platform to move to when he drops fire on the one you fight him on for 80% of the fight. SPOILER COMING: Virgil absolutely hit me multiple times. He was the best boss of this game and it worked great for him to be the final one because of that. Son of Sparda: bosses in the early game are even easier because of how your abilities are already boss from previous completion. Still haven't been hit yet, however.Story: It's good enough to warrant a hack and slash worth playing a few times through. It's a new take on an origin story and I'm okay with this new one. The door is open for the ""Virgil of our days of yore"" LOL to come in the next NT DMC game. Oh yeah, SPOILER. It's not as cool but maybe I'm just old and missing my heyday of gaming. All of us pushing 30 and ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how uncool this new Dante is seem to be unable to put ourselves back 10 years and look through our younger eyes to judge whether we would dig him if our age actually resided in the game's target demographic instead of a decade or more older lmfao.Edit: Need to get this in here. The environments in this game are very very cool. Super interesting the first 10 levels but they get old after that. Major props to Ninja Theory here as this is the best looking DMC detail wise period. The others were good when they came out and relative to the console/PC capability at the time, they were very good, but this game's environment is on some next level♥♥♥♥♥♥If not for the guys and g.i.r.l.s around my age bracket, this would have been a well recieved game. Despite us and our younger counterparts, hating to be cool, it STILL was well recieved. Don't let the hate dissuade you from what is a solid 7/10 game. If there was no other DMC before this one it would be an 8.5/10. Fortunately, there have been many, and they are still good enough to go back and sink days of SSSick combos in to the flesh of the maniacal Virgil and his horde of Demon Spawn mush.6"
,Recommended,220440,14957415,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Aldo.Calrissian,"I've played every DMC game and was kind of skeptical playing this one, especially considering the level or rebootification the series has gone through. The plot is not any less cheesy than the previous games, but it is as dense as 3, and exactly how I would expect Americans to interpret the series. Ninja Theory makes some great games, and this is no exception.The combat is fun, though simpler than some of the previous entries. The level design is colorful, loud and enjoyable to explore. There is a lot of replay value, especially in trying to find all the secret keys/missions. The music is perfect for the aesthetic, and the world is about as believable and consistent as a DMC game can be.Some people will criticize this game for the new Dante, the ""mature teen"" storyline and sometimes childish dialogue, but given that DMC has never been a truly serious game, I can't fault it at all. I hope there's a sequel in this style, bridging the stylistic differences between the last two games."
76561198109698833,Recommended,220440,7395688,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Soylent Green,Just pure non-stop demon killing with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of combos... Awesome game...
76561198065224703,Recommended,220440,14938981,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Dante™,Best game ever in style!I w8ing the Definitive Edition.
76561198000023213,Recommended,220440,15418916,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Longevity,"I've finished all the devil may cry's and this was the best one by fargraphics and story on a whole nother levelthe combat mechanics were nice and varied, gives you a nice feel of ""I'm awesome!"" as you playGIGANTIC amount of replayability"
,Recommended,220440,15109493,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Masters,Good hack and slash game
,Recommended,220440,15302151,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Moves like Jager,เดินหน้าฟันอย่างเดียวแต่สนุกเลยทีเดียว แม้ว่าจะหลุดจากกรอบ DMC ไปเล็กน้อยก็ตาม แต่ความมันก็ไม่ได้ลดลง Combo ต่างๆถูกเปลี่ยนให้ใช้ง่ายและคล่องตัวกว่าเดิม.....มีข้อเสียคือด่านมันสีแดงเกินไปนะ....
,Recommended,220440,15164905,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,TwistedDruid,"I don't know what people's problem with this game is. So what if they made Dante younger, the controls are very well timed. (I'm playing with a wired Xbox One Controller) The Graphics look amazing on this, my favorite level takes place in a club. The Music hits the right notes on every fight.The story is inventful and basic but it had more emotion in it then the last games. I throughly enjoyed it and will recommend it to anyone. The Achievement list is a little on the difficult side to finish but it is worth it."
,Recommended,220440,15246854,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,DoctoR Mo|st,One hell of a game ;)
,Recommended,220440,15230538,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Dan,"I recommend that you buy and play this game if and only if you play it (beat the game) no more than twice. Do not go for the 7 or so other difficulty levels. Definitely a Triple A game, but way too short and I regret paying full price for it when it first came out. I preordered it but because the game backlog/queue is real, I didn't get to play it until now (April 2015).Beating the game once or twice:Pros:Awesome visuals and level designBelievable story, albeit kind of weakI liked the new Dante, although I've only played DMC4 previously so I didn't really know the old Dante. Some fans don't like the new Dante. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Combat can be pretty chaotic with lots of carnageNot very demanding system-wise/good performanceCons:(As of April 2015) There are a few cutscenes in the game that will hard lockup my computer. They'll be playing fine and then suddenly in the same spot in each one the screen will go black. Sound will still play for a short bit, then stop. Just nothing. Monitor starts reporting that it lost video signal. CTRL-ALT-DEL does nothing. Can't Alt-Tab. Can't Alt-F4. Have to manually push the power button on the desktop to reboot it. The solution is to turn V-Sync off. I don't know why V-Sync breaks cutscenes so badly, but it does. Most of the cutscenes you can skip, but not the one in ""The Order"". So V-Sync has to be off. Rendering the game at 100-200 fps just makes my GPU do extra work though.Kind of easy. Bosses aren't hard at all and the ninjas are actually harder than them.Relatively short game. Although beating it on the 7 or so other difficulty levels certainly increases the play time.Secret Missions aren't that great or rewarding.Not all the weapons are actually useful.UI doesn't scale well to 1280x1024 (5:4) resolution.If you are an achievement hunter like myself, you will be forced to beat the game 6 or 7 times on varying levels of difficulty. It is absolutely a tedious pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The bugs and other problems become more apparent the more times you play through it. You will grow to loathe and hate the game. In this case, I do NOT recommend the game.Pros:MEHCons:The controls are super sensitive to moves that require you to press two buttons at the exact same time on the controller. I used an xbox360 controller for Windows and struggled often pressing A and B button at the ""same time"" as far as the game is concerned. Same with pressing both analog sticks in at the same time to activate Devil Trigger. I'm not sure if there's a tolerance setting for that or not but I struggled getting the game to register that both buttons were pressed at the exact same time.Not all cutscene or animation sequences are skippable. I JUST WANT TO GET THROUGH THIS AS QUICK AS POSSIBLE FOR THE DAMN ACHIEVEMENTS. DAMN IT.I've memorized all the dialog in the game -_-Stop calling Cat a ♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥!Constantly fighting the camera. It'll be as simple as trying to turn a corner and pushing the camera stick does nothing or as complex as the camera locks onto an enemy and if you bypass him (and he just happens to be the last enemy in that section of the level), the camera will still be locked onto that enemy and be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥navigating to the next section of the level. I'm referring to the level ""The Plan"" with the last ninja in the laser hallway. There will be cases where you are fighting a bunch of enemies and finally separate one from the pack on the edge of the area but the camera will decide that you really want to fight the ones in the pack and turn back to face them as you run to the edge of the area to fight that lone demon.Felt like I got stuck in animations or the animations lingered much longer than they should have. Damn it Dante you don't need to hold the pose for an extra second at the end of a combo. I need you to dodge the incoming attack.Can't manually target enemies. WTF? The new re-released version for the consoles adds this apparently but that doesn't help THIS game.The visuals rely too much on bright lights. STOP THE BLOOM. Certain enemies blend in with the background ""lights"" on some levels and it's annoying as hell. I've gotten hit way too many times because the bright red or bright blue enemies blended in perfectly with the annoying lights in the background and I couldn't see their attacks. This is especially annoying on the very last level against the final boss. It has a projectile attack that has solid bright white projectiles. Guess what, the ground is almost solid white too. The entire background gets more white as the fight progresses. Using Devil Trigger makes everything white still making it extra extra worse. Really hard to dodge projectiles that you can't see.After being forced (to get all the achievements) to beat the game over and over on every difficulty but the easiest, I honestly hate the game right now."
,Recommended,220440,15221196,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Neo,The best Devil May Cry game on Steam and one of the best action games that you can find here.Story and gameplay wise I think it is better than DMC4 (but of course not better than DMC3).Strongly recommended for those seeking a frenetic action game.It is also very advisable to play this game with a controller.
76561198137715542,Recommended,220440,15239388,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,The Blind Bandit,It's good.
,Recommended,220440,15241987,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Thunder Emperor,Have always been a fan of the DMC series. This one is easier than DMC3 for sure. Nice work on the new Dante by Ninja Theory. A good weekend of fun!
,Recommended,220440,16367734,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,☰ ☱ ☲ ☳ ☴ ☵ ☶ ☷,Alright i play it arround 2 hours for now and my review about this game is 95/100(+)Epic FightsBloddy stuff x3Nice Graphic ! same if we are in 2015you have more than 5 weapons and you can use them in combat ! combos with pistols scythe axe sword you can grab enemys with chain or you can throw you with chain to them ! ( and still in combo ! )Nice sounds from devil when you do nice combos D C B A S  SS SSS thats amazing !the character is a badass xD ..nice cinematic momentsalot of different evil monsters to fight !  fire / ice / chainsaw / flying things  well ... alot more !combat with bosses are fantastic its rly cool i like thathmm what else i can say ?the story is cool and interestingim anime fan and i watched  Ao No Exorcist  ( that guy is a son of satana and he wants do kill him   fights devils and so onand when i play this game that reminds me that anime x3i HIGHLY reccoment this GAME !dont listen other negative comments cause trust me if you like fight   action and so on  you WILL LIKE IT !about (-)  uhh i dont even know still didnt find anyJust  Buy it :)   ohh right .. there is his brother and hmm that would be epic if this game was co-op  but hey ! its still worth buy !
,Recommended,220440,16369533,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,[D|3]EvilLOON,"DmC: Devilmay cry is an interesting port.The game itself has a unique feel and wonderful acting. From start to finish the storyline feels pretty complete.  There seems to be enough story over all to decently build the characters, Fights in this game are challenging, and there will be plenty of replayability.DmC has a large weapon selection by end game and huge talent tree to go along with those weapons. I must admit, big variety of weapons, but often found myself relying on a small set of them.At times the camera can gert a little fidgety.  I found myself once our twice not happy with a forced camera perspective.  In some rare situations, the forced camera can lend to the overall feel of the scene.The controls, oh the controls.  With keyboard and mouse, the controls can feel very  clunky at times.  Rebinding certain is a must if you play with keyboard and mouse.  I would imagine, bound properly, a xbox style controller would be best to play this with.Graphically even though the game is 2 years old, it still holds up will. I did notice some wierd issues with shadows on models, but beyond that it looks good.The background music seems to fit the game well. The designers did an excellent job about song placement.  There might be 1 fight where the music doesn't quite mesh.Good solid game, give it a try."
,Recommended,220440,16362181,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Kurtis_Psi,Who gives a crap about white hair when you can decapitate an enemy in 3 seconds?11/10 would steam summer sale again.
,Recommended,220440,6859242,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Rügen Walter,Awesome Game :D
76561198134119533,Recommended,220440,16392115,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Artorias,"I am a hardcore fan of DMC, so my review might be biased.what review do you f word need? its Dante, alright? Son of Sparda."
76561198157833853,Recommended,220440,16403710,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ezkrima,Devil May Die
76561198100929464,Recommended,220440,16434604,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Stantheman,♥♥♥♥ING SICKTONS OF MOVESand just when u think u had enough moves and weaponsLOLNOPE IT GIVES U MOAR AND MOAR. Its like GOD OF WAR ON CRACK. ANGELS AND DEMONS11/10 WOULD BAN-...ERGH....RECOMMEND BANGING!
,Recommended,220440,16424411,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Bitchcakes,*swoon*
,Recommended,220440,16406102,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Dehumanizer,"If you can set aside you're ignorance of the fact that its called DMC then youll be playing a truely fantastic hack and slash game. Alot of weapon and attack variety, great graphics, kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack and awesome enemies"
,Recommended,220440,16344282,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Colorless,10/10 would bang again just for the demons in this amazing game.
76561198083394376,Recommended,220440,16345064,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,lirenxn,Did not realize action game could be so attractive.
76561197995300339,Recommended,220440,11759099,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,PaltAndSepper™,"This game right here. Amazing. Challenging if you want it to be. Non-stop action, hack and slash, monsters, battles and a bunch of combos and weapons. Reckless demons in masses that you have to deal with, with your amazing line-up of weapons. Awesome boss fights, but not necessarily all of them are hard. If it's too easy you can always crank up the difficulty.As someone who hadn't played any DMC before this I had to try this game and I was not dissapointed. Beat the game, but it's one of the few games I feel like going back to sometime ""soon"" to 100% it.This game is a 9.5/10 for me. The last 0.5 is missing because of some very minor issues I had with things in the game, but it is by far one of the best games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,220440,11675017,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Noobzor,"Before I tried this game out I had seen a gameplay video where the new Dante wears a whit wig and says ""not in a thousand years"" or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that. I was infuriated, how could they mock they most bad♥♥♥♥♥demon like that. So I picked it up in a steam sale out of spite. But when I started playing BOY-oh-BOY was i blown away. The music by combichrist fits perfect, the new Danteis equally as bad♥♥♥♥♥as his predecessor and Virgil is the same almost likeable scumbag. A new refreshing story with some epic below the belt hits to our every day culture and lifestyle. Would recommend to fans of the older series and to new gamers. DANTE/10PS: Virgils Downfall DLC seems kinda forced and repetative though, almost meaningless. Still a nice addition if you can't get enough of this game."
,Recommended,220440,7369576,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,J.Bruno 182,"Reboot da franquia, muito bom! Recomendadissimo!!"
,Recommended,220440,6542774,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,5k1nFl1nt,10/10 A blistering experience.
,Recommended,220440,6179473,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Emmerich,Never Cry.
,Recommended,220440,11528647,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,[APT] Versace,"DmC (Devil May Cry) 5 is the best game combo game i've played so far. It has great graphics and Dante's Devil Trigger is flat out AWESOME! To be honest some missions are a little hard but if you want to run around killing demons with the Arbiter (a huge demon axe) and Osiris (a angel sythe),then this is the game for you.But don't think those are the only weapons in the game because they aren't.So I think you guys should get the game soon."
,Recommended,220440,11530331,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,.gem,"Best Game Ever....Get Costume Set And There You Go!Srry Not Informive,But You Should Buy It![NOTE I DO NOT WANT TO WASTE TIME MAKING A REVIEW I GAVE YOU THE STUFF TO GET YOU SET]"
76561198021213076,Recommended,220440,11648637,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Sanrel,EPIC
,Recommended,220440,1432662,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Fenixius,"Slick-moving and good-looking action brawler with some overt social commentary built in. Plays awesomely with a 360 pad - it's my go-to for a little stress relief.The Vergil's Downfall DLC is great, too, because Vergil is so much fun to play Totally badass.."
,Recommended,220440,11497757,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,hexapuss,I didn't cry in my playthrough. Still good 9/11
,Recommended,220440,2813412,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Fecky,Best DMC game to date.
,Recommended,220440,11620628,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Volker,"This is a reboot to the Devil May Cry series, but I haven't played any of the others, so I don't know whether anything has changed for better or worse.It took me about 10 hours to beat the game on difficulty 3/7. You have to beat the game on 3 to unlock difficulty 4, beat on 4 to unlock 5 etc. 4 and 5 include harder enemies and remixed enemy waves. You're still fighing in the same environments, but all the battles are different. Difficulties 6 and 7 are more gimmicky: on 6 both Dante and his enemies die in one hit, on 7 enemies have standard health and Dante dies in one hit. I really can't say how much time it would take to complete and find everything the game has to offer but it is no small number. It will vary greatly, however, with your skill with these sorts of games.DmC is a spectacle fighter/3rd person brawler. That means the game is centered on putting together chains of combos and multiple weapons to beat up lots of enemies. The levels are episodic and you are free to return to earlier levels to get better scores (you're graded on your performance) or do some more exploring and find all the colletibles.The scoring mechanism (called style) givs you more points for varying your attacks, which gives you an incentive to use everything at your disposal instead of just focusing on a few attacks which chain well. Oddly enough, there are acheivements for dispatching enemies solely using one set of weapons as well, so there's a bit of cross-purpose here.The story's good enough; it's memorable. The world is done rather well. I really liked the characters, though, again, there's nothing particularly special going on here. Dante is a wise-cracking cheeky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, Virgil his brother cool and level-headed. The characters can be a little flat, but they've done a good job giving each their own little role and personality. I can't say there's any overlap at all between any of the characters in the game.  But these things are definitely not why you play a spectacle fighter anyway. So, onward.The combat is real fun, you've got up to 4 weapons at your disposal at any given time, 3 more weapons just a button away, and another weapon 2 presses away. Each weapon has its own set of attacks, some melee some range, the melee weapons have gap closers and some ranged options, and the weapons all have arial attacks as well, and attacks for transitioning from the gound to the air or vice versa. Needless to say, your options are endless (and distinctly different) and this makes this makes DmC a fantastic spectacle fighter. The only thing I have to complain about in this regard is that the gun options seem a little under-par. In a few places they are clearly your best option, but they were pretty forgettable during combat.To flesh out the movesets of your weapons you have to spend exp to upgrade them, either with new abilities or to upgrade old ones. You are free to upgrade them how you please, there are no trees and you can upgrade the ones you use the most and completely ignore ones you don't like - if you like.I mentioned earlier there are collectibles. Some are difficult to find, some really easy to miss despite being right out in the open, and others you'll find without any problem because there's an extra ledge in an otherwise linear level. The levels are linear - I can't complain though, it never bothered me in this game, and shouldn't I think in this genre. Every now and then you get a left-or-right choice but both options lead to the same place. One might have an extra goody. There are also arena challenges in each level which you need to find keys and doors for with challenges like kill enough enemies in x amount of time, only aerial attacks do damage, or kill x amount of enemies without taking damage.You have some grappling moves which interact with the environment which helps fill out the platforming elements. It's done well, though sometimes it'll only let you do these moves when you come from a particularly direction (read: platform) despite the fact you're definitely in range.For completionists, there's a lot to do in improving your score and finding all the collectibles. Buying all the upgrades from the shop definitely takes a second and maybe a third playthrough depending on how that scales. You will have to return to earlier levels with your later weapons to find everything. As far as I can tell a SSS rating is pretty difficult to do from combat alone. You're also graded on time and exploration. So the replayability is pretty good and the wave remixing definitely helps.The game looks really good and the environment design is absolutely fantastic. There are some really innovative things going on in this department. They do a really good job making the environmentaliveand out to kill Dante.The controls work great but it really requires a controller. If you don't have one I wouldn't recommend this game. I would, however recommend getting a controller.It may be a little pricy at $50 for what's essentially a ten hour game for those who aren't really big into the genre, or aren't going to do any extra playthroughs, but it goes on sale every couple of months, as low as $13. I'd definitely recommend picking it up if you can find it cheap."
,Recommended,220440,2016681,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,DrunkenShooter,SMASH BUTTONS! MAKE COMBOS! HAVE AN EPILEPSY! AND COMBICHRIST IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME! 10/10
,Recommended,220440,11609565,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,PieOtter,"One of the first games I bought on Steam, that made me want to play the rest of the series. The gameplay, story, skills, enemies, characters and even beautiful graphics pull you in. What originally caught my attention was Dante's good looks, like, damn...It really is an amazing game, and it has nice replay value as you restart the game with all the skills you've obtained during the campaign, trying to obtain more and challenge yourself with harder difficulties that even switch out monster waves for harder enemies. This game really challenges you at higher difficulties, but doesn't limit your power-- It will take a lot of practice but you'll learn a lot of combos-- some working better on some enemies and enemy waves, but you'll learn and have fun doing so.The only negative thing about DMC on steam is the high price. You can get it fairly cheap as a used game on amazon-- But this should be a DEFINITE buy when it's on sale! Enjoy =P"
,Recommended,220440,11612452,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Frampis,This is my first Devil May Cry game. I love it!
,Recommended,220440,6814644,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,AcidJenKinS,"DmC 5 est graphiquement beau, coté gameplay agréable et  fluide. Les déplacements et combots de Dante et Vergil une pure merveille. Recommandé pour les Puristes de la série DmC."
,Recommended,220440,11522502,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen,"x-x-X me y-Y I like this game.Very weapons.Such combo, Button Mash. Wow.Graphics. Music. Amaze.Answer the door naked.Get dressed horizontally mid-chaos.Girl totally wants to bang.Finished it in 3 days; The only reason I stopped playing is so that I wouldn't be burnt out of it later when I decide to try on highest difficulty."
,Recommended,220440,11525333,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,EvntHorizn,"A great action game, excellentlly tuned combat mechanics and fun environments.  Seemed a bit easy on normal, but the game offers many difficulty options, sadly I believe you have to beat each one in succession to get to the next hardest.  Overall though one of the best action games I have ever played.  Music was pretty cool too."
76561198093048119,Recommended,220440,11569084,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,guitargod amongst men,"Although it's different from the original series, still a great game!"
76561198035583169,Recommended,220440,11574139,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,MBQ,"Anyone who's played DMC3 and DMC4 will love this one as well. Keeps the good fighting style and controls, very intense battles. On higher difficulty need to dodge and strategize a lot. A few too many cinematics, but that doesn't take away from the enjoyment of the game. Ending is fantastic, stays unpredictable to the very end. 9/10"
,Recommended,220440,8756477,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Graphire,Expect the same feel of previous DmC titles from Capcom in this game.
76561198055875343,Recommended,220440,8860883,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Lord Ilustre,Score:82/100Dante May Cry if he see this game.
,Recommended,220440,8873923,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,KOS Berserker,"A great reboot of the franchise which puts a slight spin on the characters Dante and Vergil and the world of DmC. The enemies and Limbo are wonderously fun to hack through and the bosses are awesome! The PC port of this game is absolutely amazing and is one of the best I have seen. I have recommended this to many, many gamer friends of mine and they have enjoyed it as well.If you're a die-hard fan of the old DmC, there is a smorgasbord of jokes throughout which are quite amusing, and if you are a fan of spectacle fighters, in general, then this one is completely unmissable. I can only hope Capcom and Ninja Theory release a sequel!"
,Recommended,220440,1153654,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Marlowe Wind,"Epic game slasher. Good reload. In game all is good - graphics, music, gameplay and a story."
,Recommended,220440,7583641,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,AquaMID,"Лучший слешер не только на пк, но и вообще из всех существующих. Если у вас есть геймпад от 360, СРОЧНО купить и играть."
76561198099048770,Recommended,220440,8844052,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Freakinsweet1,"If your a fan of the Devil May Cry series you will not be disappointed. This game has the same feel of the earlier Devil May Cry games, but is a little more fast pace combat. The creators of the game also did a good job explaining the story behind Dante and how he and his brother Vergil went from brothers to enemies. I would recommend this game to anyone who is is a fan of the series. Even if Dante's hair isn't white. 9/10"
,Recommended,220440,8833951,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Fantasy Man,Fantastic reboot for the series!
,Recommended,220440,7383745,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Classy,"8/10 Graphics10/10 Story10/10 music :Dreally really good game , never played the other devil may cry but loved this one"
,Recommended,220440,934683,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,4dfx,SSStylish!
,Recommended,220440,8830869,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,╭(۝乁 ͜ﾚ ㄏ۝)╮,"DmC is an all-around good game. It does not take itself seriously, and takes the rediculousness of the DmC series, but does not go too far with it. It has a good storyline and the humor help move it along. There are a few jokes and plotline elements tied to preivous games, but it is still a good buy for fans of the Devil May Cry series and those who are new to it. The combat and environment work together very well to form a fun, fast-paced game."
,Recommended,220440,7509101,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,RIPmore,"one the best games ive played in 2013, greatest soundtrack for this particular genre, fight mechanics were amazing, bosses were extremley fun, definitley worth buying."
76561198054378009,Recommended,220440,8792337,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,hyp3rc,"I liked DMC quite a bit. The graphics are amazing and the framerate of 60fps made the action smooth and fluid. The story was good although predictable. The music kicks♥♥♥♥♥ The bosses were very creative and memorable. I would describe a few of them but I don't want to spoil anything for you. Trust me, they were really cool. The gameplay itself is very rewarding and makes you feel like a badass. It's the type of game you'll play over and over to get better scores and better combos. I can't compare it to the other DMC games, as I haven't played them. I have played Bayonetta though, and can say that if you like it you'll love this. Finished the main story in 8 hours. Paid $10 for it. I definitely recommend it at that price."
,Recommended,220440,8793269,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Veralous,"This game has emotional, voilence, humor and a great story line all in one. I played it once and couldn't wait to play it again."
76561197995669906,Recommended,220440,8764522,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,extremely retarded,"Well, although this game was well done, there are a few problems I have noticed while playing. The most annoying problem I have encountered was the idea of having to replay a level and not being able to skip the forever long cut scene. Don't get me wrong it was a well done story line, and I enjoyed every minute of it, but only the first time not the second or third. During the cut scenes there for few minor glitches that got my attention, little tweaking here and there on dante and other characters grabbing items. Hands would not touch or just totally go through. Now this could just be me, but in my opinion the platforming aspect of the game was ok. not fantastic. Far too many times I am simply misled by platform perspective and distance, leap too much or not enough."
76561198065019259,Recommended,220440,8771728,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wookie,Im relatively new to the Devil May Cry series but this one is by far the best. The game has a simplistic storyline but what makes this game such good fun is its combat. Instead of just clicking you can string together so many moves and attacks to obliterate your enemies in some asesome yet ridiculous ways. The enemies and settings are unique and very cool. I would highly recommend this just for its pure entertainment and definately download the Bloody Arena game mode for extra fun!
,Recommended,220440,7571451,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Semiru,"What an awesome game...There are a million kinds of different combos, and gameplay,scenario,level designs,musics are pretty good."
76561198063400053,Recommended,220440,8202416,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,GrayFox,Terbaik...
,Recommended,220440,8316632,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tim's 2 Cream 2 Sugar,Um holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220440,8318091,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,hex,"DmC provides a unique twist to the previous Devil May Cry games in a new hero and a new setting.   It's more like a prequel as Dante actually doesn't have grey hair, but the story is there and the combat system is of course Graded-A material that always has you striving for more.Great game overall, graphic intensive.  18+ material"
,Recommended,220440,8318717,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sandrasuki,addictive
,Recommended,220440,8319643,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,XiraX,awsome
,Recommended,220440,8319590,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SaL5a,"Once you get past the idea that this is not a direct sequel of the original trilogy, you'll realizee that this is a superb reboot.  The story is definitely new-school, like the soundtrack and environment - but it's a welcomed change, in my opinion.  The gameplay is better than ever, and the combat is fresh and fluid.It retains the things that kept the old trilogy great, while adding new elements and re-works that keep it fresh and exciting for those who have played the tried and true trilogy.Capcom took a leap with this game, and I think it has paid off.  I highly recommend giving this a try."
,Recommended,220440,8320065,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kira Hayate,"This game is really fun, it has the best graphics i've seen so far, and it ROCKS!!! Even though some people will dislike it cuz of how its not like the classic Devil May Cry series, it still has the potential to be great game and who knows there might be a continuation of this like the other series. I'll be looking forward to the next DmC game. :)"
,Recommended,220440,8320393,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Headline™,"It's Devil May Cry! What part of this game isn't awesome!? NONE!!! This game kicks heavy butt. From the coolest combos and weapons, to the awesome music that gets your adrenaline going. The excellent storyline keeps you in the game. I can't get away from this game, I have a hard time turning the game off. Nothing about this game is missing from the other DMC games. Everything is familiar and fabulous! This is an awesome game that kicks♥♥♥♥♥ Get the game and slay some Demons! 10/10"
,Recommended,220440,8321077,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Stardash,This is a great restart!!
,Recommended,220440,8321404,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Teh Haxz0r,"so fast , such moves , wow deamons"
,Recommended,220440,8322831,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nestor Fade,"♥♥♥♥♥♥BRILLIANT!! Very flashy, very fast paced, and generally one of the coolest modern vibes a game could have. Never played any of the prequels, but I hardly care. Don't listen to fans of the franchise telling you it sucks, its actually quiet amazing!"
76561198032826172,Recommended,220440,8326023,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Butt Struggle Man,Completely amazing
,Recommended,220440,8326566,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,AFarCryAway,"I cannot personally recommend this game enough! Despite what some people may say as 'lack luster character development', I grew to love Dante during this re-telling of his origin story. The combat is fast and fluid, and only is complimented by a wide variety of foes for Dante's multiple weapons to punish. The story mode is long enough, and litered with enough unlockables to make returning to the somewhat linear 'on-rails hack and slash' all the more worth while. If you are in the market for a badass game that can get your blood pumping quickly, (12.49$) isn't a bad price to ask for in the slightest! Plus, this game performs well, and looks amazing while doing so on most AMD cards!"
,Recommended,220440,8326777,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,vampiredragon196,Perfect for those who love a straight forward game with tons of action.
,Recommended,220440,8326901,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,glims,"DmC is the video game version of the girl that drags you back to her place where she whips out her A game, with a little crazy on the side. You have sex 16 times and everything is awesome except she won't shut up about her parents.It's pretty. It's crazy. It's pretty crazy. It's trying too hard, but i'm appreciating the effort. It's a button mashing ride through a dark carnival L.A. with demon strippers. What the ♥♥♥♥ were you expecting?"
,Recommended,220440,8328195,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dr. 8-Ball,"This game is the prime example of how you do a PC port of a video game.  Blazing fast FPS.  Outstanding visuals.Overall, this is a game everyone who has an interest in action games should pick up."
76561197991267231,Recommended,220440,8308514,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Printice,"This game is awesome! runs on my AMD A6 laptop very well and it looks awesome on my desktop. Game play wise I think this is one of, if not the best version of Devil May Cry that I can remember.- It has a better story, than the older games- Better Graphics- Better Gameplay- My favorite Devil May Cry? I don't know, is it the best one yet? Quite possibly."
,Recommended,220440,8581578,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,_7PM,"I must say, I was definitely shocked to find that this game is great. I recommend playing it."
,Recommended,220440,8581750,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,EggplantBOI,one of my new favourites the characters are great the combat is fluid and satisfying and the music fits the game well. the story is pretty awesome and has a few twists and the boss battles are awesome. highly recommend this game
76561198018817324,Recommended,220440,8584194,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Rzen16,FREAKIN BAD A$$ GAME!!
76561198028873761,Recommended,220440,8584871,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mork Talks,"A near-perfect example of the character action genre, DmC is a superb and gorgeous game full of tight combat, incredible environments and fantastic voice acting.I've played through some of the older DmC games and found them to be dull, repetitive and full of bland art design.  DmC is a far more varied and interesting game with plenty of depth as higher difficulty levels are unlocked.  The story is half-decent but the characters are exceptionally well developed, giving the player a higher sense of agency throughout the game.If you love character action games such as God of War and Ninja Gaiden then you owe it to yourself to check this out."
,Recommended,220440,9327422,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Axel Aodh,"This review presumes you have some knowledge on the series.===DmC is hands down, the best title in the Devil May Cry series. Having played every previous title I'm more than ready and willing to make that statement. The fantastic combat, combined with unique visuals and a vastly improved character design for Dante makes it so I can recommend this game without hesitation.The combat, as in any Devil May Cry game, is the real star of DmC. It is fast and tight, while also remaining challenging. Mastering each of your unique weapons will help you immensely as relentless enemies push you to your limits. Each enemy has a unique tell that you can pick up on quickly that help teach the best approach to take them down. Unique combinations of enemies are thrown at you in different environments challenging you to find the best to way to take on your targets. Will you take out the bigger threats first? Or how about tossing them away with some powerful moves to prioritize the smaller enemies?Whatever you decide you need to do it fast, as the game is taking into account how well you are doing by a number of factors in each combat sequence. Each attack you make counts towards your combat grade, ranging from the low D to the classic SSS. To increase your score you must relentlessly attack your enemies with a varied amount of moves. You'll get a lower grade if you constantly use the same moves and abilities over and over again. Getting hit drastically lowers your grade, to the point where one or two hits will negate almost everything you did, so keeping an eye on your enemy movements is key. After dispatching all your enemies you'll be given a final grade that will be counted at the end of the level.As you progress and upgrade your weapons you get new moves that enhance your combat ability. Mixing and matching the weapons, combos and other abilities are the core strength of this game. You can't just master one and hope to do well. Each weapon is of critical importance and the game makes you know that by throwing enemies at you that can only be defeated by one kind of weapon type. However, if you are only using those weapons when you must you are not using the combat to it's fullest. You'll do your best and get your highest score my mixing up your weapons as much as possible.Switching weapons in combat is fortunately, very easy. I played with an XBox 360 controller, so I can't say how it would play with a mouse and keyboard, but I found it very natural. You start the game with the Rebellion, Dante's trusty demon sword, but early on you unlock access to the Arbiter (a heavy firey axe/hammer thing) and the Osiris (a light and fast Scythe like weapon). Switching between weapons is as easy as holding down on one of the triggers. As long as the trigger is down you'll use the weapon associated with it. This allows for easy switching of weapons, even in the middle of a combo. Later on you unlock two new weapons that you can switch between by pressing left or right on the D-Pad. Selecting up also changes your selected ranged weapon.The camera, unfortunately, can be your worst enemy in this game. It often goes to angles that make it so some enemies are not easily visible. This can result in a situation where you are in the middle of a great combo only for it to be rudely interrupted due to an enemy you didn't know was off screen jumping out and hitting you. It's a real bummer losing your hard earned combat grade and combo in one cheap shot, however it's something I've learned to deal with and do my best to counter by keeping an eye on all enemies.In between the intense combat sections you wander through wonderfully detailed environments. The colors are crisp, the world design is imaginative and always manages to surprise me with some amazingly cool visuals. Most of the game is spent in ""Limbo"" a world between our world and the demon world. Limbo essentially takes the world (in this case a place that looks like old European cities like Venice and Rome) and distorts them by ripping them apart, smashing them together and generally making a mess of things. It's hard to describe with the written word, but it's an effect that is incredibly well done and really made environments feel alive. It's a colorful world, but distorted by corrupt powers, and evil is literally dripping out of every corner.While traversing the world there are plenty of secrets to find, in fact you most likely won't be able to find them on your first run. The secrets can be incredibly cleverly hidden and you always need to be on the look out. There are keys you need that can open doors to challenges, trapped souls that provide red orbs, and very occasionally health pickups. It's not very frequent that the game will give you a helping hand with health and other powerups, so it's best that you learn not to rely on them. In fact, using power ups takes away a percentage of your score at the end of the level.The challenge rooms that are found throughout each level and opened with the previously mentioned keys can be incredibly difficult and will push what you've learned to your limit. Some of them I've just had to give up on because I don't have the necessary skill. One made it so that enemies can only be damaged in randomly placed shrinking circles of light, while another would cause me to instantly fail if I used one move more than once. The reward for completing them (at least the ones I've managed to complete so far) are health shards that increase Dante's max health after four are collected.The game rewards you immensely for doing well. The better you do the more experience and red orbs you get to upgrade skills and purchase items. I can see this being a problem if you are not very skilled, as it can keep you from getting enough skill points so you can upgrade your weapons to a point where they can be more powerful. Though, I have been playing in the ""Devil Hunter"" difficulty and I've got nothing less than an A in each level I've beaten. There are easier and harder difficulties I've yet to try, but Devil Hunter definitely hasn't been a cake walk.The redesign of Dante is one of my favorite part about this game. Dante's character in previous titles were defined by a single thing; ""Smarm"" and very little else. It worked for me in my early 20s, but now that I'm nearly 31 I kinda think he's an♥♥♥♥♥ Making him a rebellious youth actually makes it work a lot better and fits really well with the story they've placed him in. The smarm is still there, but they've layered it with some depth making Dante more defined as a person than he ever was before.Dante's rebelliousness now makes sense in a world where he's actually been downtrodden by overbearing demons that control everything, even what people think. In this world Dante's Half-Demon/Half-Angel origins cause him to not be affected by the demon's controlling powers. It's not unlikely he'd become rebellious in a world he sees as corrupt and idiotic. In fact, it actually makes a lot of sense. Unlike the original Dante, where he was basically a caricature of ""bad♥♥♥♥♥quot; attitudes from the mid to late 90s with basically no depth beyond the occasional smart♥♥♥♥♥remark.Don't get me wrong, the smart♥♥♥♥♥remarks are still there, but are now delivered expertly and are actually pretty clever. If anything, they are more tolerable because it's being delivered by someone so young.I haven't beaten DmC yet, but what I've played has been incredibly impressive. I find it a shame that the game has not sold very well, but I guess in a way I'm partly to blame since I only purchased it after it went on sale on Steam. I think I would have been very happy if I bought it at full price when it first came out. With the combination of the combat, incredible environments and much improved Dante characterization, I heartily recommend DmC to anyone who may have been on the fence about it before."
,Recommended,220440,9332955,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Fezinaru,I was surprised of how good this game was.  It doesn't have the same feel as the old Devil May Cry games but it kept my interest and the story was good too.
,Recommended,220440,9862264,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,M29992,DmC: Devil May CrySingle player7 / 10Multiplayer2 / 10Story6 / 10Collectables / Achievements5 / 10World / Environment4 / 10Replay value8 / 10Overall7 / 10Comments+  good reboot to story+  not too many collectables+  fast paced action suit the devil may cry franchise-  harder levels can get frustrating- some  achievements take a lot of time to unlock / require you to complete the story at least 5 times- multiplayer is just leader boards
,Recommended,220440,9984313,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,beastotch,Intense and slick and fun.  Respects the originals but builds on them.  Rich combo system.  Some of the best boss fights I've seen in any game in a long while.  Couldn't care less about the hair.
,Recommended,220440,8728220,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,hiki,Slash Boom Pow=Game Finished 10/10 would Slash Boom Pow again.
,Recommended,220440,8971679,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Kyrandis,If you liked Devil May Cry in the past this one does it justice. Some might know that this DmC is made entirely by a different company. The only thing about Dante that I find is he's a little more bratty than witty in this. He does get more serious as the game goes on. But overall it feels like a Devil May Cry game.
,Recommended,220440,8742737,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,[Autistic Screeching],"Note this is coming from someone who has never played a Devil May Cry game before.I have to say that this was a really fun game overall. The story is mediocre at best, but I think the gameplay is where it shines. It reminds me of games like God of War I and II on the PS2 and playing on a keyboard, while perfectly possible, was outshined by using an xbox controller. I had played with my keyboard and mouse until about half way through the story when I got an Nvidia Shield and tried it on there. I haven't played the game with KB + M since, thankfully I already had a wired xbox controller to use on my PC as well. There are plenty of collectibles and quite a lot of secret missions hidden throughout the game.The game definitely has a high replay value and the campaign can easily be finished in about 8 hours if you are playing at an average pace. You can choose progressively harder difficulties ranging from easy, to Hell and Hell mode in which you die in 1 hit while all enemies have normal health. You can also play through with all your earned powers in every level once you unlock them, making it easier to get SSS rankings.Before purchasing it, I saw that many people complained about it being much easier to get SSS rankings and I think it's mainly due to the fact that your combo doesn't go down unless you get hit by enemies, while in the earlier titles, the combo decreased on its own as time went on. I of course didn't think this was a problem because I haven't played any other titles, but I may purchase at least one to try it out.I got this game on sale for $12.50 I believe and it's already been worth that to me after just beating the story once through on normal. I don't think I could see it being worth it at retail price, which $50 at the time of this review I believe."
76561198034181228,Recommended,220440,9056660,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dead.Morticia,a winner for those who love the DMC franchise.
,Recommended,220440,9058423,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Commonperson,"A truly under rated entry in the series, fun, cheeky and with a dash of sass this game didn't get the credit it deserved.  Many fans complained it wasn't ""true"" enough to the original but this is a solid reboot setting up the universe to be explored more thoroughly in follow up entries.Gameplay is tight with solid combo techniques with a fast paced dynamic mix of light, heavy, ground and ariel attacks.  The push/pull mechanics allow for some truly devestating and cinematic combat moments and there's a satisfaction in taking down a horde of enemies.  The OCD searching for all the hidden odds and sods never overwhelms the game play and you are given enough upgrades to never feel under powered.The story is fun, a little cheeky and slightly predictable at times but never to the point where you are groaning in pain.  They mix up the story telling techniques at times so it throws in a neat little twist and the voice acting is top notch.  This has a very strong Ninja Theory feel with strands Heavnely Sword and Enslaved running through this game.  Also both games that never quite got their due.  This is a game fans of Bayonetta will truly enjoy and if you are a fan of the original and are willing to try a new twist on an old favourite or if you're new to the series this is a great jumping on point."
,Recommended,220440,9064169,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gigalombax,Probably my favorite game of all time10/10
,Recommended,220440,8245049,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Oasis™,"Very great game!! If you like cutting your way through demons, should 100% pick this game up."
,Recommended,220440,8267331,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LevityElk,#9 Game of 2013
,Recommended,220440,8270181,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,TfauxT,"DMC is a good title, I'm neutral with the character and story redesign. If you're a die-hard Dante fan, you can easily enjoy this title if you take it as a fresh pair of eyes on the franchise, but not necessarily cannon."
,Recommended,220440,8255869,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Isa,SSadistic!!
,Recommended,220440,8351050,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dalton,"Very Very smooth combat system, Story sucked and there were to many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jokes but the combat system made up for that.WARNING. YOU NEED TO PRESS ALOT OF BUTTONS."
,Recommended,220440,8384010,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ᾔ∑§πΩ™,"At first Im skeptical about this reboot since I hated the fact that they change Dante's look, but after playing the game, It all make SENSE..This is a MUST HAVE for all Hack and Slash game fanatic."
76561198019286147,Recommended,220440,8387785,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Zoe_,"This game ....hmm what to say about her ...hmmm when i first time saw this game i told to myself ... it looks like a another Japanese game ,with lot of unrealistic efects etc... but anyway i downloaded her ...when i saw and felt what this game really is i totally fallen in love with her ! I finished her again and again ... and then i make a decision that i have to buy her and support a developers ... but when i saw a price my decision were little bit changed ...only one hope were a christmas sales ..........SO! now when already own ""DMC Devil May Cry"" , im glad to, what u created and i have to send to u a BIG THANK U guys :)#ThanksForEpicGame |"
,Recommended,220440,8388870,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,RM8,"I think the game is okay, and absolutely nothing beyond okay. It's fun and it's nice looking, but I found the pacing to be terrible because of constant cut-scenes that really mess with the flow of the game. Also, the combat seems rather basic so far, feels like a ""Musou"" game at times. Opinions may vary, but the story is weak and not too engaging... and cheesy in a ""so bad it IS bad"" way, but then I'm just not a big fan of story-heavy games. But again, it's not a broken game by any means and when you're actually playing it's a fun game. Even as a non-DMC fan I really disliked the idea of this ""Western reboot"", but honestly new Dante is not that bad and it grows on you. You may still prefer classic Dante, while thinking this guy is not that bad."
,Recommended,220440,8405329,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nyaaaa~,"such a great game, i recommend it"
,Recommended,220440,8409122,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sin Senpai,This game is soooo much fun! I love it <3 Everyone buy it and play it.
76561198095067058,Recommended,220440,7235879,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,crosskiller,AMAZING
,Recommended,220440,12751244,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Razenole,"Great game.Great mechanics, beautiful environment designs. The story is solid, it get's a little angsty but for the most part, cleverly written. All around a very fun game, I do reccomend you play on the hardest difficulty and unlock the even harder ones as you go. It also has some of the better facial animation during coversation cutscenes.Now, I will address the fandom butthurt. Dante was never a well crafted character, his one liners were cheesy, his attitude was tiresome and cliche, he was just an amazingly boring character. I find the new Dante to be much better, sure he's still really angsty and can just be provocative for the sake of doing so, throughout the game. But he is balanced out by having other personality traits beyond ""I'm so cool"". Don't get me wrong, his personality for the most part consists of ""I'm so cool"" but he's much better than the old Dante.For fans of the Hack n Slash genre, I definately recommend this game."
,Recommended,220440,12744824,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,albentot,
,Recommended,220440,10964796,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,migetman9,"Now if the game you're looking for is a nice easy peesy lemon squeezy hack and slash where you can tinkle around in fairy land then I guess you could get this game. If you're looking for a game that makes scream and shout and let it all out then this is the game for you. With the free Bloody Palace DLC you can face 100 waves of enemies in a timed combat area with five bosses, that's right FIVE BOSSES. Beyond that, you can also play the campaign in Hell or Hell mode, a demonic nightmare in which you can only get hit FOUR TIMES, and the enemies are crazy strong and crazy numerous! It's a nightmare! Now my cohorts are sayin', ""Why are you making this review so long, don't you just want the badge?"" and to them I say, ""THE BADGE IS GREAT, BUT  THE RESPONSIBILITY TO WRITE A DECENT REVIEW IS GREATER.""Sincerely Yours,This Guy."
76561198127550045,Recommended,220440,10981172,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,pointofthought,"I absolutely loved every second of this game. First, the computer specs are doable- I was running the game on high the entire time and I was using an entry-level Macbook Pro (early 2011)! The graphics were beautiful and intense and the set design was absolutely brilliant. I didn't know video games could look this cool and feel so right. I'm glad I bought it.The storyline is wonderful and sets the prequel for Dante nicely. The action is perfect, blending equally with cinematics to tell the story while blending the gameplay in such a way that it feels completely and totally unique.Great job, Ninja!"
,Recommended,220440,10607842,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rengod,"Amazing super fun game. Love the combat, though locking system could be better. 8/10 would recomend"
,Recommended,220440,10608300,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Xarylus,"Most fast pased, action packed, exciting game with good story game that I have ever played!"
76561198038881494,Recommended,220440,10608803,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Vothak,"DmC: Devil May Cry is one of the greatest games I have ever played. The story is really nice with a good twist at the end. The intro just sets the frame for the whole game which is in one word ""awesome"". I would recommend to use a gamepad though because it makes the controlls much easier and you can do fancy combos easily :DAll in all a must buy if you want to pass some time with a fun game."
76561198041216334,Recommended,220440,10611221,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Regell,If you are a fan of the DarkStalker series you will love this game.  VERY similar weapon/combo system as those.  The story does a good job of keeping you hooked.  I had my doubts when I heard they were remaking the series from scratch but the story does a good job of keeping things fresh.Music by Nosia as well makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥in combat.easily a 4/5
76561197983386004,Recommended,220440,972822,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,T.K.F.T.2K,"DmC. Pure demon-hunting bliss. As a long-time (obsessive) fan of the series, I'll admit I was skeptical. I'll also admit I was a dumbass. DmC has taken every achievement of the previous installments, augmented them with a dark environment and brutal weapons and combos, while managing to buff out every installments previous issues (like DMC4's horrible platforming with the Devil Bringer or DMC2 being DMC2). The result? Non-stop action, superb voice acting, gorgeous art direction, badass weaponry that you can switch between instantly to rack up that SSS-style, and last but sure as hell not least: another chance to kill that asshat Mundus. DmC really makes you feel like the ultimate badass going down on the elevator to hell."
76561198089366176,Recommended,220440,10599862,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Hellex,#rapethrough
,Recommended,220440,10893812,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Andux,Love these Devil May Cry games
76561198015369306,Recommended,220440,10895038,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dad's Necktie,"If you like grungy action games with good music and fight sequences, get this game. I've had loads of fun already and I'm looking forward to more fun in the future."
,Recommended,220440,10944002,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Apheon,I LIKE DIS GAEM I WANNA SUCK OFF DANTE
,Recommended,220440,10948631,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Corsai,Absolutely amazingly fun game.
,Recommended,220440,10921442,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CursinSquirrel,"I am seriously loving the combos in this game. you dont have to be good, just chain random attacks together and you feel like you've accomplished something amazing! very rewarding gameplay"
,Recommended,220440,10912080,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kelliott125,Although this deviates from the plot of the first three games quite a bit the gameplay and storyline are enjoyable. The first 4 games never really stuck to a single plot anyway. Weapon switching on the fly and controls to make any fight as simple or as complicated as you'd like it to be makes for some great action. The soundtrack works in favor of the game as well.Recommended.
76561198117179727,Recommended,220440,10595276,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,iBUYPOWER`CROW,Picked up on summer sale best 12 bucks i ever spent! Definetly pick this up
,Recommended,220440,12695114,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,[NiA] Oobi Doobi Kenoobi,Played DMC since the day that DMC1 was released on PS2 in 2001.After a bad DMC4 this game is sooo much better! The combat system is much more balanced and faster.Yes the one liners are a bit cheesy but the old Dante was the same.The graphics are phenomenal and can still compete with games released today.Must buy for hack & slash fans or DMC fans!
,Recommended,220440,601374,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Zaranil,"Don't often play melee action games, but this one is great.Well produced and a story by Alex Garland (Sunshine, 28 days later, The Beach).Keyboard controls have had some thought put into them but probably better with a controller."
,Recommended,220440,14055526,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,lottiethebitch,"I love this game, it's an epic adrenaline fuelled slashy, punchy... just what I need to release the stresses of the day!"
,Recommended,220440,12072273,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dalloni,"Havent touched in DMC games in long time, not because i didnt liked them... just had so many other games to play. I must say this game rocks! Unbelievable good looking and smooth gameplaymechanics, and the music just boosts the urge for hack and slash! I can personally recommend to fans and new players alike. Buy it and enjoy the brutal smacking of demons!"
,Recommended,220440,1766918,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,AlchemistMayCry,"Believe it or not, DmC manages to do more for the franchise than DMC1-4 ever did. A much more streamlined but intriguing storyline, intense but more accessible combat, and dynamic level design that make the previous games levels look like boring corridors and arenas make this exactly what the Devil May Cry franchise needed. The storyline, voice acting, and motion capture should also be praised, and while it doesn't have the over-the-top stunts, it humanizes the characters and makes them much more believable, and the script is well-done, especially compared to the Resident Evil-quality of previous installments. My only complaint would be the music. While certainly more varied than the industrial butt-rock of previous games, it just doesn't work for me.Overall, a solid action game with dozens of hours of content, and plenty of replay value. Great entry point for new fans, and with depth for the older fans. It might not be perfect yet, but this is a good start for redefining Devil May Cry as one of the perennial action franchises."
,Recommended,220440,12171396,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Tasmya,Really great game
76561198044421243,Recommended,220440,12171405,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,PhoenixWing,"Buy this game! This is my favourite game next to Tomb Raider!Cutscenes are done by mo-cap peformed by real people so they looked really nice, their lips synced with the dialogue, etc.Combos are really fun and satisfying too :D Espcially if you haven't played this series before like me."
76561198069926379,Recommended,220440,12180531,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Limited Xray,this game is amazing
,Recommended,220440,12182861,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Winterblink,"I have to say I never really liked the original DMC games, but this one is amazing. The color palette is beautiful, colorful despite the type of game this is. Gameplay is great, and while some skill is required to score highly it is still perfectly fine for people who aren't into frantic combat games to understand what attacks will be effective against the various enemy types.Bosses are imaginative and fun, not everstaying their welcome by being tedious or overly challenging.Even the soundtrack works extremely well. Combichrist is an amazing band, and its aggressive techno style works really well here.A total sleeper hit for me, took me forever to get around to playing this but I'm wishing I had done so sooner."
76561198120620693,Recommended,220440,12199019,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,carlsnm,"I got this game on sale and its a pleasant surprise, from the general production quality down to the gameplay.Its a hack and slasher but with a ton of ways to combo your attack.  the overall balance of the ai, this attack system, the dodging makes for a great experience.leveling up here is fun too because it allows you to widen your aresenal of attacks.  I play through stages 2 or three times just because the game is fun and I can use the exp to level up..if your looking for a good 3rd person controller game you won't be dissapointed with this one."
,Recommended,220440,4087655,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,Megabajwa,Flawless Combat System zero bugs completely worth the money spent one of the best prequels of this time
,Recommended,220440,12212879,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,ZanyZergling,quite a lot of fun. Really well produced enviornments and combat is increadible.
,Recommended,220440,12237454,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,legous,"Fun, with good story could do a little work but does feel like an acarde game"
,Recommended,220440,12238014,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Dark2TheCore,"Great game! Action pact and intense, worth a play every day!"
,Recommended,220440,11898083,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Sailorjeff,DmC is one of the best entries into the Devil May Cry game series.The game has a very unique art style and the changes that Ninja Theory made to Dante  and the other characters in the series is a welcome breath of fresh air for the long running series.Most people out there complaining about this game are doing so merely because of the design changes to the characters. You should really try this game for yourself as opposed to listening to a bunch of butthurt people that want to be sold the same stuff ad-nauseum for the next 15 years.the gameplay is rock solid and a fantastic entry to the Spectacle Fighter Genre which is woefully deficient of titles on PC.It's too bad that Ninja Theory  will not be working on a DmC 2 because i would have liked to see where the series may have gone from here under their direction.Verdict: Crescent Fresh
,Recommended,220440,7404623,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Ribitski,Woah!
,Recommended,220440,12230085,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,lc,"Mas allà de las personalidades baratas, de su plot con huecos, y del prota irritante, DmC me pareció un buen juego para sacarse un par de horas matando demonios y haciendo combos interminables. Para ser una reboot (y una muy drastica), es realmente buena en el ambiente de la jugabilidad."
76561198152723233,Recommended,220440,12291748,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Chedent,"I love this game. Great combat, cool weapons, nice story, and way more. The story really grips you and stays with you, I know you'll love it. Worth the money, amazing game!"
76561198077161056,Recommended,220440,12292534,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,guidsan3,"Simply AWESOME!!!!They rebooted the series in the best way it could have been rebooted!It's not the Dante we know, of course, but it's still awesome :)"
,Recommended,220440,12292940,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Anarxix,"I love this game so much. It's what keeps me warm at night and cheers me up when I need a friend.... but seriously, its a great game and Dante is my homeboy."
,Recommended,220440,7526907,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,MidnightSnowfall,DON'T need the best compter to play this game. lots of fun and in your face
,Recommended,220440,6124858,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Twitch Fawkes,"If you like hack-n-slash action games, give this one a shot. The art style is very colorful and lively. the combat system is fast and fluid and has somewhat unique strategy mechanics. The story is not award-winning but it will keep you interested and the characters are likable (Kat is my favorite character overall). Dante & Vergil do stand on their own merits: Vergil is intelligent and sneaky while Dante is brash and upfront. The level design is so awesome and I've never had so much fun platforming in a DMC game.That being said, is this a Devil May Cry game? If you're coming here expecting that this will be EXACTLY like the old DMC, then you're out of luck. This is a fresh, new take on the franchise. Does it do things well? Well, there are flaws (no lock-on system, style score system is too easy and combat is a bit bare-bones) but it is a good enough action game for you to enjoy on a weekend. With seven difficulty modes, 21 secret missions, bloody palaceand Vergil's Downfall DLC, this game will keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,220440,12183028,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Prideless,DMC was more entertaining then I expected. Its strongest point is its combat. The level design is decent. There are a few levels that are really pop out with creativity. Some of the boss designs are pretty unique. They should have made more of a variety of enemy designs it eventually feels repetitive. There was little incentive to try and get the extras throughout the game. The plot is pretty stale and dry they could have done more justice with a wider cast of characters and expand on the plot. Some of the concepts and lore they mention in the plot feel really under utitlized. I found Dante's character to be quite humorous and appealing in its own right. Despite the games shortcomings it was still worth playing in the end. This game deserves a 7.5/10 in my book.
,Recommended,220440,13895205,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Ne[a]era,It lacks in in combat complexity compared and music (both for themselves are great) to Metal Gear Rising but DMC is a 7-10 Hour funride!
,Recommended,220440,13901813,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,steez,This game took my DmC Virginity.12/10
76561198006896499,Recommended,220440,14372030,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,FoxHound,YES! pair with a controller for best experience 9/10
,Recommended,220440,7076586,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,FatalCookies,Graphics? Yes.Combat? Yes.Soundtracks? Yes.Extreme difficulty level? YesCombos? YesGet the game? YES
,Recommended,220440,14304923,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Slender,"Just finished this game for the first time, and i'm almost in tears because i desperately need MORE!10/10"
,Recommended,220440,14307483,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Tabula Rasa,"A very satisying character action game with a few dodgy design issues, but a great atmosphere and feel. Doesn't quite reach the heights of the original games in terms of quality, but is a blast to play. Lots of weapons, a decent story, Good combat, and really interesting environments and challenges, with some occasionally hilariously bad dialogue."
,Recommended,220440,14188597,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Hayseed,"8/10I personally love this game. As someone who couldn't really delve into the original Devil May Cry franchise do to it use of over machoism I find the new plot and story as well as characters to be refreshing. Warning to the old Devil May Cry fans, while I personally love this game and have heard over people love this game, alot of people that were fans of the original franchise were extremely upset (to put it lightly) about the new appearances of characters and how their personality is presented. DO NOT GO PLAY THIS GAME EXPECTING THE OLD DANTE, FOR IT IS NOT. The new Dante has a bit more...flesh to his character that, to me, makes him more believable. If you randomly saw and talked to this guy on the street you could actually believe him as a person and not as a video game character. The same rule applies to the other characters, they are not the same as they were in the original series. That being said Ninja Theory leads the trail to sequels where you can totally see the old style Dante and Vergil making a comeback, only this time they would have had some backstory.Anyways, I love this game."
,Recommended,220440,14392278,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,JoshimusMaximus,"If you're a fan of the ""old"" Devil May Cry games like me, then you might be a little skeptical about the reboot. I know I was. After getting an awesome deal on it I decided to give it a go and actually loved every minute of it. I still think it was too soon to try and reboot/reimagine the series, but DMC: Devil may Cry is a hell of a good time!"
76561198048001650,Recommended,220440,14425986,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,jdcarter91,"This really isnt as bad as all the haters will make it out to be. Sure, it was linear and changed some characters and story elements, but its the smoothest and most graphically mesmerizing entry yet."
76561198038470614,Recommended,220440,14395575,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Kayla Coldstone,"best fighting engine, but i recommend getting the costume pack, so you are able to play as classic dante."
76561198173107671,Recommended,220440,14491093,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,II_BORDGA_II,nice game
76561198059494825,Recommended,220440,14555679,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,NEISA,Good game i ever play
,Recommended,220440,14591186,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Guardian,"Whether you're a longtime fan (with an open mind) or a total newcomer just looking for a solid character action game, it's hard to imagine anyone feeling overly dissatisfied with this new game. A reboot is a chance to revitalize a flagging series, and Ninja Theory has done that with a striking vision for the DMC universe and top-notch combat. It should be noted, with a certain severity, that the 360 version is clearly superior in this pair. Its PS3 counterpart struggles to keep a steady framerate which is sadly characteristic of PS3 games running on the Unreal Engine. When you turn off your brain and let your intuition take over, you become one with Dante in a wild and seductive game you just want to play over when it finally ends. Ninja Theory are calling the DMC shots now and they're doing it well. The fighting mechanics are a little bit easier to master and perhaps not as deep as before, but on the other hand the storytelling is improved with skillfully crafted cutscenes. Put up with a rather dull introduction and you're in for a great game. This is a title that gets most of the important parts right when it comes to an action game. It makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥♥ thanks to the cool-looking combat and easy-to-produce combos, but remains deep to allow people to delve into the system and pull off some wild moves."
,Recommended,220440,14571363,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,yung cuckboi 3000,"I have to take a moment to appluad this game.  No, I'm not done with it yet, but I'm already intrigued.  The art style this game presents is phenomenal, and there is not a moment that goes by where I'm not amazed by it.  The combat works really well, killing hasn't been so satisfying in a long time.  But one more thing I have to mention is the optimization.  This is a beautiful game, but I do not get a stutter of frames on Ultra settings.  Everything runs silky smooth and I have encountered no problems running this game, a rare thing for me these days.  When this game goes on a sale, you should pick it up."
76561198022428156,Recommended,220440,3422777,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Reivo,Cool game! Cool anime! Cool music!
,Recommended,220440,13209812,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[BG]Aranico,Killed flying babies and obeist bald men with oozing nipples.10/10
,Recommended,220440,13236092,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Blael,+Great Level Design+AMAZING SOUNDTRACK+Vergils Downfall+Good Combat+Decent Graphics+No bugs (atleast in my playthrough)-New Dante is bad-New Dante's jokes are cheesy as hell and abundant. They are NOT funny.-Story could have been better.
,Recommended,220440,358374,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,LordMune,"Ninja Theory, makers of noted Absolutely Awful Games like Enslaved: Odyssey to the West... have made the second best Devil May Cry game of all time?? (And DMC3 might not have aged well.) Ten outta ten cries, 60 out of 60 frames per second."
76561198009480051,Recommended,220440,13286957,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Hawkeye0078,cool i like
,Recommended,220440,13142905,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Yomatius,"Now this is an action game. Gameplay is deep and extremely rewarding. Boss fights are cool, lots of content and excellent replay value. Well worth it."
76561198093839109,Recommended,220440,12078731,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,.. . .........,super fun fighting gamer i love the cool combos you can do
76561198062288884,Recommended,220440,12080165,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,L.E.G.E.N.D,this game is soo much fun all the senseless hack N slash is insane.. the fan fiction is so hot lol  and dam dante is a ♥♥♥♥ing badass lol the story is pretty badass to and yeah i had alot of fun playin this game and the main colour scheem is RED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220440,12423573,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Biribiri,"okay here is my review for dmc: devil may cryfirst of all, this is a reboot so if there is anyone who is hating the storyline because it's not the same as the other 4. bye.So this game came out on sale and me being the smart minded Steam shopper it was only normal to buy the game without looking at reviews and videos, and I'm glad I bought it because this game is really fun. Long story short (with no spoilers ofc) this game starts off as you playing as Dante awakening up from another night of being hungover and partying. You hear someone knocking on your door and it's just a random girl telling you you're in danger, demon comes out of nowhere smashes the trailer Dante was living in, puts you in limbo and screams dying pterodactyl noises. Fast forward boss fight and goose chasing, random girl takes you on a car ride to introduce you to a person named Vergil. He explains to you about the demon king Mundus and how he has a grip on the entire planet, reveals your past and basically described that Dante is a Nephilim (half angel/demon) and must help defeat demon king for only a nephilim can stand up to someone such as Mundus. And this is pretty much the shortest summary I could write without giving too much of the story, but just because the summary is short doesn't mean the story is. The story can go deeper than just a bunch of angels and demons fighting.Before I actually talk about gameplay I can't give any personal opinion on how the keyboard and mouse controls are because during the time I played this game I had no wifi and only an Xbox One controller to help play through this and everything worked and responded perfectly. So if you want to do some offline gaming this game should give almost no problems.So as for gameplay, I can tell you the combat system for the majority of Dante's weapons are all unique and serve as a goal or advantage for you in the game. Such as fighting particular demons or using it to break something down. The way the combos are mapped out are hard to get used to at first because as the story progresses you can just keep getting new weapons and you're just telling yourself what the hell, because you're still trying to master your previous weapons and there's just really so much combos to do with any weapon it's ridiculous. To actually get new combos you have to continue fighting demons because they drop red and white orbs so this will act as currency and you can use these to upgrade either your health, or increase Dante's handling of all his weapoons.It's really hard to feel a sense of ""wow i beat these guys already this is too repetitive"" because like I said there are particular demons that can only be beaten with particular weapons so if you start getting that feeling then try a different approach in handling the enemy. If combos aren't refreshing your experience with different mobs then definitely the music will help. As someone who enjoys metal and as for anyone who enjoys the genre the game has so much, you just feel so into the game when you're introduced to something new because the music in-game is just so amazing you can't help but get sucked into the combat and start going crazy.  Another thing about the game is that there is no regenerative health system so you have to play your cards right in how you go about fighting because some demons could be just as damaging as you and they're gonna come at you at all angles, because of this you can get a sense of fear. Fear from getting hit too much rather than fear from seeing their faces, although some faces really are horrifying but that's just my opinion.So all in all this game can get pretty deep with gameplay, story can get pretty deep too but it's not mind exploding or boggling. In terms of length you're gonna get it's gonna get AT LEAST 15-20 hours on your first playthrough. The game has multiple difficulties though but those are unlocked if you beat the previous difficulty and if you do try out the harder difficulties the game rewards you with artwork and achievements. And there is A LOT of art to be showed, like previous art designs, sword art (get it) enemy art, etc.Would I recommend this game? absolutely, does this game completely♥♥♥♥♥♥the previous storylines, no idea. This is my first dmc game and it was a really enjoyable experience that everyone should try out, but get this on sale because 50 dollars for this game is not exactly the price of what you're getting.I'm sorry if you felt like this was a lot of reading but damn you gotta buy this game like it's actually FUN"
,Recommended,220440,7435513,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Trigger,
76561198020155335,Recommended,220440,12924546,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Yin,"I honestly really liked this game. It was good. I really liked the way the ending opened up to the interpretation that it was a prequel to Devil May Cry 3. I love Devil May Cry, and while it may be 'dumbed down' the combat feels pretty ♥♥♥♥ing great. Dante may seem like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but that's okay, because he changes.In my opinion this is most definitely Canon and should be played if you want the full Devil May Cry story.The story goes like this: DmC Devil May Cry - Devil May Cry 3 - Devil May Cry 1 - Devil May Cry 2 - Devil May Cry 4all of these should be played, in that order. Please don't let all the bad reverse fanboys keep you from playing this game9/10 here"
,Recommended,220440,12941527,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,ivan_blues,"Por una parte entiendo el enojo de todos los fans de la serie (me incluyo entre ellos), los cuales se volcaron encima de este juego y sus desarrolladores al enterarse que iban a quitar al personaje principal, el personaje alrededor del cual giraba toda la serie, y convertirlo en… pues en “el nuevo Dante”. Yo era uno de esos fans, pero decidí darle una oportunidad al juego dejando de lado los prejuicios, y vaya que no me arrepiento.El juego es extremadamente divertido, el combate en sí es muy satisfactorio, cuesta adaptarse al principio, en especial si has jugado los anteriores juegos, porque fue un poco simplificado, pero eso no significa necesariamente algo malo, una vez entendidas las diferencias es un verdadero placer arrasar con las hordas de enemigos con todo el arsenal disponible.Aparte del combate, el elemento de plataformas del juego también es muy bueno, de hecho y para mi gusto, mejor que el de los anteriores, el uso que se les da a la armas de Dante en este aspecto es excelente, y también es bastante satisfactorio volar de una plataforma a otra para posteriormente columpiarte, volver a volar, y jalar otra plataforma para caer en ella.El arte y la ambientación me dejaron boquiabierto, pocas veces he visto un juego con un arte tan bueno, es notable el cuidado y la dedicación con la que trabajaron, las transiciones del mundo real al limbo, los textos apareciendo en suelos y paredes, los pisos colapsando y haciéndose pedazos, los escenarios estirándose y deformándose, las secuencias de acción, los planos de cámara, todo está hecho con sumo cuidado y luce espectacular.La dificultad sí es considerablemente menor que la de sus predecesores, lo cual seguramente molestará a los más puristas. A mí no me pareció tan mal (especialmente porque no tengo el tiempo que tenía antes para invertirlo en el juego) pero tiene bastantes niveles de dificultad, los cuales seguramente dejarán satisfechos a los que buscan un mayor reto (aún me falta probar las dificultades más altas).El personaje principal sigue sin convencerme del todo, al principio era infumable, mientras el Dante original tenía un carisma natural, el nuevo quería tener ese carisma a la fuerza, y no dejaba de parecer un chamaco pretencioso, aunque también es cierto que conforme avanzaba la historia me fue gustando más y más, y al final hasta resultó interesante.En cuanto historia también me pareció mucho mejor que los anteriores juegos, mejor planteada desde un principio, personajes con motivaciones más definidas, y en general un mejor desarrollo de los personajes y de la historia. Podría haber sido un punto de comienzo sólido para un reboot, ya que siempre he considerado que la historia era el punto más flaco de los anteriores juegos.En resumen, un estupendo juego, altamente recomendable y tremendamente disfrutable que se va a mi lista de los indispensables."
76561198006351462,Recommended,220440,8712313,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Torin,"I played DMC4 and DmC back to back because I wanted to be able to compare the two since DmC is a franchise reboot. Capcom took a note from Konami and hired a European developer to reboot the franchise. In Konami's case it was Castlevania redone by MercurySteam, in Capcom's case it was Devil May Cry redone by Ninja Theory.Ninja Theory are the creators of Heavenly Sword, a very good hack-and-slash combat game similar to Devil May Cry that came out on PS3 shortly after launch. They also created Enslaved: Odyssey to the West, a re-imagining of Journey to the West taking place in a post-apocalyptic future. I haven't played it, but it sounds interesting.Here are my thoughts; there will likely be spoilers--StoryRight from the beginning we see that this Dante, this very young Dante, seems very self-destructive and very obviously trying to escape the world. He's shown drinking and partying without really caring about what's happening around him. A girl named Kat wakes Dante from his stupor to try to bring him into her organization called The Order just before a giant demon attacks him and drags him into Limbo.In this version of the DMC universe there's a metaphysical realm called Limbo that is a reflection of the real world but doesn't follow normal physical laws. Events in the real world and Limbo can sometimes affect each other directly, and it's also demonstrated throughout the game that those with enough power have the ability to change Limbo according to their will.Eventually Kat explains to Dante that The Order's mission is to fight demons and save mankind from enslavement by the Devil King Mundus. Dante is introduced to his brother Vergil, but Dante doesn't remember his family and says he has almost no memory of his childhood. There's an ongoing motif in the game from this point on where you play as Dante inside of his own mind trying to free his memories and unlock new abilities.Mundus is represented in a human form and shown ruling the world as a businessman and economist which is an interesting take on his character. In the original story Sparda, Dante and Vergil's demon father, defeats and banishes Mundus back to hell 2000 years before the series starts. In DmC's retelling Mundus kills Sparda's wife Eva and then defeats and banishes Sparda instead.DmC's take is that Eva was an angel and the twin brothers Dante and Vergil are Nephilim, the forbidden spawn of an angel and a demon in the same fashion as in Blizzard's Diablo and Vigil Games' Darksiders. The Nephilim are so powerful that everyone fears them, Mundus included, and thus they are to be killed on sight. In the original story Eva was human which made the brothers half-human, and DmC's departure from that into what is becoming an overused plot device the past 2 years bothered me.Overall the story wasn't bad and it ended up growing on me, but I was admittedly a hard sell. You get to see Dante grow from someone that doesn't care about anything into someone that seems to care about everything which was very satisfying.DesignThe design in this game is what drew me in to try it out, specifically the world design. First of all the world shown in the game is a lot more modern than what you see in the original series. I liked the idea of seeing demons in a modern setting since DMC as a whole is supposed to take place during a modern time. Overall the style of the world in this game is very punk oriented which seems to be reflected in both character and creature designs as well as the world.My absolute favorite part of the world design is Limbo because it turns everything completely chaotic. Inside Limbo you will literally see the world tear apart around you and you have to try to navigate between floating sections of a shattered cityscape. Every billboard and sign displays a subliminal message in Limbo, and messages from the demons will also flash across the landscape as you navigate around such as ""KILL DANTE.""Each section of Limbo you visit as Dante has a different overall theme to it, and it makes the world look a lot more diverse than it does in the normal world. You go from the shattered boardwalk and its carnival games to the city proper, from a demonic biomechanical energy drink factory to an upside-down prison complex, and from a video-game-esque night club to the bowels of hell inside of a corporate office building. I found myself liking each new area more than the last, and I believe the world design to be the biggest strength of this game.The character designs primarily consist of realistic-looking human models with liberties taken for the demon characters to make them more demonic or corrupted. Bob Barbas, a news anchor seen throughout the game, seems to be visibly the most human-looking character in the game. I found the demon Phineas to be the most creative design, incorporating clockwork into an otherwise human-looking character. Mundus as a human is a bald man with a bad right eye and a birth mark in the middle of his forehead that looks like a collection of three eyes, the symbol representing Mundus in the original series.Dante loses his mop of white hair (comically referenced in the first mission during a cutscene) for cropped black hair, and he loses his classic red leather jacket for a dark grey one with a red lining and a union jack on the left arm. Dante's sword Rebellion returns with a redesign, losing the skull motif on its hilt, and Ebony and Ivory also appear as pistols with curved grips that look like claws.Creature design was my biggest disappointment in this game because I thought all of the creatures looked too human or doll-like. This may not bother others, but it consistently bothered me through the entire game. The only two designs I enjoyed were the boss of the prison and Mundus himself, and both were very well done in my opinion.GameplayGameplay is very similar to other DMC games, though Devil Hunter (normal) difficulty isn't nearly as hard as previous installments. If you've played DMC before I recommend going for the hardest difficulty available because otherwise the game is too easy.Rebellion has all of the same moves, minus Roundtrip which is given to a different weapon. Other weapons have similar movesets but they all feel unique when in use, and interestingly you get to have 3 melee weapons and 1 gun equipped at all times which lets you smoothly move from one weapon to another. The game plays on the whole demon/angel duality giving you both angelic and demonic weapons. Some enemies can only be defeated by the same color weapon (in an effect that is opposite but similar to Ikaruga), and some doors can only be opened by certain weapons.The Sky Star ability introduced in DMC3 returns as Angel Boost which ends up being a very useful ability for platforming, but unfortunately the name didn't get any better in my opinion.DmC gives you the ability to pull enemies to you or pull you to them which ends up being extremely useful and very fun. These pull mechanics are also used to move parts of the world around for platforming and for differing uses in each boss fight.When you finally achieve Devil Trigger after half of the game is over you absolutely have to use the pull mechanic because enemies get thrown up into the air when it's used. This ended up being more frustrating than fun and it ended up being my least favorite thing about the combat system. If you can somehow master this I can see it being very useful, but I never got it to work for me.Final ThoughtsI ended up liking this game for the most part. I think that they kept true to a lot in the series and made good choices in some of the new additions. The gameplay is solid and the level designs are a real treat, but creature designs fall a bit short. I would recommend this game to anyone that wants to give it a go, old fans and new, and I think it gives a solid 10+ hours of entertainment."
76561198104662411,Recommended,220440,12759313,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,I Am Hedgehog,"DmC is great. It's not perfect, but how often are you expecting a game that is 100% everything you've ever dreamed of?If you're expecting it to fit into the original series like a puzzle piece, you're going to be disappointed, but if you're looking for a exciting hack-n-slash with beautiful level and character design (physically - the plot and character depth left something to be desired, but again - I wasn't expecting to find the world's largest diamond or anything) and a killer soundtrack, then you'll be more than happy with this game.If you're really THAT concerned about the discrepancies between the original games and this quasi-reboot, then just wait until it's on mega-sale (like summer or winter level mega sale) and pick it up then. In my book, it's definitely worth playing!"
,Recommended,220440,12124115,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Eve,"This is the first DMC game i played, and i really don't know what all the fuss is about. THIS GAME WAS AWESOME! i played and couldn't put the controller down it was just so fun, i liked the story and characters even though the story made no sense at times. I have played DMC 4 and that was a great game that you should go check out, but i still perfer this one because i liked the style better and it seemed to be alot smoother and satisfying, the other game was puzzles and you got to do other things than just fight, also the other game was a more gothic style and was alot like an anime, where as this game has an american style to it, the anime factor is still there so if thats your stuff you should check out the DMC games. But i feel that DMC was made to be like this game and i cant wait for the next one to come out.Buy it, its totally worth it.9/10(9/10 because the game was quite easy even on the hardest difficulty and it was easy to get the best ranks on each level, hopefully the next game won't be so easy)"
76561198043730221,Recommended,220440,12853206,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Spacy,The combat is amazing Dante is a badass still in this game.The animation for cut scenes and voice acting is terrible though and actually made me cringe in some scenes. But I love my hack and slash games so it didnt really bother me that much7/10 B) Combat still amazing
,Recommended,220440,12870586,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Le Douche vi Britannia,"Alright, before anyone even considers crucifying this game, take a step back for a second.  If you are one of the OG hardcore Devil May Cry fans and forever want to keep that image of Dante in your heart forever, you should seriously consider this game.  But wait, Dante doesn't look like the original Dante, he doesn't speak like the orignal Dante, and heck he doesn't even look like Dante!!!  I used to be one of those ""purists"" who liked the original Devil May Cry series (except for 3...because reasons).This was a step in a new and different creative direction that worked.  A new world, story, and atmosphere was created WITHOUT sacrificing controls, combos, and skills that were enjoyed in the previous titles in the lineup.  Many of the traditional moves and combos are still there with a number of new ones that is more of a pick your own fighting style based on your weapon set.  Definitely give it a shot.  I am curious to see what else is in store for this style of DMC beyond the DLC."
,Recommended,220440,12872702,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Frag,"DMC reeks of emo, but that doesn't stop it from being a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,220440,12885417,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"If I hear Kat say ""the nightmares"" one more ♥♥♥♥ing time..."
76561197986196942,Recommended,220440,12664313,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Nitram,Excellent rollercoaster ride!
,Recommended,220440,12836578,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SoulzReapa,"just as good as the originals, interesting new take on the story. definetly recommended."
,Recommended,220440,12915359,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,LIGHTNING,"the only other devil may cry game ive beat was devil may cry 4 and although i honestly prefer the white haired dantethis game was really good. i dont believe its relevent to the orginal devil may cry but is a stand alone story instead. anyways, pros and conspros:amazing visualsfun gameplayoriginal story (very interesting)short (about 8 hours on easy)cons:no replay value (besides for extra costumes,difficulties ect.)not actually part of the devil may cry series8/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,220440,12956117,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Ampersammich,"A new look at a classic beat-em-up formula found in the original Devil May Cry for the PlayStation. The new Dante is still a wise-cracking BAMF but in a much more fleshed out world in the battle between good and evil. If you enjoyed the other games for their gameplay, you should check this one out too.For screenshots and a more in-depth look, visithttp://fovgames.com/2013/03/06/dmc/."
76561198110554972,Recommended,220440,12021997,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,bluchu39,"If you're a lover of the original Devil May Cry series and the characters, then you are going to have a really, really hard time enjoying this game. The characters are changed dramatically. The gameplay, however, remains the same and is very fluid in transitioning between different weapons making the battles very stylish. Combat will definitely not disappoint you. I'd definitely rate the combat as being better than that of DMC 3 without being as cheap as Nero's Devil Bringer in DMC 4. The only disappointment is a lack of boss fights. DMC 3 and 4 got me used to fighting a boss almost every level, whereas there are 6 in the entirety of this game.As for how the plot has changed, you're getting an almost pre-DMC 3 type of storyline (although they don't line up, obviously, as it is a reboot). The humor from previous games has been preserved, although rather than ridiculously showing off, it has more one liners befitting a youthful generation. Dante has plenty of good quips for certain. However, Dante and Vergil are dramatically different than their previous selves. If you compare to the originals, you're going to hate them, but if put the previous games out of mind, then you'll only really hate Vergil. So sad, Vergil was great...Gameplay: Great!Storyline: OkayCharacters: MehIt will be interesting to see where they take the franchise from here."
76561198042899688,Recommended,220440,10943296,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,mega_ht,"It's cool, but of course the original DMC's are betterTotally worth buying tho"
76561198112826941,Recommended,220440,11880602,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,BGraplay,"5 stars! Very well designed. The art design and battle design are equally nice. Don't be bond by the previous character design, it's nothing but hair style. The new character is still atractive and interesting.Each skill is useful and there is no need to leave some skill because you choose some. With the cotroller, the skill you want to use is different combination of buttons. A little bit tricky when you first play this game or just learn a new skill, but once you are practiced, the battle can be really fun and fluent."
,Recommended,220440,11862133,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,JunglisticFeVeR,Although not a terrbly long game it is a well crafted one. The level design really resonated with me personally. It's pretty crazy and flying through them just right is very satisfying.Initially the combat seems very mashy but as you progress through the game and unlock more weapons and skills it becomes a lot more tactical as the game ramps up the enemy variety.Its a cool game that looks and sounds noisy and brash.
76561198080400255,Recommended,220440,6952255,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,(J)Tibbs,The new Dante is way cooler then the old. Great story awesome voice actting amazing graphics game cant get any better
76561198059761428,Recommended,220440,11940555,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Jayden,"Even though this game is rather short (you can finish it within a weekend in the easiest modes) it offers a great variety of opponents, and the flow from easy opponents to difficult ones is well made. I love the dark humour in the game and am one of those weird people who actually love Dante in this game. He's young, he's cocky and he's badass. All that Dante should be in a DmC game. :)"
,Recommended,220440,10692823,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Kojukinator,"The short story is that this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome... The last time I had a raging boner like this one was during Bayonetta.DmC is visually spectacular, handles like a charm, isn't as deep in combat as Bayonetta but close enough to always feel engaging and fresh. The animations are great, the voice acting is great, the visual design is great, there is just so much love put in to the production of experience. I am not at all disappointed by any of it, in fact my expectations have been exceeded.None of this should be surprising considering that Ninja Theory made another game that I absolutely loved and consider an underrated gem, ""Enslaved: Odyssey to the West"" (available on Steam as well). A game that had a perfect blend of narrative, action, and charm that kept me playing almost non-stop till the end, and what an end it was... I'm not going to spoil it, but damn they put some thought in to that baby.DmC is an amazing action game. The PC port is absolutely fantastic and liquid smooth.Get this game on sale, but it's well worth the full price in my opinion.P.S. If you're a seasoned action game fan, start the game on the hardest difficulty available, ""Nephilim"". I haven't tried the lower ones, but from past experience with games like this I know that if you aren't challeneged properly and end up steamrolling with button mashing then the whole experience just dies. ""Nephilim"" difficulty is ""how it was intended to be played"", then you'll unlock higher difficulties for that extra punishment if you're a masochist with time to burn and fun to be had."
,Recommended,220440,10695931,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,damiens21,Very fun fast paced action game. Havent played the series since part one on playstation graphics have improved but same action i used to love.
,Recommended,220440,10725952,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,thanos0519,"I already beat this on the PS3, and decided to pick it up during the steam sale. All I'm going to say about this game is that I loved it. It's a great reboot to the series, and I honestly liked this one more than the past entries. I hope they continue with version of the series, as I was a fan of this combat system and the storytelling was top notch. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,220440,10726541,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,our,One of the best games I have ever played to be honest. Great story and graphics. Hats off to the people who made this. :) -Voqz
,Recommended,220440,10727014,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,VeN,"Fun game, combo system is nice to toy around with and create your own attacks."
,Recommended,220440,10727249,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,OH GEE!.TheFredobar,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome in every way.
76561198074188881,Recommended,220440,10728108,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NewAssassin,"Fantastic game to start with the Devil may Cry series! Easy to pick-up, but hard to master.. Love it!"
,Recommended,220440,10729559,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,hastoga,"Fun game, good visuals en nice fast paced action."
76561198089888104,Recommended,220440,10700934,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zimbabwe hombre,"11/10, outstanding, this game makes you feel like a badass with the background music during fights (the more intesity get with fights, the intesity levels of the music rise!) loved it."
,Recommended,220440,10714307,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Caoimhe Scarlet,It's a good game and plays just as well as the original four. Some purists may not like it design wise but honestly the setting and themes are pretty good and I think this game gets more flak than it deserves.If you like a good run and gun type action game that is well paced then give this a shot.
76561198073138419,Recommended,220440,10986235,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Calypso Dynamo,"A great addition to the franchise, there are a few steps back due to a new developer but also some great new additions to the series, inluding improved mobility and air control and platforming that not only works but is fun! Don't let the haters scare you off, give it an honest chance and you'll be rewarded with a fun experience. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,220440,10956336,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dan,"Awesome, although i'd recommend using a controller."
,Recommended,220440,11061949,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,FoffleWaffle,"Was a pretty cool game though it gets sorta 'grindy' and boring at times with waves of fights. I loved the way they portrayed the story, felt like I was watching a great yet cheesy tv show on netflix. One stage threw a puzzle. I typically don't mind puzzles but they threw in just one near the end. It serves no purpose other than to be annoying? Why would you put a slow action-stopping puzzle in an action platforming game? Seriously man? Why? Darksiders did it, God of War did it and now here."
,Recommended,220440,11076864,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Wotca HFX,"This is an excellent fast paced 3rd person hack & slash, best experienced with a controller.  Especially well suited to Steam stream to the HDTV.  I've never played the games that came before this 'reboot' so there were no expectations.  I can see myself playing through this again as I unlock difficulties to see how well I can string together some awesome COMBOS!  It's fun, what more can you ask for."
,Recommended,220440,11039137,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Joe,I don't play much character-action games with combo systems like this but I really enjoyed it nonetheless. Story is a bit nonsensical but the gameplay is fast and fun though at least on the normal difficulty level it doesn't present too much of a challenge.
,Recommended,220440,10932154,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,LoneHeaven,"I played this game through more than a few times on the Xbox 360 and got nearly every achievement.If you're a fan of hack+slash games with some pretty impressive visuals, try it... just don't try playing it in front of squimish people."
,Recommended,220440,10639903,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,binkocd,"Looking back on this game. It is a solid reboot to a much beloved game series. It borrows enough to make the connection, but gives you enough distance to make it it's own game and story. I would play this again, though I don't know if the backlog will allow."
76561198093105922,Recommended,220440,10642754,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Godeater,"One of the better hack and slash games I have played in a while, and a good story."
76561197961017936,Recommended,220440,10642763,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BURTON,GREAT GAME!
,Recommended,220440,10643187,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Matrioshka,I like pretty much everything about this game besides the platforming and the ending to Vergil's Downfall
76561197992994888,Recommended,220440,10644435,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,emputecido,"Jogão que passou batido à época do lançamento.Jogabilidade excelente e história muito boa, um dos melhores da série. Recomendo."
76561198044018397,Recommended,220440,10627246,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Suave The Conqueror,This game is really fun.
,Recommended,220440,10628594,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Hiowatah,This game is a really fun hack and slash game with so many different combos that just flow seamlessly together.  I haven't played DMC before so I can rate this game on its own without the bias other reviewers may have due to their affliction for prior DMC games.  It is good game play.  That is all you need to know.
,Recommended,220440,30383540,Posted: 7 March,all,Vegan The Hedgehog,Hell Yeah it's a good game! IMO the best Devil May Cry game in the series only riviling with Devil May Cry 3. (Devil May Cry 3 from what I hear doesn't run well on Steam so for now it's best on console.)
76561198034360887,Recommended,220440,4242140,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Alvaro S,"Alucinantemente bueno!! Horas y horas de juego, ya sea en un único nivel de dificultad o haciéndolos todos!! Merece la pena comprarlo ;)"
,Recommended,220440,7789487,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ノア,"A great gaming expirience. Its only flaw is to be part of the Devil May Cry Series .It has some of the most remarkable Level-Designs and Boss Fights. The Soundtrack merges perfectly with the fast and brutal fights.The new Style might bother some, but maybe You should see it as re-imagined DMC.....Like Tim Burtons 1990 Batman and Christopher Nolans new approach. Both are great in its own way.Yet, it isnt always easy to recognize Dante and Vergil trough their actions and Hardcorefans seems to abandon this Title.Too Bad because its is one HELL of a Game."
,Recommended,220440,5051455,"Posted: 27 January, 2013",all,Fusion,"I'm not ashamed to admit when I'm wrong and I must apologize to developer Ninja Theory for my initial hate. They've made me a believer. Simply put: DMC: Devil May Cry is a F*cking blast. Awesome music (Bass! We finally have some Bass in stead of the boring overused guitar riffs), smooth frames, nice graphics and a great story. (saw some threads about the ending though....*Mass Effect 3 flashbacks ..shudder*)Gameplay and controls are spot on ""Easy to play, hard to master"" , I'm getting better and better at juggling enemies in the air whilst switching combos. The game invites you to experiment with different weapons and gives you a grin from ear to ear when you clear a room bad♥♥♥♥♥Dante style. I'm 10 hours in and only half way, but loving every minute of it. If you're a fan of the DMC series: GET IT. Its right up there with the best of the 'em and if they keep up the pace ...dare I say it...might even top DMC 3. Can't wait to see some stellar combo movies from the masters.Bravo Ninja Theory. You've done Dante justice!Edit: Finished the game with 18 hours on the clock on Nephilin mode. I was pulling some really sick combos the more I progressed and it felt really natural. Capcom made the right choise of giving this franchise to NT. Everything felt fresh and I'm definitely gonna give it another run to grab all the secrets and upgrades.Endin was a bit...off, though understandable knowing this is a prequel. DMC 3 is still my favorite, but by a very very small margin. =) Great game!"
,Recommended,220440,10679595,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dukes Man,"Easier than expected after playing DMC3. I couldn't finish DMC3 on ""Normal"" the first time I played through without grinding for upgrades. I think I died 4 times beating this game and most bosses were beat on the first try. The new setup to switch between demon and angel weapons took a while to get used to since I've been playing a lot of Dark Souls (1 & 2) where you would never hit both triggers at once."
,Recommended,220440,10885246,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nathann,"Things to like: It doesn't really matter what you're killing (be it ♥♥♥♥♥♥-faced demons or chainsaw wielding demons) you always find yourself having fun tearing apart whatever gets in your way. The game is also very visually appealing, especially if you like effects similar-ish to God of War. The story is also very compelling. Last but most certainly not least, the one-liners that constantly get shot from Dante's mouth the entire game make everything fun and light-hearted.Things not to like: It might take a little bit to get used to the control scheme on the keyboard."
,Recommended,220440,11799990,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Lex,"Play this game, now!More than a year after DmC was released I finally got around to play it and asked myself: Why haven't you played this awesome game before? Ninja Theory once more showed me, why I think they are one of the coolest, yet often underrated, development teams out there.The controls are easy to learn, the action is fast paced and hack'n'slashy yet never difficult - so be warned, everyone looking for a tough challenge might be a bit disappointed.The visual style and presentation is superb. Even though the plot isn't Oscar-winning material, DmCs story is entertaining and Dante is pretty damn awesome.I haven't played another Devil May Cry before so I can't compare it to the series overall, but that can be a strength. New to the series? Not that into Brawler-Actiongames? The Devil May Cry reboot by Ninja Theory might be a game for you anyway."
76561198049945319,Recommended,220440,10216258,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Psychotic_Chaos,"Devil May Cry is one of my all time favorite game series and when I found that Capcom relinquished the title to ninja theory, I was rather upset.STORYThis game is about Dante and his brother Virgil who are both nephilim (angel and demon cross-breed). Their father, a demon named Sparda, fell in love and developed a secret life with an angel named Eva. The mother was killed and the father banished and torured in Hell. Dante and Virgil, along with a spiritual medium named Kat, seek to destroy the demon lord Mundus who controls humanity with lies, propaganda, and chemicals disquised as soft drinks.INACCURACIESNow let me tell you what upsets me about this. In the originals the brothers were merely half demon half human, Eva was a human. Secondly Sparda sacraficed his power to close the hellgate ending the great war and saving human kind, the parents both died and it isn't really explained how but it is strongly suggested in the first game that Mundus had something to do with it so that part is somewhat accurate. My next point is that [SPOILER ALERT] Mundus is killed in this game when he makes apperances in both the first and the third of the original games (FYI: the third is the prequel to the first) making the killing blow in this game either extremely misrepresented or another story change. About VIrgil, when he first appears in the originals he views humans as beneath him, if he didn't slightly pity them he would loath them. Virgil has no intent on ever working with a human or showing them respect.DISLIKEDNow things I just didn't like about the game (feel free to skip because this is my opinion). I don't like Dante's bad attitude in this game, in the others he was kinder, funnier, and actually cool instead of a wannabe. They give you half your arsenal within the second mission and postpone the devil trigger until half way through. Emphasis on ""give you half your arsenal"" I felt like I hadn't earned a single weapon that I had. The other games made you find your guns through extra puzzles and the melee weapons were only earned after extremely difficult boss fights, the bosses in this game pale in comparison (some had multiple stages). The levels were rather stream lined, once i passed something more than likely I couldn't go back to get it nor could I explore like the other games. I would think that being part angel as well as demon would offer some kind of physical strength but, he cant even throw an axe into the air. The old Dante was throwing enemies, vehicles, and boulders regularly and he was half human.LIKEDDon't get me wrong, I did enjoy the game just not the story or characters. The weapons were pretty cool and mostly originals, aside from classic Rebellion(sword) and his trusty pistols Ebony & Ivory. They did have gauntlets for brawling but, that has litterally been in all of the others. the play style was smooth, though it did seem like I was being hit by things I clearly shouldn't have been. It's basically the play style of DMC4 without the fighting styles. The enemies were more gruesome than ever and over all the game was beautiful.SUMMARYOver all this game is worth playing though I only reccomend it to people who have not played the originals and fallen in love with that story. This could almost pass as a prequel to the third game though that's impossible in my eyes. I give it a 7/10 for the awesome play with the botched lore."
76561198027609866,Recommended,220440,10577235,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TChuk,Excellent!
76561198060766276,Recommended,220440,10577543,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Top Ramen,Fun as heck
,Recommended,220440,10578337,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CooCooCashew,This game is cool in it's own right. If you've ever played a previous DMC you know it a lot of about combos and more skill based. This time the skill comes in traveling. lol seriously... in running through the game you have so many ways to get to a point. sometimes complex ways.  the grapics are okay... i feel they tried too hard. and for some reason the trillionaire guy's hooker looks like she was burt in a fire?
76561198058171378,Recommended,220440,13538463,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Elise Moonsilver,a game that was criticized mostly for the changes they made to the character dante himself. DMC is a reasonable spectacle fighter with a intresting setting and some of the most unique enviroments i have seen in a spectacle fighter. The pc port does have some issues but for the most part i was able to play almost half way through the game using keyboard and mouse with some tweaking. My biggest complaint is the fact that with the acception of a few set areas the game overall does seem to be fairly easy. I personally reccomend playing on the higher difficulties. overall a good time and for you spectacle fighter experts there is plenty of score and combo building to be done and triple s ranks to be earned.presentation 10/10 loved the enviroments and it has the kind of kickass music you would expect to go with it.gameplay 8/10 some moments of repetetivity but for the most part remains intresting.challenge 5/10 with the exception of some set areas the title is mostly on the easy sideport 5/10 You will need to do quite a bit of tweaking if you want to play keyboard and mousestory 7/10 suprisingly intresting with a neat theme to it.overall 35/50reccomended for spectacle fighter fans who are ok with the changes they made to dante as well as willing to put up with a few problems.
,Recommended,220440,13540882,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,SpicyBeefNoodle,"I'm no hardcore devil may cry fan. I don't know the original series/story, I didn't play it on playstation.I liked this game a lot, especially since I played it concurrently with Bayonetta.Pros:-graphics O.O-music @.@-gameplay fluidity, well-lubricated by the angel/demon claws that keep enemies in smacking range-story keeps you really immersed, boss fights are challenging and diverseCons:-combat is slow. relative to some other hack n slashes (I have Bayonetta in mind). In the end the challenge isn't reflexes and reading enemy movements, its learning Dante's frames.-If the only thing keeping combat interesting is 1. adding weapons/techniques to your arsenal and 2. introducing new enemies, nobody's gonna be like ""WOW I WANNA PLAY THAT AGAIN"" upon finishing. Replay value isn't great imo.Nab this on sale."
76561198122741875,Recommended,220440,13526582,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ChewblackDad,Fun
,Recommended,220440,13171411,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Conway West,Super dope pimp♥♥♥♥♥♥would play again.
76561198118918862,Recommended,220440,13088833,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,natk_gelatin,"It's awesome; great gameplay, beautiful art direction and storyline.I really enjoy this game, wish that DMC series will keep on this direction.5/5"
,Recommended,220440,8804418,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Oblivion2500,Amazing game! I totally recommend this game for any hack & slash fans as well as DmC fans. For those who think this game is a not a good reboot is in my opinion wrong. This has a much more clear storyline and explains a ton more than the original DmC series ever did. Dante is pretty badass in this game and enjoyable to listen to. The gameplay is really fun and I had a lot of fun just playing the campaign for this game.
,Recommended,220440,25489496,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,xlxScorpioxlx,"An amazing re-boot of the franchise. Even if I once tought than Emo-Dante was the worst possible Dante ever, the history moves in such a way that make you feel that this is a young version of the awesome Dante that we know. Plus the gameplay it's really sick, the new trigger mechanic it's worth a look."
76561197986153012,Recommended,220440,26325947,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,gaddadam,I have only played an hour but I am hooked!! Graphics and gample are very stylish with a good amount of comedy. Not sure on how repetitive it is going to be yet but lookig forward to it.
,Recommended,220440,8314544,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Corban,I had fun. I only played the first DMC back when it came out on PS2.
76561198068130176,Recommended,220440,8315563,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,caspeer_costel,It takes some getting used to but it's fun after that. I do miss the old ones.
76561197973285155,Recommended,220440,8315798,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,R&D for R&P,great level/combat design. story is ok. great game over all
76561197974390730,Recommended,220440,8347891,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,AcdzBrn,Fast Action Epicness!!!!!!
,Recommended,220440,8349346,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,AmadeusC,"Awesome game, however I have never played any of the previous DMCs so I am judging this as a brand new game rather than basing it on the series itself. Also if you want to be pro at this game and rank up combos, be sure to get a controller."
,Recommended,220440,8419550,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Cuddly Socks,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome
76561198034408411,Recommended,220440,8420828,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,RedEyeRyan,Got to up ther with the best Hit-Em-Up's!Buy This Game!
76561198077816253,Recommended,220440,8421897,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BrotherBear,"Entering and being in Limbo is a visual trip along with the vibrant colours.The ability/weapon uprade system is super flexible since you can take out and put point in whereever you want.This adds alot of variety when it comes to combat, makin it hella fun. Exciting story arc and fluid gameplay.One downside would be the camera angling, but thats nothing compared to what this game offers."
76561198069604713,Recommended,220440,8415018,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,CoLeSlAw,SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,220440,8415990,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bonk4,"Keep in mind that this is a reboot, not a remake, and you'll be fine.Good is that the gameplay mechanics are fun, polished, fast-paced, and very well put together.  I previously beat the game on X-Box, and ported to PC the game runs amazingly and is a very respectable version of the game, probably the superior version in terms of graphical capability, load times, and controls.  Abilities and combos chain together amazing, enemies are fun and challenging to fight, and the game maintains a constantly aggressive visual and audio style that keeps you entertained.The bad is that the story isn't anything notable or well-written, with most of the major plot points coming down to corporations and banks being evil, and the unstoppable perfect protagonist fighting back for pure intentions.  Dante is basically written to be unlikable, with most of his quips not clicking as well as in previous titles.  However, the cutscenes are flashy and entertaining, and the soundtrack is an aggressive electronic metal mix that fits the game perfectly.  Transitions between cutscenes and gameplay are done expertly, and it kind of lets you forget that the writing isn't really that great or notable.Definitely go for this game, it's one of my favorite action fighters of the last generation, with fun gameplay and great visuals, only to be tainted by non-gameplay aspects like hit-or-miss characters and story."
76561198028024236,Recommended,220440,3842486,"Posted: 26 January, 2013",all,Blast,"Новый DmC - это просто щедевральная игра, превосходящая почти во всём предыдущие части. Я ожидал от неё просто отличную игру, но получил нечто большее, чем просто игра. Ninja Theory сделали невероятное:  динамичная боевая система, шикарный сюжет, отличная режисура и прекрасный саундтрек! Это для меня лучший слэшер, в который я когда-либо играл. 10 из 10!"
,Recommended,220440,5542372,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,SpeedComics,"Too short, but still a great game! You shouldn't miss it (i wish i could find a way to mod it =P)"
76561198040841853,Recommended,220440,8182004,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mirkz,"Bought this game a while ago during a sale and it took me a long time to actually play it due to finding DMC4 rather boring and repetitive.This game is full of awesome.From start to finish I enjoyed a good story that kept me engaged in what I was doing. The characters are great, Dante has a kick♥♥♥♥♥attitude that I found quite enjoyable apart from a couple of relatively weak one liners here and there.The graphics and level design was brilliant and it could change up suddenly and this always provided something interesting and fresh with every new level.I never once felt like I was doing a hard slog like I was with DMC4.The moves are kick♥♥♥♥♥and are simple enough to perform with only slight variances to get different results, unlike DMC4 which to me felt like it had a plethora of button combinations that just seemed all over the place. These are much easier to learn and master in this game.I'd give it an easy 9/10 and worth a look into if you're chasing a kick♥♥♥♥♥demon killer action game.Don't go in trying to link it to the Dante everyone knows. It's new, fresh and things will fall into place as the story goes."
,Recommended,220440,7380651,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,OtakuGenin,"El sistema de batallas es uno de los mejores que he visto en la saga. El hecho de poder atraer y acercarse a los enemigos, permite que puedas continuar los combos y que los combates sean más fluidos. Como en todos los DMCs la variedad de estilos es bastante extensa y siempre me pasa con estos juegos, que tengo taaaantas cosas, no se que usar... XD. Aspectos criticables serían su poca duración, a mi parecer pocos gefes finales. El argumento es algo flojucho y predecible, destacar que el protagonista es bastante carismático. El título es rejugable con varias dificultades, diseños y logros desbloqueables.Generalmente me ha parecido un buen juego. No he jugado a fondo los anteriores títulos, por lo que no puedo opinar sobre si es un buen reboot de la saga. Me ha costado un 75% más barato y me ha gustado bastante! =D"
76561198062474326,Recommended,220440,10564011,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,shiros,Awesome
,Recommended,220440,7418030,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,WatchKyle,This DMC is by far the most stylish of the hack & slash series a must buy if your a hack and slash fan!
76561198010233225,Recommended,220440,10558178,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Vahnatai,"Having been a fan of DmC 4 and not familiar with all the previous games, this so-called reboot of the series felt really good to me."
,Recommended,220440,10589418,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Thomas The Dank Engine,"Really good game. Fast pace, fun to fight waves of demons, and a good story line."
,Recommended,220440,25539808,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,cpgrungebob,"The story is pretty good, the fighting mechanics are great and the music is amazing hard rock and metal. Will continue on with the DLC on a future date, but well worth the fun and entertainment I have had over the last couple days... Wish I had played it sooner. I would grade it as a B+."
76561198117634878,Recommended,220440,25683544,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Jodi Arias,Amazing.
,Recommended,220440,25643920,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Big Succe,"The story was iffy and somewhat cliche, they completely changed the designs of previous characters that remain in this game, dialogue wasn't very good, but the gameplay definitely takes the cake.Ninja theory nailed the gameplay of the game, making previous mechanics feel somewhat smoother and giving a bit more intensity that heavily influenced skill and tactics, even manipulating this bias towards skillful play in making boss battles unique and difficult.All in all, DMC isn't a good Devil May Cry by any standards except for overall gameplay, but its a DAMN fine game that you should try out if there's a sale or you have $30 lying around"
,Recommended,220440,25570768,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,RichGrohL,Great and solid game if you can get it working.Be warned! Never play this game if you have DS4windows application installed. You'll get sudden FPS drops and stutters if you have that. I played this game with DS4 controller using Inputmapper app instead.
,Recommended,220440,27440794,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Schneider,Dante in shorthair!!! ><
,Recommended,220440,16767176,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mr. DeWitt,Very good game.
,Recommended,220440,27449504,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Apagaming,10/10 Best Fighting Game
76561198198542275,Recommended,220440,27397400,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kiriyalow,Not bad
76561197962516699,Recommended,220440,27350661,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Super.Genius,"I haven't finished the game yet, nor have I played any of the previous Devil May Cry games, but I've enjoyed what I've played so far. If you enjoy the Hack'n'Slash genre, you'll probably enjoy this game. It has a lot going for it, but the basic controls aren't overwhelming. Rather than standard quicktime events, DmC opts for allowing the player to discover what to do next.Pros:* Plethora of combo/weapon options are gradually introduced* Characters are more or less believable and likeable* Doesn't pretend to be anything more than it is: a hack'n'slash for young men* No attempt to satisfy concerned parents concerning sexual / violent contentCons:* Storyline is almost completely linear* If you don't like trying to remember combos, the controlls can feel a bit demanding* Graphics seem a little dated, but only at certain points."
76561198062584626,Not Recommended,220440,27216391,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fireshock[FiZe],"I mean the gameplay is fun...it's story though, it's boring."
,Recommended,220440,24756393,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,KyleN7,"In all honesty, this is a great game, let alone a great Devil May Cry game. While the new Dante is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the original Dante, it doesn't drag this game down at all. Combat is great, graphics are beautiful and the story is quite good, predictable, but good overall. I hope Capcom does another Devil May Cry game sometime in the future, but with the original Dante. That would be awesome."
76561198005293268,Recommended,220440,24771083,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,DeathWing,the reviews dont lie very good.
76561198058521619,Recommended,220440,25044232,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Spartan00131,I hade mixt feelings about playing a reboot of DMC after having played all the previous games but surprisingly I liket it a lot.Ps playing as Virgil is awesome(Virgils Downfall) they should make a full game with Vergil as the protagonist XD.
76561198061483210,Recommended,220440,25037721,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,U MAD BRO?,You don't ♥♥♥♥ with a god
,Recommended,220440,25005678,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Roboticpizza,10/10 need another
,Recommended,220440,25003634,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,sir.dre,One of the greatest games I ever played. The sound effects are epic and fighting style got me hooked.
76561198038261897,Recommended,220440,23051080,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,ShadyWizard,"Great reboot of the series. I felt the combat mechanics were fresh and interesting. I enjoyed the story, though it didn't really inbody the original DMC nerrative and may be subjective."
,Recommended,220440,3564784,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Mattnificent,HIS HAR ITS BLACK WTF I'M OUT ♥♥♥♥♥ES ♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥9/10.
,Recommended,220440,9813645,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Baron von Arthur,"As much as I love the original Devil May Cry series by Capcom, I do not see as many issues as people seem to let others believe there are. Sure, Dante looks different but it's a new generation of the character for a new era. Inside jokes for hardcore fans are actually not slaps to the faces of fans, nor insulting hand gestures, but instead silly puns that are meant to make you think something may not happen even though you may know the truth. The combat feels as epic and over-the-top, but more fluid, the story is generally not that vastly different. Dante feels like a younger version of the same character, character progressions happens, something had to make him into the Dante we loved in the original games. The game is more brilliant than some jerkoff fans make it seem, they're just too much of hardasses with their uncomfortable chairs and heat too high so they blow things out of proportion.+ Devil May Cry returns+ Dante becomes more likeable as you progress+ Epic weapons+ Awesome combat+ Some brilliant nod-offs+ Funny inside-jokes+ Great art design for enemies+ Puzzles are actually puzzling sometimes+ You still get graded and feel even more rewarded than in the previous titles+ New but familiar to hardcore fans+ Some pretty kicka$$ tunes on the soundtrack+ Some fantastic new characters+ Classic Dante skin- Dante looks pretty stupid, compared to his old self- Some of the story is ridiculous to hardcore fans- Some horrible, new characters- Unnecassary changes to returning characters- Some of the soundtrack includes bad tracks"
76561198172838775,Recommended,220440,24693351,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Licker ßarzopi,DmC is lit !
76561198115535970,Recommended,220440,14822715,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,gcmm3,"I have to say that I am not usually one that can or even will sit and play a game for hours on end. Thats being said. I can't seem to pull my self away from this game! the story line is fantastic along with the controls and game play being easy to learn thus allowing more more time to simply enjoy playing. I have yet to play the other DMC games, but if they are half as much fun as this one has been then I am looking forward to them."
76561197987769453,Recommended,220440,14824798,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Marxen ✝,Amazing
76561197980197940,Recommended,220440,14832485,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,asthepenguinflies,"So, I have to say I was worried about this one based on the initial reaction when ""hipster Dante"" was unveiled, and a couple early play-throughs attacked the campy tone. If those are your concerns, don't worry about it.I can't say ""hipster Dante"" was much of an issue for me in terms of enjoying the game goes, and the campiness was pitch-perfect for a game about a half-demon, half-angel who takes on an ""immortal"" demon that killed his mother and imprisoned his father. Seriously, if people were expecting fine literature, they were the problem, not the game. There were a few times where I got annoyed with the camera, and I can't say the color-coded enemies were my thing, but overall it was well worth my discounted summer-sale money. It's not $50 of game in my opinion, and I'm not going to stay up pondering the story, or what it all means, but with 10+ hours of gameplay, and the main storyline completed, I can actually see myself coming back and playing at higher difficulties just for kicks, and I haven't done that since DMC1. So that's saying something.Buy it on sale, and just embrace it for what it is—a silly romp through a ""hellish"" city, driven by a wisecracking lead with a heart of gold, and a tendancy to be vulgar."
76561198062634826,Recommended,220440,14708556,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Letnzle,fantastic game :)
76561198081329482,Recommended,220440,6978209,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,Cock Blocktimus Prime,"I recently replayed this game on the PS3 and had to update my review, and why I like the PC version best. This game has been out for awhile now but it is still one of my favorites in the genre. The best DmC game this game has fast action a deep combat system with incredible control, Great graphics, awesome level design and one of the best soundtracks from modern day gaming, it has an upbeat soundtrack with a mix of instumental metal and lyrical music. Unlike the past DmC games however, the PC port shines bright and barely feels like a port. It feels like this game was meant to be played on the PC. If you are a fan of the genre, this is a must have game."
,Recommended,220440,14686696,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,vandamw,"Pro - Extremely enjoyable combat, gorgeous graphics, serene platforming, excellent voice acting, perfect soundtrack, creative art style, entertaining storytelling.Con - Dante isn't my prom date :'("
,Recommended,220440,14844589,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Clenchmask,Having followed the series since the original on Ps2 this is probably my 2nd favorite Devil May Cry game after the original.
,Recommended,220440,2153635,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,WeefyWick,♥♥♥♥ you
76561198025785261,Recommended,220440,14860580,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,swordsage,"Great action game... just make sure to pretend the other games don't exist.DmC was a game that had a whole lot of attention around it when it first came out... as well as a whole lot of hate and hurt feelings. After all, this was the next in a series of (mostly) great action games put out by Capcom, games known for their hype stylish combat, likable, over the top characters, and visceral difficulty, and yet the new developers Ninja Theory were changing things up a bit, with a complete make over of the characters, looks and personality-wise. Some people didn't mind the change. Others were... much less accepting, to say the least. So the game was released to some vitriol, with major fans of the previous games vowing never to sully themselves by even glancing at it. But does DmC deserve the scorn it got from the more rabid fans?Honestly... no. DmC is actually a pretty fun and well done action game, one of the better ones I've played. It has just about everything you'd want; tight controls, fun moves to perform, crazy combos to pull off, fun (if somewhat cliche) characters, fantastic graphics, and a decent enough story. As a fan of the past Devil May Cry games (the 3rd being my personal favorite), I enjoyed it... as long as I pretended that it has just about nothing to do with the others. Frankly, it kind of doesn't anyway.DmC is basically a re-imagining of the Devil May Cry series and its characters, and it does this in a big way. The main protagonist, Dante, is no longer sporting the neck length white hair he used to, nor does he seem as devil may care (though that part of his personality is still there). Now he looks more like a 90's grunge rocker, with short black hair, and more rumpled clothing (though he still has a long, red, overcoat). He also seems to act more like a ""magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" than a wisea$$ in this game, though the wisea$$ antics still come out at times. This change was pretty much the focus of the rage people had with the game, but to be fair, when one looks at the story and the world this game has, it works. The old Dante would not have fit into this darker, more cynical world that Ninja Theory crafted, and the game would have suffered for it. Basically, the story is a retelling and renewed origin story for Dante and his twin brother Vergil, and their place in the world they happen to inhabit; it's a somewhat darker, more cynical tale, with some rather sharp commentary on current American society (complete with a Pat O'Reilly stand in), but told with some the over the top camp that one tends to see in a decent late night b movie on HBO. There is still a lot of the zany antics and insane moments that one comes to expect from the Devil May Cry series (complete with Dante just going along with the demon invasions and high level property damage like it's just another day in the park for him, as well as the casual way he jumps around and dodges damage in cut scenes), just done with a different style than some might be used to.Let's get into why the game is good: the gameplay itself, and the presentation. Ninja Theory has proven before that they know how to do action, and this game continues that tend. They pretty much streamlined the combat from past games, and it works VERY well here. The controls are tight and responsive, with all your attacks ready to go at a moments notice. You basically have up to 5 different weapons ready to go during combat (your sword, your guns, a quick ""angelic"" weapon, a heavy ""demonic"" weapon, and a grapple hook type tool that can either pull enemies towards you, or you to them), and you can switch between them while wreaking havoc on the demonic abominations in your way. You can combine attacks pretty much any way you want, so combos are pretty much limited to your imagination. The better your combos, the more points you get to level up your weapons and attacks, as well as giving you the ability to buy new ones to use. You also find new weapons to use along the way that can also be leveled up with new attacks, so you'll always have a large variety of techniques at your disposal.All this is wrapped in a rather pretty package: the graphics are well done, with vibrant colors and well imagined designs. Honestly, I think some of the designs here are better than things I've seen in the older games (such as Dante's sword and pistols... I really do think they look better than the old ones). The limbo that Dante gets pulled in is always very interesting to look at, with some rather wild looking locals that show a level of imagination I don't really see in a lot of AAA titles... that, and the fact that vibrant colors were used in the first place.The story itself was decent, though somewhat cliche... we've pretty much seen this tale told before (the world and humans are secretly being ruled by hidden masters, the hero is a special ""half-breed"" destined to overthrow the evil masters, but has to come to grips with who he is). It's told competently enough however, so I have no real complaints... other than one pet peeve I have about what what Dante and Vergil are supposed to be. In this game, they are half angel, half demon, and are called nephalim. That was really the only thing in the game that made me grind my teeth, since that's NOT what a nephalim is. A nephalim is actually the offspring of an angel and a HUMAN, not an angel and a demon, Yes, I know, a minor thing, but it still annoyed the hell out of me. If you're going to use old mythic terms, Ninja Theory, do it right!Overall, I found DmC to be very enjoyable, and I'm glad I picked it up when I did. The gameplay is tight, the action is great, the graphics are pretty damn good, and the story, while not completely original, is still pretty entertaining, and even funny at times. The Dante in this game may not be the Dante of old, but as long as you come to terms with that and take him for what he is in this game (or just pretend he's someone else altogether, just some other dude with the same name), you'll find this game is certainly worth your time. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,220440,7439303,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,¤ Alba,"Personal Rating : Solo (85%) , Multi (--%)."
,Recommended,220440,14679773,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Fury Angel,Wanna feel like a complete BadAss!? Great music and gameplay. 10/10
76561197992407096,Recommended,220440,14596011,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,evil_noodles,"So DmC: Devil May Cry is a hark back to the old slash'em-ups of old. This one has a delightfully agressive modern twist, which I loved! The style, and the execution of the combat and environments were done perfectly and whilst I found the story lacking I did enjoy the characters.Shame the mobs were a bit generic, but all in all a decent game. (Oh yeah, controller is a MUST)."
76561198007559503,Recommended,220440,2452966,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,The Blue Murloc,Quit ♥♥♥♥♥ing and enjoy the reboot of great fun time and more human leveled Dante!
,Recommended,220440,14795580,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Zouct,Great game makes me nostalgic for the old ones its a must play for anyone who loves a hack and slash or has palyed the previous games!
76561197970742305,Recommended,220440,12254547,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Sole,"Nothing revolutionary but fun, fluid, and well done."
,Recommended,220440,5692154,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,John.Rorse,good combo. rapid movement and very interesting story
,Recommended,220440,60230,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Rucent,"Ignore all the crybabies, this game is a solid beat 'em up."
,Recommended,220440,14005760,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Bipolar Sloth,"I was very skeptic about this game, is the first time NT had a franchise this big in their hands, but man they really did their job, this is my favorite DMC to date, is even on top of DMC3 which was one of my favorite games ever, one thing NT does flawlessly in this game is the art, this game is gorgeous, the art direction in this game is outstanding, but that's not a surprise for me since I think NT is one of the best studios in this department, it was the gameplay the only thing that made me doubt about this game, and well NT proved themselves this is a pretty solid H&S it lacks the fighting styles introduced in DMC3 but this game still manages to be deep gameplaywise.The reinterpretation of the franchise is a total success kudos to NT, i hope people buy this game, don't get confused by the ""otaku"" haters of DMC, i hope the occidental DMC is here to stay."
76561198014251455,Recommended,220440,14039328,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ss4orion,nice hack and slash dmc style even though it is made by different people its got an alright story and playthrough
76561197978188749,Recommended,220440,782022,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,DrunkHobo,CUHRAYZEE
76561198001240073,Recommended,220440,9839389,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Phantom,"After the horrendous uproar that the community gave this game due to the different setting (i believe this was meant to be a reboot of Dante's past, or set in an alternate world.... lets not go there), and the standard 7-9.5's reviews that the game got, here it is. As a past DMC player i will try to keep my bias out of it, but here we goPros:Combat as fun and fluid (combat feels slightly different from other DMC's due to design team going with a brawling style, however it is worked well into the weapons and movesets)Movement controls are great (easy to control on both Mouse and Keyboard, or a controller)Nice assortment of weapons, and can switch easily between them (5 melee, 3 guns)Interesting enemy design (although some later variants can suffer from red/blue versions)Interesting story (besides standard only we can save the world plot hole)Amazing level designsVoice acting is greatMusic suits the game and the environment (more 'techno-y' then past titles)Alot of replayabilityMany difficulty settings (including our favourite hell and hell)Cons:Red enemies only get damaged by demon weapons, blue with angel (can break the flow of combat and feels like a lazy enemy design, even though they have some different movesets)Some of the wisecracks seem just childishVergils Downfall DLC is pretty bare, and it doesn't allow vergil to be used in the standard game or bloody palace (minus modding it)Need to download Bloody Palace (aka:battle royal), even though it is free.Past DMC bias (yes we knew this was coming)Skill rank only goes down when hit, making the elusive SSS rank very easy to getVery easy to stay in the air, makes people feel epic, but is simple to do due to the psuedo ""harpoon"" moveNinja Theory put a very bad joke about the community uproar in the game, seems so stay a few seconds too long for my liking.If you go into this as a past DMC player with the expectation of the old dante, you will be dissapointed.If you want to enjoy a great hack+slash with good controls, combat, music and a decent story, it is definitely worth it.I generally avoid all the ratings that are given to games due to how the reviews work (how can they have AWARDS BEFORE THEY ARE RELEASED), so i would say if you like hack+slash's, you will love this game, if you want to get into/try a hack+slasher, this game will allow you."
,Recommended,220440,11766842,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,deadward,"The game really is just pure fun to play. On a high end PC, the game looks amazing in cut scenes and in the fast-paced combat. If you are an action game fan, you owe it to yourself to own DmC. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,220440,11752104,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Commandant Shepard,"I really enjoyed this game.The gameplay is fast-paced (obv.), and combats are dynamic (switching between angel/demaon weapons).However, it got me a little bored towards the end. I guess we have to many weapons too fast without enough variety.Musics are really cool, art direction is amaaazing. I find Ninja Theory really renewed the series."
,Recommended,220440,13519408,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Babs,"Best hack and slash game, on par with the God of War franchise."
76561198042567026,Recommended,220440,4858896,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,IYIarco,ive always loved this game ;D
,Recommended,220440,13513802,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,The Gimpy Lazy Jew,Great reminder of how hack and slash games should be.
,Recommended,220440,15015843,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,GrumpyFoxi,One of the best games I ever played. I know some of the old DMC fans don't like it but I Believe its worth a shot.
,Recommended,220440,15009399,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,kefir,"Starting off, I am not a big DMC buff. I've played DMC4 and I enjoyed that, mashing buttons trying to string sweet combos together was fun but that's all the series is to me.This is pretty much the same thing to me, mashing those buttons in the best possible sequence while feeling immensly poweful. The combat is really fluent and the animations are spot on. I've heard complaints about the combat mechanics not being very deep, I wouldn't know anything about that though as it's deep enough for me, and from what I expected coming into the game only having played DMC4 before.The graphics are excellent and i have nothing to complain about in that department. The levels are all pretty varied and there's enough variety among the enemies to keep the game from feeling repetetive. The soundtrack however does not suit me at all, I loathe the dubstep crap and the electrified metal♥♥♥♥♥♥that they blast in my ears trying to get me pumped for combat.The story and the protagonist are also weak points in the game for me. Neither are compelling at all and it feels like they've been written by forty year old japanese men trying to tune in to what's hip among the kids these days. Everything from the haircut to the punchlines and the music is very corny. The cinematic bits in the game are very well crafted though and i could bare to watch them even though the story never really managed to lure me in.All in all it's a robust spectacle fighter , it doesn't bring anything new to the genre and it's horrible at all, it's was an average experience. I would still recommend the game if you can get in on a sale for around $10."
76561198010891362,Recommended,220440,14920291,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,NecroticMask,"I liked it! It's campy, it's over the top, the boss fights are pretty awesome, and I liked it! It still holed true the rediculousness that is Devil May Cry even with a redesign of the characters.  And really, in my opinion, the redesign isn't terrible, I mean, it could have been WAY worse than what it is. He could have been bald. So there's that."
,Recommended,220440,15086782,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Glockjump,"Great game, Already smashed two computer screens, 11/10 would smash another screen"
,Recommended,220440,15070658,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,CoCoNO,"I would not have touched the Devil May Cry fanchise if this game didn't existPeople bich and moan that this game is terrible, that is not true, it may not be &quot♥♥♥♥♥good"" as other DMC games but still pretty gutIf anything else play the god damn game by yourself and come to your own conclusion"
,Recommended,220440,14383813,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Whores are just public toilets,Couldn't ♥♥♥♥ Kat/10
,Recommended,220440,6716349,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Reaper,best devil may cry ever!
,Recommended,220440,14083076,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Leviathon,10/10 Never gonna Surrender.
,Recommended,220440,14070235,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,you're a plague,"True Hack-'n-Slash. Awesomely delivered, with thrilling combos!"
,Recommended,220440,20797069,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,NWG_SuperSoldier,KARLOR CAN ♥♥♥♥ ANYTHING! AND HE WILL AND HAS!!!WOMEN!DEVILS !ANGELS!ANIMALS!
,Recommended,220440,21128594,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SilentChill,"Win10, i7, 860m 4GB, 16GB RAMThe second time i wanted to play it gives an error message.this is how i fix that CTD error :a) Go To : C:\Users\""user name""\Documents\My Games\UnrealEngine3\DevilGameb) open the QlocConfig.ini using notepad, delete all settings inside, leaving the ini file empty.c) set the emptied QlocConfig.ini as read only.With the fix, i am finally able to run the game smoothly.GAMEPLAY review : very addicting combo fest, been playing for hours non stop because the demon slashing was too satisfying. (since i'm only go for ""human"" , gaming experience on other difficulty settings may be different)"
,Recommended,220440,21262200,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,ShAaRkDusT,"Muito bom, muito bom mesmo. Jogabilidade otima, graficos otimos, história otima hahahaha vale a pena jogar."
76561198019816685,Not Recommended,220440,21257483,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Brindle,i know i am in the minority but i uninstalled after 4th mission as this game is just one long string of platform jumping puzzles that I found very tedious to execute with mouse/pc controller.
,Recommended,220440,21087758,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Yougo Reyes,This is the perfect combination of epic gameplay and an AWESOME storyline.10/10
76561198130840334,Recommended,220440,21164090,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Riot_54,"Great game if you are into the ""Beat Em' Up"" and ""Hack And Slash"" style of games. A ton of action!Heavy metal soundtrack goes perfect with the game.The fast-paced combat system seems to focus a lot on the timing of attacks and being able to know what to use and how to defeat certain enemies. It also works around a variety of weapons that you can customize/add perks to. The combat moves/abilities for each weapon may seem a bit easy to learn but gets hard to master. With the ability to swap weapons while in the middle of combat, possibilities for combos are endless.Wicked storyline.9/10"
,Recommended,220440,21084404,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Maxym,Me and my brother are fans of the DMC series. My brother hates new Dante and i've bought the game to see if it's good.Now i don't have brother.10/10 would ruin brothership again.
76561197969439728,Recommended,220440,20991717,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Caanan,"At first glance, I wasn't sure what to think of this game. I'm really glad that I got over that and gave this game a try.Not the most difficult DMC ever, but the gameplay is solid, the story is great, and the noisia parts of the soundtrack were phenomenal.You should try it. Especilly when its on super discount."
76561198115694710,Recommended,220440,21022558,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Drake Hexenjager,"I love this game! Yes it has it's problems (my biggest one was the controls for PC) but it's terrible script just makes it more funnydante""♥♥♥♥ you""succubus""♥♥♥♥ you!""dante""♥♥♥♥ you""succubus""fuuuuuucccccckkkkkkkkkkk yyyyyyyoooooouuuuuu""...... nuf said"
,Recommended,220440,21154986,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Amitilt,"New Dante sucks but a cool standalone game, awsome soundtrack, fun combat system."
,Recommended,220440,21747670,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Scrappy Coco,"its a good game, I like it, but there's a small problem.Everytime i try running it with my steam controller, it crashes. After a good hour or so of googling, I found out it can be fixed.First, plug in your controller, turn it on and make sure its running. Then go to ""My Documents"" or ""Documents"", get into ""my games"", ""UnrealEngine3"", and delete all the files in the ""DevilGame"" folder. NOT the folder itself, I haven't done it but rather not try. so yea.....if you didn't know I hope this was helpful. If anyone else know any other fix to this problem, don't hesitate to hit me up with a steam message. Oh and btw you will have to do this fix everytime before you get into the game so yea its quite annoying but the only way to fix it I've known so far."
76561198077105794,Recommended,220440,21775601,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Nursing Student,"This brought back my good memories of the DMC series. Powerful weapons, stylish moves, amazing enemies, gargantuan boss battles. A must play if you were a fan of the original games.Bravo Ninja Theory. Bravo."
76561198056521392,Recommended,220440,21898476,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Frizbee,"This game is one of THE BEST Hack and Slashers I've ever played. As a Devil May Cry game, compared to the originals, don't expect the old games. This game is a complete reboot of the series, from the look of Dante, to the story of the game. If you go into this game expecting the old games, you'll be disappointed as far as the characters and story, but if you go into this game never playing a DMC game or wanting something new from the series, YOU WILL LOVE IT. Mechanics are very smooth, combat and combos are satisfying and, as a new take on the story, It is very good. As someone who only watched my father play the old DMC games(myself), 9/10, as someone who grew up and played all the previous DMC games(my father), 8/10."
76561198008815791,Recommended,220440,21894418,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DamnImDead,"Not sure where I was getting this idea that this game was bad, probably from Angry Joe Show. But the game itself isnt bad at all with a list below-The story is altered with Dante's mother being an angel instead of human from the previous games and the whole nephilim Diablo 3 rip off.-Dante's different attitiude but since its a younger version of Dante he still has not hit puberty yet.-Combat still the same with new weapons and same fast change your move set up action.-Music is actually good if your into the Metal genre to get you pumped during fights and I thought it was dub step which I am not a fan of which kinda stopped me from buying in the past.-The hell happened to Kat in the other DMCs?With all that said, I give the game a 7 of 10"
,Recommended,220440,21772780,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PsychedelicBoogy,The soundtrack was fantastic.
76561198174812697,Recommended,220440,18022278,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Queenie1859,I spent a day and a half on one boss8/10
76561198046193942,Recommended,220440,18233371,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Vili Sajgonka,"This game has made it to the TOP 10 of the best games I've ever played. Unique and colorful graphics along with the awesome soundtrack create a specific atmosphere. The level design is top class -each one of the maps is totally different, offering different kinds of the challenges. The same could be told about the enemies requiring different approach and the combat system, which is easy to learn, but hard to master. The interesting storyline, the dozens of additional challenges, gamemodes etc and the addictive fights make DmC one of the games you want to come back to, even if you are not this series fan. 9+/10"
76561198060013346,Recommended,220440,6148009,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,HalfFavy,Haven't finished it yet but at three hours in I have to say this is my favorite devil may cry game yet
,Recommended,220440,8680135,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,woodiland,"DmC: Devil May Cry, a reboot of a popular game series, mentas a retelling of Dante's Origin and capture a new audiencewhile staying true to it's nature.While managed to♥♥♥♥♥♥off some of the fans by changingDante's look completely, did this game manage to capturethe heart of a non-DmC fan? I've never played anyDmC games before, and has never paid any attentionto this game series.So here's a review from a person whos first interaction withthe Devil May Cry series is this game.---ABOUT---In this retelling of Dante's story of origin, you play as, obviouslyDante. A young guy who spends his day punking around,sleeping with women and drinking. He knows heisn't a normal human, but knows he ain't like other demons either.One morning he get's visited by this, street-goth-witch girl,who tells him ""omg they no u r here!"", and dante get's thrown intolimbo, later he meets up with a guy called Virgil and ""joins""an establishment called ""The Order"", so to kill Mondus the greatdemon and free humanity. It's much cooler than what I makeit sound like.---REVIEW---I was sceptical to this game, because I've never been a big fanof the series and never had an interest for it. The reason I let itgo 1 year before playing this game.But I have to say, this game surprized me big time.One thing I really have to praise this game for, is it'slevel design. I've rarely played a game with thislevel of design-visual awesomeness.The graphics are good, decent, there's some parts wherethe textures takes it's good time to load, and sometextures could be better and some objects couldhave more polygons in it, but the graphics are good.But what really makes the visual aspect of this game shine,is as mentioned, the level design. Whenever Dante get'sthrown into limbo, the enviroments around him get's distorted,teared apart, rearranged, it's as if this game goes ""♥♥♥♥ physics,we're going to make it look awesome"". And it does look awesome.During some levels the enviroment around you, the levelyou're in, will change while you're playing, bringing alot ofimpressive visuals.One thing this game does really good, is the combat andgameplay. This game is pure fun to play.It is a hack & slash, mashed in with tactics and awesomecombo play. The game does well not making you feellike you're just repeating moves and combos. The gamewill give you one weapon and one ability, when you getused to it, they throw you a new weapon and new ability,mixing it up and keeping the combat fresh while notoverwhelming you with all kinds of weapons, abilities and combos.During the game you will earn points, which you can spend onitems or upgrading your weapons, giving you new abilitiesand combo moves. You can do some really awesomecombos in this game, and it's pure fun.The enemies comes in different sizes and kinds, with their ownattack moves and abilities. Some enemies only takedamage from demon weapons, and some only takesdamage from angelic weapons, making it so thatyou have so switch up your play style and tryingout new things.During each level, you'll get rated by a point system,based on Style (you get better style by usingdifferent combos and weapon abilities),time and level completion. Your scorewill be posted on a scoreboard, pitting yourscore up against the world and other friendsin your Steam List. You can replay any missionwhenever you want and how many times you wantso you can try and get a better score, beating yourfriends and make a real OCD completion.The soundtrack in this game is superb, and fitsreally well with the combat and game settings.The soundtrack is a mash of dubstep,drum&bass, house and metal.The story in this game (from a standpoint of someonewho has no previous clue of the history of DmC)is a good story. You'll be interested in seeing it to theend, and the game places some plot-twists in thereaswell. But the gem of this game is the awesomedesign-visuals and it's combat.You'll get a lot of value for your 39€ in this game.You'll use around 10 hours to complete this gameonce, and that's with you looking in every cornerfor items and exploring everything of the levels,but the real value comes in re-playability.The game offers you a number ofdifficulty levels available after you complete thisgame the first time, and you'll have a reason to replay this game.As mentioned, you'll progressivly get new weaponsand abilities through out this game, and every levelhas areas closed off untill you get that specific ability,so once you have all the weapons and abilities,these areas will be available for you to unlock, giving youreason to go back to previous levels to get a 100% OCD completion.You'll also might go back to replay some missions to geta better score, climbing higher on the leaderboardand beating your steam friends.And try some of those higher difficulty levels.After you've completed the gameyou'll also unlock a game modecalled Bloody Palace Mode. A game mode whereyou'll fight off waves of enemies while making sureyour time does not run out. You'll also get ranked here,and get your score on a leaderboard.With all these unlockable game additions andsuperb re-playability this game offers you,you'll get a ton of value and many hoursfor your 39€.I really have no major complaints about this game,the only thing are some of those textures andlack of polyons, and the camera controlls might bea pain a few times, nothing game breaking, butI've had some minor difficulties moving the cameraaround during some parts of the game.---CONCLUTION---+Ton of value for your money+Superb combat+Impressive design-visuals+Cool soundtrack-Minor problems with the camera controlls-Some few bad textures and lack of polygonsGraphics: 8.0/10Audio: 9.0/10Story: 8.0/10Gameplay: 10/10Value: 9.0/10Score: 8.8/10"
76561198034675361,Recommended,220440,16858472,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,IzzyGood,Fun cinematic fighter
,Not Recommended,220440,17418077,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,DeWud???-,this game sucks...
76561198056585424,Recommended,220440,5981791,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Mad_Lesh,"Это очень классная игра! Хотя я уверен что она далеко не всем понравиться! Ноона заставила меня вспомнить старые добрые времена когда я все свои игры проходил  минимум по пять раз! Сейчас я конечно так не делаю, но DMC!Я пройду её не один раз это точно!"
,Recommended,220440,20016921,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sam Hyde,Killing demons is my favorite. Right next to Nazis and Kebabs.10/10 edgy as ♥♥♥♥
76561198065372578,Recommended,220440,20053734,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,BUTTBOOGER,"Another so called 'Reimagining' or 'Reboot' that seems to be catching on now a days... But despite that it does a good job of beeing a respectful and faithful adaptation to an otherwise beloved ""Devil May Cry' series. Hardcore fans will appreciate the subtle nod to the original while maintaining its own unique identity. Just Reminder though.... Pollish the skills on the controler. These games arent made for keyboard mashing."
76561197987661917,Recommended,220440,20108046,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,hemoglobin,This game is absolutly amazing. The way the action and story is directed is some of the best I've ever seen in a video game. That includes games like Uncharted and Last of Us. Simply fantastic. BUY!
,Recommended,220440,20192292,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Lord Mooseling,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game! It's simly Moosegasmic!
,Recommended,220440,19979968,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Avihay1989,bugs with controller/keyboard and camerafix please !!**UPDATE***need to putdinput8.dllin the dmc.exe directory to play thiswhy I need to solve this on my own
,Recommended,220440,20180178,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,OshiX,"I have played this game non-steam several times and a few times on Steam, I love the game. Like most other Devil May Cry fans, I did not like anything about this game. I hated this Dante, I hated the style of the game play, I hate the design, I hated everything about it. But after playing it through, it grew on me.This is a good hack and slash game. It has good graphics and gameplay and really a good story. But it still isn't a good addition to the Devil May Cry saga, imo. This is because it's just really not a Devil May Cry game. It's a fun game about killing demons named DmC...not DMC...Devil May Cry is very anime-esque in style and story really. It's not so serious. DmC: Devil May Cry, tried to be a little too serious and in the process became not a DMC game.IMO, they kind of poked fun at the original Dante character design from time to time as well and were really anti-DMC. They went as went so far in the opposite direction of the original DMC. Short black stylish hair, denim coat, a sleaker sword, and making him basically a surly criminal.The same can be said of Virgil. Basically a geek with a sword. Only in the end did he actually become the cool villain, Virgil. But he's far from being that cold villain we know from the other games."
,Recommended,220440,4699155,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,CTRL+FU,"Only Devil May Cry game I've ever finished, even though I've owned them all.  This game is simply awesome, and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,220440,7391376,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Ninja VANISH,"Not quite a ""hardcore"" hack n' slash but I found it very enjoyable! Too much platforming time though, too little fighting. 7.5/10"
76561198135076689,Recommended,220440,20206163,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Zoom,"Thanks holiday sale 2015, 10/10 perfect game"
