user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,220700,7748611,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Vindicator,"If you're a complete beginner at making games, this is a fantastic place to start.  There are tooltips for practically everything to hold your hand with anything that isn't already straightforward enough.On the other hand, if you already know programming you can try your hand at scripting completely custom game systems.Lastly, you get a commercial license for everything which alone pays for the product if you ever intend to try to sell one of your creations."
76561197999199323,Recommended,220700,12834103,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Strontium Dingo,"This software is an excellent introduction to game-making. While many people don't like RPG Maker games, it's still a great way to start your game development journey - or just to sate your hobbyist tendencies!I recommend this without reservation - I may never release a game for public, but I love writing short little in-joke games for my family and friends.For instance, I once wrote a short Kingdom Hearts-themed game for my daughter, which also used characters/settings from Beyond Good And Evil and Final Fantasy 7 and 8. As I understand it, under the terms of the RPG Maker license, the game I wrote WOULD NOT be allowed to be released (even as a fan creation) without paying for all of those character's usage rights - but I didn't make it to sell, I made it for my daughter. And SHE loved it.PROS:- Easy to use.- Fairly easy to understand.- Anyone who's fiddled with game editors before should feel right at home.- Plenty of tutorials available.- Great, helpful community, especially on the official website and forums - this was the main selling point for me.- Design is modular (meaning you can work on one aspect of your project at a time, or all at once)- Don't like the Final Fantasy Style battles? Find and download a battle engine to change it to something more like the Zelda games!- Importing custom data (inc. sound and graphics) COULD NOT BE EASIER.- The asking price *includes* a license, meaning you can legally sell your RPG Maker VX Ace game the second you've made it! (there are some understandably strict caveats to this, though)- includes a character maker, ideal for those of us who suck at art (like me).- ACTIVE devs and community!- Don't have the sprite/sound/script/whatever that you want? Try requesting it in the official forums - chances are, somone else has already requested it!- One of the few pieces of software that I own that has NEVER crashed.- Steam Cards! Hey, it matters to me. ;)CONS:- License is included in the price, but some may consider it limited - for instance, if you make a sprite in this program, that's basically the only place you're allowed to use it (exceptions: or other programs in the RPG/Game Maker stable that you own the license to). So, you can't make sprites in this, then export those sprites to be used in say, a self-made browser-based game. And so too, for ALL the stock assets.- Importing the custom data itself is quite easy - but knowing what to do with it can be confusing at first. For instance, importing a new tileset can be done with 3 button clicks. But then you have to go over the tileset and tell RPG Maker VX Ace which tileblocks the player can walk through, and which they can't, and so on. This makes complete sense once you think about it, but it isn't explained anywhere in game (that I saw).- The DLC isn't like traditional DLC, it can require some real work to set it up (see above for a basic example)- Advanced Developers (I'm not one, so this is a guess) may find certain aspects of the engine restrictive.People who should buy this software:- Amateur devs- JRPG hobbyist- people curious about the game development process- people who have good ideas for stories- IDEAL for people who want to make their 'first real game'.People who should avoid this software:- Uh...people who hate JRPGs, I guess?- People who refuse to play nice on forums (because that's where most of your questions will get answered)- People who are allergic to cuteness- People who are allergic to lists- People who actively hate maths and other forms of 'thinking'. I'm not trying to be snide, I swear. Some of us just aren't designed for calculations. Having said that, I actually fit into that category - and I love this software. But it is a fact: planning is part of game making.Conclusion:I would basically recommend this software to ANYONE who shows even the slightest bit of interest in it. An excellent and very affordable way to get into game developing - it does exactly what it claims to, and does so quite solidly.I award this product 9/10, without hesitation."
,Recommended,220700,21650176,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Sydney's World,"Never have a spent so much time with a computer game/program of any kind. The time spent alone makes this the best value for my money ever spent. But it gets better....much better.I first bought this to make a game for my daughter when I was unable to find a fun computer game with reading as a main component. Naturally I made her the main character. I have always enjoyed writing, and now I had a whole new platform to craft a story.In time I became attached to my game, even with the default assets. As an educator, I thought this could be a good story-based game for other kids as well.Thus began my attempt to gauge interest. It fared well on Greenlight Concepts...but receieved a lot of criticism on the actual Greenlight, mostly due to using default assets. They liked the concept (a family-friendly RPG), but hated seeing the RTP.Now here is where the versitility of RPG Maker really shined. I was able to import custom made characters and sprites, cutscene art, and original music (bonus: if you compose, you get to use your own music!)...even voice-acting. With the new assets in, my votes increased dramatically, and my game was Greenlit.It was by no means easy. The amount of time and effort is monumental to create a game that others will pay for and enjoy. There are those who will tell you that your first game will never make it commercial, and they are usually right. I had a lot of support from the very helpful RPG maker community. I had some money to invest in the assets. I listened to my crtics, even the ones who blasted me. I had kind people (familiar with rpg maker) alpha test,; their suggestions enabled necessary improvements over many different versions.Having my RPG Maker game Sydney's World up on Steam is an accomplishment I am proud of. But irregardless, the personal satisfaction I had when I played through my final version was priceless."
,Recommended,220700,13575790,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Diablo,"RPG Maker VX Ace is software meant to help facilitate users in creating that RPG they have in mind. It's not without it's complexities, however, and they are there.Back when RPG Maker for the PSX came out, a friend and I got it. We had to have it mailed to us, since no stores sold it. I honestly don't remember how, since it was before I was really on the internet. In any case; it was weeks of anticipation, for what equated to a memory-card hogging, confusing system of software. I think the best we did was have an event that was basically an arena, where one monster at a time would walk to you and start a fight. It was a lot of money for something we quickly found kinda...hard.Today, though, we can use a keyboard and mouse! Other then that, it's still hard. Like really hard. Not because it's challenging, but because it requires not only putting things together, but learning EXACTLY how to do it. To some, it comes naturally, it's fun, and they put out a couple games. You can find them on the marketplace, too, and play and enjoy them!But be honest, do you buy RPG maker to play RPGs? No. You buy it to work. You buy it as a swiss army knife with a few thousand different tools, with a house to build. It's all there, but you need to learn how to use it...and that's without worrying about content (Want a sprite not there? You can make it, but it's work!)I wonder how many people bought it without making even a simple, but complete game. Count me in!Why, yes, I do have over 2000 hours. It's because my main way of working on my own project is by keeping RM open all the time. Staring at me.""...Hey. It's not done yet.""""Yea, I know. Here, I'll make a skill I had in mind. That's something done.""""Good, good...I'll be here when you want to make something else.""I've found that RM's forums and Youtube in general have been very helpful. But be forewarned. You're not buying a game. You won't have a great, or even good game just kinda...fit together. You're buying work.In short, I love procrastinating, and RPG Maker VX Ace is a really fun piece of software to tinker with."
,Recommended,220700,23338529,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ashe,You'll never finish anything. Ever.
76561198060219701,Not Recommended,220700,9298998,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,lostcraft,"This is a solid tool that will enable you to create JRPGs with relative ease. And I would love to recommend it because it really IS a good and solid piece of software. Putting together a small game is a breeze- maps are designed in a WYSIWYG editor, there is a good default library of graphics and objects. And everything works just fine. Random encounters, multiple characters, shops, turn based combat, it's all there right out of the box and even a newcomer will quickly see his idea turn into something playable. In addition, you're free to release your game whichever way you see fit, even a commercial release is possible. There is a lot to like here.Still I find it hard to fully recommend RPG Maker VX Ace. This is why:1) It is very expensive. 60 Euros are a lot of money, especially if you're just curious and maybe want to make a small freeware game. The program has been on sale quite regularly though, dropping to 15 Euros, and that is a good investment indeed. But before you shell out even THAT money, consider getting the freely available ""limited"" version, which has everything the commercial release has, and only limits the number of objects that can be used. It's still absolutely possible to make decent games with it.2) It is highly restrictive. You can make ""classic JRPGs"" with ease, but as a newcomer, you're truly stuck with the template RPG Maker provides. The interface, combat rules and attribute system are very, very basic and apart from a quick paint job there's not much you can do... until you're ready to dive into Ruby scripting.3) Scripting is a pain. On the pro side, the Ruby SL is powerful enough to change virtually every aspect of a project. You can create your own combat system, you can create your own attribute system, you can create new interfaces and really make something unique. But the editor is so barebones that you can't really do it comfortably, and especially if you have ever used a more advanced code editor you'll soon wish you could write your code THERE.4) It doesn't take advantage of ANYTHING. Multiple resolutions should be a standard these days, but here you're stuck with a relatively low native resolution that looks charmingly retro or crude depending on your personal opinion. Large games tend to stutter occasionally. And what about a decent options menu? Not to be found.So that's the gist of it. If you like JRPGs, see RPG Maker VX Ace on a discount and feel you can live with the limitations, I daresay you won't be disappointed. It's really fun to make a plot-driven game and see your ideas walk around the screen. Then there is the vast amount of resources available; if you put some effort into it your game can look downright stunning. And there clearly IS a lot of quality in the product- it's not been around for so long for nothing and the Steam version with its Workshop support will defenitely prove worth your while.But it could, and should, be so much better, more accessible, more comfortable to use- and that's where the tool lets you down."
,Recommended,220700,18231388,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Lifey,Pros: Easy to useCons: Hard to useI'm serious.
,Recommended,220700,12722254,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Isleño Gaming,"RPG Maker VX Ace is an incredibly powerful tool, not a game. While I found myself immersed for hours and hours creating and editing and editing and editing... this software is meant to create content. Even though is fun, people who lack creativity or try to go about it without a plan (story, settings, character development) might find themselves not enjoying this software as much.Some lead you to believe that this game creating software is user-friendly and easy to understand, in actuality it is not. Users will find themselves constantly bashing their brains trying to do simple things, looking up tutorials and other means of help.While still fun be prepared to be challenged. Be creative and have a story in mind. Also, might want to wait for a price drop in the steam store to get the best price as it can be a  bit expensive."
76561198047432250,Recommended,220700,14072495,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Ged,"What can I say?This is in fact a serious program and it's great for anyone who wants to start making their own games and learn the basic logic behind programming (without the need to be a programmer) and small game development as a whole. The possibilities to customize how your game looks and behaves are ENDLESS.There is some learning (I estimate that it's about 50 hours to learn the most important things + quite a few complicated ones), but there are TONS of guides. You don't even need to have skills in Ruby, because there are also TONS of scripts out there that contain the option (part of the code) you're looking for. And as for code, you can customize ANYTHING in it... at your own risk...You want to create a 640x480 jRPG with a MAD amount of possibilities? Use this program. Of course anything else can also be created but I would not recommend using this for anything other than RPG's, adventure games and visual novels.Also please note that games created with RPG Maker can only work on Windows OS, and I think that this is the biggest downside of this program. Other than that I cannot think of ANY reason not to buy it."
,Recommended,220700,8039333,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,jay_rab,"RPG Maker is a great entry tool for those who just want to play and try their hand at story making, this comes premade with character art and tiles so all you really are doing if you dont know how to script is making the story, I highly suggest that if your going to be buying this to not go into it thinking that you will make a game to sell, in order to make anything that is worth putting on the market it would require a complete rework of the engine and alot of custom art. In the end I have enjoyed working with it and would suggest it, but not to those who are trying to make a dollar out of it."
,Recommended,220700,8683118,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,ThunderGirl,"A brilliant software for those who feel creative and want to try making a 'Pixel Game'Rpg Maker VX Ace requires no programming skills, but can be scripted to add extra features.Beware though; it's not quite as 'Easy enough for a child' as it makes out to be,as you will very likely need to look up tutorials and etc to help you out. Fortunately there are some really good ones out there so you need not have any trouble making your game.Overall, very useful software, would definitely reccommend!"
76561198122761151,Recommended,220700,23289440,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Your Pal Kindred,"Easily the best developing program I've ever used. If you need a tutorial I recommened a channel named ""Venthros"".Pros-- Easy to use no matter your previous skill (I had none)- Many resources to choose from- Simple and easy to use character generator to create a diverse cast of friends (and enemies)Cons- (scraping the bottom of the barrel here)- Small things that you may forget that can cause your character to get infinite gold, items, etc- No built-in tutorialThe cons aren't really that bad once you get used to the program. Overall this is easily a solid 9.5/10. Wonderful program for beginners and long time users alike"
76561198178522690,Recommended,220700,32074291,Posted: 30 May,all,ThetaMax,"As you might have been able to tell, I have been working with this program for over 3 long and bountiful years now, and the community still shows no signs of slowing down.I was introduced to this amazing piece of software from a Technology Communications and Applications class back in junior high, and the sheer number of ideas I've produced in this game is amazing.Teachers, please, please, PLEASE continue to teach VX Ace to children all across the world, so they can let their imaginations soar without dealing with long stretches of graphic design, or lines and lines of confusing code that some other software have you do."
76561198139811677,Recommended,220700,17392143,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,top jej,I made a crazy man in paint and put him in as the superboss. He attacks with nukes and lasers from his cocaine eyes. 10/10.
76561198052254890,Recommended,220700,21001153,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,"Timmy, Power Gamer",The absolute best utility to make cringey insertions of yourself into video game and anime worlds while you date your waifu who is madly in love with you.
,Recommended,220700,23601568,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,EpicLucario52,"Two things:1: I've only ever finished one game with this system, and it took me nearly a year. I didn't regret a single minute of my time, though; what came out was FANTASTIC for a first game(sad that I don't know how to upload it to the workshop).2: The only reason that I'm sticking to this is because I can't afford MV. But hey, why bother getting another RPG maker if you've already got one on hand?All else I can say is is that this game maker is a BRILLIANT way to spend time and assert your creativity!And it's cheaper than MV. :)"
76561198044040742,Recommended,220700,24614626,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Gnat,I still haven't finished making a game.
,Recommended,220700,21823774,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,ihatebarracuda,"RPG Maker VX Ace promises something that just about every gamer has dreamed about at least once -- the ability to make your own game, where you are the creative dictator. You write the story, you design the gameplay, you pick the music, you do everything. No corporate suits telling you what you can and can't put in, no deadlines to meet, and no profit margin to worry about. Sounds awesome, doesn't it? For sure. But is it really?Yes! Absolutely. If you love RPG's you will love trying to make one. The fun I've had with this software has paid for its somewhat high price tag many times over. I can't stress that enough. But can you really make your dream RPG with it?No! Well, probably not. There are just too many limitations to the system.First and foremost -- lack of resources. Too often there simply isn't any content available that matches your vision. Let's say your RPG is set in the modern day, and you want it to start with an exciting car chase. Alright, you're already feeling it. You rub your hands together, set up a new blank map, and -- wait. Where is the graphic for the car? Hmmm. *Click, click, click, click* Huh, there isn't one. Weird. Ok, we'll figure that out later. Let's at least get the street set up and -- oh. There's no road tileset.The base resources the game comes with are EXTREMELY limited. Forget about a modern day setting, it's impossible. Your game is going to be a fantasy game with forests, dungeons, castles, and medieval towns. Period. Still feel like the creative dictator?""Ok,"" you might be thinking. ""I can work with that. I'll just make a fantasy RPG. With my writing skills and artistic vision I can still make it good."" Sorry, but It doesn't matter. Time and time again, whatever you want to create isn't going to be one of the options you can choose. Want to make a cool looking knight? Better hope you like one of the two you get. Want to make a jester for the castle? There isn't one. Nine tenths of your ideas have to be scrapped before they even get anywhere.In the software's defense, this would be a problem regardless of how many resources they packed with it. All of the resources in the world wouldn't even begin to cover all of the possibilities you can imagine for your game. But nevertheless, the amount included is much lighter than it could have been, and severely limits what you can do. There are DLC packs available to add content, but they are VERY overpriced and limited in their scope. ""Oh, awesome!"" you say when you discover the Modern Day Tileset DLC. But then you see that it's $15 and just gives you some roads, a couple of buildings, and some cars. You still don't have nearly enough to set your entire game in the present.As with resources, there are also some game functions that just aren't available. The default battle system is pretty basic and, frankly, bad. Want to change it? Hope you know how to program. And if you do, why do you need RPG Maker? This isn't limited to just the battle system. You'll find that there is a whole list of things you can't do with the event system. Almost anything can be done through scripting in the game's RUBY language, but if you're using RPG Maker it's probably because you don't know how to do things like that in the first place.So. Do I recommend RPG Maker VX Ace? Yes, wholeheartedly. Just keep your vision realistic. What you are going to do with this software is assemble parts and pieces of your dream game, tiny pathetic fragments of great ideas. You will never finish it and it will never be released, and it will probably kind of suck. And you will have a ton of fun making it."
,Recommended,220700,5543535,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,S0nicLightning,"If your a noivce game maker or just want a little direction when making a game, this is your place to go. Add your own maps, characters, skills, weapons, enemies, sprites, sounds, etc. Even if your not an artist the game has a program within that can make characters sprites for you."
,Recommended,220700,26149907,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,InnDreki,"I started writing this as a response to someone who said ""Do not buy this software"" and it got really long so I wanted to use it as my review of RPG Maker VX Ace. Keep in mind the way I wrote and worded this was intended to be directed at someone telling people not to buy this software, so if you're wondering if you should and have seen some negative reviews I hope this changed your mind. Keep in mind, RPG Maker is for people who are willing to put a solid effort into what it is they are creating.The Review / CommentYou know, the beauty of RPG maker is you can create your own sprites and tilesets free of charge! What rpg maker does is provides you with DLCs with various community made resources that you can use in your commercial games! That literally means people put hard work and effort into creating images that you can then use and profit off of! It's pretty great, and to have so many to choose from at reasonable prices (when on sale) you can't really go wrong. So in the aspect assets, tilesets etc. the world is really endless as long as you have the creative power. That being said not all of us are super talented digital artists and just want to piece together a game but not draw out every little thing, well those DLCs are just perfect for that. The base game comes with very limited tilesets (a free dlc has a few more good stuff) and honestly a little re colour or touch up of the free tilesets and you can create new ones quite easily. I'm doing a modern story and was having trouble with how retro and final fantasy every tileset looked, a quick little touch up in an art program and i've recreated my own tileset.The making of the game and the time that goes into it is A LOT, but it's also quite enjoyable along the way. I am brand new to the game development world, but grasping how RPG maker works isn't too much of an effort. The menus and stuff are very simplistic and thankfully when you want to create more elaborate scenarios there's a huge group of people on the internet to help each step of the way. RPG maker makes creating games easier and more accessible for people who don't have degrees and is all in all an amazing experience. Plus, VX ACE being on sale for $7, that's a down right steal."
76561198032687308,Recommended,220700,23920071,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,White Wolf,My game is 10 minutes long. It's 3:00 AM and I have spent 7 hours today creating my first project.:)
,Recommended,220700,8837688,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Causticius,"For those looking to make their own game, a bit of advice: Do some research and/or download the trial (RMVXA Lite) FIRST before actually buying! As well, RMVXA is wonderful in its own right, but is VERY processor-heavy and may require higher specs than the ""Required / Recommended System Requirements"" lets on. Just a fair warning to those with weaker computers that you should expect some lagging.With that out of the way, for old-school SNES-era RPGs (or sprite-based games in gener), RM is absolutely perfect, once you learn the ropes for how to use it. Which may take some time, but once you get the hang of how eventing and map tiling works, it can really be quite the powerful tool. The resources available are free to use for any project, whether a free project or commercial, and there is a lot of support from both the community and the main Enterbrain website itself. As well, many aspects of the database are open for modification without the need for programming skills, and those that aren't can be changed with a few (dozen) lines of code.The only issues thus-far that I've encountered are generally small. The largest thus-far is the learning curve; it can be rather daunting to jump into one's first project during the first couple of weeks, but once you get the hang of how the general flow works, then things become easier to manipulate. As well, there are some limitations in the editor for those with limited talent in scripting, but that can be overcome if one employs the help of a dedicated scripter or scripts designed by others that change how the editor/database works. Finally, while custom resources (scripts, spritesheets, tile sets, etc.) are generally free-to-use by their authors for non-commercial projects, those that are looking to make money off their games may find themselves out-of-luck or having to pay royalties to the creators of such content.Other than those minor gripes, RMVXA is a great package for starting game developers, and makes a great basis for understanding the game-development process as a whole. While it can be a nightmare for those just starting out, the intuitive and dedicated user will grasp the basics and go from there fairly quickly."
,Recommended,220700,13971322,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,№rti,"Despite the sometimes unfair reputation that the RPG maker series gets, I will reccommend this to anyone who is interested in creating games, either for a hobby or a commercial endeavor. It is true that there are a lot of poor RPG maker games that remain restricted to what the base engine provides (think default menus, sounds and mapping) but with enough creativity and commitment toward your project there's lots of scope to create a quality game with unique mechanics.The engine itself is easy to understand, the menus are fairly intuitive so you can pick up most basic skills by just playing around. Most people argue that this is why the RPG series can give way to such low quality games, because it is comparitivley simple to create events and to get what you need your game to do. However the simple systems in place, with creative thinking, can be used to create much more in depth gameplay.If you have experience in scripting languages or would like to learn at an entry level, RPG Maker VX Ace uses the Ruby Language, which is a fairly easy to start out with. You can use scripts to change many elements of gameplay and add extra depth to your game. Even if you have little interest in scripting, there's a whole community that build resources including scripting to help you add to your project. Many of which are free providing you credit the author.The art assets are also highly customisable, provided you have a decent graphics editor such as Photoshop or GIMP, you can make beautiful tilesets, characters, maps and menus. Similarly if you lack the skill or patience to create such things, the community also can provide free assets for you to use. Of course there's paid DLC too, for the more hobby orientated user.The music and sounds are also highly customisable, you can incorporate them in many ways throughout your project. If you are skilled enough you can use your own music and sound effects, or as before use what the community provide. Again, there's paid DLC to fill any gaps you may have in your soundscape.To sum it up, RPG Maker VX Ace is very accessable but has all the basis for making a sturdy game. Regardless of whether you are a hobbyist or someone hoping to make a Commercial game, your creativity is really what determines how well your game turns out, RPG Maker gives you that sturdy foundation from which to build upon."
,Recommended,220700,31155526,Posted: 15 April,all,Viciousity | Wildcase.com,"1. Sees VX Ace 90% off2. Reads ""Easy enough for a child!""3. Buys VX Ace4. Starts Project5. Works on Project for a week6. Gives Up7. Waits a week8. Starts New Project9. Works on Project for a week10. Gives Up11. Writes ReviewWould reccomend for anyone who would be willing to give up multiple times"
76561198092227467,Recommended,220700,12930999,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ShiFt,"The software is great! Lots of tiles and objects you can select from. Also it gives you free things you can use to make your game such as music and game graphics. You dont have to be an artist to create a game, they have an easy charactar builder! If you want you can import your own art into the game but you dont have to. Also when they said no programing needed they were RIGHT! There easy click and drag gui lets you create charactars and there personalties. This software is easy to use and fun!"
,Recommended,220700,16422434,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,[DJ] Pope Francis,-Bought this while on sale-Had no programming knowledge whatsoever-Made my character move into a door-Door didn't open-Watched a couple of Youtube tutorials-Able to make my character go through a door-Made a treasure chest-Got potion inside-Tested it-Treasure chest had unlimited potions inside-Watched tutorial about Switches and Variables-Wasn't able to comprehend it much-Stopped making games until I fully understand everythingBest Procrastination Simulator ever!!! 11/10 would procrastinate again!!!
,Recommended,220700,34033951,Posted: 5 August,all,Barry the Bounty Hunter,I made a crappy game with no programming knowledge
,Recommended,220700,7790125,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RubberRoss,I was under the impression that this game would make me RPGs.  Turns out that YOU have to do all the work.
76561198059830494,Not Recommended,220700,13776603,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Loke,"Ok I want to write a negative review; specifically for people who see this product and say ""hey I can do that.""This should not reflect on the quality of resources provided by this software, because i found those from adaquate to exceptional across the board.If you have a basic understanding of computer codeing, then this may be for you. The language used is very basic but the scripting can still be tricky to master. The manual that you can find on the games website is a bit beirf with seven or eight pdf doccuments.While the resources provided are nice any music or character sprites per made are of course copyrited to the product. You will have to do a good deal of resource creation if you wish to release a game.Finally, I would like to stress that making a computer game takes a TEAM of dedicated individuals on average, several months. If you think your going to buy this product today and put a game out by yourself next week, or even next month then think again.All this being said I would still recomend this product; but specifically.-To someone cutting their teeth in game design-Who plans to do this, or want to explore this for a career-Who has an intermedeite knowlege of computers and graphic designThere are several solid games out there made by this engine; but they were made by some very talanted people and often groups who had the money and time to invest in a long term project."
,Recommended,220700,7329289,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,MoonpieNobot,I love this. My 9 year old and 5 year old want to design games and this is a fun and easy way to get started.
76561197993047819,Recommended,220700,12469930,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Tolarin,"RPG Maker VX Ace is the newest in the line of RPG Maker toolkits by ASCII and Enterbrain. For anyone who aspires to create games as a hobby or perhaps as a profession, it's certainly a good tool to take a look at. You can easily make the most simple and casual of role playing games with it or you can spend countless hours trying to make your very own masterpiece that you may or may not finish. While there are a few limitations in the software, many have been overcome through community works and scripting, to the point that the primary limitation is your own desire to finish a project.If you've even had a passing interest at making your own role playing game, this is well worth the purchase. The default graphics are quite usable, the character creation software increases that (my own portrait comes from this software), and there are plenty of free and commercial graphics, music, and scripting packs you can find. So check it out. This is certainly the best RPG Maker to dive in with!"
76561198080665327,Not Recommended,220700,17173023,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,bobby.gailey,"I loved this at first, but unless you start importing your own stuff, or their DLC, then you're pretty limited. However, there lies the problem. If you end up adding too many things, then once you make any change, and save the data to play test it, it crashes. You will get a infinite loading wheel, then a ""Not Responding issue"". The only way to fix it is just force close it, and reload it. You'll keep all your data, but it's just annoying for someone trying to develop their own game. I've tried everything I found on forums, and even deleting a lot of the DLC, and my imports, and yet it still has the same problem.I've tried contacting them, and their response was ""Try it in Admin mode"". Well, I even did that, then I replied to their email... and received no response. After that, I opened up a new ticket, and no response as well. That's why I'm finally putting in this review.So, it's a great engine to start with, however expect to be extremely limited. Don't buy their DLC's, because after a certain point, you won't be able to use them without it crashing. I also wouldn't pay full price for this engine either.If this is happen to you, you have two options.1. Deal with it2. Copy your maps to a new project, and start over. However, all the data when it comes to scripts, edits to characters, and events will be lost. IF they contact me, and can help me with the situation, then I'll start recommending this engine to people. Otherwise, don't waste your time, or it's going to be a waste of money.Don't buy anything from these guys. I've spent hundreds of dollars on their Engine + DLC... They keep giving me the run around and refuse to solve my problem with their game engine for about 3-4 months now! AVOID these guys at all costs!!"
,Recommended,220700,23116943,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,COL. Roy Campbell,"The best 'I'm going to make an awesome game for the public, release a demo that lasts 4 minutes then never finish the game ' simulator 10/10"
,Recommended,220700,8063419,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,MinisterJay,"I started playing RPG games over 30 years ago.  I started making campaigns for those games about 30 years ago too.  RPG VX Ace is an awesome tool for the novice and expert game maker.  The support and free advice on the RPG VX Ace forum site is awesome.  The true is limitations is limited to what your own creative ability is.  I highly recommend this tool for those that what to make games for fun, and for those that want to venture into the exciting commerical world of gaming.Minister JayJABHA Creativity FounderP.S. I have a ten year-old son, who has fun making simple games on RPG Maker VX Ace (added 6/14/2014)."
,Recommended,220700,32188995,Posted: 4 June,all,pigfish,"Its a good RPG maker, but I'd recommend waiting until the Steam Summer Sale to buy it."
,Recommended,220700,17965408,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,低糖绿茶,"The RPG Maker VA engine/software is to be used in various means, for diverse ends and is certainly a high-quality and appropriate software for every users interested in the subject.I have used RPG Maker XP for 5 years and the release of VX Ace has undoubtably improved the XP engine in every single aspects. Not mentioning the fact that enterbrain had added new functions such as character creation into the software which is meaningfully innovative.If you are an amateur at RPG creation or an RPG aficionado, this is definitely worth purchasing because if you are willing to invest time into it, it would be at least a fun experience of creation or would be a time-consuming, meaningful and slightly challenging hobby. In my case I have spent months making games with only the simplist element in this software and creating systems with my personal resources. And the software actually let me experience everything about making a game excluding game-engine designing which is too complicated anyway for an amateur like me. This software is intriguing also because the script based on ruby let you explore and develope functions yourself.If you are truly into developing, have companions and sophisticated crew like artwork and scripting workmates, this is a rather simple but easy, efficient software if you intend to design a 2D/2.5D RPG game without the ability or intention to make the engine yourself. Again, the ruby-based scripting allows you to develope your own features and explore the engine freely within its manageable and quite strong capacity.The only cons I can think of so far for it is that:1.It can only design 2/2D-like RPG Games. However, since its name is RM, I doubt one who is planning to make other genres of games would have the interest of reading this.2.Overpriced, with the same cost you can buy arma 3 and a lot of 3A quality games. However, it's usually 17$ when it's on sale so you can be patient and wait.I also recommend RPG Maker XP if you would like a more open-source/classic engine. However, you have to fix with scripts/resources to make the graphics,battles and other elements comparable with the improved VA version.Overall rating 9/10I sincerely and candidly recommend this software to you."
,Recommended,220700,23675200,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,DarkDork,"It delivers exactly what it advertises. Though we get a lot of the same generic games on steam from this software, it's proven that if you actually put in the time your options are limitless."
,Recommended,220700,13022734,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,mavis9nixon,"this is an amazing piece of software.  the developers are definitley right about the simplicity of RPG maker VX Ace.  I love this software, and I am planning to put a game made with this software, on greenlight in 2015-2016."
76561198071741260,Recommended,220700,32246433,Posted: 7 June,all,Head,"If i'm honest, its a great start for people who dream about being game developers."
,Recommended,220700,13411933,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Lunarhound,"Still the go-to engine for creating 2d RPG's with tile-based movement. It's easy to learn, fun to use, much more powerful than you'd think at first glance, and the community is always overflowing with support and resources. If you've always wanted to make a SNES era JRPG-style game, this is the way to do it."
,Recommended,220700,26163500,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,🎃SpookySanikMoo🎃,i don't know why this cost 7 dollarsbut thank you
,Recommended,220700,10268251,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,CI_Munchnplay,"Well worth the 4 pack guys /girls and robots. This is the tip of the iceberg , very easy to use and get going creating some indie games. Great to see what you can come up with  the dlcs are worth it too. Tons of dlcs create ingame battle scenes , outside , main map , inside map, interiour , make a grand speech line drawn indie  game.10/10"
,Recommended,220700,33953481,Posted: 1 August,all,Morgus,"So after 1,971 hours playtime I guess this would be the right time to give my thought about the software. RPG maker isn't strictly speaking a game in itself, but it's a decent tool for allowing you to create your own game. What's really notable about it is how easy it is to pick up for people who are unfamiliar with programming and have never made a game before. At the same time it is also powerful and versatile enough to be used even by experts. As the name implies, RPG maker is mostly for making Role-playing games. Simple 2D JRPGs with random encounters can be made without the use of any scripts, but with the help of scripts even more advanced mechanics and battle systems can be added to one's games. RPG maker already comes with a lot of resources to help with game-making - music, sprites, battler art, and so on, but it allows the user to import custom resources as well. VX Ace is the newest of the RPG makers on PC and it is the most advanced, giving more versatility than the ones before, as well as adding some new features as well, such as a character creator. It can be up to a lot of debate whether it does everything better than previous RPG makers or not, for example RPG maker XP's mapping system is considered better by many people due to the use of multiple layers, but on the other hand, VX Ace allows some parts of the scenery and other decorations to be used as events, which can be utilised to make some stunning cutscenes, such as things appearing out of the ground on a whim, or changing colour or shape, and so on.The games can be made of any length and size and can be eventually sent to other people to be played, and overall RPG maker is a good starting point for anyone who's considered even for a minute to make their own game. In addition to what the program already has, there's also a whole community out there, with artists, musicians and script-designers making their own custom resources for others to use in their games. When one thinks about it, there aren't many limits to what can be done in RPG maker. It takes some effort to figure out how to make it work, but well worth it. Having a blast with this. Good learning tool for kids too. Visuals are old skool, but its easy enough to add your own content to the graphics files."
76561198053984563,Not Recommended,220700,16400257,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Veroosh,"I love this program, since 1999 or something when it wasn't in English yet.I would give this program the PERFECT review if not for:***************EVERYTHING YOU MAKE WITH THIS YOU CAN'T PUBLISH OUTSIDE OF their WINDOWS PLAYER******************The graphics, sounds, everything is free to use (and sell) ONLY within their framework, that means anything you transfer out into a platform like Android becomes illegal to sell and distribute!You can only make games with it for the Windows player, you can not publish (and it won't be easy to publish) into Android, iOS, or Linux after.  So before you make your BIG game in it and spend weeks/months at it, please consider where you want to take your game.Finally: I have been told they ARE working on an Android export AND that if a game is GOOD ENOUGH they may make something work.... too many ""ifs and maybes"" for my time.Although, I do understand the mechanics of this program, its more intuitive for me (respectively little programming knowledge) to actually see HOW i could make a game.  Just wish I wasn't a CAGED BIRD.WHEN THEY SET ME FREE THIS REVIEW WILL GET A BIG THUMBS UP."
,Recommended,220700,20141308,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Crow,"I finally get to put my little worlds into a game.~Seriously, if you don't have this, GET IT.You should even buy this at full price, considering how much effort was put into this!You can even draw things, write music, and all that, and mix them in! You have the power for EVERYTHING in RPGMAKER.Plus, To The Moon, IB, WasteWalker and Mad Father were all made by the RPG MAKER series!!,i buy this software a couple days ago with always sometimes monsters asset pack dlc, I thought it just a thing, but it does something, this software does something. buy it now!!"
,Recommended,220700,22728380,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Foxy Whiplash,Great software for making RPGs and it's easy to use for beginners!
,Recommended,220700,14146632,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Brady,"Ahh this software is amazing.RPG Maker VX Ace is an amazing thing that I now constantly play!!!So anyway...Pros+++Easy To Use++Lots Of Premade Assets and Moves/Enemies++Great Customizble Assets, Moves/Enemies, and Events+Making Event's Is Easy If You Get Used To It+Common Event System+You Can Import Your Own (Not revoluntary or anything)++You can make short games in less then 20 hours.+Play others games with workshop or download+++Use Scripts To Expand What You Can DoCons-You Will Probaly Use Script's Very Quickly, RPG Maker does not offer much System/Basic Feature Changing.--Importing Is Not Always So Easy, and you might need to heavly edit the picture.-While easy to learn, tutorials are still needed to get the basics.---Charater Design is not very in-depth---This one is obivous, but you can only make RPG's With it.Special Pro+++Game Charater Hub  Can make charater design MUCH better.Special Con--No multiple layers like XP.Over all i rate this a 8.5/10, an amazing software to start making games with."
,Recommended,220700,14348445,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,vomit-chan,"i like this geam pls update thoSeriously, this is really good software. I'd totally recommend it due to the overwhelming amount of community involved with it."
,Recommended,220700,8202366,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,HiddenAbilities,Highly recommended for those who are interested in becoming 2D Game Developers. Become a member of the group and chat with others about this software too!http://steamcommunity.com/groups/acedevelopers
,Recommended,220700,23049430,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Naevos,i know nothing about anything and i've made a game from this. good buy 100%
76561197992206547,Not Recommended,220700,10754158,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,B00tsy,"Max resolution 640x480Making thus this software pretty much useless and not vialble for anything commercial.This is not mentioned on the store page.For hobby purpose this software is just fine, but don't expect more then that.Don't take this thumb down as that I consider it to be bad software, but the resolution is really to limited to do anything serious with this software."
76561198023859269,Recommended,220700,12998718,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Inferno1200,"I can make insanity tests, and force my friends to play them!10/10 Would force friends to lose sanity again"
76561198127843475,Recommended,220700,31722814,Posted: 13 May,all,Axenblade,"As someone with over 1000 hours on this program I can give enough credit- it's easy to make RPGs with the included content, and with a little experimentation and effort, making completely different systems and graphics for said games is more than doable. I learnt to code through the system, just by playing about and working with the scripting system, and more than recommend the program.It also seems to be on sale alot, and who doesn't love cheap products? Buy it; if you like making RPGs,you won't regret it."
76561198097707557,Recommended,220700,16605782,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,LordZer0,Very simple and easy to use.
76561198126812452,Recommended,220700,23766332,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Joker,"Love it! It's very easy to learn, and you can quickly make small, quirky little games, or you can make big ones if you want! Google and Youtube are really helpful in learning this, and they've answered all of my questions on how to's and fixes. There's a ton of DLC that fits your every need. 10/10 would definitely buy this again."
,Recommended,220700,26043250,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Caleb_Hates_You,"This software is absolutely fantastic!It's very easy to use and you MIGHT need to spend an hour or 2 viewing tutorials but thats only if you're completely new to game development. The software has a BUNCH of preset maps, characters, monsters and so much more so that even if you aren't willing to draw your own assets, you've still got heaps of stuff already there for your use! Overall this is a fantastic piece of software. It's very easy to use and is perfect for those who always wanted to make their own rpg game but never wanted to go through the struggle of spending years learning how to make a game. RPG Maker VX ACE if fun, easy, and great for it's price!"
,Recommended,220700,21984568,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Furueisho Peicho,"It's really easy to use but powerful - simpler than Flash because you don't have to learn the syntax. All you need is common sense and an adventurous mindset.Either you tinker together the default assets, with sounds, music, sprites, maps, items, animations, enemies and what have you... or you can customize everything to your heart's content. Like adding scripts from a forum or changing tilesets. Everyone can develop on their own level. And frankly, if you're a person who finds it fun to work with graphic tools or level editors or sandbox type of games, you'll have a blast.Naturally, a finished and good product doesn't come quickly and there is a lot of problem solving, testing, tweaking and mindless tedium to be done. Also, you might get disillusioned when you realize that every rpg is basically the same. Or you come to appreciate more the outstanding work and elbow grease of some of these games.It would be a good idea to start humble and experiment and make a couple of games, not just the one and only. Ease yourself in, maybe watch a video tutorial at some point.Even if you're not that interested in developing yourself, owning this software allows you to play all the stuff in the workshop, simply by subscribing. When you do that, give something unpopular a chance and feedback for those you don't get any. There is a lot of trash there or half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. But don't just play the same stuff everyone is playing, because everyone is playing it. Encourage others and they encourage you. If they are worthy your encouragement that is. You can easily detect how much effort someone put into his game if you study their workshop page. If it has a generic, crappy title, a flat or nonexistent description and no pictures or videos then they are most likly not very proud of their work. It would be benefical for everyone if more people took their stuff more seriously."
,Recommended,220700,23417268,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MaxIsJoe,RPG Maker VX acean engine that is desigend for 9 year olds to create their fanfics..and an engine that is designed for developers to create awesome RPGs in no timeThis Engine helps you to make awesome games withn hours without writing a single line of codeand for you ruby programmers out there.. RPG Maker VX Ace is for you
,Recommended,220700,7760575,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,HakuroDK,"If you can get your hands on this when it's on a Steam Sale and you've ever wanted to make an RPG, then this is the best possible engine for you. I started using RPG Maker when I was a little kid and had less than legal versions of it. But now that I'm a grown man and can actually afford the software myself, I feel a lot better about myself about it.Also, unlike previous installments, this one also utilizes the Ruby programming language. So if you're fluent in Ruby, you could transform this engine into whatever you wanted."
,Recommended,220700,28942699,Posted: 2 January,all,Enviar,"Easy to use. Fairly easy to understand. Plenty of tutorials available.If you're a complete beginner at making games, this is a great place to start."
,Recommended,220700,15470096,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Kado,"Solid program for novices and veterans alike. One of the first game development softwares I touched back in 2013, still using it to this day. Easy to learn, fun to use, helps you hone your ability to create games, and properly prepares you for the tougher things you'll have to do master the craft, whether you do it casually or want to work in the field. Solid 9/10 from me."
,Recommended,220700,23296281,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Fluttershy,"Awesome program! I love RPG games like Final Fantasy pretty much since I started playing video games... This allows me to easily and quickly make an RPG game for me and my friends in pretty much 20 minutes without struggle.Pros:-NO programming required! I mean, yeah you can program stuff in RPG Maker VX Ace, but it's not a required thing like game engines such as Unity or Unreal.-Character generator. This comes with a built in character generator that allows you to create characters in pretty much seconds. It has many different things you can put onto a character such as a suit, hats, bandages for your characters, glasses, wings, tails, you name it!-Easy to use. Pretty much any game engine that comes with no programming required is easy to use, but this has an event system that is VERY simple to get the hang of...-Workshop support. This comes with support for Steam Workshop which allows you to easily share your games with other RPG Maker VX Ace users. You can also get game templates, scripts, and ""resource packs"" which are basically the ground, water, buildings, etc.-Export tool with file compacter. This allows you to create a game with no way to get into the files and change the game. The export tool is self explanatory but it pretty much takes the game file and turns it into a standalone game that any computer can add to play, even without RPG Maker installed!-Games are optimized well. When you run a game made in this version of the program, it runs really well, unlike RPG Maker MV which I've played games on and even have tried...Cons:-Can be confusing for certain things. It's not really all that confusing, but it does have its moments when you're using the switches system. I can't really explain why but sometimes you get lost trying to make these work...-Adding textures (resources) is hard. I've never really gotten hold of using the import tool to create textures... I know it's not all that hard but you have to create so many tiles. Once again, I can't really explain how this works, so if you're new like me, just stick with exporting the default textures and importing your version of it.-Export of games can only be done on Windows. This isn't much of an issue for me as I have a Windows 10 laptop, but for people that want to play games you make on Macintosh computers or phones, you can't really do that unless you figure out how to emulate Windows on another system. This is pretty much the only good thing about RPG Maker MV to me...-There are carts and rail resources accessable, but they can't be used together. Here's what I mean, if you want to create a railroad system sort of similar to Minecraft using mine carts which are in RPG Maker, you can't unless you change the texture of the boat to a mine cart and change the rail collisions to water... It's weird I know.-Resolution of screen. This really doesn't annoy me at all but to some people, a 640*480 resolution screen is too small. I find it just fine for playing an RPG game as it fits the game's style well. If you want to create a game with higher resolutions, you may want to pay the extra $10 to get RPG Maker MV which has high resolutions..."
,Recommended,220700,21994639,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,buzzfuzz45,"9/10Pros-Easy to use workshop contentsome free DLCSale was AMAZING.Easy to load up workshop content and play/load/save your progression.Cloud supportCons-hard to make your own contentno controller support. (no pun intended)Original price is high (expensive I guess..)not a whole lot of featuresHard to make your own RPGs but lots of other RPGs in the workshop are magnificent.Note: I got this during the ""WEEK LONG DEAL"" I believe it was 2016 March (22? 20?) to 2016 March 28thseems like a good deal to me! would definetely reccommend"
76561198051511075,Not Recommended,220700,13358614,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,drewsurgeon,"After having used this software for over a hundred hours, the best piece of advice I can offer anyone is to scale your expectations back - and I mean way, WAY back. No words can describe how disappointed I am with RPG Maker after spending countless hours watching tutorials, reading guides, experimenting with concepts, editing with GIMP, all to create nothing useful or something just barely functional. I simply did not realize how limited the software was. Even after I discovered what it could do (or more accurately, could not do) I scaled back my expectations constantly only to hit a roadblock again and again. By far my biggest critique of the software is the bare-bones nature: you can make a Final Fantasy game with it, and by that I mean the FIRST Final Fantasy, aka the one that is probably older than you are. The mechanics are all at least 25 years old, resulting in:-No in-house method of creating a game map (as in, a reference map you can press a button to show where you are in the world)-No in-house method of editing Sprites or Tiles (I had to use GIMP software for that)-a mystifyingly limited number of tiles you can use to build a map with (after using GIMP to put together a custom tile set, I exported it to the game only to discover i could only use a fraction of the tile set because Enterbrain imposes a limit on tile sheet sizes…when I discovered that, I swear a small part of me died.)-Needlessly complicated methods to get around the tile limit (like parallax mapping and some outside scripts)-No in-house clock-Way, way too heavy reliance on outside scripting to do even the most basic of things that RPG's have already been using for decades.-Arbitrarily small limits on things such as stats or item amounts (true, you may not use every slot to create items, but why take the chance to limit the developer? Go ahead and set the limits sky-high, it is not that hard)Think of an RPG, any RPG: what mechanics did you like about it? chances are, RPG Maker cannot do that. Did you like the Psynergy or Djinni system of Golden Sun? Too Bad. Did you want to make a game with multiple skills in it to level up without the use of scripts, as per Runescape or the Elder Scrolls? Nope. Did you hope to implement a monster capture system like Pokemon? Not Happening. Did you like the flashy Summons from the early Final Fantasy games this software is failing to live up to? Not a chance. Do you like to actually watch your characters on the battle screen fighting the enemy like in…almost every RPG ever made? Without scripts, you will be stuck in a soulless first person mode and will never see your characters sprites in battle. Are you awed when your enemies use your own nuclear attacks against you, or unleash their own unique abilities to show you that you are not the only person with show-stopping special effects? Enemy sprites are static and use utterly no animation when they attack. Want to change the default walking or running speed?... Actually, I still have not found a script that could let me do that.This software may be useful for veteran programmers, but for those new to the field, stay far, far away. Now, admittedly the community has made incredible scripts that dramatically improve the experience, but fans had to do that, not the developer. I might even go so far as to say that I think some of the fans put more effort into improving RPG Maker than Enterbrain itself did actually making it. Ultimately, I cannot recommend RPG Maker VX Ace to anyone.TL;DRDo not buy (or at least wait for a sale), you will be disappointed.3/10"
,Recommended,220700,30113505,Posted: 22 February,all,нǝɐɹтвeaт💓,"I love rpgs and have been into making them ever since World of Warcraft 3.So I wanted to check this software out. Ahem*ARE YOU WILLING TO SIT AND GO THROUGH LOTS OF TUTORIALS/HRS AND DAYS JUST TO CREATETHE RPG OF YOUR DREAMS? THEN THIS IS FOR YOU, lol :3+You have to be very patient and very dedicated in making rpgswhether it be for fun or for commercial use. Or else there is no point in buying this.+There will be lots of scripting and variables/switches you will need tolearn how to do. Thankfully, there are LOTS of tutorials you can search upon google or youtube to help you get started (no worries!!!).You dont have to create a medieval time rpg! You can create a modern horror game, sci-fi or anythingyou want. Since tiles are very limited, I suggest you to buy them or make your own or find free ones online (just be careful about the terms of service from where ever you got the free stuff from).This software lets you go creative, however some things are limited. The character generator haslimited styles. But you can always create/draw your own or search online for some (just be careful about the terms of service from where ever you got the free stuff from).Never create a first real game. I made the mistake of doing so and I spent hours and days confused over small things, lol.Try making a short rpg game first to get used to how this software works to avoid headaches. Most of the time I had to teach myself how to solve little errors here and there since I couldn't find any solutions from rpg forums or anywhere. <=So avoid that! Lol.It's so fun!! It FEELS SO REWARDING to see all your hardwork paid off! :) STOP READING MY BORING REVIEW AND BUY THIS SOFTWARE *DOES D.VA'S WINKY FACE ;) ~"
76561198078381591,Recommended,220700,23328018,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Zero_Raven,"Used multiple trial versions of this program and loved every second of it.The simplicity of the program is by far superior to other programs I\'ve tried for creating RPG games.I used to use Stencyl, but now I\'m RPGM-VXA all the way!"
,Recommended,220700,16771878,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Tuckie,"In this game, you play as a mouse cursor who moves all about a window. sometimes if you click on things, you can write text or numbers. Its pretty cool to be able to see that when i hit a button on my keyboard something happens on the screen. Computers are amazing these days!"
,Recommended,220700,7802408,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Classic Five,"Double thumbs up! I reccomend this software to newbie game developers, and developers who are always fascinated with Pokemon. I get the impression of the old days with this game maker, a really warm feeling that I cannot let out but only can with making a game about... something. Wait, that's too much information... Anyway, again, I would say this really worth the money, especially at sales when its 75% off. If RPG maker is currently on sale, stop reading this right now, GET TO THE ADD TO CART BUTTON! And start making new games! Don't forget to share the games you made with me :P"
,Recommended,220700,24106081,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,WhatAmIDoing,-Gets thing on sale-Tries thing-Fails at doing anything in thing-Looks up tutorials on thng-Brain is rekt-Tries thing again-Makes main character John Cena-Tries to make him battle Dark John Cena-Falls asleep on keyboard-Wakes up 5 hours later-Eats a cookie-Tests battle-Chrashes thing-Cries-Tries again-Succeds-Eats other cookie-Realizes I'm stupid-Forever gives up game developing-Dreams crushedliek if u cri evritim
76561198044695906,Recommended,220700,9279849,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dread,"TL;DR varsion:It's good. It has its weak points. Still is good.75% discount is the best time to grab it.With some DLCs.For more information, read my review.Contains someold  DLC reviews since we could not review them in the past.Also, the Engine comes with a free DLC and a forum you can find incredible resources, that you can use for free, IF ONLY you own VX Ace.So yes... price is not so high really...==================================================================The actual full version of this huge, full of info review:This is not a game.This is the most complete and user friendly RPG making engine available at the moment.First of all, it didn't came out of thin air. There is a long history behind it.The application has enough graphics layers to do what you need.A few more (or infinite) would be a nice feature though.Anyway.If you need more you can do parallax mapping anyway,a technique with infinite power.Rpg maker  supports Scripting!So to be fair, if you learn Ruby programming language,and dive into RGSS (the engine the game is using)you can do anything you want, even an action RPG engine!Don't expect too fancy stuff, but it will do for mini games anyway!I would appreciate if the creators would implement 3 systems.1] Default Menu based2] Side Battles3] Action RPGThose 3 things can make VX Ace a perfect out of the box produt.PERFECT!There is only one excuse for that, not being implemented.Resources for RTP and scripting would increase the main RTP file.But is it really so important?I mean, we can have a big RTP in exchange for a ready to do anything engine .There might be needed new resources standards.So?Why don't you consider adding them all in?Don't get me wrong people.You can still make those three battle systems.But that's the bad part, you are the one who have to do the job.I have to mention though, that there are scripts of generous creators out there,that demand only to credit them and maybe to show a link to their site.Fair enough don't you think?Anyway let's rate this engine.Before I do though, I have to tell you that it is indeed the BEST out there at the moment...for making RPGs out of the box.As a product it takes 70/100The price is really high!  60 Euro is not a funny price.But there is the lite version, to check if you like it and if it fits your needs.You are limited to use 10 things of each but who cares?So price will NOT lower the rating of the product, due to the great marketing of the company. Congratulations on providing the lite version by the way.Points are lost because of the lack of pre-defined scripts for more battle systems.Also on many systems graphics are blurry on scrolling even after the flickering reduction.Also you might need to buy commarcial anti lag scripts to do complex and fancy stuff without lag.One more thing.The software should have more graphics implememnted in it.Buying a new version of an RPG maker should inherit all the previous resources, in order to encourage new users to buy it.Otherwise, you should provide the users with enough graphics for any scenario they might in general wanna create. But the resources are just the essentials to code a game. So you lose also points from that.Anyway.If you could give us a free pack of scripts and initial resources for action RPG and side scroll battle system,  as a Free DLC, that would be great.Another bad thing is that it doesn't support very high resolutions.This is a true con of the engine.Developers though are up to do something about that.Do i recommend this product as it is?If you wanna make a game out of it, to sell it, or to give it as freeware, then yes i do recommend it.There is nothing really negative about it, except what I already mentioned.What you see on the video is what you get.What you do NOT see, is what those developers thought.I am a programmer.I can appreciate other programmer's insight!I was away from my computer, thinking how will I do something I wanted to do, to the game i develop.When I returned and opened the application to see my alternatives, I couldn't believe it.I had two problems solved instantly, just because there were two features there.I can hardly imagine something in 2D gaming that this program can not do.If there exists something like that, it would be a really complex issue.You will just have to script hard in Ruby to create something that will stand from the common games.Not to mention that you can create games diffrerent than an RPG.================================================One thing though.....What is this obsession with the right channel everywhere?Whatever...My personal opinion bottomline:Buying RPG Maker VX Ace on 75% Discount,along with some DLCS is a great investment,50 Euro to have everything you need to create a decent RPG, is a cool price!Especially when alternatives have mothly fees, or have gigantic prices.Of course alternative engines, can do more things.Some of them can do things better!But you will still have to get your own resources to use.RPG Maker VX Ace is an engine, with a GUI to work into, plus resources to use.Finally, I believe that,  it's not an engine that makes a good game,as it's not a guitar that makes a good music picece.Think about it."
,Recommended,220700,20374007,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Owltears,"A great program for those who are intrested in making their very own rpg game.Pros:Easy importing of tilesets, characters, animations and pictures!Easy to make levels and even test themCons:Scripting- it is hard, but if you know  coding well enough you can do it easily. If you don't most of the sites have help sections with free scriptsI found it hard to learn unless you know what you're doing or watch videos/tutorials on learning what to doIt's a good challenge and easy way to make a game!"
76561198024836855,Recommended,220700,23764420,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Stealth_the_Wolf,"After giving a full 24 hours to this software, I think its high time I offered an opinion on it.I have been impressed.Users of previous versions of RPG Maker may not have quite the same initial experience, but I discovered a certain amount of reading around was needed to actually get the hang of the assorted tools on offer.  A very quick internet search brought me to the home site for this software, and from then on, it was more or less all systems go.  The tutorial I found very quickly had me getting to grips with mapping, zoning, and events logic.Discovering the best way to use the different triggers and outputs was actually very good fun - although I think this is something that appeals to the puzzle-solving part of my brain.  Occasional frustrations had me combing back through my logic to discover that one fatal flaw I had made when I failed to trigger a step properly, but I didn't have to refer to any outside help once i had climbed that first curve.The only thing I haven't explored (and this is due to my own lack of experience - I will be working to overcome this!) is the use of Ruby scripts.  I know from a few fast searches that there is a vast amount of well-written scripting already available for RPG Maker, but not being a programmer on any level, I have some difficulty understanding the functionality.  Again, this is not a criticism, merely my own lack of knowledge.  If you aren't planning to do anything super fancy (and there is a lot that can be achieved without the need for scripts) then you may not need Ruby knowledge at all.I have still to sit down and make a real attempt at a full game from this software, but I can see all the things I would want to do in a game readily available, either with the basic package or from the community which has grown around it.  A fine piece of work."
,Recommended,220700,26201320,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,swenpai,"I always wanted to create games, but it was so damn hard!I tried GameMaker - HardUnity - HardConstruct - HardEvery other software.. - HardBut this, This is a fun software, and finally.. it's simple.finally i found something to create game with!!Costs 70$ but i bought it in 7$ 90% sale, That's reallyinsane!You should buy it, even for 70$."
,Not Recommended,220700,13569780,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,BJango Unchained,"RPG Maker VX Ace is the first program I have seen to downgrade a coding language. Ignore this and buy RPG Maker XP. If you buy it withing two days of signing up for it, you can get it off of their website for 25% off for $18.75. Creating sprites is a blast and designing an environment is easier as you can customize your environment with layers.Buy RPG Maker XP instead of RPG Maker VX Ace."
,Recommended,220700,15138065,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Asylum Bound Games,"Great program, but I would recommend Unity over this if you are able.This has no cross platform capabilities however it allows allot of customization."
,Recommended,220700,32381318,Posted: 12 June,all,soysauce,"It's a nice program for those who are just learning game designing or for game designers who want to experiment with 2D RPG. The interface is pretty straightforward and clean, but does not come with a tutorial. So it will take some time to figure out. There will be a lot of time invested to have something working nicely though, the quality of the game will depend on the creativity and passion of designer/creator.  The output resolution of the VX ACE game is 544×416 though, which is small. I reccommend only if discounted.*note there is a newer version out now, RPG Maker MV. improved and revised"
76561198102390851,Recommended,220700,32779604,Posted: 25 June,all,Original Art,"RPG Maker VX Ace is a great platform to start a quick game development if you're bored or if you are serious and want to develop a game such as I, it is great for that too."
,Recommended,220700,25354972,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mister_Max,"I admire this software mainly for it being easy to learn, and having potential as a game development software. For those who are new to developing games like myself, I would grab VX Ace or any RPG Maker software and get to learning the basics. As with all things, learning something with VX Ace takes time and creating something good takes even longer (I am currently working on two projects, one as a start and another I hope to release at some point). Creating new things to put into the engine is time consuming, but patience is what is needed to get anything done. If you have a basic idea for an RPG that you would like to have see the light of day someday, downloading the Lite Version and toying around with the RTP Graphics to get a feel for the software is highly recommended. I myself purchased the software after getting the lite version of VX Ace, and I do not regret my purchase at all."
,Recommended,220700,29326624,Posted: 17 January,all,Im Dm 🎃,"Even after a new generation, RPG maker VX ace still stands up as a great game developement prgram. But don't misunderstand me, RPG maker is very basic. This program is a platform to tell a story. You won't be doing much of anything else here."
,Recommended,220700,26169733,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,IkusaTakuma,"In a Nutshell: Excellent game engine that's easy-to-learn and easy-to-use, you'll make your first game in no time at all.Pros:- It really is simple enough for a kid to learn, no really, I made an experimental game in about 30 minutes, I'd say you will probably take a good 2 hours to figure out enough to make something good but it absolutely is easier to make a game in this than say, Unreal Engine (which I would not recommend unless you've already made a couple games already).- Runs on just about any computer, I'm easily making games on a cheap Lenovo G580 with bare-bones specs, if my laptop can run this, any computer can (ok, a Commodore 64 won't be able to... but still)- If 2D RPG games like on the NES or SNES is your thing, this engine will most certainly be worth every penny.Cons:- You are limited to only RPG games, that said, if that's what you want to make this isn't really a con.- Limited graphical capabilities, I think just about anyone is able to read the description but this engine is pretty bare-bones, this engine is DESIGNED for beginners, thus, if you're already experienced and you're looking for something that won't limit your game design skills compared to whatever you had before, don't buy this, buy something like Unreal Engine which is made for more experienced developers.Overall this is well worth the money, because it's perfect for a beginner or someone who has no skill of any kind in developing a game, sure it might take 1-2 hours of tutorials on youtube to figure stuff out, but it's most certainly easy to use after that."
,Recommended,220700,29238314,Posted: 13 January,all,Choe,Easy to use.
,Recommended,220700,10307632,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Mark All As Read,"It's a great engine and I will write a better review later, but what I wanted to say now is that instead of buying it for the 19 dollars that its on sale for right now, or full price, you can buy it for 1$ and redeem it ons steam in the humble weekly bundle until June 5th. So I reccomend you do that."
,Recommended,220700,23910880,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,shaq,"It's better than MV, and worth it.You probably would want to try out GameMaker if its not on sale though. I got it for $7 on sale, but if you want to be a gamemaker and are on a low budget you should just pass this one up. If you're desperate go ahead and get XP or something. This is the best one in my opinion."
,Recommended,220700,23299965,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Hellwrath,"Managed to snag this on the Steam sale for just £11, now it's back to £52.99 - bargain!!I've used RPG Maker VX for about 7 hours so far and have been delighted by how easy it is to use. I have to admit at this point, that I do have some experience in programming languages, so I do have an understanding of variables, events and functions that beginners may not, but I don't think a huge knowledge of programming is essential for using RPG Maker (but it helps).Creating maps/levels is as simple as 'painting' textures onto the map grid, a large number of textures are available by default with more available through DLC (or import your own). Same goes for sound effects, character sprites, etc. The events interface is where you will be spending most of your time once you've designed your maps, the deceptively simple interface allows you to build interactions with objects and characters; buy/sell objects, trigger events, unlock secrets, change NPC behaviour to the player and control the flow of quests and objectives.Well recommended for budding game developers out there, you probably won't make millions with your games, but with RPG Maker, you can export your work to show off to friends and family or even sell to the public (if it's good enough!).The latest version of RPG Maker is MV (available on Steam), and I am now tempted to get the latest version."
,Recommended,220700,21690970,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,COOL CAT,I LOVE RPG Maker VX Ace! It's EXQUISIIIIIIITE!!!
76561198051308152,Not Recommended,220700,10739823,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ghee Buttersnaps,"If you just want to have fun and make a simple game about an orphan-turned-prince who saves the kingdom, this software is going to be exactly what you want. If you fancy yourself a future CEO of Square-Enix or have even a semi-complicated or ambitious game, you will soon realize that this is not software for the faint hearted. Unless you're ready to take the step from casual storyteller to a fulltime developer, you will never make anything worthwhile. Not only will you have to fork over serious cash for all the DLCs, youre going to actually have to study the software on a level you probably were not anticipating.If you want to make an innovative, compelling, and original game, this software is not for you (unless you have no job and an endless supply of money and resources and a passion for retro gaming)."
,Recommended,220700,8257390,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jack Hughman,"RPG make is an interesting program...asset wise comes pre-packed with a full smorgasbord of characters, items, tiles, audio, and a pre-balanced battle system. While you'll still ultimately be limited by what assets you have (you should see my really ugly improvised boats), they go a very long way, especially with the character creator that creates unique sprites giving you a wide cast.  DLC asset packs can bolster it further, just note integrating them into the game takes a little messing around with folders and isn’t automatic. Haven’t looked up fan made/modder’s asset packs, but I bet those a great as well. (edit: they are, especially easy now with Workshop)Scripting events and designing scenarios is very straight forward and ridiculously easy, you’ll be easily self taught if you have enough technical knowhow to write as much as a batch script. Occasionally it underwhelms with options, for example, I was unable to have party members move independently of the leader outside a cut scene. However, there's a good deal of mods out there that fixed this for me and more, and should definitely be looked at for more complex projects. I was still able to do plenty of neat things without mods, like having a desaturated flashback with a different playable character and storm effects.Overall, if you ever had the passing interest in making a video game with zero skill, this is probably your best bet. You don’t need to be a coder, artist, or writer to get really far into something pretty decent, and at 18 bucks on sale its worth every penny.As a side note, this gave me a lot more respect for game production, 55 hours in and I can’t even get through making a introduction..."
,Recommended,220700,18092152,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,The Rapt Rookie,"RPG Maker VX Ace is the superior means by which to make role-playing games. Traditional RPG design is difficult and confusing, while RPG Maker’s simple and elegant design makes role-playing games easy to create. While traditional design uses clunky, unintuitive programming languages that complicate the process and makes only the most elitist programmers capable of making anything substantial, RPG Maker uses Ruby, which puts user needs first. RPG Maker allows even an unexperienced developer to effectively create a memorable, powerful experience. RPG Maker is better than classic coding in many, many ways.With traditional RPG development techniques, the majority of the difficult work is pure coding, and even the slightest issue can result in hours of searching through confusing code to find a solution, which can lead to further issues if the wrong part of the code is altered. Likewise, even if the correct piece is changed, the repair of one error can lead to further problems should there be multiple times when the code is utilized. However, RPG Maker VX Ace uses a special system where you can generate individual objects, character interactions, player characters, and levels without viewing any code whatsoever. No knowledge of coding is required, as entire games can be built through only scripting and imagination.Of course, programming is still possible, and made easy as well. Clunky, unintuitive programming languages made by and for elitists have been common for quite a long time, yet RPG Maker’s Ruby programming is built to be easy to use, and shares heavy similarities with the English language. Capable of computing addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and even exponents and percents in single lines, Ruby is a simple, powerful way to improve upon a program, such as an RPG video game.Many developers have proven the powerful potential in RPG Maker, such as Kan Gao from Freebird Games and his games To The Moon and A Bird Story and Mortis Ghost and his game OFF. Each instance is an instance of someone becoming popular and making money thanks to the simple yet powerful elegance of RPG Maker allowing them to create a quality game. They were small names at first, with no major games to boost them ahead, until their RPG Maker games became famous, and they became famous for creating them.RPG Maker is the simple, elegant way to create quality RPGs with ease. No need to mess with complex, clunky, and unintuitive coding and programming languages. RPG Maker’s superiority is unmatched. While elitists are struggling with complicated code and difficult bug fixing, RPG Maker users can use scripting to utilize their creativity more than code memorization. Ruby programming allows ease in the process of creating occurrences that scripting alone cannot do. Truly, RPG Maker is the superior choice."
,Recommended,220700,5417674,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,{NPG} Tsuaja [Saint],"Great program to have if you plan to make an RPG, but don't have any game making experience. You know how to use it, just so easily, I mean, when you learn something, it's hard to forget, since you'd be on it all the time (If you aren't on it for a while, then don't waste your $70, because unless you just make a very small game, it WILL take you forever)."
,Recommended,220700,15164560,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Filthy (Fossil) Digger,"I have no skill, but I used this to make a genocide simulator for my history class.I know, right? Awesome."
76561198048099590,Recommended,220700,9567076,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,EternalShadow,"A very impressive, powerful tool for making games. It's not to be underestimated - working on a game still takes a lot of time, but it's a coding-free process, perfect for those who wish to deal with just the theory and design principles that go into the making of a game without the hassle of code.Optionally, for those who wish to code, there is a script editor available which uses Ruby. Those who utilise this script editor will find another dimension to the software."
,Recommended,220700,30691645,Posted: 23 March,all,Throttle Kitty,"I can't suggest this program enough! I even suggest it over the newer RPG Maker MV! If you want something simple to play around with, or a way to make a more serious commerical project without having to learn all the complicated parts of game development, you can find no better program. Not to mention, it's incredibly affordable, espically when it's on sell!The community revolving around it is great as well, and plenty of people offer their created resources to you for free even in the commerical game projects. Just make sure you give them proper credit and make sure it is actually okay.It's very easy to learn as you go, just search any issue you have on the internet and you can likely find a way to solve it.I have been using this program to produce an indie RPG game single handedly the past year or so, and it's worked very nicely. I am still a ways out from being complete, but that is because of the scope of my project. A simple project could be completed quite quickly.And if you are put off my turn-based games, scripts even exist to make the combat closer to old Zelda games!All around, it's just very versatile, powerful, professional, and cheap.The only problem is, if you don't try hard enough, your game will come out very generic. :("
,Recommended,220700,28391638,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Pat,"RPG Maker VX ACE is a powerful tool to create classic RPG-Games. If you are a beginner, you can stick with the default mechanics and create little game to share with your friends! It contain all graphics, sounds adn events you need for a game. If you want to start a unique project you can dive further into mapping, scripting and re-design the whole interface. Even professional coders can use the framework to work with!"
,Recommended,220700,17256095,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Rhayne Lyte,"Super awesome program here peeps XD If you don't know how to do squat, (coding for example), give this a shot. There's a free trial too if you don't wanna spend any monies :P"
,Recommended,220700,17198626,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Teivel,"One day I was strolling through steam and what I thought was a game caught my eye, this was not a game it seemed but a way to create games, I was happier than could be expected, it looked as if I was going to be able to put my creativity into the makings of a game.I continued to dowload it, and with no programming experience I was still able to learn through tutorials and had questions answered by the RPG Maker community quickly and effectively, it wasn't too hard to pick up, events, tilesets, mapping and I started to put my game into motion.Now I have created a small, non profit game and am working towards making a commercial game, just seeing some of the beauty made with RPG Maker VX Ace gives me even more motivation to move forward, if you ever wanted to make a game and are willing to put in some time to learn the basics, or even go further and learn the advanced stuff than I would definitely recommend this software for you!"
,Recommended,220700,16899116,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Captain Obvious,Though it it took awhile to learn nearly all the ins and outs of the software it was worth the time. This software was exciting to learn and the hard work paid off for the finished product. All the new ways you can discover to do a scene or a battle are thrilling to discover. Though if you are wanting a quick game maker this is not for you. This software requires time and patience. I wish you luck if you have it and hope your own finished product comes out amazing.Rating: 9/10
,Recommended,220700,29103480,Posted: 7 January,all,OGBaconPantz,"This is very good for Indie developers and is very fun for playing around with and just doing random junk.  You cna make any game you want, as long as it falls within the limitations provided by the engine."
,Recommended,220700,30657889,Posted: 21 March,all,Silenity,Solid RPGMaker. Easy to use and comes with a bunch of pre-existing assets for you to make a fantasy RPG. Definitely a good option if you don't have the money for MV.
76561198351824438,Recommended,220700,29301298,Posted: 16 January,all,EvenSkydiver,Rpg Maker VX Ace is great for anyone who wants to make games.
76561198172094223,Recommended,220700,29133383,Posted: 8 January,all,jyb1,"No joke, this has a lot going for it. I was lucky enough to get it on sale a while back and now I'm doing everything I can to make a compelling epic narrative-driven RPG with exploration elements. The forums have a plethora of information and there are tons of people willing to help each other out with graphics, music, scripting, and troubleshooting problems (like the one I had today with a corrupted RPGVXAce file after a computer crash). The best information out there says ""start small and don't overwhelm yourself or you have a better chance of giving up on your project"" and they are right. The soft scripting isn't tough to break into after a tutorial and some of the harder scripting elements may put you off in terms of a game dev program.Overall else, this needs time and research (as well as consideration for others material, if they say royaly-free just credit them then do that and if they say contact them then do that etc) but it is a solid program for me so far. 10/10 for all of that which I mentioned (if the game files are gone forever before I can make the third mini-boss I will be livid though)."
76561198107350144,Recommended,220700,8642636,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dunkinpwnuts,"This software makes my life, I've spent a decent ammount of hours just learning how to do everything, including coding and adding custom scripts. It's great for anyone trying to teach themselves how to make videogames. And great for begining indie developers who love to get their hands wet. This game will also teach you very useful field skills such as bug testing, coding, scripting, story development, character development, class development, skill balancing, map creation, cinamatics, and many more. (No, it won't teach you how to spell or use propper grammar, just look at me; haha.)"
76561198083734001,Recommended,220700,12691371,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,itive2,"Sweet, simple, and easy-to-use. No scripting knowledge required, even if you do want to customize a few things, since you can usually just type ""rpg maker vx ace script"" into google and you can find hundreds of scripts made by other people. Allows for heaps of customization, including music, sprites, battlers, battlebacks, tilesets, faces/busts etc. You can make your own skills, but if you're like me and can't find the patience to make 100+ skills, you can use the program's presets, alter them, add to them, rename them etc.Heaps of resources, but you can import more from DLC packs, or certain websites.For advanced users, there's the script editor (if you have any idea how to make scripts using Ruby) and you can also learn parallax mapping which looks really snazzy but is also really fiddly.I definitely reccomend this program, especially for those with no idea how to make games. It's so simple and easy, that I started off with no idea how to even come CLOSE to making a game, and now I'm halfway through one!Best of all, I've found it to be pretty much bug free, so I can spend more time on making games than pulling my hair out!Definitely a program to buy, though, considering it's price, you might want to wait for it to be on sale first - that way you can get RPG Maker AND some of the DLC packs to kickstart you up.Have fun everyone!"
,Recommended,220700,10340280,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,『ＴＡＮＥ』ﾀﾈ,"This software is great! I learned how to use the friendly software one step at a time, without a manual, because logic just steps in after a while. You can make some seriously good games if you tried hard enough! ^w^"
,Recommended,220700,12535488,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Kvltist Dan,"One of the best RPG making softwares out there... if you're willing to spend $70 USD on the base product and another $1,426.97 USD on the DLC. Nonetheless if you are willing to spend some money on this, or wait for sales, it does pay off. All up a good program..."
,Recommended,220700,10807796,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,"all the rpg developers in the world who are worth anything got lazy and said 'you guys know what you want, go make it yourself'"
76561198007551524,Recommended,220700,8146280,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[LG] Clever Sleazoid,"Very extensive and very fun to mess around with. However, i suggest following some tutorials on their own website, though, before making an actual game."
76561198007429976,Recommended,220700,10840549,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RogueDeus,What can I say that isn't evident in the number of hours I've spent using this tool set?
,Recommended,220700,28707828,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Patrick <RJA>,"Have you guys ever played Sims? Minecraft? Any game where you can test your imagination by building?This one's for you. I'm hesitant at first to buy it, well I had plans. But with the 90% sale, man that's no question, it's freaking worth it.I've been playing this game since yesterday and I'm already hooked.If you're a programmer you'll even be more hooked. You can play this sh*t while studying at school. Lol11/10 would invite my own Programming teacher to play this game."
,Recommended,220700,6144217,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Blubbermaggot,"DO NOT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU LOVE BUYING EXPENSIVE DLC.Download the demo from the official site, see how powerful it is, but so poor on textures, sounds, etc.https://www.rpgmakerweb.com/products/programs/rpg-maker-vx-aceUnfortunately, you don't get anything else in the full version other than an unlimited-time trial version really.That's the main problem with this software; it's bought in parts."
,Recommended,220700,7798895,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Mincus,"When it says ""Simple enough for a Chid"" it means it, my 5 year daughter has spent hours creating and playing princess castles. My only suggestion would be to create a android port for our saved games. Loads of fun. Not worth more than $20, so be sure to get it on sale when you can."
,Recommended,220700,16111645,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,?DaltonSezHi!,I made the ultimate hentai game and my dad said he loved me
,Recommended,220700,9265996,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,DotA 2 was a mistake.,"only good for making chris chan rpg, kanye quest, or anything similar."
,Recommended,220700,10585195,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Beef Wellington,"Love it, hope to get more familiar with the features soon."
,Recommended,220700,10617012,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Not Louis CK,"A great learning tool or a fun platform for making rpgs.  The UI can be a bit overwhelming at first but once you learn to poke around you'll find plenty of neat tools inside.And for those who have a bit of coding experience under their belt, there's still plenty underneath that allows you to tinker with the fine details.  It's kinda funny really how RPG Maker turns coding into a game of itself: easy to learn, tricky to master."
76561198044591394,Recommended,220700,7517944,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Shapeshifter,"After countless years of using this program, the sheer depth and breadth of it is incredible. As someone who had no prior experience with game-making, this program allowed me to learn how to do so within it's confines with incredible ease.This program has so much potential and content that practically anyone can create something to their liking, and with numerous fan created content and support, it is ensured that you'll have the resources needed to do just that.Even if you lack the skill required in a certain area, whether that is artwork, coding, or even something as simple as coming up with a plot, you'll find the assistance you need to overcome these difficulties.As I mentioned before, I have been using this program for many years, and every time I start it I still discover something new, which only serves to further enhance the sheer quality of this product. I wholeheartedly recommend this program to anyone with an interest in game design, or even someone who just wants to experiment and mess around. Because as is sometimes said, the best things can come from the strangest places!"
,Recommended,220700,1758023,"Posted: 5 March, 2013",all,Gunstar Contra,I don't know why I bought this.
76561198029978533,Recommended,220700,10309006,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,America_Yea,A perfect development tool for a homebrew or indie game.  I was able to by myself with a 1-2 hour learning period create my own videogame.  It takes time but is well worth the buy if you have some to spare.
,Recommended,220700,13440917,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,The Meatiest Meat,"One of the best creator i've ever used. Does not take long to get good at it either. If you're willing to pay the $60usd then go ahead and get it. But if you can, try to get it while it's on sale."
76561198067586672,Recommended,220700,32427868,Posted: 15 June,all,PsiSteve,Never ending possibilities for making any kind of RPG you want. I've been using RPG Maker for years and highly recommend it to anybody with creativity. RPG Maker VX Ace makes game making incredibly easy for newcomers with shortcuts and tools geared towards all ages.
76561198069933238,Recommended,220700,10282380,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Compass Rose,"RPG Maker VX Ace is my go-to tool for creating games. Easy to use, novice friendly, and there's always more stuff to add."
,Recommended,220700,3926913,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,WeskerBot3000,"For those of you who♥♥♥♥♥♥and moan about how ""They don't make RPGs like they used to any more"" now you can make your own. So kindly STFU."
,Recommended,220700,9813136,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Ellye,RGSS elevated RPG Maker (from XP onwards) from a toy to a seriously good game engine.
,Recommended,220700,13491424,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,BredCoke,Pros:- Powerful enough for developers- Easy enough for beginners- Fun enough to kill boredom- Cheap enough for me- Workshop supportCons:- Controls are difficult to redesign- No Steam Cloud support
,Recommended,220700,13514162,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Vexsten,Cool tool for RPG fans who want to make their own game!
,Recommended,220700,29639895,Posted: 1 February,all,SpookDay,A fantastic program that's simple and easy to use. I highly reccomend using this version of the RPG Maker software.
76561198148519747,Recommended,220700,17743378,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,[SLG] Sharky,Excellent software. The best rpg game maker for beginners!!
,Recommended,220700,17151153,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,dalekdrummer,I LOVE IT!!!in this software you can do soooooo much i have played sooooo much so far.10/10
,Recommended,220700,17281435,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Wisdom Studios,"I adore this engine, I need to list all the pros and cons!PROS-Easy to use-Many great community scrips-Great customization-Great dev community-Amazing graphics for a Final Fantasy gameCONS-Too much DLC-Hard to find out many of the more advanced things in the engine"
,Recommended,220700,17487552,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Hound of Heaven,"True enough, it IS very simple. Being a sprite artist myself for several Pokemon Essential projects, and with only a brief look at the software, I can say this RPG Maker has the best results for the least effort."
,Recommended,220700,17499465,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,RiguyX,"It's an awesome... well... RPG Maker! Just as the creators say, it's easy to use (Like anything, though, you still need to put in effort!), but still powerful. Though the base programs for a game are already good enough for a finished product, you can improve them even more if you know Ruby. However, the highest resolution for a game is just 544x416. Of course, though, games are never defined by their graphics quality. If you want to just make a classic-looking RPG, then that is good enough.Overall, RMVXA is good for making retro-style RPGs, but is still very powerful!(Can't wait for MV, though!)"
,Recommended,220700,18027503,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,cancer society.gg rng,Really nice game developing software. Very in depth and easy to learn.
,Recommended,220700,26247544,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,LOL Noop Enemy,"I bought this with a 90% discount, so I can't really complain.I love the artworks included in the vanilla and the functions are really simple. So far, I have only been experimenting and learning how some of the features in the software works, but I'd say I already expected it to take me a while to learn everything, especially since I'm new to the RPG Maker series.I do have background in Games Programming and Development, so I'd say it helps. However, it definitely isn't necessary. I barely used any programming and I managed to make a simple game with my limited knowledge on RPG Maker. It really isn't misleading. It's so simple that a child could learn and use it, but it's still very powerful. (This is coming from someone who works with games)."
,Recommended,220700,25178722,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,The Last Xen,"A team and I are making a parody RPG called Sixth Empire with this software, and I gotta say I am extremely happy with it. Does not disappoint."
76561198080598417,Recommended,220700,25408949,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Idiot Sandwich,"I highly recommend this Soft for making games! It takes time to learn scripting, but if you know it, you can create amazing games in no time! The community is super nice if you have problems with anything. You can even buy the tilesets or get them free from the internet. It even has it own character generator! Also Y'all should buy the Character Creator HUB from Steam, it has everything you need to make your character if the in-software-generator doesn't have certaing things you need."
76561198046078044,Recommended,220700,29302039,Posted: 16 January,all,Sir Larry,I use to spend hours and hours on this having fun building what I want... Time to start doing that again.9 out of 11 would play again
76561198350036757,Recommended,220700,29582827,Posted: 30 January,all,TheMinecraftJam67,Super useful If your starting to make your own game but can't code.Rpg Maker is better but this is okay to start with.Worth every penny :)
,Recommended,220700,25231373,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,✿ Rae ✿,"Freaking love this app/tool. Its so much fun to tinker with and play with. You can make any kind of game you want, especially if someone else has already made the spirte/script you need (saves time on your end if you cant/are too lazy to make the sprite/script yourself). I highly recommend this software to anyone who likes to tinker with RPG-style game making~"
76561198274489216,Recommended,220700,35114824,Posted: 21 September,all,linkyloo1212,"I love it, but I only use it with the old school modern dlc because I like the old graphics and it really makes me feel like I'm making an old ninteno game. It's really easy to use for someone who has never made a game ever. I also have mv on another account but this is the one I really recomend. I can't say how much I love it enough."
76561198083469316,Recommended,220700,9263559,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,JP Doctor,Fantastic program and very easy to get to grips with. Would highly recommend!
,Recommended,220700,8332803,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tysonius (TysonsWorldOfGames),"Well where to start, this program is very in-depth and well set, many different options to choose from to make your very unique RPG. Plenty of ""DLC"" of sorts to expand your options in game-making, including really awesome sound packs, beautiful textures and awesome game mechanics. 10/10I am having a lot of fun experimenting with the battle mechanics included in RPG Maker VX Ace, a really great system for battle, including many styles of fighting, classes and enemies, plus the ability to create your own :D 10/10The map making / linking is a little complicated and ill explained, but it works when you do it correctly, (I made a simple script to teleport a character between 2 islands) 9/10Overall a REALLLLLLLY awesome program for any game maker out there to try an RPG development. I highly recommend grabbing it and a few of the ""DLC"" for it too, you won't regret your decision to grab this :)(Side Note: There is a very in-depth tutorial walkthrough to help understand the basics to making a full mini RPG found here which greatly helped me understand:http://www.rpgmakerweb.com/support/products/tutorials)"
76561198032397728,Recommended,220700,10765443,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Integrity,An amazing tool I use everyday!Perfect for any adventuruer wishing to share the scenarios that run through their mind with the rest of the world!
76561198253707339,Recommended,220700,32365391,Posted: 12 June,all,JD,I'd say it's worth it for people that like things that are good.
76561198030778236,Recommended,220700,11972960,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Whygee,"This is a fairly flexible software that will give you what you are willing to invest into it.Let me explain.Starting up a project takes a long time. A LONG time. You have to fiddle with the characters. You have to fine tune their stats and levels. You have to make a non-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ inventory database. Monsters. Balance (omg). Mind you, you have presets to start with, but they sorta blow on many, many levels. Then you draw maps, you choose some music, etc. You can import things from sources, but it might take time to locate/download/import, while also not realizing if you can actually use those resources or not (at least mention the authors in some rolling credits somewhere).Then you have to... uh... softcode. It's not a string of C+ gibberish mind you, and you don't need a degree in computers, but it still has a bit of a dauting logic and attributes you need to figure out. Nothing is so complex that you won't be able to. But putting it all together so it works like a charm takes time. Much time.The end results? Varies based on how good you are at doing all the above-stated, and how good you are at actually making a game. It has to be fun. It has to be challenging. It has to be addictive. Is your game all this (after having done all the above-stated doodads)? I don't know.Luckily, you can easily find out with the integration of Workshop/Steam community and online. It looks like thousands of people are trying to make RPGs.If anything, it makes for a great hobby. For the rest, it's really up to you."
,Recommended,220700,23301288,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Agrias,"Like most others who have played this game, I have thoroughly enjoyed it and still have tons of ideas - even after 3,000 hours. Among the best parts of this game are its flexibility and the variety of scripts that are available to use. In short, I love it and would recommend it to everyone. Please reserve judgment until you have thoroughly explored this game and the possibilities within its engine. It is HIGHLY recommended that you explore the scripts to ensure you are able to create the exact type of game you would like."
,Recommended,220700,3024204,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,Fragile Annihilator Neko-Sama!,"Really impressive tool for game designers!No pogramming skills are required to develop a basic jrpg game so you can fully concentrate on the creation of immersive gameplay. Imagine that  you  have a programmer and an artist in your team who have already done their work - you only have to piece everything together! Not as easy as it sounds though. This program proves that creation of addictive gameplay is the most important - and often the most difficult  part of game creation.The user interface is quite intuitive so you can start your creative process just after looking through some basic tutorials. Once you get used to the main aspects of game creation you can experiment with bringing your own content to the editor. Just two clicks are needed to import your own graphics or music! The flexibility of the program also lies in the fact that you can write your own scripts if you are familliar with programming.That said, I can definitely recommend this powerful tool for the beginning game designers who don't know what to start with."
,Recommended,220700,31085913,Posted: 11 April,all,Saltay_,"Shockingly amazing. This is the best Game Program ever. I am gonna make 2 games with this and if that becomes succsesful, then I might make a last third one. Then I will get RPG Maker MV and start a newer story. I give this a 10/10."
,Recommended,220700,1003605,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,MattDementous,"As a game developer, I started with RPG Maker XP. RPG Maker VX Ace is fantastic and improves on RMXP in nearly every way. It lacks Linux and Mac support, which is a big deal, but makes up for it in usability. It takes only a few hours to have a general idea of what you're doing. In no time you'll be teaching yourself new tricks to do things for your very own game. Despite the name, you don't HAVE to make an RPG. For example Ib, a Japanese horror instant-classic, was made using RPG Maker XP. To The Moon, also, I believe. This program is worth every cent and a great starting point for aspiring developers."
76561198035019649,Recommended,220700,8736215,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,strappingyoungjoe,"While this program is not quite as easy to use as advertised, anybody with the desire to learn and research can make their own game.  After spending more than 100 hours exploring and testing all different aspects of this program, I have created maybe 30 minutes of gameplay.  I'd imagine most people would have more to show with that amount of time put in, but the beauty of this program is just how much you can accomplish with a little bit of effort.  I highly recommend RPG Maker VX Ace for anyone willing to put in the time it takes to take advantage of all the possibilities."
76561198007608802,Recommended,220700,8031772,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Nominal 1,"It's fun and easy to use once you have an understanding of the basics. I do recommend going through the tutorials and checking out a book "" RPG Maker for Teens"" big help for me. I have impressed my nephew with my RPG MakerVX Ace game as it stands so far. There is an asset packager that needs to be downloaded to save assets for distribution in stand-alone.  Meaning that the other machine you run the game on does not have RPG Maker VX Ace installed. RPG Maker VX Ace is worth the price, better on sale, if your into trying your hand at creating a 2D RPG from days of old. Feeling adventurous RPG Maker also lets you create your own Sprite and tile assets in your favorite graphics programs or Windows Paint to add to your games. If your familiar with Ruby programing you can change the functionality of RPG Maker itself. RPG Maker is time consuming and don't expect your version of Final Fantasy to be out in a month or a year, but it is rewarding and a great place to start."
76561198095960623,Recommended,220700,12114322,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Crosshinder,"Easy to use and simple to learn, Just look up tutorials on other spots you dont know.Also bought this at full price... steam decided to show its love and made it 17.99 3 days laterstill good though"
,Recommended,220700,21993541,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,FaltzOfficial,This program is really good! I'm making an RPG horror game with this and it is looking really nice.
,Recommended,220700,9048566,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,The Reborn,"This is a software that allows you to make RPGs pretty easily...as long as you don't mind them looking like everyone else's. All jokes aside, this is a pretty powerful tool that can allow you to make fun games. Several of these games have sold on the Steam store. Keep in mind, that is for people who know what they're doing.If you're a weekend enthusiast, this could be a fun tool for you to play with and build a game. Keep in mind that game making is actually work."
,Recommended,220700,24335114,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dr. Scratch,you can make a game that you name fallout 4 that's actually an rpgnew vegas/4
,Recommended,220700,9274957,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Lazarus,"This thing is amazing.With NO background knowledge in any sort of programming, or anything else like that, I was able to make a complete, 20-minute game with characters, a story, music, humor, sadness, equipment, dialogue, special effects, a dramatic boss battle, and a depressing ending.It only took me about 2 hours to do.It's amazingly simple to create all the events once you know how to do it.I HIGHLY suggest buying this while it's 75% off!I would even buy it for it's full price!Oh, and did I mention that you can share your games with other people?"
,Recommended,220700,10812079,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Legacy of Gain: Swole Reaver,"This software is perfect for bringing to life the cliche-riddled, poorly-written garbage that you've always dreamed would make you the new Japanese Emperor of Game Design."
76561198080165061,Recommended,220700,19920599,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Stink450,10/10 would use again
,Not Recommended,220700,23294158,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,rainbow road,"the DLC for this game jesus christ, just get RPG Maker XP instead"
,Recommended,220700,14689275,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sinathor,"It's okay. I've used it once or twice.You can like, make games and stuff. Is not hard. But is hard to make anything good. Effort is something that is required.Resolution is♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10"
,Recommended,220700,12581982,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,WoOOOOOodaba,yeah it's alright
76561198060917765,Recommended,220700,10388951,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,EndowVonEdwards,"a bit pricy, but i made my graduation project with it, and impressed EVERYONE"
,Recommended,220700,10614293,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MagnusKain,The best RPG Maker yet!!! There are a ton of online videos to help get you started. Easy to incorporate any original art or ideas. With very little knowledge of programming and a lot of hard work you can really put out some amazing games with this software.
,Recommended,220700,10640039,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Lewd-kohai,"RPG maker is certainly one of my favorite programs to use when it comes to my projects, as if the name doesn’t make it obvious, I use it to create RPGs.Usually game making programs either require the user to know about coding or even learn its own language (which is no problem at all) or they have pre-coded ""blocks"" which usually create bug filled ""games"" on the spot, which always end up scrapped due to the program being incompetent.RPG maker VX however is the only program that I have used which has everything to offer from the programmers, to newbies who know nothing about coding dreaming of making games, it gives you the choice to fully program the project or even use simple, efficient and most importantly easily tweaked coding blocks that allow anyone to create a playable and fun game no matter what their level of programming is.Some people would down vote it for it having the ability to ONLY create RPGs, which is unfair, this program is not made for the user to create a platformer, if you are looking for that, then this is not the program that you should be using, as if the title of it isn’t obvious enough.One thing that I found extremely appealing, is the beautiful visuals, it saves anyone like me who is bad at pixel art from the trouble of making a great programmed game, but with extremely horrible graphics, there’s so much variety, and the fact that you can even custom make a character from a large number of stock sprites simply amazing.I definitely recommend this over any other program out there when it comes to creating great RPGs, its easy to learn and it is certainly an extremely powerful and reliable program.I had no problems with the software, no bugs or crashes and everything appealed to me, RPG maker VX Ace gains a solid and well deserved 10/10."
,Recommended,220700,10585982,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,imsosickandfuckintiredofthephoto,idk what im doing.
76561198083651936,Recommended,220700,8276193,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,LtBenjamin,"Fun! I never thought I could make a game, but this software makes it easy. watch a few youtube tutorials and get free scripts coding to copy and paste and change things in the game and free resources online! It cant be converted to droid or ios or mac though, pc only, and only one game has been made with this and sold on steam so dont buy it for selling games. buy it to make a game and watch your friends play it and or just to have fun playing your own game. add bosses, dungeons, lots of premade maps or make them yourself, awesome music. I recommend the ds resource pack, cinematic soundtrack. heres a vid of the game i madehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EFM7v_DMcg"
,Recommended,220700,8042871,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Stryke,"This software... it's amazing. It has so many features to offer, and overall awesome. Yeah, there are a few problems here and there, but they aren't very big. It's like your own customizable RPG that you can do anything you want with. My name may be nobody, but I am somebody. Listen to me.9/10 - Recommended to all"
76561198025056894,Recommended,220700,10328023,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,scav395,odd but once I did some basic things I think I could use it.
,Recommended,220700,13550427,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,PsychicParrot,Excellent for RPG games! Love it. A whole bag of fun.
,Recommended,220700,16031369,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,lilmak,"This is an amazing software. I'm just a beginner so it was kind of intimidating at first, but since there is multiple tutorials I learned pretty fast. 10/10 would recommend."
76561198102102490,Recommended,220700,16050096,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,lbsexton18,"This game fills me with nostalgia for the games I played when I was younger. I love creating games that remind me of what I consider the ""golden age"" of rpgs."
76561197987447200,Recommended,220700,10116961,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,XTR6000,"Preeeetty good- a lot more room to maneuvre and make your own modifications to the standard Jap RPG engine than i thought-   a good creative tool, and good as an introduction to programming. The Starcraft 1/2 editor is also recommended for the same reasons."
76561198062258382,Recommended,220700,14484257,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Zoruacrossing,"I never would have thought that it would be possible for a development tool to be so easy yet so unlimited. Whether you want to design professionaly or just want something enjoyable to work on, then RPG Maker is something I would highly recommend."
76561198122961157,Recommended,220700,13704669,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,pokelegomon,Yes this is a good game maker for beginers to use. The DLCs are fun to have a put in your games.The community is very helpful if you still don't understand something.  The one thing I don't really likeis that it doesn't really give you a step by step guide but it does give you script guide.Siome of the DLCs might need some improvement but for the most part is great to have.
,Recommended,220700,13654134,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,BOO!!,"I bought this thinking that I would make some super mediocre rpg game that I could be really proud of.I have no idea what I'm doing, because I'm too lazy to bother figuring it out.This is a great resource for those who are actually willing to try to figure out how to use it."
76561198183092290,Recommended,220700,16821802,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,NO_sc0p3d_JFK(alt3ma),"ive used it since rmk 2000, if your going to buy this its a good engine to start with for 2d products, how ever if you planning on making money of this engine ide more use this for prototypes then i would full productions."
,Recommended,220700,17305613,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Tactical Cupcakes,"Software is solid. Might take a little bit to master, but it definitely doesn't dissapoint."
,Recommended,220700,16707580,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,WOOMY MAKES ME MOAN IN SQUID,"I've been using RPG Maker since the RPG Maker 2003. Right now VX Ace is my favorite, I prefer the sprites from XP but I love the range of things you can do in this one.9/10"
,Recommended,220700,16126615,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,YouRock379,very good and easy to use and share your work. I recommend it to anyone who like RPG games or have had ideas for a game and never really had the training or know-how to develop a full game. 10/10
,Recommended,220700,16085889,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,⎛⎝xXZombi_PandaXx⎠⎞,"At first glance, Rpg Maker VX Ace seemed complicated with all it's advanced tools. I thought I'd never get the hang of it. Lucky thanks to youtube it proved that Rpg Makers tool were not as advanced as I thought. What I mean is it made it easiler for me to understand the concept of the tools, I found it very helpful. I've already started constructing my first Rpg game and it's no where near to being complete. I'm still learning how things go but, it won't take long until I master it and become I fully educated Rpg maker. I loved making games in the past with internet websites and I still do but, now since I have Rpg Maker VX Ace, I plan on devoting most of my time creating the perfect rpg to my liking. If you want to become a game designer in the near future, let Rpg Maker VX Ace be your first step. It's well worth your money, trust me."
76561198084025548,Recommended,220700,9367320,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,dagerman789,It takes a bit of getting used to but great for beginners or people who hate programing.
76561198075106730,Recommended,220700,16512447,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Aztec God of Fitness,"A good engine to start off with, but it does not do very much. I would reccomend only buying it when it is under $20 on sale. With scripts by people such as Yanfly, the mechanics get much deeper. But at face value there are little to no options in your gameplay, and you are very limited without knowledge of coding. However, it is a great program for beginners to game design, specifically RPG's, and then you can move on to things like Unreal 4 (as its now free)"
,Recommended,220700,16044484,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Mr Swo̷̓͌̓͊o̷͊̄͘͠pies,"This...This is amazing.RPG Maker VX Ace allows you to create a Final Fantasy like RPG game. That's it. People have told me how difficult it can be to learn the basics and where to start however, once you watch a few Youtube Videos you're off your feet and good to go. With that comment it would be nice to have some small, in game tutorials for new users like myself. After playing around with this program for about a day I was able to create a fully fleshed boss battle.If you're looking for an easy RPG creator then this is the perfect software for you. The price is a large number, but it's worth it. (Lucky for me i got it on a special offer!)"
,Recommended,220700,13113769,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Joey Rigatoni,Really easy to pickup and learn highly reccomended if you're able to aford it
,Recommended,220700,16063713,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,turtlesoupe,"Oh my Lord this game is PERFECT for those who want to build a Final Fantasy like game! It is incredibly easy to use and is very user friendly. There are a few bugs in it but overall, 10/10!"
,Recommended,220700,16080553,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Grace,"First of all, I'll start this out simple. Should you get RPG Maker VX Ace? If you're looking for a program that you can make games with that really doesn't require any coding knowledge, then YES! YES YOU SHOULD!Pros:Very Easy to useHas a great variety of tiles to build withIs easily customizable to create your own characters, weapons, monsters, etc.You can import your own tilesets and music for more variety in your gameAll in all, I can't think of any cons this software has. RPG Maker VX Ace gets a 10/10 in my book.So should you buy it? YES! YES YOU SHOULD!"
,Recommended,220700,7412375,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,hatsunator,Great for any one who wants to make video games!
76561198121603826,Recommended,220700,14383292,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,wenseynarvaez,"I really love this.... I have some problems as for when it goes to the fight like the background gets all twisted like a tornado seen from above. But I love this program, I have so much freedom to do what I like.If you gonna buy this, have in mind that if you want to make the game JUST the way you want, like ALL the details, you need to know how to script. By the way I don't know how to script, but im learning bit by bit."
,Recommended,220700,8651942,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Midnight Lost,Very fun program to use and extremely easy to use with a very small learning curve.
,Recommended,220700,15154376,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Alex™,"It's a little bit tough to understand, but with enough YouTube tutorials and advice from other users, I'm sure I'll be able to make my own games in no time."
,Recommended,220700,16016871,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Torkool,"I have A LOT of time and experience with this program, and I have to say from hour one it was a breeze to learn. It was actually fun to use, too! It's very simple, and probably the best software to make a classic RPG style game, or any game for that matter! VX Ace has the friendliest GUI I've ever used before, and I've used a lot of programs!I think $70 for this is really good, but right now it's on sale for $14 and if you have even the SMALLEST dream of making a game like that, DON'T PASS THIS UP!!! $14 is an INSANELY good price for such a wonderful program!It's super easy and very friendly even if you have absolutely zero experience with anything game design, and it's still REALLY good if you have experience with programming, as it can be pretty flexible!Last, I just want to say the community for this software is huge, too! If you don't know how to do something, or you want a custom script to do something, there are TONS of people out there still helping other creators to make their own games. There are tons of forums, tons of videos, and tons of people out there still ready and willing to help you with any problem you might have!Seriously, don't pass this program up, and don't underestimate it! I doubt I'll ever find a program easier, or more fun to use EVER! 100/100 I haven't had a single problem a little brainstorming didn't solve."
,Recommended,220700,9376798,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ViciousDefinity,"Great, easy way to make old rpg type games. Simpe interface, LOTS of options. Awesome product for the budding game designer or creative person."
,Recommended,220700,10083187,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Slayer Wolfather,"This is an amazing tool to work your ideas and fantasy, some of this become true.Full of fun, easy ways to create, better if you like to think more than have inside the box.It's necessary dedication and spirit, if you know how to change it's plattform, awesome, but if you still like the classic RPG, wonderfull."
,Recommended,220700,15016128,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Reaver,"This is a great software to use for starting out on building something, I'd highly recommend buying this when on sale if you're curious on what it can do and don't wanna spend a lot. though the program does have some cons it's still great.Pros:+Pre scripted+Pre Rendered graphic sets (enemies, tiles, characters)+Built in character generator+Pre composed music+Comes with a manual and pop up info boxes if you get lost on how things work+Can easily import your own content into your project+Scripts are easy to apply and find+Set tabs for everything you may need for a standard RPG+Customizable title screen with title name on the background (Draw Title)+Custom resources for fan made games can be easy to findCons:- Scripting requires Ruby 3 (no HTML5 or Java)- Most DLC Isn't worth what it's priced- typos in the armours tab (""Leather Hap"")- Character Generator Face graphics come out odd and creepy looking- Character generator clothes and Neck don't have matching graphics- Standard battle system is similar to Dragon Warrior and will need multiple scripts to change (Yanfly Battle system scripts)- RTP Music is mostly either too happy sounding or too sad sound mainly in the title theme songs- A lot of people use RTP character graphics in their games so making a game from pure 100% RTP may not be that good of an idea.The manual can be of great help especially if you wanna know what the software is compatable with as far as Video format, picture size (544x416) or even how to script in actions, over all I'll give this software a 7/10though the software offer so much that so much is what people will more and likely use making being unique hard to do unless you're willing to learn a new coding language (CSS is used with Ruby so if you know CSS then that takes some work out of things)"
,Recommended,220700,13144638,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Coelacanth,"If you are debating on whether or not to use this software to make games or whether it's powerful enough to make the game you want, might I reccomend you check out the impressive number of games made with RPGMaker available through Steam? These games will give you an idea of what you can do with the software and your potential for distribution.Sweet Lily DreamsMillenium seriesDarkEndThe Sacred Tears TRUEVictim of XenDeadly Sin 2Legionwood 2Always Sometimes MonstersAveyond series3 Stars of DestinyLast DreamSkybornTo The MoonThe Book of LegendsLabyrinthine DreamsJust to give a sample. These games speak for themselves the quality of the tools used to make them. If you are planning on making a 2-D Top down RPG there is really no reason NOT to use RPGMaker VX Ace to achieve your goals!"
,Recommended,220700,7084576,"Posted: 7 March, 2013",all,RaDappa,"Awesome software, definitely worth the buy."
76561198025490125,Recommended,220700,14398146,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Silver1500,Absolutely reccomend this to any aspiring game makers out there.
76561198028844047,Recommended,220700,13552687,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,sjam101,"There are many layers, plenty of free programs to create an infinite library of resources, scripting can go from a slight edit to a major overhaul. Going with late SNES & early PS1? It's more than perfect with support of PNG files, If you don't have a transparent layer for your graphics save them as JPG to save space and decrease loading times. Audio support is OGG, WAV & MP3, (MP3 saves space, OGG is quality, Wav is quality but LARGE File size). Plenty of DLC, forums are incredible, lots of helpful and inspiring people."
76561198065425259,Recommended,220700,13631911,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Alaith Rose,"I LOVE IT! <3Simple and fun to use. Being new to the software I do find myself sitting and thinking about if i have things in the right order for a planned event to play out like i want but once it does work you have a great feeling of accomplishment!There are some great tutorials and guides around to help get you going. Planning on making a game based on mine and my fiance's text based RP's we have done over the years, so excited to get stared!There are 100's of tiles to start with and there is literally everything you need! I bought a couple of the extra sets at the same time I bought this and couldn't be happier! As well as tile sets there are all the sounds too.I can't recommend this enough to people who wanna give game creation a try!"
,Recommended,220700,16739894,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Epsilon,"Look at all this DLC I can't afford!But for serious though, if I had enough money I would buy ALL the dlc.Oh yeah, this executable file is fairly easy to use, but I would still recomend looking up tutorials. Have a blast!"
76561197987253937,Recommended,220700,10362762,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,ReenaWitch,"I fully enjoy the creativity of this software. It's decently user-friendly - I have NO previous experience in programming what-so-ever and it was fairly quick to pick up with a positive attitude toward learning the ropes. It's been a great experience so far and I know I have a long way to go and I'm excited to take the journey. The only limit is your own creativity (making me wish I had a little more!) Highly recommend for those that enjoy expressing creativity! (...so, like, everyone? ;P )"
,Recommended,220700,10024143,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Synidew,"I really like this software. Perfect for newbies, plus there is a whole community for RPG Maker VX Ace. You ever need help, ask me or someone athere."
76561198301514389,Recommended,220700,26734266,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Dream Chaser,"It's a powerful tool alright, but it has a learning curve. I haven't gotten ahead of it, so I can't judge how much of a curve it is, but if you've wanted to make a basic RPG look no further."
,Recommended,220700,13572342,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ParteeHardee,"This program is so user friendly. It slowly inspires you to think outside the box and make your own adjustments to make your creations have extra creativity. The program doesn't inspire innovation other than your view on how games work. Their is a bit of a learning curve, but as soon as you leap past it, your making events, characters, and interesting effects in the blink of an eye. I honestly don't suggest getting it at full price though and would wait till there is a nice steam deal. Any price around $20 is extremely worth it if you plan on taking the next step into the creative side of you."
,Recommended,220700,12366323,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,♬Lightning Strike♬,Overall it is very good! you can make your own maps import your own content and theres very good dlc!i like the database theres alota stuff to mess around with.whats good about this game:1) the massive selection of the dtabase2)good events and scriptingwhats bad about this game is you cant get any other formats but the 1st person styledbut overall recommended!
76561198067138658,Recommended,220700,8122936,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,FreakingAwesome1,It's very good
,Recommended,220700,6792203,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,DarkZeroWarrior,"As difficult as it can be, it is fun making your own work in this wonderful program."
,Recommended,220700,10057408,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,purestprodigy,"If you're going to make a sprite-based Japanese styled RPG there's almost nothing simpler to do it with. Everything's right there for you and even if you're completely useless with Ruby syntax, the robust eventing system give you tons of control and the community has literally hundreds of plug-and-play scripts."
76561198069996299,Recommended,220700,10319139,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Blitzy Kins,"Love it. It's a great and fun program, and it is very easy to learn. It's perfect for all ages who want to make a simple RPG game. I highly do recommend using this software. There are tons of content to choose from, or simply make your own from other programs and import on here. Only downside I don't like about it so far are the DLC's, but other then that, it's a good software for new beginners."
,Recommended,220700,14680884,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sealion,Sometimes I use it.
76561198046507976,Recommended,220700,9915627,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Akios013,Best RPG maker I have come across I love using this.
,Recommended,220700,9893044,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Zyrphon1988,So...Much...Fun...
,Recommended,220700,4002722,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Zalerinian,"Great software for making your own game. It's extremely customizable, and a lot of fun to work with. The community is a lot of help, too."
,Recommended,220700,10721983,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,spidderman,"I used this program for my capstone Game Design BFA project--importing stuff is easy, programming events is easy, and letting the player steal infinite pens from their professor's office cabinet is easy. It was a little difficult to learn at first simply from the sheer amount of options and functions but RPG Maker has an extensive forum community of game designers and programmers so help with the in-game functions (and occasionally free, user-created scripts) has always been a quick google search away."
,Recommended,220700,11279129,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Yokai,"This one brilliant program. The base item, while relatively expensive, I'd say is a must for anyone thinking on developing their own game, especially if they don't have the skill or funding to make a full 3D skyrim-style thing, which, most of us don't. If for some reason the base item doesn't offer exactly what you need, there is a huge quantity of custom scripts offered for free by people on the internet, and huge libraries of sprites and other images and sounds for when you decide the base ones offered aren't quite enough. The program itself is incredibly simple to use and there's a guide on how to do pretty much everything."
,Recommended,220700,12087364,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ECKS DEEEEEEEZ NUTZ LOL,"This software is brilliant, it allows people of all ages to create a video game.And all it takes to do it is a little practice or research.The RTP allows for easy resource access, credit to Enterbrain, and workshop integrationallows for nearly infinite resources for infinite types of games.♥♥♥♥in 10/10"
,Recommended,220700,16481147,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,AllYouCanLeet,Like Skyrim but top down10/10
76561198072653707,Recommended,220700,12091695,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,ModularDeadeye,It was a little confusing to figure out at first but the guides and video tutorials quickly turned that around. The amount of detail and customization is unreal. It was worth every penny and I still had some money left over to buy more DLC which btw was also worth it. I would recommend this program to anyone who has intrest in making games in the future.
76561198073084948,Recommended,220700,10604017,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Diobacco,Very easy to use but you can make some great games wi th this.
76561198046355379,Recommended,220700,16302372,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Bloo,"This is a wonderful program and I have used it many, many hours.Pros+Tons of really nice default graphics, sounds, and some nice music.+If you don't want to use the default resources, you can upload your own (Or someone else's) graphics, movies, sound effects, music, etc.+Very versatile to an extent.+You can use scripts with this!+Several internet communities are around dedicated to this software.+Tons of more pros, but I'm tired and want to actually FINISH this review XDNeutral Points=Can only really make RPGs and possibly (POSSIBLY!) platformers.Cons-Can't make 3D games as far as I can tell.-Some aspects are limited as this is largely not scripting.-Cannot do first person.Overall, I do recommend this software to people, at least those who wish to make a 2D RPG that is NOT first person."
,Recommended,220700,16025907,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,PepperoniNipples,"It's great software, because it's easy to make new models and textures for games, and once you have the models and textures, it's very easy to apply them. It's easy to script, and the only hard part is making a story that will captivate your players. It's sad that so few games made in this engine are abandoned, because it's one of my favorites (source sucks...) so yeah, get it on sale, it'll be worth whatever you pay for it... or, you know, whatever you wanna do... i really don't give a darn.... :P"
,Recommended,220700,16485872,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Grim Sleaper,I bought this for my steam library in hopes that I can finance my steam library.
,Recommended,220700,20336157,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Spookytown,"Bit pricy, but has alot of freedom and is easy to use. 420/69"
,Recommended,220700,24031083,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Eligamefreak,Its a great system but there no tutorial for the database
,Recommended,220700,28954655,Posted: 2 January,all,✨💕 Crypt 💀 Queen 💕✨,"I've used RPG Maker for years, off and on. It's a powerful little engine if you just want to mess around making games. It's very user friendly and easy to customize."
,Recommended,220700,10590908,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Königstiger,Great game for reminding yourself how uncreative and lazy you really are. I've almost finished 3 characters in 2 years.
76561198145772986,Recommended,220700,13823467,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,CaelanGM,"First off, I want to say that RPG Maker Vx Ace is a great software that has already gained plenty of attention and has a great community. I only have about 8 hours put into it now, and I can honestly say that around half of that has been troubleshooting. I've had two major problems (With background music and cutscenes), each of which has taken me around two hours of googling and messing around to fix.Pros:- Easy to use with next to no knowledge of programming and minimal knowledge of how games work- Great community and, with the attention it has, there are tons of user-made tutorials- Plenty of tile sets, character models, and music, with the ability to import more- A built in character generator-An easily accessible help sections with search function-Comes with contract for releasing games for public use (Not sure about tiny details, though)- tons of free user-made content (Graphics, music, etc.) online and in steam workshop.Cons:- Not easy to learn at first, with some confusing terms- PriceyOverall, this is a great software for anyone interested in making a game, whether for personal or commercial use. If you are planning on purchasing it, however, I would wait for it to be on sale."
76561198136088636,Recommended,220700,16215919,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Kyuseishu Savior,"While I do think this game is good there are some improvments that should be considered1.A Sprite MakerThis would allow players to make there own pixel for charcters, monsters, items, and even blocks!2.A TutorialYes people eventually get the hang of it but when I started i had no clue what to do."
,Recommended,220700,10348096,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Jones Comoreto,"Great tool. Since its Win 98 format till now, RPG Maker is growing better and better."
,Recommended,220700,10312659,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Flexicute your Thot,Good
,Recommended,220700,24664195,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,keef the nazbol reindeer,ey this program aint that bad
,Recommended,220700,14179698,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Phantom Sniper,"An improvement over the original RPG Maker VX, sadly I cannot transfer my old RPG Maker VX game files into Ace so my long standing project will remain in VX. A large improvement as adding a Character Generator allows you to customize sprites. If you have worked with any of other Enterbrain product you know what to expect. Scripts are in an improved Ruby. Once I move along from my current project I'll be using this."
,Recommended,220700,12162280,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,✖ Jerry,"Bought during a sale, and man, am I glad I did. Worth every penny.Seriously, if you've thought about making an rpg style game, I highly recommend this.I'm a newbie to making games myself, and the first I've tried is with this. It's honestly so damn easy to use once you get the hang of things, which doesn't take long. The hardest thing I've come across so far is the tile sets, but thats because I was too dumb to realize that tile set A goes in the A slot, and B in the B slot and so on (even though they were all labelled..).Another great thing I like is that you can create your own icons for characters and import them, so you're not just stuck with the anime-esque ones that come with the program. I bought a bunch of DLC which was also on the sale. Really loving the DS+ one. Really nice style to them pixels.Still working on my first game, but now that I've got a handle on how the tile sets work, I'm getting through it faster. Third time trying because the first two maps I made when I got this, I messed up because I didn't know how they worked (who'da thunk the tiles would change when you change the tile set you're using, huh?). But guys, really, this is so easy. If I can do this, you can do this.It's also slightly addictive, considering I was up til after 6am using it without realizing... But then again, my clock battery died.You can make cats meow."
,Recommended,220700,19115979,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,UltimaCJ,"This program is awesome and it has a lot a bang for it's buck.  Especially if you get on sale.I've used many game maker programs but never completed a game with them, with RPG Maker I took a risk even at a sale price and gave it a shot.  Suffice it to say I made my very first video game and now working on the sequel!Pros- Good starting content (w/o DLC or anything else)- Simple interface overall- SNES like style game development wise.- The only limit is your imagnation.  Make 100's of items, key items, monster, spells, ablities, events, aninmations and more.- Powerful and very easy to use for the most part, unless you are trying to do complex things, then you'll need do a little tinkering with.- Great overall community for the most part at the RM community.- Make free or commerical games!- Tons of DLC you can get as well as off site content- Lots of scripts to use and most of them are free.Cons:- Decent amount of content but if you want more, you'll need to either purchase the content or find it.- To give your game more ommph, you'll need scripts.  Most are easy to use but it's good to have a small understanding of the RUBY system and this can take time.- Lack of features of useage of scripts and modifying the game, or the battle engine variety.  You'll need scripts to do that.- The community is pretty good although some (including the mods) while helpful do take this seriously so tread lightly.- NO grammer or spell checkOverall:Certaintly worth 70$ but if you find it on sale it's worth even more.And want to check out the game I made?  Scoot on over to:{LINK REMOVED}www.ultimacj.wix.com/ultimacjproductions"
76561198061590424,Recommended,220700,10878495,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Chicken Permission,"In my eyes, the cost is far too much. Buy it when it is $20 or less."
,Recommended,220700,2012619,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Kaede Akamatsu,"RPG Maker VX Ace is an interesting concept. I've played an RPG Maker long ago in the past, and had ambitions, but could never learn it back then at my feeble minded age. Now that I have grown older, read tutorials, practiced, and the like, I've been able to make substantial progress in an RPG I've been working on for the sake of practice. There is still so much I don't know, but I have all the resources I need. Speaking of resources though, this game only gives you so much, it's somewhat up to you to make things for yourself, or find resources other people made off the internet. This includes, at times, music, sprites, altering the dialogue box, making custom classes, characters, enemies and battle menu to look like it did in the trailer and etc. Some of these are as simple as changing numbers and a picture, like for items, character's, and enemies, others are much more complicated and sometimes involve things called scripting, variables, and calling common events. These are all still things I've yet to learn how to do and I feel as though even if I make the most amazing story with this game, it'll never reach the kind of exposure as any mainstream RPG or even indie RPG like Pier Solar's kickstarter. That counts as indie, right? Well, whatever, the point is, I can't imagine myself making a blockbuster game with this, but it's fun, and it will be fun to make something that I can call mine, even if I doubt it'll be worth anything to anyone in terms of monetary gain."
,Recommended,220700,14348534,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,~2Fresh2Lord~,Great to useMany things you can doEasy to use (once you get the hang of it)Fair price (Get told people who complain)Dlc is over priced though you can make most of the dlc easily (e.g. Monster sprites and character faces) (Exception to the example: you dont know how to do it or your not good at art)you can put in almost anything if you know how20/10 would buy again
,Recommended,220700,16575542,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,AwesomeBlueMan,"If you have an idea and you want to make it into a game, then buy this RPG maker. But, I recommend you get this with the game's start, and end in mind. Without these 2 facts, your game will go nowhere. I started mine with just the end in mind, make it a pot twist to maybe make another game (of course this is just the summary of it, for the sake of my recommendation), and with that and some help from some guide, I was able to make my game. I am half way through it, with about 45 minutes of gameplay. I went into this with no knowledge of how to make a game, even code. With time, testing, and some guides, you can learn how to make your game, your way, with your twists, with your characters, and with your kind of ending or plot twists.Thanks for reading."
76561198131904111,Recommended,220700,16586813,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,kamikaze9699,"Easy enough for complete idiots to flood the web with poorly constructed moronic copy-paste games to show off to their ""friends"", in-depth enough for those who have an ounce of programming logic knowledge and a decent enough idea to craft something of merit. Once you get into Ruby scripting, you can literally break the engine to suit a wide variety of design needs. Final product's screen resolution is one of the biggest problems, as it requires another DLL, which the legality of is in question. Other than that, a decent tool to publish some games solo with no experience required (although it does help), and plenty of DLC to help flush out music and graphics to suit your needs (assuming you lack the talent in those fields), and a great community to get questions answered and look for assistance (especially on their home site)."
,Recommended,220700,16687570,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,DetectiveJoel,"I'd only recommend this software if you have previous experience with their other engines(and if you get it on a sale).RPG Maker 2003 can accomplish a lot of the same features, even if it is less polished, and can be found free on the official website. Some noteworthy games made through this engine are Ib, OFF, and Yume Nikki. However, it is a bit more difficult to use, since setting up events are not color coded as they are in VX Ace and the events are not organized by type in 2003(or at all). Also, if you have experience in Rubyscript coding, you can write your own custom scripts through VX Ace. I've seen a lot of really cool fanmade additions that were made possible through it.It is rather expensive, but if you get it on a sale, it can go for around just $14. So yes, I would recommend it- if you have the experience and the patience."
76561198037488751,Recommended,220700,9771386,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,jdcat,"The core software is exactly what it says it is & I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that.  This comment is about:******************************** RURAL TILES DLC *********************************This DLC will NOT let you sit down & start cranking out a farming sim.  You are buying the tileset & a few small extras.  It does NOT include any crop scripting or eventing that I have found. You're going to have to build or look up how to build those scripts on your own.  They are available online, but you will have work to do.  No crops = no farm.The name is accurate.  It gives you a large collection of farming themed tiles & those tiles are very good.  The crop ""characters"" are also very good & include both 'watered' & 'dry' tiles.  The ingame clock and time display are also nice features for those who don't want to learn scripting or look-up the scripts on your own, but there are online examples of very similar systems for free on the forums.It seems odd to include those scripts & events, but to leave out any examples of how to make crops grow.  The product seems to be incomplete given the $30 price tag. Admittedly, the store page never claims it was a complete core system, but I can not recommend paying for the DLC at full price if you are just wanting something to play around.  It is a very expensive tileset & clock; however, if that is all you need, go for it."
,Not Recommended,220700,14650371,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MrFalsefulFury,Do not buy this software off of steam. It is a complete waste of money to get it off of here and you could be spending it on a lot better things. This game said it was on a deal at £50 and yet less than a month after buying it i find it on Bundlestars for £7 plus that money goes to charities. Complete rip off here! The software itself is decent however having to have steam open to use it aswell can be a pain. I reccomend finding it seperate from steam for cheap if you want to get it
,Not Recommended,220700,17229181,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,HiddenFlame,"I cant make anything because there is no ""HOW TO"" guide."
76561198117679871,Not Recommended,220700,16761136,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,War+Medic,"""I prefer XP's mapping and sprites, and Ace's scripts and database. Ace's database is much more flexible (and therefore more complicated).I use Ace for some projects and XP for others. I don't consider either of them to have enough pros or cons for me to choose one over the other. My holy grail would be Ace scripts and database combined with XP's mapping and characters. "" Qoute by User: ShazWebpagehttp://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/index.php?/topic/18209-rpg-maker-xp-or-vx-ace/In my own opinion, RPG MAKER VX ACE while the scripting is enhanced, the sprite sizing is a disadvangtage and kills the concept ""so easy"" atleast to novices.  For a steady-balance gamemaker for the Pros and the Beginners the developers (Enterbrain) should merge RPG Maker XP with RPG Maker VX Ace."
,Not Recommended,220700,12816811,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ωmega Guy,A great software for the new game creators (like me) butreally...60Euros for it... I would have to recommend it but the price is pretty horrible
76561198073565646,Not Recommended,220700,14386162,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Marlamin87,Engine is really outdated and you can't uses assets with another engine due to licence restrictions.
,Not Recommended,220700,16072702,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,SKKM HOPiotrczeka,"Don't buy this, because onwww.rpgmaker.plyou can dowland for free ( no cracked ) and put now version"
76561198213278984,Not Recommended,220700,17205137,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ML456$^^,"It's a very good software, but not so good for beginers like me."
,Recommended,220700,13085838,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Lyedar.gif,"This is a great piece of software. Many honestly great games have come from using this software. It's perfect for beginners as it builds many of the basic aspects of an RPG. For advanced users you can take control of the scripts (Even writing your own if you have the skills). While the software feels constrictive, once you understand the mechanics it's really easy to see the ""constrictive"" nature is to make the overall use simple for it's massive ability. I highly recommend using it if you've considering making a game. It does a lot of the heavy loading so you can see just how hard even the creative part can be."
,Recommended,220700,10784252,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,HS Gatherer,ye
,Recommended,220700,11776102,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Vira Layton,"ABSOLUtely fantastic, and easy to learn to use. Thoughm would recomend buying it when its on sale."
76561198031490204,Recommended,220700,7776430,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Bitman Absolution,It is a great publisher for creating games for your distribution or to play for yourself
,Recommended,220700,9264684,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Creepy2Face,I recommend the hell out of this... As long as you don't mind watching tutorials and spending a LOT of hours working on this. The interface isn't too user friendly.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05bpDVWevqw&list=ELJK7ba-qx7AgThat's a great set of videos to watch to learn how to use this software.
76561197987470199,Recommended,220700,9269729,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Mortaegus,"I've used the rpg maker software since RPG2k3, followed by the iteration of RPG Maker XP and RPG Maker VX. All told, I've spent close to 4000 hours messing around with the different versions, with the bulk of that time spent on RPG Maker XP.I have some reservations about the software. My biggest complaint has always been the difficulty of having one project handled by multiple people. There was never an easy way to have more than one person working on it at a time. I often ran a project in collaboration with my brother and another friend, so updating work that was done independantly into the main file was always an issue. This means that the software has always lacked a way to work collaboratively. The issue is still here in the newest version.Another of my larger complaints with version XP had always been the heavily restricted battle system. While better coders than me had made modifications to the (shudder) ruby script, it never allowed the versitility through the user interface that I was looking for. Those issues have been completely addressed with version VX. The battle system has far more flexibility now than it had in XP, reviving some of the features that made the battle system in 2k3 so strong. Status effects can be both positive and negative, and each character can support customized skillsets. A great improvement.But I feel they went wrong with the graphical style. Compared to the high quality 2D graphics of XP, which were reminiscent of Final Fantasy VI and Chrono-Trigger, RPG Maker VX chose to limit the design to a stylized 'chibi' which cheapened the environment and the characters. This was highly distasteful, and resulted in me maintaining my RPG Maker XP project despite the superior versitility of the VX interface and software. Futhermore, the layering for the map design functions poorly, refusing to allow too many objects to overlap. Parallaxing is the only way to fix this issue and that requires an enormous amount of time and effort to properly photoshop. Then came version VX Ace. With Ace, support was put in place to allow for larger sprites. That was half of the battle. I began an extensively time-consuming process of converting all of my RPG Maker XP content into the new wide format for Ace. Then I discovered that the 'infinite' allotment for tileset size doesn't function. The interface cuts the tileset short, limiting the amount of tiles that can be accessed on a single map page. I was a huge fan of XP because I could (and did) use a single tileset that contained literally EVERY single tile. Giving a single map a huge variety of different content. This is impossible in either version of VX. Also, the layering issue persists in Ace. I am not a fan of parallaxing.Although my review may have more complaints than raving support, understand that I began using this software because I was looking for a medium through which to tell a story. The story was, and is, more important than the game. The game has to be easy to play and not too grinding so that people can enjoy the story and explore the world I set about creating. For that purpose, this software performs remarkably well. I bring out the worst aspects of the software because over the course of a long project, as more and more time is invested into it, these issues caused repeated frustration and waste of time to figure workarounds (which usually involved parallaxing - did I mention that I hate that?). In short, know what you're getting into.I will endorse this software and freely recommend it to anyone looking for an easy method of releasing their creativity. As my project partners moved on with their lives the remains of our efforts are left unfinished. On the other hand, the story is really good, and I've begun adapting it into a book instead. If the software is ever improved to address the layering and tileset size limitations, I might come back. But for now I've put it aside.PS - Making a game is an ENORMOUS amount of work. I offer my respect and condolences to anyone commiting themselve to the effort. Good luck to you, and may your project end in completion."
,Recommended,220700,9507826,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,DIGITALBREAKOUT,"This is a really good software. It's easy to use and understand. Plus,you can create your own tilesets easy, inlcuded with that you cansell your game and you don't have to pay a license, you canalso sell your game with the default tilesets that come withthe program! I highly recommend RPG Maker VX Ace!"
,Recommended,220700,8290784,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Saracen,"Although the learning curve may be a little high, stick to it. This software is fun and addicting, you'll always be thinking of new ideas to add to your game and little features that really make it unique.This is great for people (such as myself) who want to learn the basics of ruby coding. Even though you can do almost anything without knowing anything about script it really can help.Just make sure to look at a few tutorials, and when I say a few I mean everyone you can find. Other members if this creative community will always be helping out newbies and giving hints and tricks to really save time.Pro's--Can create awesome and fun games- Relativley easy system to learn-A wide variety of DLC-Hours of 'gameplay'Cons--Unless your buying this on sale, it can be a little damaging to your funds-Although it can be easy to learn, to get the most out of this product its better to know code-Too addicting!"
76561198028877054,Recommended,220700,8271000,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,RhaegarTargaryen,"If you’re like me and enjoy the extreme linearity, or if you’re like me and don’t enjoy the linearity but like grinding through it to reach the plot then you should probably take up playing mind numbing JRPG’s as a side hobby. Now JRPG’s are often a mixed bag that come in many shapes and sizes, though most are familiar with the linear corridor, bland j-rock hair-do generica party style ♥♥♥♥ you very much Final Fantasy and your multi-million dollar sales to gullible western idiots parade, - there do actually exist a number of JRPGs that break from this extremely tedious formula.The games that you can ‘easily’ generate on RPG Maker are not one of these, or that is to say. Nearly every single game ‘developed’ or ‘designed’ in the default engine looks the freakin’ same.  Either because the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ using it, like myself, can’t make his own resources and settles on copy-pasta from resource websites WITHOUT PROPERLY CREDITING THE ORIGINAL CREATOR. I mean, come on. If you’re lazy enough to use other’s material then you’re not exactly going to mention who edited what nose on every face template you look at, are you? Oh look, generic prince protagonist number three’s ear was clipped by amateur artist number two. Woopty ♥♥♥♥ing doo.The software is fairly simply to use if by simple you’re referring to that child’s game where you put differently blocks into a pallet, OVER AND OVER AGAIN. It’s simple enough software, and it will take some time to get used to. I very much enjoyed coding in game engines, UNTIL A MAN RUNNING A UNIVERSITY GAME COURSE CRUSHED MY CONFIDENCE BY SAYING THAT ANY MONKEY CAN USE A PIECE OF SOFTWARE, but that’s besides the point. You can either stick with the default game engine coding or screw it up with a bunch of scripts. You also do not need to use default resources. It’s very beginner friendly but it has the added possibility of complex expansion if you’re a masochist who enjoys shoving chainsaws up his bum for a living.Many people confuse RPGMaker for a game disguised as a game engine, when in fact it’s actually a very sophisticated “2D” experience, 2.5D if you’re feeling especially adventurous. Several good indie games have come out of RPGMaker. Have I played any of them? No. Are they good? Yes. Why? Because let’s face it. In an ever flowing sea of Indie♥♥♥♥♥♥ when the community wholesomely agrees that an Indie game is good, it’s got to be."
,Recommended,220700,11474358,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Moondrelor,This program is great :) I'm loving every bit of it.
76561198096030185,Recommended,220700,12677206,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,CJBlazkowicz,"I decided to give this a go because I always wanted to make my own RPG, while it's much simpler than learning coding, I still had to get tutorials on how to make things work. I stopped working on the game I was developing (slightly based on Final Fantasy: Mystic Quest), but still want to finish it at some point, and this software made a majority of the work I performed easy to do. Once you have the basics down, you'll be flying through creating your own world. While some work can get tedious, it's greatly enjoyable, and some of the games that other users have developed is interesting. I recommend it for anyone looking to learn the basics of game design, or even if you just like writing and want to develop a world of your own to play in."
76561198066948073,Recommended,220700,9392394,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Snarlychameleon,"This is a great game, I spent days just making maps and storys for this."
76561198007936664,Recommended,220700,9269254,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Quickmind,"This software is quite amazing.  It makes creating an RPG very easy and allows for a lot of customization.  There are also dozens of add-ons to get that can help broaden your games and set them apart from others.  There is a slight learning curve but a little reading and/or experimentation will help you get through.Be aware that the battle style is similar to the Dragon Quest/Warrior series as opposed to Final Fantasy, and that the volume seems to be set quite high by default.  Otherwise, this software is an excellent piece of work and I would highly recommend it."
76561198027824191,Recommended,220700,10339038,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,littlewierdo,"Think SNES / DS style overhead style RPGS like Final Fantasy 1,2/4,3/6, Dragon Warrior, Lufia, etc. and imagine being able to create games in this style.There are some caveats which I will get to in a moment, but first...If you're looking for a game that absolutely demonstrates everything RPGMaker has to offer, look no further than Last Dream, also available on Steam. Among some of its numerous features are a custom crafting system, a completely unique class system, an 'endless cave' of sorts (Lufia), a very complex leveling system, gear, 8 unique classes, a 1000 page strategy guide in pdf form etc. Dont let the rather bland 'create your party' stop you, its my one complaint about Last Dream.The only reason I mention playing Last Dream is, it was created using RPG Maker which will give you a very good idea of just how much is possible, and believe me when I say, the sky is the limit with RPG Maker.The editor is simple enough to use for basic functionality like creating maps, creating monster groups for use in your maps, shops, npcs, modifying / adding characters, tiles, items, monsters, etc. and I would strongly recommend grabbing the demo, which I KNOW is available on their website but I think its also available on Steam.The problem with RPG Maker comes in what is required to make anything outside of the most simple things like doors (which require scripting). There are templates that make things a bit easier, for example, to make a door, you have to create a portal and thankfully, there is a wizard that will create the script automatically for you, but it gives you a glimpse at some of the potential compexity involved if you want to do anything more than the most basic of basic things.There are torrents and websites that have LOADS of resources that are free to use / public domain (make sure to explore the licensing restrictions, some are free for personal use, not commercial - ie. should you decide to sell your game). Also be careful as some assets are ripped from other games which may violate licensing agreements that usually include copyrights on art and sound restrictions. But, there are also many free and open resources, including very complex scripts, sounds, music, monsters, characters, objects, etc.Also of notable concern is the severe lack of any assets that come with the base game, as I recall, there are 2 monsters and only about 30 or 40 tiles in the base game so be prepared to go on the lookout for additional assets (or make your own).All of the art uses BMPs (possibly JPGs/GIFs), the sound is either mp3 or wav so its very simple to import your own assets into the game, although a bit time consuming if you download a large amount of assets (you dump the assets into the appropriate RPG Maker sub folder, then you have to import each asset one at a time through RPG Maker...disappointing).Overall, I think its a fantastic little program if not overpriced given what you get out of the box. And if you are looking to do anything more complex than having maps with doors, shopkeeps, and some dialog in your game, expect to learn some scripting / graphics editing / sound creation / stat tweaking.As one final note, there are TONS of tutorial videos on Youtube for learning how to use RPG Maker, I strongly encourage any users to make extensive use of these tutorials, it will make the entire process much less painful."
,Recommended,220700,10313459,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Liberation,"Overall... I highly recommend this for anyone who is looking to create something like an RPG, and wants to have a system that does just that, instead of many other programs. While the price tag seems a bit hefty, it's a game that's superbly worth the purchase (and compared to many other programs, it's actually light on the price). It may appear a tad daunting to work with at first, it's open freedom becomes a grace rather than something far too open and confusing. In addition, those who aren't savvy with sprite or script creation can either utilize countless online resources to enhance the structure of your game. And if you are a purist, there's still a lot to go for. The program allows for lots of variation and freedom with choices and events, and if it's not included in the base, there's likely an additional script that's been made to do it!On the DLC:DLC is a bit hefty, yet it's completely optional. I don't have any of the DLC packs, but I know people that do (so I can offer some words about it). It offers new textures and tools to work with, but you aren't missing too much. If you want something that's offering a different flavor of tools, and you want something ""official"", it's worth it.Positives:+Lots of freedom with the system. Events are very diverse in scale, and pretty much everything can be changed.+Integration with Steam Community and ability to manually add pre-Steam scripts and projects into your files.+Base game offers good amount of content to work with, built in tools are good.+DLC is not a practical requirement.+Most of the base systems and tools allow for lots of creativity.Negatives:-Price tag, but the game goes on sale often. (Still better than many other programs that typically can cost even more)-Certain aspects are a tad complicated and sometimes a tad confusing for newer users, but it's something that takes time. I recommend looking up reviews online to get a better grasp of the program (the whole easy for a child is a little bit of a stretch)-Most of the base systems, but not all of them. For all of these to have real depth (IE: The base character creation system, battle) extra resources and online tools are practically necessary for a good looking final product. While I can't give any great recommendations, there's a lot of places to go for these.-Base resources sometimes leave something to be desired. As with many of the RPG Maker games, the base game goes with a medieval fantasy sort of vibe, so those wanting to make modern style RPGs and the like will need to use resources or DLC.Overall, despite the negatives, the massive freedom of the system makes this much better than the older titles and what I feel to be the strongest and easily the best RPG Maker I've ever used in the series."
,Recommended,220700,13179473,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,doNothing,best software for making a game.easy to understand.resource (RTP) included too.
,Recommended,220700,12479624,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Michael Scott,"I definitely would reccomend RPG Maker VX Ace for anyone who's getting started on game developement. I found it both incredibly easy and incredibly powerful. Also, with extra DLC, codes and enough tutorials, there are countless stories to be told with this software."
,Recommended,220700,12493911,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Saga_Daroxirel,"If you don't know how to code a program from scratch, this is great! It can be a bit overwhelming, but it can't be worst than actually coding everything."
76561198354674877,Recommended,220700,29576791,Posted: 29 January,all,captaincool670,I love this software soooo much!!
76561198039431677,Recommended,220700,12066180,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,VIVolts¥,"After seeing the price of £50 (GPB) i wasnt really going to spend that much money. Although on the Summer Sale it was around £10, and i must say this software is absolutely incredible for how much it's worth. It can be very easy to learn depending on what you would like to make, where as it gets a bit more complicated if you are wanting to make something the game doesnt already include by default. I would probably make the price £30 - £40 mainly because i never saw many things that would make me pay that much money. The is very... Very simple to use, you can either just use in-game databases to create literally anything your hearts desire by default! Or if your are a coding person, this is very recommended if you like to make RPG games. You can even create anything! You can create your own weapons, items and draw them on Microsoft Paint, or Photoshop and add them to the game. This opens up so many possibilities as you can seriously make amazing pieces of art and any video game you want. If you want to know what power you can do with this. Check out the game that was made using this very engine called ""To the Moon"".Also on the plus side you can also sell your game online for real money! Although if you use copyright material or anything similar... Well, lets just say have fun with the problems and issues you will face."
,Recommended,220700,19989508,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Zup,"Easy app, but too easy to the point it's complicated. pretty fun to make games."
,Recommended,220700,9904041,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Keldric,"Extremely powerful tool.  Not too dificult to use, and tons of free content out there."
76561198124519729,Recommended,220700,16516488,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,UNCLEderpy Ryclan 2.0,Great program to use easy after a while of getting use to the basics but has extreme level coding that can be put into it still and it also has a amazing list of script from the community.:chesto:
76561198059893830,Recommended,220700,10185213,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Neo,Make's it pretty easy to create little games and whatnot but honestly this is from one of the worst scripters ever. Aka me.
76561198170880093,Recommended,220700,13776473,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,jessicalnielsen917,"I have been very hesitant to try this program though I have wanted to make a game for about a year. I got it on sale and let me tell you I haven't been disappointed at all!This program is amazing and I can customize everything. When I get lost, the AWESOME community has been nothing but super nice and helpful!If an idiot like me can figure this stuff out, anyone can!"
,Recommended,220700,11585457,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,KemetWarlord17,This game is GREAT! Wish they would bring Fighter Maker to states too.
,Recommended,220700,13561008,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Faytless,"Started with RPG maker when I was very young,  which taught me enough psuedo-code to breeze through college and eventually working, not in the industry -- but as something very close.So yeah,  i'd recommend the poop out of rpgmaker ... although not my favorite, still a great NA release."
,Recommended,220700,26741488,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Falcon,Anybody know good DLC or community made Music packs for this?Good software btw.
,Recommended,220700,8034053,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Dr. Ivo Robotnik alias Eggman,"First, try the free version. It´contains limited tool but hey you can use it to see what you need, when you like it buy the full version. For my game Tails Quest i started with the Lite version, after then i buyed the full version. This tool is great for your own game :)"
,Recommended,220700,9774476,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Tight,"This game takes forever to get used to, but its worth it! (then again i diddnt spend 70$ on it i bought it on sale) but i do recommend it!"
76561197964866568,Recommended,220700,10442422,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Crusader_bin,"RPG Maker VX Ace is a decent version of RPG Maker. I started up with RPG Maker XP, and few things are annoyingly different, some no loger possible, but than again, new options were added.All editions look and handle similiar though. All it takes to learn the basics is an hour or two, with many many tutorials available everywhere.Basic functions are easy to master, but it offers way more past that. So it essentially depends on YOU and how much effort you want to put into it.Most games look similiar to each other, unless you decide to work harder on it, import your own tiles and textures, sound, etc. but with generic materials you can still do quite a lot, depending on your imagination.Even more with the DLCs.Most of all, the process of making the game from tile sets and simple events is both very simple and really entertaining itself.The extra stuff involving content creation and scripting is possible for those who have even more time on their hands :)Everyone can do something with it, regardless their skill. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,220700,19984775,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,psychobunny89,I'm just loving creating games ^-^ perfect little start up
76561198084036006,Recommended,220700,22037290,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,FailedVictory,10/10I can make a tomato into an ultimate weapon of chaos.  Also cheese can be armor.
,Recommended,220700,21725242,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,pianotm26,"This is an excellent engine to make your own games in.  It's simple enough for the beginner and versatile enough for the professional.  While the main engine is geared toward making a standard JRPG, its script system literally gives you tools you need to completely transform the engine so you can make any type of game you want.  I've seen isometric adventure games, side-scrolling platformers, and even first and third person shooters made on VX Ace.  I'm currently building a tactics RPG that uses both 2D and 3D isometric elements.Pros:An essentially limitless scripting systemEasy to use and understand interfaceA complete database with everything you need to make a full game without alteration (although even beginners will probably want to do some alteration)A clearly organized and easy to use event command window (a definite improvement from previous makers).Cons:Does not support pointer variables (No, you're variables cannot point.  With the release of XP, which also had full script support, pointer variables were deemed unnecessary)Loses a good amount of the functionality that RPG Maker 2003 hadThe run time package may not be to your taste (I know it isn't to mine, though I do like some of the songs...and I some of the graphics assets are okay.)In spite any complaints, VX Ace worth every dime you'll pay for it."
76561198093051466,Recommended,220700,32553226,Posted: 18 June,all,Bootsowen,Make an RPG about fighting Roblox characters.If you're man enough.
,Recommended,220700,13867137,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Tidreit,"The rpg maker is a alright software to use for making your own little games, but overall I think it's good."
76561198025632551,Recommended,220700,12331159,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,funewchie,"RPG Maker has always been famed as being just about the best of the ""Do-It-Yourself"" Game Makers. With this, you don't have to master complicated programming languages or coding to make an awesome RPG. It's mostly point-and-click, and easy to define events and scenes.And if you don't like the default characters, settings, enemies, etc., you can go ahead and draw your own creations. Same with the music and sound FX; or even adding videos to make awesome cutscenes. The sky's the limit.RPG Maker VX Ace is reliably stable, and easy to work with. And for the more advanced user, if the default system isn't to your liking, the Scripting option allows you to alter the game's coding to suit your tastes.Admittedly, the price tag is a little bit steep.But, consider this: How many times have you spent $50-$60 on a single RPG game, with a strange, excessively philisophical, ""over-your-head"" kind of story? Or featuring a line-up of characters that your just simply don't like? And ultimately, at the end of the game, leaves you feeling cheated out of a good gaming experience?But with this software, YOU can write a good story, one that YOU like! Create whatever characters that you want, and define their personalities however you see fit! Make the game (and the battle system) as easy or as hard as you want!You technically can get/make MANY RPG games, all for slightly more than the cost of one regular, over-hyped $60 RPG. And, on Steam, you also get a fine community of fellow RPG game makers."
76561198039912337,Recommended,220700,12806276,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,walkindedman,"The power of this software is insane, especially making this type of game. If you want to make a small project you should be able to do so with little help or tutorials, but if your looking to make a blockbuster, it takes a lot of research, tutorials, youtube videos, and browsing around communities. Which brings up another good point, they have a tremendous community that is very helpfull, and if your looking to make a game your not selling you can grab all kinds of free add ons and pre wrote scripts. That is also a question i always see, can i sell my game that i made? Everything included in this software is royalty free, and same for any script you write yourself so you can definately sell your game but its gonna take some work to make it unique and not look like everyone elses games. Besides making top down rpg's i have played with this software and made platformers, mystery games, side scrollers, and straight cut scene 16 bit sequences. I believe this software is well worth the money for the power you get, and the simplicity of having scripts built in for you to use. ive tried other brands like unreal engine, unity, and a few others and they were just way above my level. i did have to learn a lot, but it is completely doable. After 5 small projects im doing a mega project with a friend and we have like 6 hours of gameplay (hoping to get in around 50) , that took us around 200 hours to make. i dont even have the game done but i have an amazing sense of accomplishment. I'm not just saying pick this up on sale , i'm saying its worth full price plus more, and if you sell your game this could be priceless.   There are 2 or 3 games currently built by this software that are under steam greenlight now, check em out!   11/10"
,Recommended,220700,9266377,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,MadAdam81,Get this now while on sale!!
,Recommended,220700,30805644,Posted: 28 March,all,Tai,When you have to much time on your hands.
,Recommended,220700,8893606,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,vanburman,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaq-yCu8Oc8&list=TL5XSnoH3I-mbPYdXq3pig1jCqUCLkbmn9
,Recommended,220700,19930688,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,PastaAivo,"Even as a total beginner to game design and scripting (and being completely hopeless with graphics), I enjoyed testing different things out in rpgmaker. It is surprisingly easy and quick to get started and to get the hang of the basics while still having the ability to modify pretty much everything to the extent of your skills."
,Recommended,220700,16087986,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,pickle rick fan page,"I absolutely love RPG Maker.Very simple, yet very effective. At first it may seem like a bunch of confusing buttons but once you get the hang of it. It becomes super easy! However I recommend  you get it on a sale (I got it for $30 instead of $70)"
,Recommended,220700,26176372,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,RB,Great tool for making games only downside being all the DLC... I am a bit biased since i got it on sale but I would say this program is totally worth it! I never had experience with game making and now I would say i'm pretty decent now thanks to this xD Anyways if your planning to make classic styled games then give this a try. 9/10
,Recommended,220700,21884520,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,DDMythical,i'm killing my life on this somebody ♥♥♥♥ing help me
,Recommended,220700,9357478,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Waspus,"TL;DR: The makers are telling the truth when they say ""Simple enough for a child, powerful enough for a developer,""Okay, that second part isn't entirely true. While there is lots you can do, it is in no way powerful enough for an actual game developer.Now, a child, or even an adult, who is just looking to design their own games and share them with their friends, this tool is perfect for that. Game engines with pre-built commands already exist,, like Game Maker, but honestly those still require a bit of work, and lots of math knowledge. RPG Maker VX Ace has all the controls availible to you at the push of a button.Now, I'm going to assume that if you're reading this review, you haven't bought the game yet. For that reason, I'll explain to you how easy it is to make a character say something.1. Click ""Event""2. Double click on the large box of white and grey lines.3. Select ""Show Text""4. Select a face graphic.5. Input text.6. Click ""OK""Yes, I kid you not, it is that easy. There are three whole pages of commands for you to work with, like playing background music, initiating battle sequences, breaking loops, transferring you to another map, showing choices as to what to say, adding members to the party, adding weapons to your player character, and lots, lots more.There are four seperate tilesets. Interior, Exterior, Dungeon and Field. There are not a lot of tiles in these sets, but for all intents and purposes you should have enough. If, for some reason you do not, there are many (Paid, unfortunately) expansions availible and the steam workshop hosts a plethora of additional resouces.As the trailer explains, there are also sounds for any encounter or location you're ever going to need. Shop? Sound for that. Dungeon? Sound for that. And much, much more.If you don't like the premade character, you can also customize one with the Character Creator. This is possibly the only issue I have with this game/software. Instead of using sliders or clicking-and-dragging like The Sims, it gives you a few premade mouths/hair/eyes. Again, this is a small issue, don't let it influence your purchasing of the software.I would give this 95/100."
76561198068466253,Not Recommended,220700,12126164,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Pugware,"Dont, if you have ANY serious interest in ever making games, even rpgs DONT, dont buy this. While the community is lovely and very veyr helpefull, I have witnessed the most halfassed and backwards company behind this ""engine"".First of all the engine is still restricted to hillariously bad resolutions, and a community made modification that allowed to get up to 720, and 1080p resolutions was taken down time and time again, and users of it told not dare to use it.This is just one of the many terrible decisions made by the ""devs"" of this engine. From convoluted and lazy steam integration, to a rigid langauge, and horrible preformance. This is all in all a very very outdated and lazy engine.Additionally if you want to get into game making this is not 1 bit easier than GMS a software thats now free, and offers a billion times more professional approach.Cannot recomend it to anyone! Dont be lazy just because it have an rtp..."
,Recommended,220700,10725722,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rijii NB Aronaver,I really enjoy this software because it's nice and easy to make your own game!You don't need to be a programmer to enjoy this programsooo enjoy everybody :D
76561198057937990,Recommended,220700,8671432,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,lordofcake01,"Really fun to use. I luckily caught it on sale for a lot less. I've learned a lot about the software, but still have a lot to learn. I would totally recommend this to someone interested in making games, just get the lite version first to make sure that you really like it, also it goes on sale a lot."
,Recommended,220700,10710094,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Dumbeldworf,An amazing simulator that allows one to create a near infinite ammount of possibilities!
76561198096881400,Recommended,220700,9511612,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,DovahLord06,RPG Maker VX Ace is amazing. It has allowed me to start up my video game design career early and make the baby steps towards my goal of success. I highly view this software as easy to use and powerful for game creation. I definitely reccommend this software.
,Recommended,220700,8354123,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,nevergup,"Best program I've ever used, no buts, no ifs, just the bestworth the money"
,Recommended,220700,9265865,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,DarkgarX,"I got some ideas for some FF2 style game and story, this takes all the UI coding out of the effort and I just have to do custom quests, stories, and some special unique graphics I want. It works very well."
76561197977381199,Recommended,220700,9297312,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Gearhack,Easy to use. Gives you the abilty to tell that story that has always resided within you but had no means of release.
76561198070396702,Recommended,220700,8902814,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Friendly Neighborhood Asian Man,"Holy yes, this crap is awesome."
76561197987702456,Recommended,220700,8292212,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Duck,"I have used this tool to envision my dreams. That's right, I have created a game in which Banquets are the most prevelant aspect of society. I have created an entire franchise, which my fans poor their hard-earned money into my wallet. This software has everything you need to build an empire. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself EA. The next Dragon Age SHALL BE MINE!!!!"
,Recommended,220700,8307132,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Azraein,Very great program if you're a novice game maker or just a kid looking for some fun. The 69.99 price tag is worth it. But be sure and try to snag it during a sale!
76561198044928953,Recommended,220700,8421111,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Srelun,"To every one that ever had the dream to create his own little game and try out the limits of his own creativity and ideas:BUY RPG MAKER VX ACE!There is nothing more to say, don't miss out on this."
,Recommended,220700,8464094,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MattJack!,"Great tool to get if you want to get your feet wet in game making. Tons of tutorials online to help you as well. I got it while it was on sale ($17 I believe). If you are creative, this software is a solid buy."
,Recommended,220700,8599010,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,iamnotayoungthug,"Exelent software, easy learning curve, loads of community-made plugins, vast array of tools. Didn't expect something this in depth, and simple to use from a game creation engine."
,Recommended,220700,9405426,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Velten,"HIGHLY recommend this software, and a lot of the DLC thats available too. I never thought I'd get so into this program. Almost every aspect of the game can be changed, you can input other peoples scripts or write your own. If you've ever thought of making a game, maybe think about getting this program."
76561198050345765,Recommended,220700,9701070,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Biz Nastee,"In this game, you make the game! And then you play the game! And you're already really good at the game, since you made the game already!"
,Recommended,220700,12812643,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,PurpleFyrus,"Uber fun for hours on endSo i am a person who loves to put his creativity to the test and when i sit down to play RPG Maker VX Ace i do it for hour binges at a time. I personally have a world I want to bring to life but the sad part is i had no idea how i was going to do that since i can't code for crap. But once i say this game on sale for only 30 some odd dollars i jumped on it and i do not regret it one bit. Another great game like it is Project Spark which is free but this game is much more for those who want to have their creations have a more ""Final Fantasy"" feel to it. Great game, i love it so much."
,Recommended,220700,10822187,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mozilla Firefox,"Really enjoying this software thus far. Even if its capacity is rather limited, it's an excellent learning tool."
76561198058274665,Recommended,220700,11975544,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Kal Vas Flam,its awesome
76561198052848328,Recommended,220700,8288666,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Kingprawn,"(NOTE) [If you dislike rpgs in general. Don't bother with this then.]If you like to create storys and have no limitations except your imagination(and scripting skills) then this is a good sfotware for you. I havn't used it much but it does seem very fun. It was hard at first to figure out some things but thanks to the community(videos) I was able to figure things out.  If you want to create rpgs then I recomond this. If your unsure though. there is a demo and if you enjoy the demo, get the full version then.I can't recomond it at full price since I got it on sale but it was worth the 18$. I can just let my imagination go wild here.Also it will take time to create a good rpg but thanks to this, you can probably do it without knowing how to code, you just need to be able to write a good story since the combat wont be a good selling point  and yes, buying this software gives you the right to keep the money you earned from your creation if it sells.... Why still reading this? Try the demo out and see if you like it, type in search bar. RPG Maker VX Ace Lite and download demo. Hurry before sale ends."
76561198102930568,Recommended,220700,8747858,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Alphavoltario,"Easy to use, an improvement compared to earlier versions, and overall fun. If you like creating things and have enough time to make them, I would get this. It has a great community that submits everthing you would need to create what you want, and also the purchaseable DLC is worth their price tag. Music DLC is amazing and top-notch, while art for characters and designs are superb. The preinstalled music and  art shuold be mostly all that's needed for small-time projects as they are quite diverse in what you can use."
76561198079663591,Recommended,220700,7855355,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Arc Winchester,"This is the best thing since computers in the first place! It's easy and fun, and learning how to use it is really exciting and makes you feel very intelligent! :) I love it! I give it 10 out of 5 stars! :)"
76561198057458049,Recommended,220700,9462139,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,MCcreeperify,YESSSSSSSSSSSSSH
,Recommended,220700,8709067,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,My username is Burmy,"Takes A While To Adjust, But By The Time You Get It, Your RPG's And Adventure Dreams Will Come To Life Like Never Before"
76561197975247124,Recommended,220700,12041515,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Evilgoattea,Fun software.   If you are interested in creating JRPGs from the 90s era then this is the program for you.
,Recommended,220700,8398006,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,StickBrush [zerø],"If you want to start making games, or even, your dream has always been to make a game, this is the best place to start. The slogan says it all, ""Easy enough for a child, powerful enough for a game developer"". Even if you don't know anything about programming, RPG Maker will let you make your own world. However, I warn you: If you buy this, make sure you're gonna use it.Oh, and the program is THAT expensive because it comes with a commercial license. This means you can sell the games you make with RPG Maker VX Ace. If you aren't very sure, I think there are demos somewhere... In conclussion: If you want to make games, here's your start."
,Recommended,220700,13018369,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,DeadCrescendo,"Well I suppose it's about time I reviewed RPG Maker VX Ace.First and foremost, the interface is amazingly (And deceptively) simple. There is a lot you can do out of the box and let me be completely clear - the included presets are more than enough to learn how to use the program and make basic RPGs that you can share with your friends. It's a fact, RPG Maker has always been the GO TO for this sort of thing. VX Ace makes it better.With the Steam community behind it, this software is constantly getting updates, community or official, and that's a good thing. Most people like to complain about DLC but consider this DLC ""Additional Tools"" to customize your game. It's not something they ""Should have included"" because it's SOFTWARE, possibilities are endless!My one tip for you, if you're thinking about getting this? Be prepared to spend money if you want to make any sort of serious title. If you don't have musical or art skills OR the means to make your own? Be prepared to shell out money for resource packs. Don't know how to sprite or map tile? Same thing.Looking for MASSIVE ENGINE OVERHAULS? Be prepared to shell out at least 30 bucks for the latest in GUI and Engine software developed by the RPG Maker VX Ace community (I'm looking at you Luna Engine. You sexy gazelle)This program has a history of rough reviews and poor content, with Ace we've finally gotten the program we needed all along, fully customizable with tons of content and a HUGE support base. We've come a long way since Don Miguel fantranslated RPG Maker 2000 back in the day.I'll look forward to playing your games, fellow RPG Makers. Now get out there, and make your own adventures."
,Recommended,220700,8712018,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,sparky11080,"This is the first RPG style game maker I have ever invested my money in, and I can say without a doubt it was worth every cent.  The program itself is incredibly versatile, and the amount you can put into a game is only limited by your imagination.Also giving people the right to freely market their own games is incredible of a company to do.Truly a thumbs up for this product."
76561198041101788,Recommended,220700,8048861,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,A88mph,"Classic RPGs are something at you can always find in Homages or Parodies. This is one well build game engine for making games of that style.The base products stock images will also serve you well until you are able to add your own original art to the game.Any form of programming can be tedious, and even if you do not have any programming skills of your own, you will need to at least create events for all the actions and cinematic you’ll need to make your games. But at least you’re not writing the games engine from scratch."
76561198069101501,Recommended,220700,19860990,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Ukrus,"Incredible program. I've seen people make crazy things, but the average consumer should not go into this with the thought that they will be one of those people. Not only does the difficulty of programming grow exponentially with more and long tasks, but eventually it becomes to time consuming to consider a hobby. If you're like me, and just wanted to goof around in logically fantasty of numbers and switches, then by all means get it. Just don't come crying if Bethesda doesn't love your Piano Dating Sim, okay?"
,Recommended,220700,11115803,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sonnenbrand FC,"One thing is for sure, it is definitely not worth 60€. RPG Maker VX Ace is a great tool to use to create short-story RPGs. As already mentioned in the trailer you don't any programming skills whatsoever, you can create and import your own music, items, characters, backgrounds, buildings and enemies. You already get some standard material to use for a first project, but it lacks in design and detail. So... look out for a nice deal, just don't buy it for the normal price."
,Recommended,220700,10969435,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sky Yam,"[NOTE: While I have very little time logged for RMVX Ace on Steam, I have used RMVX Ace and RMXP to a much greater extent on my old computer and am familiar with both.]While I do recommend this software overall, there are a few things that I feel should be addressed.- The software takes a bit of time to get used to. It took me several days to learn the ins and outs of RMVX Ace, and the mechanics are a bit complicated for new users.- Scripting. It's a pain. RMVX Ace does cover a lot of stuff that won't need scripting, but for the things that do, it's often a hassle. (Like vehicles.)- The tilesets, characters, and sprites that RMVX Ace comes with are pretty basic. But it IS meant to be customizable, after all, and you can create your own material or search around the RMVX community. The community is huge, and there are a lot of people out with great resources who are willing to help.- It's too expensive, in my opinion. While this is fairly decent software, I think $30 would be a far more reasonable price. I did manage to catch it on sale, which was why I got it, but I wouldn't have bought RMVX Ace at the full price of $70.All in all, I think this is good software for creating a basic RPG. It's certainly capable of creating more complex games, but there's a lot more work involved. Personally I do like using RMVX Ace, but it's not for everyone. I do recommend XP over VX Ace."
,Recommended,220700,9107590,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Janos|076|,"The RPG-Maker series as always Great software!!!Did you ever played a RPG game in the past on  (example)the Super Nintendo like secrets of manaAnd thought to yourself i wane make a game like this?.Well with RPG-Maker VX Ace this is possible.Potential buyer:  But Janos I’m not some kind of wonder kid.Janos: No problem at all with this software you can easily make a game yourself, without any special education in game development.All you need is imagination and a little bit of knowledge you can easily learn on the internet by watching like 10 min of video tutorial footage.Potential buyer:  Are you sure janos? Seems a bit over reacting to me.Janos: Well I’m dead serious my friend!!!  The interface of RPG-Maker VX Ace is really user friendly And very clear.Also if you not sure what the function does you can keep your mouse point on it and it will shows an explanation about the function, data, events, etc.Potential buyer:  Ok, but I don’t like the assets they give me, also don’t like the battle system.Janos: Well You can make a complete RPG game with the assets they give you.But if you don’t like them you can also make them yourself and import them easy without problems.not feeling like making your chipsets, face sets , etc. Yourself.No problem you can find them on the internet and import new data easy.Potential buyer: Ok but what about the battle system then?.Janos: Well you can go full geek mode a type yourself a complete new script or change some things in the original script.But you can also search on the internet for the things you need for in your gameSome examples1.	Day and night cycle script2.	Equipment requirements script3.	Action battle System script (Zelda /secrets of mana battle style)Potential buyer: Thanks for the information Janos I’m  going to think about it now.Janos: My pleasure"
76561198034171920,Recommended,220700,13187399,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,terwilliker,Works as advertised and includes great default content. You'll want to expand on these defaults but there is a great community for additional content and many online tutorials.
,Recommended,220700,12234538,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jeanne d'Arc,It's easy to useBuy it when it's on sale8/10
76561198103043699,Recommended,220700,9377159,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,BeastFire,Amazing
,Recommended,220700,10310289,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ItzSky,"fine tool as long as you know how to use itid only buy it if it was on offer though, i wouldn't say it was worth £50 though"
76561198083019535,Recommended,220700,9911476,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Ramen Ramone,"Amazing software, I would recommend it to anyone who wants to make a game but doesnt quite know how. The interface is easy to use and very professional looking. I've made about 5 games and a few test projects, I enjoy using it and I'm going to start work on a big game very soon. Hope this review helps anyone who wants to get this but isn't quite sure if they should."
76561198040751213,Recommended,220700,15422076,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Arch Osis,with this software...you can  make it over 9000! or you can turn it into a bunny instead.
,Recommended,220700,9597699,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Ronan,"RPG Maker is probably one of the best game engines to start with. Easy to master, good enough to be called a developer, personally I mastered everything pretty quick. Making the engine very user friendly, it is the cheapest engine you'll find which has so many options.The graphics aren't that good, offcourse not it's an RPG maker, not something like Unity 3D! It's still a must-have though. You can do everything you can imagine, and it works on every OS.Pro's:- Easy to use, very user friendly- Strong engine- Brings back the classic RPG Feelings- Many workshop items to download and use in your game- Many DLC's to choose from.Con's:- No multiple device support (only PC possible)- Biggest resolution is 640x480"
,Recommended,220700,11153268,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,John19Morley93,"RPG Maker VX Ace is brilliant and is easily one of my best purchases through Steam. RPG Maker allows you to bring your imagination to life using a huge selection of character models, textures etc to create towns, cities, dramatic cutscene like sections and more through the standard resources as well as DLC. It's easy to use and is totally worth what you'll pay for it, so if you're interested in developing simple video games, practicing your story writing or just want to put a picture to something else you've created like voice acting, music etc, it's well worth your time and cash.Pros:-Great variety of tools to sculpt your own fantasy world-Easy to program events such as shops, inns and other dialogue-Comes with a beautifully composed soundtrack to use, though if you wish to use different music such as your own, it's easy to add it to the list of tracks and implement into the game.-Kills time better than paint stripper kills brain cells-Awesome selection of character models, faces, sprites etc with the options to change names, classes and moreCons:-Price isn't perfect (fine for me personally but understandably not for others)If you're willing to put the hours in, RPG Maker VX Ace can help you create some astounding environments and battle sequences worthy of classic RPG games from series such as Final Fantasy, Breath of Fire, Chrono Trigger and more."
76561198089082050,Recommended,220700,11493306,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Bang,It's good if you want a great engine to make simplistic games :3
,Recommended,220700,11483050,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,A1NEW :P,Love it so much. The software it self is amazing but the steam community keeps making it better and better. 10/10
,Recommended,220700,12870889,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Moister than an Oyster,"I love this program, I would buy it again if I could."
76561198079577619,Recommended,220700,8208931,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,conorcorn,"Really effective game-making software. However, it is not as simple as it claims itself to be, as the games that the software creates is very basic if no custom scripts are imported, however there is a huge database of user-made scripts that can be downloaded and used for your games (as long as you credit the script creator). There are new packs released by the developers quite often so there are always new directions you can take your games. All-in-all this software is great as it gives you the tools necessary to create an old-school rpg and is incredibly fun to use."
,Recommended,220700,8382074,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Xaon,"A very clever, addictive tool. I used one of it previous versions a fair few years ago and was very happy to notice this in the Steam Winter Sale. I've once again become obsessed with building a vast world, that I'll probably never complete, and will probably continue building it larger and larger until the day I die.Could do with some Workshop support. That way we can share games, game demos and resources."
,Recommended,220700,2437254,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Icevail,"If you ever wanted to be an old school rpg gamemaker,this application is the one I suggest, its fairly easy to use,takes only a bit of time to learn the harder parts,you dont have to be a rocket scientist with 7 different master's degreeto use this program.It comes with its own character editor,or if you want to add custom content made by others,you can simply use the editor's own porting tool to add music, picturestiles, sprites and scripts to enhance your game.I've got over 1,700 hours of gamemaking behind mewith this software and I've made 2 huge games with it."
,Recommended,220700,13786011,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kora Lionheart,"Out of all the game making software there is out there, This is the one that, in my opinion is the best around!It is easy to use!You can make anything!And you keep finding new stuff about this software100/10!"
,Recommended,220700,23808512,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,queshiranshiran,"I've been tinkering about with the RM software ever since I was 13. I had a hard time using XP, but VX, I wasn't too fond of either. But I can definitely say VX Ace was definitely a fusion of both good points from XP and VX.It's simple on the surface, but if you dig in deeper, you'll find many great things.Looks like I'll finally be able to finish a game."
,Recommended,220700,12472195,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Aries,This is great for making games even though it's 2D it's really useful.
76561198058756312,Recommended,220700,9205596,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Zzinthine,"A fantastic game creator. It is a bit difficult starting out, but once you figure out how to change tilesets and open scripts (witch isnt that hard, I'm just a bonehead and didnt want to experiment for risk of screwing up), its quite easy. The stats may be a bit hard to figure out at first due to the creator having its own set style of a battle engine, but in the end if you can, it is completely worth it. If you're having trouble, theres a few tutorials on youtube that can help you out. My only real problem with the game, is how difficult it is to find tilesets people have uploaded so you can download. I feel that is the reason this needs its own Steam Workshop page. Other then that, thats the end of my complaints. Now to the good parts. The character creator is quite good, it gives you a decent variety of custom hairstyles, skin tones, eyes, noses, mouths, clothes, and other things to use. The script editor is easy to figure out once you start using it, the tilesets you start out with are decent, and if you dont like what it supplies you with, you can create your own and import them. There are also several enemies it supplies you with, most of them already coming with a custom stat set in case you dont want to design your own enemies. There are also default playable characters you can use. One of my favorite things about this game, is that unlike most other RPG creators, the scripting isnt to limited to make something great easily. The price is a bit high, but in the end, if you're a huge RPG fan and always wanted to make your own game, it's completely worth it."
,Recommended,220700,28699415,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Svorple,as of writing this i've spent 20+ hours thinking of what to make and not doing anything.
,Recommended,220700,9624223,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Battlefrog,You could try and make good games with this....But ♥♥♥♥ it! Make ironic Kayne Quest games! HAVE FUN
76561198055942564,Recommended,220700,19936389,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,topiasadventures,"Until recently, this was the newest version of RPG maker series, and even though MV is now on the block, Vx Ace still holds its ground with tons of ontent from both fans and devs. Program is easy to use, and quick event creation which debuted in this version makes making comon events a breeze. I highly recomend this to all those who like level editing softwares and like."
76561198173247413,Recommended,220700,21718853,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Dragonscale346,"This is a useful program for making your games the way you want them, impressive and easy-to-use, overall, a great program."
76561197996337670,Recommended,220700,21808393,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rdillon,"Very user friendly piece of software that allows anyone to create JRPG. Anyway, as of today, I would definitely recommend to buy the newer MV instead of VX Ace."
76561198168898949,Recommended,220700,20664246,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,reb2140560,"Awesome as a game.Awesome as a game maker.The premade sample maps are great to use a base and include many wonderful Ideas and actions. (the water fall action for one) I recomend beginers play around with them to get a feel for map making and setup.The variables and switches, though, are my favorite parts. They add a good amount of manipulation and creativty.Maps are fun, variables are utterly fantastic."
76561198053352527,Recommended,220700,21715888,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,The Gamer,Now I can make my own harem wor...I mean my own game.
76561198029075108,Recommended,220700,10064062,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,furon747,"A big let down. Looks nice, but it is EXTREMELY limited to what you think it will be. Buy it on sale, not for $70>UPDATEI was being and idiot and was too busy complaining to actually try and learn what they gave you. I am having loads of fun with this now and currently have a project on workshop. I still don't agree with buying it though at $70. I would still say buy it on sale, and with some DLC's. What they gave you can be worked with easily, and you can still make great games. The DLC's however give you a bit more to work with.Pros:-Easy to get into-Plenty of resources to make a decent project-Complete power over everything in your game-DLCs add good amount of stuffCons:-Expensive-Expensive DLCs (all would cost nearly $1000)-Odd explanation for things that do really useful thing in your game, meaning when you hover your mouse over a term, it gives you a defintion and some of them can be confusing and sound like they don't make sense."
,Recommended,220700,13025388,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ava (a.k.a Naomi),"While the price is high and the learning curve can be a bit steep, RPG Maker VX ACE is a great piece of software for those who wish to create their own RPG game. It's been used to create various kinds of games too, from Visual Novels to platformers, it's possible to do almost anything if you know how. Just be aware that just as Painttool SAI or Photoshop is a tool to create art, RPG Maker is a tool to create a game. What you'll be doing in RPG Maker is a project that will take time and effort, not a game that is to be played to gain achievements.It should be noted that, without a plan or basic concept, you may not find your money's worth when using RPG Maker. (Especially at 70$+) You might be half-way done and feel as though it's hopeless and you should give up because nothing is working right. Don't do it! Press on!This is the very reason that I highly stress the the ""Learning Curve"" point. While this software does have easy to use tools and interface, you will need to learn the basics if you want to program even a quarter of what your creative mind has thought up. You will likely not be able to make something as fancy as ""The Witch's House"" or ""IB"" from the get-go.You'll be browsing forums for answers to many questions and scratching your head trying to think up how to make simple events run the way they are supposed to. Still, once you master the basics of RPG Maker, a floodgate of new ideas can open up and you will realize that RPG Maker is indeed a powerful program.To summarize though, don't jump into the program unless you're comitted to learning it. Just like a game, you need to master the controls and the game lingo before you can master the game. Have a basic idea or plan ready, so that you have direction to follow as you learn how to use RPG Maker. Be aware that there are many tutorials (both video and readable) out there to help you and when things come to a standstill there's forums for support!Finally, keep in mind that while your first game may not be a million-dollar blockbuster, it's proof of how far you've come and you'll only get better as you go!"
,Recommended,220700,8445996,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Playmaker,confusing at first but once you get into it it's really fun and simple but somethings will take time if your enexperienced
,Recommended,220700,1554887,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Cpt. Fantabulous,If my little sister can use it anyone can.
76561198035914209,Recommended,220700,30363238,Posted: 6 March,all,Whiteblade,good stuff
,Recommended,220700,8033827,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,eva nine,"A surprisingly versatile game-making tool. Plenty of resources included to get you going so you don't need to create any assets unless you want to.For those who want something with more flexibility, you can always code your own scripts to add into the game, as well!"
76561198070911421,Recommended,220700,8085423,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Burrito Muerte,"I bought RPG Maker VX Ace a little while ago and it is really easy to use, but allows for plenty of depth to be added into your own games. I highly recommend it!"
76561198302353703,Recommended,220700,29091849,Posted: 7 January,all,Nightmare_Fuel,"No game is better than this. It is easy and awesome and just so fun. It has steam workshop and it requires no coding.Games like pokemon uranium and to the moon have been coded in this software. I highly recommend. First day I downloaded this game I played 12 hrs in one day, and I only thought 3 hrs had passed."
,Recommended,220700,19928590,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Highly Obese Vsauce,bad
,Not Recommended,220700,10780730,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MOBii,"I don't recommend RPG Maker VX AceRPG Maker XP and Game Character Hub is a better combination than Ace VXI like RPG Maker XP rectangular tile format, and is cheaper than Ace VXUSE Game Character Hub for the character creationMy 5 year old daughter like drawing maps, houses and room in Ace VX. She explain stories for herself whats happen when she is drawing.I stop use RPG Maker, I am using Clickteam Fusion 2.5 now!"
,Not Recommended,220700,24285945,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,♦ Ｇ Ｒ Ｉ Ｍ ♦,"While it is a Flexible Tool, It does have some rather disappointing limits. First of all, the Default (and mostly unchangeable) resolution, is very small. Albeit, it is a comfy resolution for an RPG, the Tool does have some very limiting rules.The Script Editor is relatively complicated, especially for a beginning Game Designer's Program. Scripts often times don't work well or just create more problems for your game. For example, I followed every Instruction to the T, for installing a Custom Menu Script. Keep in mind that the Script for a Custom MENU, was more than 1000 LINES OF CODE. I get that it isn't exactly easy to create a game, but, still. Not to mention, With all the DLC the game lets you buy, and All the Custom User Created Content you can Import, add too much and it Crashes when you try to save. So have fun, trying to work on a game that is Overloaded and Disfunctional with a Few Custom Battlers, a Tileset, and the sprite of a shoe."
76561198014097219,Not Recommended,220700,14172565,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Dein Xceriis,"Most of the community people don't want you to use this program to make games - they have decided that you must make completely original content and know how to use Ruby programing before releasing anything commercial. That means years of work, or funding a team.If you have a nice story, atleast you could use it to piece the tale together and give yourself a chibi.Good luck!"
76561198075282807,Not Recommended,220700,16388122,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,supersmily5,"I perhaps may be one of the few people who love this engine yet won't recommend it to anyone.  Let me explain why with a scenerio of what happened while I used this engine.Halfway through making an expansive first level of my first game and after learning much about the engine's design and it's capabilities for creating complex events easily w/o coding knowledge, and surprizingly enough actually learning quite a bit about coding through trying to alter the alterable code of the engine, something happens.  I'm not quite sure what, but something awakens from deep within the bowels of the engine.  Something angry.  Something mad as hell.  Something powerful and corrupt.  And something that destroyed my computer.  I'm talking hard reset destroy.  I'm talking can't turn it on because it gives up on life and shuts down destroy.  Eventually, through some miracle after 2-3 months of fiddling, we (me and my dad) got the computer to reactivate in safe mode.  We then deleted my new engine, which I got during a sale and couldn't afford otherwise (This will become important later), but all the while I could only think of all the nicer positive reviews of this engine which claim no such errors happened.  When I deleted the engine, I did so only on my dad's command because he thought the problem would of been a ""recently downloaded program that changed the computer.""  I then decided, a few months after the incident, to try the engine again and see if it really was it's fault for almost ruining my computer.  I expiremented, reinstalled the program and checked if I could restart my computer, and surely enough it became unstable again.  Through what I can only claim as luck, a few tries restarted the computer in safe mode and I deleted the program again, this time aware that something within it destabilizes my computer.  This REALLY sucks, especially so because I got fairly good at it, and even though I had at the time no way to make custom assets, I do now thanks to another program I've download that works, GIMP 2 (An art program that includes transparent pixels, required to make non-square art assets).  The worst part, although it is a good thing for most, is that somehow the program remembered everything I did even after I uninstalled it, meaning all the game(s) I had made up to that point were still there when I redownloaded it.  I don't know if I am missing something or what, and I'm sure the creators of the engine have no mal-intent, but that doesn't change the terror it caused, or the fact that of all things, this caused the worst break in my computer I've ever faced, more than every virus, and more than every spamware I've ever had (I'm sure there is worse spamware and viruses out there, but I'm not an idiot and avoid them to the best of my ability).  It also doesn't give me a refund, so ouch to my bank account as well ($20 is alot to an 18 year old, what do you want from me?)If you think you know or can find the solution to the problem, comment with your answer and mark this review as funny.Here's my specs:Processor: AMD Athlon(tm) II 170u 2.00 GHzRAM: 3.00 GB64 Bit OSNotice that these are above the supposed minimum requirements for the engine.If you can't take anything else from this review, at least know that you are using this engine at your own risk and it is NOT worth it."
,Recommended,220700,35166180,Posted: 23 September,all,Brex,Was good until i started making sonic fantasies with it
,Recommended,220700,13279310,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Corrosion,"Started my own company after getting it. Making games, taking names.Made Waste Walkers and Disgraced:http://store.steampowered.com/app/371100/http://store.steampowered.com/app/485360/"
76561198079929200,Recommended,220700,25663963,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DatPhat,- Be me- be making game during college school year- make a decent game that was almost in beta stage-end of school year comes- update the cloud on RPG- hand in school laptops to be completely wiped cause thats what they make us do- go home- boot up home PC-ready to start designing game in complete ZEN- cloud had error updating when at college.- game completely gone.10/10 would lose game files due to bad college wifi/connection again.
76561198054515115,Recommended,220700,9203738,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,RoyalFlorence,WHEN U WANNA GIT REAL OTAKU WITH UR WAIFUZ
,Recommended,220700,30270738,Posted: 1 March,all,Mr. Luggy,cool
,Not Recommended,220700,16179469,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Esquilo,It requires a lot of free time to learn it and actually make a game. I bought it 18 months ago and the regret still lasts.
76561198054003017,Not Recommended,220700,13207528,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Interknight,"I am having a very difficult time downloading games from online onto my RPG maker, even with the RTP package installed."
,Not Recommended,220700,15908519,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,RibbonJess★,"First off, i'd like to point out a major issue you need to know before buying this game.RPG Maker VX Ace runs in an extremely small 640x480 window that's hard to see on most large computer screens. There is a hidden fullscreen option but it stretches everything to fit your screen, has an awful framerate, and just overall looks bad. While that may not seem like such a bad thing, once you buy the game and are stuck leaning towards your screen just to see your character sprite, i'm sure you will change your mind.This is just the beginning of the problems with RPG Maker: VX Ace.Another large problem with this game in my opinion is the lack of in-game custom tilesets and sprites. Don't get me wrong; you can create your own characters and tilesets, but hence the word ""in-game"". If you were expecting RPG Maker VX Ace to be that easy, then you are wrong. There isn't an in-game tile creator so in order to import custom tiles and sprites you have to make them inside of a photo editing software, which not everyone has. Even then, RPG Maker requires sprite sheets and tilesets so you can't make individual graphics; They have to all be an exact size in an exact order. This makes downloading a template almost required for every graphic in your game; and it gets pretty annoying.The level designer is not bad. You have some tiles that you can click to select and place on a square grid and it feels alright. The action mode is surprisingly fun and easy to use that adults and children of all ages should be able to easily understand.RPG Maker VX Ace is both efficient and inefficient. Most of the program is easy as it looks, but some of the most vital parts in creating a great RPG game does not follow that same efficiency. If you don't mind having to squint to see your finished game, and are willing to download a few templates and plugins for photoshop, maybe this game will be good for you. But what I know is for sure, is that it came close to being a fantastic RPG creating experience. It just didn't quite make the cut for me."
,Not Recommended,220700,21773385,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,LakePixel,"people who actually put forth the effort into making something decent makes this engine look good.legit m8 if only this was cheaper i would actually recommend it, especially with engines like unity and gamestudio being technically free.  a bit ~~uguu sugoi~~ for my taste and by a bit i mean a bunch, but this can be remidied by not being lazy and making your own elements.  ♥♥♥♥ing dO IT."
76561198014772188,Recommended,220700,8804076,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,blue-shellos,"It's a very awesome game maker. I  like making my own sprites to use, I also recommend buying new textures."
,Recommended,220700,9024043,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Viceroy,This is a perfect way to show the world your best idea for a classic RPG game.
,Recommended,220700,8099810,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Goovy,I would definetly recommend this to anyone looking to make an rpg/game. IS RLY GUD! BUT RLY CONFUSING. Maybe just the first time.
,Recommended,220700,8423645,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bryy Miller,"If you ever want to screw around with a programming software that actually teaches you stuff, this is the one to do it in."
,Recommended,220700,8315929,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Arthur Machen,"Best software ever. You can do anything you want. The only limit is your imagination. From an epic RPG game to arcade games and strategy. Wonderful works of art have been made with this software.Recommended for everyone from beginners to more experienced programmers. Because it allows the use of scripts in Ruby language, with which you can make amazing games.100% Recommended."
,Recommended,220700,10859497,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,RA(вυттнoıe ѕυяғeя),Its a great timesink. I need to get better are using it.
76561198136737187,Recommended,220700,11010053,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,DeatherRest,It's very fun and chalanging to create your own game.
76561197968843616,Recommended,220700,11125077,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Imba™,It's really easy to make a 1990's style RPG with this software.  With tons of resources to buy for it you can make a game in justa  few hours and even sell it on steam.  Several games you can buy on steam were made with RPG maker.8/10
76561198002335721,Recommended,220700,10949172,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Lonely Astronaut,"Just finished my first major project with RPG Maker VX Ace.Overall, there's a lot to recommend here, and the good tends to outweigh the frustrating.Pros:* Standard old school RPG elements -- such as text blocks and portraits, basic cut scenes and inventory/skill management -- are quickly and easily implemented once you know what you're doing* You can code you own Ruby scripts to extend game mechanics, and all the code for the RPG engine (battles, menus, etc.) is exposed and editable. I added a stealth system and a twitch-based chase sequence almost entirely in-engine, with minimal Ruby tweaks* Makes resource management for characters, portraits, enemies and UI elements a breeze* Lots of built-in assets included, from character sprits to portrait art to some pretty decent background musicCons:* It's a bit overwhelming at first, and some of the more useful elements (built-in event scripting, the ""features"" system, etc.) aren't adequately explained. A quick trip to the forums usually solves this, but it's still annoying* If you're a coder, the Ruby dev environment is woefully inadequate. It's basically a text file, with no syntax highlighting or basic testing capabilities. The fact you can alter the game code is still cool, but don't expect to do a full overhaul of the code without investing hours and hours and hours* Struggles to make anything that's not a standard JRPG. Of course, if you're spending money on a product called RPG Maker, you shouldn't really be surprised."
76561198018954622,Recommended,220700,32599732,Posted: 20 June,all,Braix,yee
,Recommended,220700,9293302,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Specializer/Jay,APPROVED.
,Recommended,220700,7969229,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Langrave,"If you want to make games but don't want to learn how to program this is the software for you. It does everything by drag and drop, it has an easy to use event system, and everything you require for making a Role Playing Game. If you already know how to program this also includes a Ruby script editor to further refine your game."
76561198042515741,Recommended,220700,7799766,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,HyperFlash,it's a great tool to use for RPG like games perfect for starters wanting to try there hands on it
,Recommended,220700,8256621,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,snigglebiscuits,"Goddamn it....the DAY after i buy a 4 pack %50 off, it comes out %75 off.....50 bucks down the drain...AND STILL WORTH IT. I was a huge fan of XP. and VX ace still has all the amamzing interface XP had as well as streamlining a lot of the actions. Yes I bitter because Steam is trolling me hard, but whether you are familar with the series or just want to start putting your ideas into a game format, all the tools are there. Just be warned, newbies. This ISNT a game. This is the microsoft word of building an RPG. Spend the money if you have paitence, time, and vision. Other then that, let your imagination sour. Happy making!f**king steam sales........."
,Recommended,220700,7900412,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,LieutenantCommanderData-XGP,"A Great Program for creating your own game,after you finish create an exe file to share created Games with your Friends"
,Recommended,220700,7808891,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Matenka,"You ever wanted to make an RPG?But you dont have the knowledge or the know how?This game is for you.RPG Maker VX Ace may be intiminating at first but after you spend some time messing around with it, you will start getting a grasp on what you can do with this program.From personal i can tell you that this is one if not the easiest game maker out there.Its simplistic and complex at the same time.If the game peaked your intrest just a little, try it out!!"
76561198071266212,Recommended,220700,9260536,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,tlwperrault,Great stuff! I have lost hours of my life to this and it was totally worth it!
76561198101768806,Recommended,220700,7793845,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Writer Of Books,"Easy to use, but complex enough to be a total blast. You can use the preset characters and monsters or start from scratch--the only limit is your imagination! (...And patience...and skill (to some degree)...) The only negative thing is that you just have to be prepared to listen to some tunes while you do the tedious stuff, like configuring monster stats or tweaking cutscenes."
,Recommended,220700,12590083,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Flucky7,if you get it cheap its good fun
76561198035390367,Recommended,220700,8721085,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,[AM] Lizard,Awesome.
76561198126535365,Recommended,220700,24588107,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Malcard,This Program is not bad I love it :)
,Not Recommended,220700,13584190,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,"I've used RPG makers since around 2007 or 2008 I think when I was introduced to RPG Maker 2000 translated by Don Miguel. I made a whole bunch of garbage and even completed some games as well which is not something you see me doing today. You can even check out one of the games I madehereif you're seriously interested orhere for even more.(Thanks, Steam for censoring me again. Learn to be helpful. It's bulls-h-i-t.Sometime later, I downloaded the demo for RPG Maker XP and had no idea what I was doing for some reason. I remember screwing around with it a lot until I managed to make an enemy fightable. Sometime later, I cracked VX as it's incredibly overpriced.Then Ace. When I first saw it I said that I can just find some scripts to do whatever this update is capable of, but since it was a hell of a lot cheaper to buy on here I decided to just get it anyways.I'd say it's probably the best RPG Maker I've used yet. Really. I like the ability to make title screens in the editor itself instead of making some piece of crap on paint. Seriously, I've only managed to make one good title screen on my own...with someone else's art.Another great addition is the ability to customize the battle backgrounds. You can choose the floor and the background to whatever you choose. Want a field of organs floating in space? You can do this. Want a throne room inexplicable sitting on top of clouds? You can do this as well. Perhaps a diabolical king decided to do this with his fancy magic to make his final fight all the more epic, or maybe some giant monster exploded and now you're fighting on its flesh as it rockets into space.Another new feature that you may find useful is the ability to use an example map. You could be incredibly lazy and import an entire city into your game, or be more original and edit it to something else and save time.Back in RPG Maker 2003, there was the option to generate dungeons. You choose the walls and the floors and add some details in a generic maze style. This is in VX Ace as well, just without the details part. Just make sure the map is large enough, otherwise it will generate a small room and nothing else. As with the example maps, this is a good way to save time and edit a map less to make your game.I remember when I was making a game on VX and I found a script to have certain enemies fade away slowly like in a Final Fantasy game such as Zeromus. In VX Ace, it comes ready with a boss-fade effect for when you kill an enemy. There are three fade effects to choose from, although I have been able to make a crumbling effect in 2000 by having a boss disappear immediately and be replaced by a tiny dot monster to prevent combat from ending and then have a terrible MSpaint animation of the boss crumbling away pixel by pixel. It's not too bad actually, but I'd like to see more fade options. Perhaps a way to customize your own since it's always satisfying to see the final boss have their own special way of being destroyed (looking at you, Sephiroth).There are more features to talk of, but I'm sure that's enough to give a good example of what this update contains. Yes, I recommend it. But wait for it to be on sale. It does it all the time.EDIT: Some more time using this program and I can say that this is pretty lacking in graphics. Sure, the community has made lots of stuff, but I definitely prefer the variety Don Miguel's RTP for RPG maker 2000 provided. There's much more to make your games with and I challenge you to prove me otherwise.On top of that, the way the game handles MIDIs is very poor. First off, it has its own soundfont. The soundfont has a weird reverb to it and it generally doesn't sound very good at all. Then, if you initialize  MIDI at start up, it takes much longes to load the game. These are MIDIs! It makes no sense! Maybe t's the soundfont, though.Another thing it really lacks is animations. First of all, the weather is limited to rain, snow, and ""storm"". There are a few weather scripts from the community, but I've not seen a sandstorm one which really sucks. The snow is also really weak. I wanted a blizzard, but I couldn't get one. The battle animations are also lacking. There are no bow animations. Why? Previous RPG makers have had arrows, why not this one?The character maker is a bit lacking but not too much of a problem. There's no option to make a sprite with a hood, so I had to make a character have a red hairstyle flatted on the top and have him not face the player or to the left or the right.Finally, there is no key item menu that can be brought up via event. I wanted to be able to open up a special window with key items by talking to a crystal so that the player could select a key item. If the right one were to be selected, it would trigger something. There's no option. I saw something on it, but it shouldn't be so needlessly complicated. Maybe there's a script that implements it. Who knows?So do I still recommend this? Yeah, I guess. Get it as cheap as you can, for sure. 70 dollars is insane especially when you consider the DLC. It's certainly not worth that much.EDIT: Changing this to not recommended. I just can't recommend this at all anymore. There are barely any resources, and the tiles that are there are just squares that inconsistently fuse with eachother. I just can't see a way to make a good map with it. Just use 2000 and Don's RTP. Much more resources to use."
,Recommended,220700,7971748,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,sraela,"Highly recommended, great software for people who do and don't know how to script. Some things will take time to learn so try not to get to attached to your first couple of games/projects. I also bought some DLC and was disappointed so make sure you try and find out more about them before parting with your money. But once you get used to the software and find the right resources and scripts to suit the style of game you are going for, you will find you can make something that really stands out."
76561198031654068,Recommended,220700,7933631,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Daxterules,"One of the best games for creativity. Your questions shouldn't be, ""What can you do with this software?"" Instead, they should be ""What can't you do?"" This software allows you to create a game in your style with the classic Legend of Zelda style!"
76561198248714336,Not Recommended,220700,21090628,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,lucky_charm888,"This software is really, really good. However, the limited amount of resources and its learning curve sort of drags it down. Proceed with caution"
76561198019579984,Recommended,220700,8886194,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,AppleFace,Great Software! I was enjoyed it so much. Does everything you would want to do if you are designing an old school rpg. Worth the money! Grab the DLC's. Have fun. My time is prob much more on it due to the fact that I did a lot of offline work.
,Recommended,220700,9268207,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,lolicol And Snipah Plus,"No esta mal, pero no se adapta a todos los tipos de juego RPG."
,Recommended,220700,8207426,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Septer,Well worth it :)
,Recommended,220700,10305898,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,-{GMZ}- A Crit-Sergeant,"Simply Divine. This Game Is Certainly Worth The $70. I Have Created So Many RPG Games In This One Creator, It's Not Even Funny. Everyone Who Loves RPG Games And Has An Infinite, Wild Imagination, GET THIS GAME!!!"
,Recommended,220700,9176757,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sniper3080p,"This software makes making old-school type RPG games easier than ever! It's just that it's still not easy enough for the average Joe. But this is easy as it's gonna get until we start having Artificial Inteligence building it for us. Others may say that this requires no programming knowledge what-so-ever but I think that's a bit of a stretch. If you want to work with triggers and custom scripts to make a higher quality game, basic programming knowledge is definitely required unless you want to spend hours and hours on trial and error. Other than that, it's fun to poke around and test out some stuff, and possibly build your own game.My score: 7.5/10PS. DLC's are not very recommended, as there are tons of free user-made contents available out there for you to use. The DLCs, for the most part, are overpriced and won't see much usage, maybe with an exception for the soundpacks."
76561197978547720,Recommended,220700,8418121,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Clockwork,For those ambitous enough. Enter VX ace. Everything you need to make the game you wanted to play when you were a kid.The product speak for itself. It's easy to use and fun to use. The ability to play test what you have created makes for alot of fun. The one thing people may not mention is how great of a community surrounds this product. That alone is worth the price.
,Recommended,220700,21660351,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Unranked,CANCER
,Recommended,220700,7800116,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Your Favorite Victory is Bugged,"This software is amazing. you can make almost any story you want. there are alot of tile to work with and you can add your own content! best of all, you share your game with your friends!"
,Recommended,220700,7784763,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,OREEEEEEEsa,RPG Maker VX Ace is an amazing game design software that allows you to create video games even if you have no coding experience!  I recomend this software to both designing newbies and seasoned creators.
76561197990027055,Recommended,220700,13627476,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,kkelly,This program is great to scratch that creative itch.  Just make sure to keep the games short so it doesn't take forever to create them.
,Recommended,220700,7999577,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Snow day Bard,its well developed software but it is pretty hard to use
,Recommended,220700,7890240,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,darthnatus,I can't emphasize how useful this is! If you have ever wanted to make your own RPG you need to buy this.
,Recommended,220700,11720707,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Pencilartguy,"I like it and I would reccomend this but I would also like to go over a few things I like and dislike about this RPG Maker to make sure the person considering buying this will at least like it as much as I do.First, the Pros:1. It's somewhat easy to figure out and there is hardly any need to know scripting.2. The Character Generator. This makes it very easy to make new sprites and there are quite a few options within the generator to create some original sprites. Also, if you know what you are doing you can draw your own sprites and put them into the generator for any new characters you create. For example, I made a backpack sprite for the accessories and I can create a person with a backpack whenever I need to.3. The music in this is actually enjoyable to listen on itself (at least in my opinion) which is good since you want a battle with the right music to go with it.4. DLC content is available.5. Importing stuff outside of RPG maker is easy enough. Since I am an artist on deviantART and have some knowledge with GIMP, I can literally sketch out a monster, draw it, color and everything and put it in an RPG to fight.6. There is quite a community base for RPG Maker so if you are looking for sprites, scripting help or whatever you need someone on RPG Maker forums, Steam or even deviantART might be able to help you.7. Considering what you are given most game developers would pay three times as much just to get a program like this...8. Events during battles. I can make a monster or a boss for example say something in the middle of the fight.Cons:1. ...but $69.99 is still a lot of money for most people these days. I actually got this for half that a couple months ago when it was on sale for at least half. Even some of the DLC is pretty pricey.2. While there are a lot of sprites and the Character Generator helps, there are only a few monsters this game comes with. Back when I said I can draw my monsters on GIMP, I'll have to be doing that a lot for the game I am making. If you plan on having a large assortment of monsters to fight then you better know how to draw or at least have a few friends who do.3. Chibi sprites. A major turnoff. As much as I like this RPG Maker I hate how they used these small sprites. Sure, Pokemon used them and this is just a personal thing but I would have prefered taller sprites. Now you can still use the taller sprites but putting an ""!$"" (ingore quotations) in the front of the name of the file but you would have to draw every single sprite by hand or go find them on the internet.4. Small screen resolution. I mean very small.5. For some strange reason whenever the monsters attack one of my party it doesn't show any lightning or fire hitting my characters. I'm sure with scripting it can be fixed but it shouldn't have to be in the first place. Speaking of scripting...6. ...like I said there is no need for scripting knowledge to create a game. However, for the more advance graphical stuff such as seeing your characters beside their HP you MUST know scripting, otherwise you will be getting Earthbound style battles. Now that's not necessarily a bad thing but I would appreciate seeing my character's face by their health bar at least.7. The battle message text goes by way too fast. Fortuantely with scripting it can be fixed very easily. Just go to the scripts and look for Windows. Look for Window_BattleLog and between line 191 and 197 change ""20"" to ""30"" and then save your RPG. The text speed should become more reasonable.A lot of these Cons I was able to either get around or forgive but to some people, they might be too much. With that said I would still reccomend RPG Maker VX Ace because I use it, but I would also reccomend getting it while it's on sale like I did. It's good enough to buy but might not be worth it's current price."
,Recommended,220700,6665246,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,┼Gale Roar┼,Brilliance. Right here. Love it. Only thing it needs is a workshop to show off your games.
,Recommended,220700,11192111,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,UnReal-4-Life,This is great good software for game making has started to be avalible I like this one and one other this is a fantastic tool.
,Recommended,220700,22811366,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,GSMarus,"This software is great. It's easy to learn and fun to master, anyone who might want to get into RPG game creation should give this a try."
76561198133506997,Recommended,220700,19204460,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,JerryDaMouse,"""Simple and Easy to Use""10/10Too smart for me :/"
,Recommended,220700,19920163,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,『Kūhaku』,"Very fun piece of software, if you're interested in just making games or messing around with the idea in your spare time this is a product that it quite good to use. It's very easy to use so anyone can have a go and feel comfortable, or if you're really good with code and/or artistic you can make an amazing game."
,Recommended,220700,23088420,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Matz,:)
,Recommended,220700,16036120,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,After,Omg the easy's game maker if you dont cant this you cant no other maker program's and its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome my game is soon ready
,Recommended,220700,13269844,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,ShadowGreninja,"RPG Maker VX Ace..... I have had many times where I wanted to do something specific.... Making Video Game Music (Garage Band is for Apple products, not Windows, other ones for PC I've never used and look complecated) was one of them. Then, my love of RPG's brought me to a new conclusion: ""I want to make my OWN RPG!"". My Favorite RPG's (Pokemon and Paper Mario TTYD) are most likely my favorite games, ever. That inspired me. After a couple of hours, I find this. The RPG Maker VX Ace. The video looked amazing! It was my dream come true! At the time I had Steam, since I got it to play TF2, one of the best games ever (Get TF2 it's Free to Play). When I saw it was available on Steam, I had to (and I mean I HAD TO) get my hands on it, as soon as possible. Then came the problem.... it was $69.99!!! My god it was expensive! Luckily, Lord Gaben, our Lord and Savior, bringing no Half Life 3 (I don't even play Half Life), but thousands of Steam DISCOUNTS! It was about $40 or $50 then, so I refused to give up this amazing oppurtunity! Then, the time came.... IT WAS MINE!!! Then, I realized: this is going to take a looong time..... but FEAR NOT!!! If you put enough time into it whenever you would like, you can have a full RPG! My Windows Vista was in need of replacement, so thats over with. I lost alll of my stuff from it though. Unless I use it again (I won't), all of that effort is gone. But I'm not shaken! That just means I can have a fresh start. Now, I'm better at it than I was before. It wouldn't allow me to play it when I first got my new computer, but today, early December 2014, it can run! I think its because I downloaded neccesary things to it, but all that matters is that I didn't have to pay for it again! There are so many finished versions in the Steam Workshop, so that is my proof of what can happen if you put the time and care into YOUR game. ""Simple enough for a child, powerful enough for a developer"" is NOT exageration."
76561198091001425,Recommended,220700,17030695,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,AtomicTermite10,"The only complaint I would have about this game is that there is no real how-to tutorial in game or anywhere at all realy. Its more of a 'what does this do? ohh, cool' kinda thing. I'd really like to see any form of informational video. Beyond that this game is a huge timesink and more than worth it. 11/10 easy"
76561198014561479,Recommended,220700,12120760,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Ming Lee,LOL! this software is fun as hell. You can make some stupid funny stuff..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj7CapRuWFc&list=PLBs8YOvtSiqAK_62plnG-7ToeYxUQkgeB
,Recommended,220700,9328564,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Bláck,how do i use this
,Recommended,220700,16346194,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,ACE RyanAnayaMc,"Ignore my use time in this. I have been using this program for thousands of hours since before this was even on Steam.RPG Maker VX Ace lived up to my expectations and just murdered them. This program is extremely easy to use. I know absolutely no coding and this program is allowing me to do rather complex things in games. Though the program is aimed at making RPGs, some can probably get it to do some other nifty things. Maybe make a very cheap 2D racing game. I am actually making a game where racing scenes are part of it, and it works very well because of the very powerful Switch and Variable system.There is so much content that comes with the default RTP. It should be more than enough for novice developers and maybe even experienced coders. Still not enough? There are so many DLC resources. Also look stuff up on Google. There is so much stuff there. You can find faces, sprites, battlers, the list goes on. You probably will not find yourself unable to find resources.Eventing is a very powerful system featured in this application. The eventing allows the user to add dialogue, start battles, display options, open shops, and about a hundred other things (well, more like 40 but that is still a lot.). Did I mention that is simple to use?Making enemies couldn't have been easier. Just choose a graphic and stats for the enemy, give him some attacks, maybe even add some special attributes if you are advanced. Then you can proceed to edit how they appear in battle such as positioning, what enemies are in each battle, et cetera. Mainly for boss battles, you can also use all the powerful eventing features for the battles as well. Add dialogue mid-battle. Make more enemies appear. Make an enemy transform. Let your imagination go free.The weapon, item, and armor making system is extremely simple as well thanks to the easy GUI. Name it. Choose an icon. Describe it. Add attributes.Just as easy for the actor making system. Choose graphics. Name him/her. Describe him/her. Choose a starting level. Choose what the character's class is. Also, class-making is easy. Choose the special attacks for the class as well as what level they unlock at. Choose the stats for the class. Choose what the class equips or can't equip. Add some special attributes to the class.For battles, there are still many options. For weapons, special attacks, and items, you can add animations that play when that skill/weapon/item is used. For each, just choose from 110 bundled animations or make your own. For specials, choose whether or not it damages or heals. Then the Mana cost. Maybe even a TP (whatever that means) requirement.Don't like calling it Mana? Wanna call Health something else? Don't wanna denote the currency with ""G""? You can easily edit that kind of stuff.For the advanced users, you can utilize the RGSS3 engine to add your scripts that add additional functionality to the game. For noobs like me, you can search the internet for some good ones. They include, but are nowhere near limited to, in-game time with screen-tinting based on the time. Sideview battle system. Shoplifting. Insert idea here. It probably exists.The only real downside to this is that it just makes an RPG.I know this review was long, but I simply cannot express how much I love this program.I have not yet tried out the Steam workshop features, though.SCORE: 100/100CONCLUSIONWant to easily make a game? Buy it. Or just wait for a sale, because this program becomes dirt cheap (well, not really) on sale. I bought it on Steam for $17.49. A lot better than a full price of $69.99, eh?"
76561198105798752,Recommended,220700,14919820,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Eusong,"Programming is difficult and takes a lot of dedication. This RPGMaker makes building a game significantly easier. Granted it will still take time and brains to master, but you'll be able to do so at a much faster rate.Would sell my soul for this."
,Recommended,220700,21168460,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,crazyfrog,"RPG Maker VX Ace is a good base for game development. The base graphic's aren't that unique and you can see this in some games on STEAM, however custom graphics can make a game truly stand out. While there's some of hardcoded restrictions, (ex: 640x480 resolution limit), these can be circumvented with scripts, (ex: Fullscreen script). Honestly, at this point I would suggest just get RPG Maker MV, but I stick with this as I don't feel like buying MV."
,Recommended,220700,21975531,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Aussie Snags,I just got it10/10
,Recommended,220700,9275253,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,{Anti} Ani,"RPG Maker is a very fun and useful utility. While I do recommend it to anyone who's interested in making a short, casual game, be warned - even with a utility like this, you're going to have to spend alot of time on it."
,Recommended,220700,28613404,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,shAggz_iN_rEvOlt,"Ever since FInal Fantasy IV and Chrono Trigger I have dreamed of making my own worlds. This is a dream come true, and there is a giant friendly community of people dedicated to helping provide graphics for free commercial and non-commercial use. I got it on sale but to me it's worth more than the MSRP. I love it. Very easy to use. I mastered most of the basics in the first hour.It's gr8 r8 8/8"
,Recommended,220700,28727567,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,❤AlphaAmelia❤,ok.
76561198117093028,Recommended,220700,10879742,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,yossarian229,Very nice interface and very easy to pick up and learn.  Great for a beginner looking to get into game design.
76561198042559301,Recommended,220700,11040463,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TrippleZero,This Is Awesome to make you own rpg games but 70$ not worth it i got it when it was 14$ so buy it when its on sale!
,Recommended,220700,11067470,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,VideoGarver,"Just started messing around with RPG Maker VX Ace, following along with some tutorials on youtube(http://youtu.be/bzqt1PzBxxQ)by a great user called Venthros.  If you're into old school RPG games in the vein of the original Final Fantasy and are interested in making one of your own, this is the best tool for you.  It has tons of included assets you can build a complete game with, or if you've got the talent or resources you can create your own assets - everything from sprites, to tilesets and music - and really make it your own.  Right now I'm just learning, so I'm sticking to the included assets.  I can see how addicting this program could be, though, and there's a chance I'll go farther down the rabbit hole as I continue to learn and get better at using it.When you start up the program, it just drops you in, so it can be pretty daunting at first.  The software does provide extensive tootips on everything to help you out, but if you're new to game making, you'll need to find a tutorial somewhere.  I hightly recommend Venthros at the link above.In any case, a great tool for the money.  Grab it if you're at all interested in game making, or even just being a Game Master.  Especially if there's a sale again and it gets discounted.  Definitely worth the money."
76561198022744456,Recommended,220700,10977987,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Atom Smasher,Really fun and easy to use go ahead and make me a epic game to play
,Recommended,220700,11082297,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Terra McCloud,"It is a great program, I personally enjoy using it. But it is not worth the full price. Wait for a sale people, then get it."
,Recommended,220700,10964981,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,King Arthur / Dalewyn,"Terrible map editor and horribly inefficient in handling events being processed on maps. Still, the engine as a whole is very flexible and those who know how to program can make effective use of RGSS and events to do just about anything imaginable.Now if only RPG Maker 2000 would come over here..."
,Recommended,220700,11024640,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DDCN-Carrissis,I have to say I have been very happy with RPG Maker VX Ace. Out of the box it is great for beginners. With a little time and effort it doesn't take long to start building a basic game.While it might not be the most advance game engine out there. It does what it does well. I would gladly suggest RPG Maker to anyone who loves this style of gaming.
,Recommended,220700,11078004,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Aiko Setsuna,"I love this software, and if anyone needs to figure out anything of course youtube has some great how to videos that even i didn't think of myself."
,Recommended,220700,1328346,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Skerxan,Good stuff.
76561198095329884,Recommended,220700,17094032,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,gamerprolc,"At first glance someone would say ""This is stupid. Who would buy a game maker like this for $70?"" Let me put you at ease. This game creator is amazing. That being said, GET IT DURING A SALE. You will save loads, and have an amazing 2D game creator for roughly $20. I recommend this to anyone trying to make a nice old fashioned RPG. I personally enjoy the pixelated graphic style, and the ability to create your own graphics. There are so many things you can do with this. Buy it. You'll like it."
,Recommended,220700,10277549,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Commissar JJ.Maihem,"Its not a easy tool, so for all the people getting hot... better think about it.Provide a lots of resources and utilities to make a good game, but you need to work for it and hard. The games are not made in one day so you better keep the moral and do the things slowy and wiouth hast.If you are up to a challenge then feel free to adquire it and make a good game."
76561198008100566,Recommended,220700,9297184,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Edimame,Very easy to learn and fun to use.
76561198255144451,Recommended,220700,21011769,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sadet the Hyperactive Princess,very helpfulthe onlything not helpful is when I get hit with a wrighters block
,Recommended,220700,2944658,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Drako9,DAhahahaha why the ♥♥♥♥ did i buy thatnostalgia ftw(still the 2k3 was the best rpg maker ever)
,Recommended,220700,16048957,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,legopikmin,"Let me be clear. This is NOT a game engine (IMO) It kind of is a glorified level editor. However it is great! I strongly recommend this software. It's great for beginner programmers, being mostly pre coded vrs starting from scratch. You ""can"" use source open end code of your own if need be. So it'd be good to start out using this for games and then move onto something pure code like Unity. I could easily make a great game with this, and you can too!"
76561198061732453,Recommended,220700,33245133,Posted: 4 July,all,Echlord,The only real problem is that there is too much anime for my tastes.
,Recommended,220700,9288788,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dracosna,Amazingly simple software to use. If you want to make a JRPG THEN BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,220700,9264442,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,SgtWolf89,great for the begining person who wants to build their own game. lots of features and new dl content definitly a must!!!!
,Recommended,220700,9262237,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,General Severus van Helsing,"its alittle hard to figure exactly how it works at the beginning. but once you get a good feeling for RPG Maker VX, it becomes a great program and its really great and super fun to use. i highly recommend this."
,Recommended,220700,9264037,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Game Jumper,pretty cool but i need to find out what im doing XD
,Recommended,220700,9287145,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Defiled Dahlia,This is simply magical.Though be sure you can afford some DLCs so you can get the most out of it!
76561198052674173,Recommended,220700,12230816,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,SkyeRise,"If you are considering to buy this, consider the following (+ and -):+ a great allround package for any type of RPG game and (with scripts) even more+ customizability with scripts is almost limitless+ commercial games can be created without additional royalty payments+ tons of high quality art and music included- resolution max is 640x480 (can get higher by rescaling with scripts)- map event trigger feature is there but broken (you can script around that though)- at least 100 times slower flow than it should be with modern PCs (but still ok)- when closing it often crashes so you need to force close steam before using again (created games are stable)Anyway, even though it has its obvious issues, this is a brilliant package for game making. The community is huge, the available DLCs are beautiful, the scripts you can get for it (I advise you google ""yanfly"") can customize anything and the absolute best: I managed to learn to do just about everything in a matter of a week. Yes, seriously. If you really spend time with scripts and tutorials and try stuff out, you can master this piece of software in no time.Unless you are now so pumped that you just HAVE to get it, you might want to buy it when it's 75% off though (since that happens often). Have fun!"
76561198113094231,Recommended,220700,30672438,Posted: 22 March,all,johnmc50,This looks easy to understand. It has a lot of sources and other features I like
76561198060715578,Recommended,220700,12699707,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Vicarious Regret,Really easy and fun to just play around with. But even better once you build up the courage to break the surface of what this game has to offer.
76561198141483079,Recommended,220700,31606035,Posted: 7 May,all,Mr. Boonana,"if you want to make RPG games...Well you can!RPG Maker has everything (well most things) you'll need to make an rpg game!Like abilty to create quests, cutscenes & much more!I recommend RPG Maker VX Ace to everyone out there that reads this =D"
,Recommended,220700,12761426,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,A Salt Rifle,A wonderful bit of software. perfect for creating almost anygameThis software is fantastic although the price is a little steep. the program makes it easy for anyone reguardless of if they know code or not to create a good RPG game easily with the simple UI the program offers users.
,Recommended,220700,7876928,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Squiddlez,"I am dissapointed but still pleased by VX Ace. Since it was released I've used XP, but because of XP's age and lack of larger screen resolutions I decided to buy VX ACE.I haven't gone too in depth with VX Ace, so far only using stock tilesets and this is where my biggest dissapointment lies. While most people that are serious about making their own RPG will more than likely use Parallax backgrounds, for those of us that lack artistic skill, the stock map maker and tilesets are where its at.The problem with it though is that it automatically merges similar tilesets together if they touch (I'm not sure if this was an issue in XP since it's been a year since I've messed with it). Say you want to make a Large home with a little shack attached. Well if the top of the roof on the shack matches the height of the main building, they merge and look like the roof is a single part of the building and the only way I have found to prevent this is to use two different tiles.I would STRONGLY encourage people, who are thinking of buying VX ACE, to learn how to use a good image editor such as Photoshop or Gimp, to create Parallax backgrounds for their worlds. It's a little more labor intensive, but you'll have a better look and feel to your game!"
76561197982433993,Recommended,220700,8076561,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,The Swordsman,"This game will consume your soul, bleed you dry of every waking moment you play this game and then when you see the masterpiece you have worked ages on completed you will realize one thing. I already know how to beat this game. >.<Still an amazing game that is incredibly fun."
,Recommended,220700,8050959,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,china,video GAMES.
,Recommended,220700,10283201,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",RPG maker got me started on making my first games. If I did not play around with this engine I would be stuck making $hitty games without a game engine. Thus RPG Maker gave me confidence to move on to the next best game engine Unity.I no longer use RPG Maker VX Ace because I use the Unity Game engine but for what it is worth I highly recommend someone to start with RPG Maker because it teaches you the basics of how a game engine works. If you however want to start with Unity you most likely should take a programming class or use RPG maker first. For teaching purposes I recommend this software.
,Recommended,220700,16197905,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Serenzical,"This program is phenomenal piece of software that is super easy and fun to use. you can make RPG's of your wildest imagination. I've only used it for 52 hours and i already know everything that you need to know to make an RPG, and all you need to make one is imagination, perseverance, and Patience to make one. I might have got this on sale for $14.00 but i would've payed $70.00 to get it"
,Recommended,220700,21506478,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,The Bug Lord,I got it for $15 on steam sales so it is good.
,Recommended,220700,21034791,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,ruerue244,This was on sale and i can't afford MV.
76561198063538637,Recommended,220700,21580090,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,kyo8910,..
,Recommended,220700,10326550,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Die at 19KS,"For people that want to learn how to start making games, I recommend that you use RPG maker VX ace. It's great, simple, and easy to use! I made a demo project in two hours, only using RPG maker. Is a great program, of course, it doesn't make a GTA V, but, you can make simple games. It's much better for horror games, is way much easier to make, and still scary."
76561198288184772,Recommended,220700,23967314,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,drfalse,best thing yet! please update it more!
,Recommended,220700,19980456,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Matydos,
76561198115812513,Recommended,220700,16608364,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,King Skywhale,"This is the first software i've ever used, which means that I really have no experience in making games.....or using any type of software for anything. I may not be the best person for this, but i have been using this software for a while now. There is a manual for how to do things, but to be honest i didn't use it, not because i'm impatient or dumb, but because i wanted to leard through experience. It's very easy to learn and grasp the concept, plus they give you a bunch of average RPG elements to show you the basics (Characters, skills, weapons, etc.). The only thing i had trouble figuring out was because of my own fault. This is a very good engine, escpecially if you're just starting to make games. If you're interested, buy it. It's not bad at all."
,Recommended,220700,16571988,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,倪浩 |ettuce,"small review, while i haven't used vx ace through steam so much, i have used it a bit, it's a great engine for beginners, i would still be using this software as well but since i've changed to linux and it's got no support, i've got to find a new engine."
76561198234035396,Recommended,220700,16615820,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Frost_icn,"Very easy to use, it will soon be able to make a beautiful game.I, as a beginner, I was able to learn a few days to do the game user software.Which contains a lot of material term, sending I do not have too long to complete the production of the game. At the same time, do not spend too much of my time, because it has been written."
,Recommended,220700,16548243,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Dravas,"I Love This And I Love To Make My Own RPG's. I Say That It Is Really Amazing And If You Wish To Make Your Own Get This, And If You Are Creative Try This. I'm Amazed At How Good It Is, The Full Is So Much More Of An Experience Than The Lite And You Should Get This As Soon As You Can."
,Recommended,220700,16557990,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Twibz,At first i was confused just making maps and using the premade characters then i started messing around and BOOM i made a vinesauce EGGTYPE RPG xD its fun and hard work but still TENOUTTATEN -arin hanson 2012
,Recommended,220700,28045159,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GibusCat,Great Game making tool get this if you want to be a RPG creator or any typeOf Gmae creator! Great Solfware get it if you ever get the chance or Money!
76561197998197307,Recommended,220700,17552945,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Small dick; Fat tits,I can play so many games with this :v long live rpgs yo
,Not Recommended,220700,8921617,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Flame2057,Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220700,19407546,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Thinzy[:3],"I've already made 2 games with this engine! It's soo easy to use and the part where you expect there to be coding, well guess what, there isn't! :D I love using this engine and I'm going to continue using it!"
76561197972436174,Recommended,220700,28390335,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Heather Kettle games,it's good
,Recommended,220700,28580390,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,MU,"in the name of gamer - like a dream that fill your imagine , make your game that your want"
76561198127017110,Recommended,220700,35326671,Posted: 30 September,all,Dark wolf,One of best rpg maker engines I have ever encountered
,Recommended,220700,35183408,Posted: 24 September,all,InterDimensional Idiot,Great Fun and intuitive.
,Not Recommended,220700,9768280,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Bunktavious,"A decently powerful tool for making simple sprite based games - from 2002. There is a reason this product will run on a P4 with 512MB Ram. I foolishly bought it last year without reading enough reviews. See the screen shots in the preview window up above? Well, enjoy, that's this game at full resolution right there. It's hard coded to go no more than 640 x 480 resolution, which is less than most phones used a couple of years ago. So if you want to make games that run in postage stamp sized windows on your desktop, please enjoy.I won't even get in to the cost of downloding addons. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for something that was written some time in the current decade. This was not. Plenty of good tools out there that can help you make interesting games. Many of them are free. This costs an arm and a leg. Was probably the biggest waste of money I've ever spent on Steam, and I bought Duke Nukem Forever."
,Not Recommended,220700,13176531,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Astral Ace,"Product delibertly corrupts project files if you edit anything offline.  (not logged into steam)RPG Maker and Steam seem to be deliberetly penalising customers who bought the software and not the pirates who can run it offline with no issues.Tip: Don't buy the steam version, pay for a licence from the RPG Maker website and download it from CNet or Youtube.Hours of work ruined, thanks steam."
76561198044865216,Not Recommended,220700,12166243,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,The Floofiest of Boopers,"So fun to use and create my own games!!.....until it started crashing, anyways. I loved using RPG Maker VX Ace, and recently got 3 DLC to expand my options. However, upon attempting to open RPG Maker, it would instantly crash on me. I dont know if this is a result of the DLC I bought or what, but I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling the application, and the problem persists. I don't want to have wasted my money on such a great game-making tool, but until this is fixed, I am unable to give a positive review, nor use RPG Maker."
,Recommended,220700,8672773,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,FockinUppity,yes.
,Recommended,220700,8035272,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Nebula #1,you know duh you know duh YOU KNOW DUH
,Recommended,220700,13261264,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,龍 Mao,"I haven't even made a complete game with this, but it's still very intuitive and simple for beginners.It may be a bit expensive for it's asking price, but it's a simple RPG builder that is actually quite flexible. The games you make with it all follow the same engine unless you want to tweak the script to make your game a bit more different. I highly suggest you learn how to do so if you want to make a more unique game.Map building is fairly easy, and it's also quite easy to set up events. Although it is a long process, modifying and changing the database is pretty essential to making your game and it's set-up is pretty easy. It's interface is very simple and intuitive, making it easy for non-programers to understand and use.RPG Maker isn't entirely flexible beyond Role-Playing games, and while people have made commercial games out of it, it's definately not the best tool to get the job done. RPG Maker VX Ace is also NOT on the Mac, as it's code was mainly built for Windows. Some of the DLC packs are also too expensive for their asking price and is much more worth getting it on sale, or just building your own assets from scratch (If you have that talent).But add in trading cards, Steam Workshop support and a large seperate online forum with a cool community, and you've got a software that's worth owning if you ever wanted to build a RPG game."
,Recommended,220700,8388378,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,how to leave town,buy it its fun
,Recommended,220700,24045328,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Steve Dancer,love it
,Recommended,220700,32895880,Posted: 27 June,all,umaru season 2,good rpg maker
,Recommended,220700,13678436,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,nathan,"""its ok"" ~IGN10/10"
76561198132416706,Recommended,220700,24010768,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,jeff,pretty good
,Not Recommended,220700,14607368,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,CrO2_,"If you want to make a game that you can pretty much only play on a computer with the right supporting libraries, then this might be for you.If you're looking to make serious RPGs, stay far, far away from RPG Maker. At the time of writing this, as far as I've been able to research, you can't port games you make with this to other systems (ie: Mac/Linux/iOS/Android), so your ability to distribute and get your game and story out there are really hindered.If you're into making mobile games, I'd recommend checking out Unity."
76561198039115169,Recommended,220700,9714728,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,FeargZ,"Hey people this game is great, i would recomend it :)"
76561198079341779,Recommended,220700,7864802,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Hunter,"I love this. It's cool, easy to use, and has nice graphics to boot!"
,Recommended,220700,7798837,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,alecdog08,This is one of the easiest software's to use. I can find myself using this for years to come. You can even  use custom scripts too! I believe that this program is worth every penny!
,Recommended,220700,32916787,Posted: 28 June,all,Cleo,A brilliant software for those who feel creative and want to try making a 'Pixel Game'
76561198131838426,Recommended,220700,16698937,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Ghee Buttersnaps,BEST THING EVER!!! YOU WILL BE SOOOOOOOOOO SURPRISED AT HOW EASY IT IS TO MAKE A GOOD QUALITY RPG WITH THIS!!! BEST DECISION I EVER MADE WAS TO BUY THIS PROGRAM.
,Recommended,220700,12141168,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Woeger,"Amazing but of kit, everyone can get something out of this and great games have been made on thisHighly recomended."
76561197989421071,Recommended,220700,19737024,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,TheStoryteller01,"9/10 - made in Japan in the best of waysRPG Maker VX Ace is one of the easiest to use 2D editors around.Having said that it's still a lot of work to create a game worthwhile publishing but you can find examples on Steam itself that it is possible.The included media's ""chibi"" style is not everyone's taste and if it's not yours either prepare toa) spend several weekends to collect free assets from all around the web (There's probably more HQ material available than you'll ever use) orb) spend a lot of cash on media DLCs (most of which are absolutely worth it).The built in scripts for combat, battle, spells, class, leveling, traders etc work flawlessly and there are tons of free scripts available to turn your game into something completely different.Plus the community is a large, helpful and creative one, there are numerous english language sites offering media, advice or a place to present your first game.You can download some free assets from my own site which has regular updates:https://thestoryteller01.wordpress.com/"
76561198154202628,Recommended,220700,27741883,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LazerFazerDazer,10/100 IGN
,Recommended,220700,13677559,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Nanaki,Yes.
,Recommended,220700,29879092,Posted: 12 February,all,Avant-garde,Yes.
76561198002820827,Recommended,220700,9301419,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Jäveln,surprisingly addictive to create mapslove the samurai dlcits tricky and requires work to make maps but even a moron like me have it easy to create anything
,Recommended,220700,9775811,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Tephlonx5,"Easy to learn, fun to use. great results. Just add vision, and you're good to go!"
,Recommended,220700,21969080,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,TheBigWeed25,
,Recommended,220700,8273908,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,manic221,"Wonderful even if your not interested in making an RPG if you want to tell a story and create a living breathing world RPG Maker will give you everything you'll need and more, plus its so easy to pick up and learn. Highly recomended."
,Recommended,220700,1733462,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,GaryCXJk,"I always did my RPG making with brand X, but now I use RPG Maker VX Ace for all my chores! It doesn't leave a mess, and is easily cleaned. It can even go in the dishwasher! Now I can't live without it!"
,Recommended,220700,7748189,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,The Sea Captain,RPG Maker VX Ace is a brilliant peice of game making software and is suited towards both beginner and intemediate video game makers
76561198127836370,Recommended,220700,13054959,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,GiveMeMoreMilk,great tool for creating. currently working on a project!
76561198202207187,Recommended,220700,35245190,Posted: 27 September,all,Imperator Waffles,I love the ease of use and community support. It would really help if I had any graphic art skills.
,Not Recommended,220700,11038581,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,nutcase840,"Way overpriced to little content really only should be about £2-£3 even if it comes down in price when its on sale its still overpriced,Pros-quick loading/testing because of it being 2D graphics-easy to add own artwork and grapics with a simple importing system-mapping can be simple when using there premade maps-experienced ruby editors users can make biggest additions to a game-share thru steam workshop both with content and releases-familar pokemon/ff battle system-simple system to expand the database and add charaters , classes , skills , enemys , events and itemsCons-not much to work with unless you buy the dlcs!-hardcoded max level of 99 cant really customize this!-if you think that you bought a tool that makes it easier to make rpg you are wrong!-you have edit the core scripts or add extra scripts to make simple changes i.e adding enemy health bars or having more than 4 party members! its should exist as a yes/no or global setup option.-no built in tutorial and the online official tutorial is not easy to follow!-sort of rigerous click an select event creations too little game impact and really longwinded-no real rpg elements to switch out forced to use there builtin battle and level systems-no local/networked mutliplayer-finally the dlcs which are out now probably make up the actual intial product which means this puts the cost up to £516.60 that includes rpg maker plus all dlcs some of which are way so over priced you might as well buy game maker!2/10 for being just too overpriced with little content plus having too many limits."
76561198051142121,Not Recommended,220700,13397751,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,cturner2689,I really mad that they have not included multiple battle system types in these RPG makers for us yet......The standard battling is so freaking boring. Why can they not include multiple turn based and tacticle based styles?
,Not Recommended,220700,12075394,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Muttley,"I'll be blunt about this game. I started off loving it for the 1st hour or so, but even for a person like me with extensive training and experience in makers like this, it just felt... bland. Where's the uniqueness and creativity to make it better than it's previous incarnations and rival Game-Making softwares? Honestly. that's something I sadly don't see."
76561197983099023,Not Recommended,220700,10316797,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Natty Boh man,Pick this up only if you have a TON of time to learn how to use it. It isn't easy or even very intuitive.Looks like it'd be fun if you had the time to figure it out though.
76561198087949888,Not Recommended,220700,12171763,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Shifty Crabbage,"First of all: it's hard to work with. Getting even the basics is incredibly hard. But that doesn't really matter, if you wanted to play it, then you should've known it wasn't easy. But it is not worth the 60 bucks you have to pay for it, not even the 15 bucks I paid for it during a Steam Sale."
76561198042587568,Not Recommended,220700,12133848,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,avatarklh,it makes old nintendo quality games like dragon warrior. not for awesome rpgs. i looked at it and made a dragon warrior like game with it but to make a 30 year old game with a rpg maker only released a few years ago is why i didnt recommend it. but its good for you if you are a  beginner at making games. i am just saying it is not worth 100 bucks (i waited till it was on sale %75 off)
,Not Recommended,220700,10630808,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Decerex,You have to spend $153 even on sale to have anything worthy to use otherwise you have a small overworld.
76561198122215346,Not Recommended,220700,10329778,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Eddy T.,"Bought it, license desynced with computer and will no longer load. Sure it's a simple problem with a simple fix, but the fact that this happens with a pricey creator engine to begin with writes it off right away."
,Not Recommended,220700,10845569,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,KumaGK,"I have used older RPG makers, and enjoyed the ease of use primarily because of tutorials. This game was presented as 'easy to use' and appeared friendly for people with no prior game making experience. Perhaps it is simple for people with coding knowledge or advanced prior experience, but I have neither and found this intimidating. No ingame tutorial or ease of use makes this a very, very wasted purchase. Not for novices, at all."
,Not Recommended,220700,11513902,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,NotSoBrightGuy,"OverpricedIt should offers more for $69.99 USD. To make a decent RPG game you'll gonna need a lot of ""unofficial"" add-on. Moreover, it's not only the main program that is overpriced, It's DLCs are even worse, highly priced while there are many free resources available on the internet (with better quality)."
,Not Recommended,220700,12183020,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Fartlek Spizzle,Make your very own terrible RPGs with stock assets that will go nowhere on Steam Greenlight!
,Recommended,220700,7906441,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,モノダム,A Video Game where you make Video Games?Boring.
76561198144535639,Not Recommended,220700,19280266,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,DERPY HOOVES,i dont get why i dont have barley eny space?
,Not Recommended,220700,15609308,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Real Chief of Police,"Absolutely terrible, I spent hours on this and in the end I didn't even get my RPG-7. How am I supposed to go to war with Taco bell with a custom built, top down RPG?"
,Not Recommended,220700,16197852,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Vxscop,"I tried to like this tool, but the system was far too complicated, in contrast to what it claimbed to be."
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,220700,19674912,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Layla,"cant believe i bought this, the games it can make are horrible, graphics and the content is like commadore 64.sick of seeing games for sale on steam made with this crap, visual novels and stuff. please.company just rebrands the software and releases over and over, if you want to make games, actual games then try someonething else, loads of free 3d engines to use."
76561198153705960,Not Recommended,220700,16959310,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Gill Bates,It was a waste of 60 dollars. Use Scratch instead.
,Not Recommended,220700,29946672,Posted: 15 February,all,WisdomSpeaker Ω,This used to be good software but now everytime I open it it crashes botth itself and steam. If it is fixed I would rate it differently
,Recommended,220700,8038041,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Neffen,its ok
76561198069137978,Recommended,220700,6563703,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,AveDominusNox,well imagine pkemon graphic meets your imagination let riot
,Recommended,220700,16273605,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Evilous,░█▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀█░█░░░▀▄░▄▄▄▄▄░▄▀░░░█░░▀▄░░░▀░░░░░▀░░░▄▀░░░░▌░▄▄░░░▄▄░▐▀▀░░░▐░░█▄░░░▄█░░▌▄▄▀▀▀▀█░░░▌▄▄▀▀░▄░▀▀▄▄▐░░░░░░█▄▀▀▐▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░▀▀▌▄▄▄░░░██░░░▀▄░█░░░█░▄▀░░░░█▀▀▀░▀▄░░▀░░▀▀▀░░▀░░░▄█▀░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▄░▀▄░░░█░░░░░░░░░▄▀█░░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█▄█░░▄▀░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░████▀░░░▀▄▄▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▄▄█▀
,Recommended,220700,28716369,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rens Agatha,"Made a game 70% then stop start new project :""v"
,Recommended,220700,12175700,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Simi Sai,Very nice tool for game developer.
,Not Recommended,220700,9844549,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,n8r0n,"Decent software, but the community atrpgmakerweb.comis not very newbie friendly. They are a very closed off group and getting proper answers can be very difficult."
,Not Recommended,220700,19601878,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Scott Ackerman,♥♥♥♥ YOU AND YOU CLOUD SAVE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T! I ♥♥♥♥ING LOST EVERYTHING YOU ♥♥♥♥S ♥♥♥♥ YOU
76561198049853285,Not Recommended,220700,29748497,Posted: 6 February,all,ยังไม่ได้นอน,gosh dudemapping is so annoyingauto layer-ing almost makes me smash my pc everytime.
,Recommended,220700,11190678,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Kendank,I made a cow offer me marijuana. 10/10
76561197998431085,Recommended,220700,20831885,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Progeria Pete,This game gave me progeria and I'm ok with that.
76561198048984227,Not Recommended,220700,12678396,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,themazingness,"I'm not an artist so I was hoping this would be a good way for me to create an RPG based on the book I'm writing. Part of what I was planning was based on the available DLC. When I bought it I realized quickly I was ripped off. That much money for a dozen or so tiles is absurd. Those packs should have hundreds of resources. I would not recommend this program to somebody who can't draw their own characters. The resources are pitiful, even with DLC and free content from other creators. If you have specific things in mind, it just won't work. If you can adapt and work with the the free resources, you may be okay. Just don't plan on doing any Egyptian, Arabian, etc. themes from the DLC because the paid content is a joke."
,Not Recommended,220700,25067991,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lavender The Great 🌟,"Where do I start with this... 'thing'. The best you get is the screenshots, anything beyond that and you are plunged into downloading stuff off websites, this engine lacks so much to make an RPG that you will need to get its sequel, RPG MAKER MV, to be able to do the basics such as side on battles, which have been in existence since Final Fantasy I and yet they hadn't got their head around it until more than ten years later.Lets move onto scripting, thats a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥because it uses 'RGSS3', don't know what that means? Ruby Game Scripting 3', The language that is awfully powerless, slow and unknown, its sequel uses Javascript, so you at least have a chance of knowing how to code in it.The better alternatives to this poor engine? Theres nothing that simplifys the process as much, but you are better off learning LoVE 2D or PyGame instead, an RPG is not even that hard to make from the ground up, it will only take a couple of weeks to get the basic set up then you can do what you want from there.But yes, I will still be using this because I don't want to waste 15 bucks that I spent on it, and thats the most its worth, Don't even dare click the purchase button when not on sale."
76561198296723184,Recommended,220700,34136037,Posted: 9 August,all,Gore,VERRRRRY GOOD SOFTWAREalso can make it 1 cent for my friend he really wants it but only for my friend or at least give him a code to download ithttp://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198142181655/thats his profile
,Not Recommended,220700,10283190,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Metal Socks,"No MIDIs, dropped."
,Recommended,220700,21977735,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,How do I kill guys and f-uck bichesDaleks voice: EEEEExxxxplain!!!
,Recommended,220700,9274830,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,bryce krispie,swag
,Recommended,220700,9275847,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Handsprime,This game is a huge lieIt has nothing to do with Rocket Propelled Grenades0/10 won't recommend for people who like to make gunsLOL JKS 10/10 will recommend to Role Playing Gamers
,Not Recommended,220700,31901715,Posted: 22 May,all,Bitter,"The things you can do in this Version of RPG maker are very limitedYou have to spend hours ,days ,weeks ,months to make a decent game ...If you 're cool with the default characters, music etc. well It is ""A-okay"""
,Recommended,220700,18369718,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Kane Hart,I highly recommend RPG Maker VX Ace. It had some limitations and not as many features added as some the older features but it's simple the most powerful 2D RPG Maker on the market and I put well over 1000+ Hours on Steam alone and enjoyed every moment of it.I can't wait for the future with RPG Maker MV for a brighter and longer future :)
,Recommended,220700,12959318,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Neko-Nomikon,Bought it to make an X rated anime game about collecting bodily fluids.
,Not Recommended,220700,4943711,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,NecrolyteSoul,"NOTE: This is my opinions and thoughts of the game and not an overall view if the game for general audience. As with many reviews and opinions, take this with a grain of salt and do your own research. This is something I wrote during an intense migraine that was caused by me trying out this game development software. I was going to take it down, but after much trolling and inconsiderate people, I am not. I am standing my ground.Well, what a let down this game development engine software was. Glad bought it on sale. The character creator for this is terrible. Absoutlutely terrible. Better hope you nkow how to do digital art and design sprites because that is the only way you'll get your custom charcters into this ""RPG  game development engine software creator"". I really don't feel like spending countless hours learning how to do computer colorization on my scanned art or learn how to design characters and sprites from sctrach on my computer after spending countless hours learning just 1/3 of that the game development engine softwarecan do. The Field map is great, the dungeons are cool. The character cusomization is extensive, but as for the character creator, you only get a handful of color preselects and facial types. For a game development engine software this expensive, they could have at least put in colorsliders or spent some more time adding in more than just 7 mouth types, which only three of which don't make your character look like they had a stroke or spacing out. I particularly really don't like the adittion of the ""Buck teeth"" type. Very very poor choices.  Personally I would have been happier if they just omitted the character portraits and just spend more time on the pixel characters.As with the graphics they give you for the worldmap, general maps, dungeons, and events, they could have done a but better which certain things instead of make everthing point down and offer nothing as to hinting invisible side walls or so on.I just fell for it when I read I can make a game from scratch and have everything at my disposal. Youdon't not hav everything at your disposal, this game development engine software is just a base. the rest is up to you if you know how to do code or script edit (not me) or know how to do sprite sheets on the computer (not me) or now how to draw something either traditionaly or on the computer, color it either way and make it work in the game development engine software. This game development engine softwareis perfect you have extensive computer knowlegde or don't have a life or ascheduale. I got a headache from this game development engine softwarefrom going to tutorials and reading everyones ""Easy"" hot-to guides, then goign backwards and wondering why they don't work.Nothing in this game development engine softwareis simple. I have sat here for 4 hours trying to make a small dungeon work....Obviously they think children know what scripst editing is or know what fade in or fade out means when pertaining to events or knowing how to trigger events that open into maps and having it play background music different than what is playing, if anything, in the world map, or knowing how the tiels connect to one another. *slams head against keyboard*. For deleopers they would thinks this is kids play, thus beign overly simple if you were a developer.NOTE: DO NOT COMMENT IF YOU DON'T AGREE. DO NOT COMMENT IF YOU DON'T AGREE. DON'T EMAIL ME ABOUT WHY YOU THINK I SUCK OR IF I AM A BAD PERSON OR AN IDIOT. I AM NOT GOING TO APPEAL TO TROLLS OR TO THE MASS MAJORITY WHO THINK THE GAME IS GREAT. THIS GAME IS NOT FOR ME. IF YOU ENJOY IT....GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198083064788,Not Recommended,220700,9600395,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ellcar,after useing this for awhile learned alot ment some helpfull ppl but latly any time i post on main form page all i get is crap from community asking about scripts get flaged by mod asking about tilesets i get flaged by mod ask for help on script page apperently i was rude and find answer myself was pretty much it.  and with max resolution of 640 x 480 stretched lol i would have to say dont buy this. community is turning sour and its all about the money now ppl that where makeing free grahpics have mostly switch to trying to sell and if u do find graphics somewhere there is a chance soemone is selling it and it will be illegal to have in ur game so. easy enough for a child??? not really power full enough for developer??? not really even with scripting it is extremly limited
,Not Recommended,220700,9302225,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,SammH,"good but can't see bottom of database screen or script because it goes off the bottom of my screen. Please can you sort this by making these pages able to change in size so i can fit them on my screen, it should not happen though because my pc does match over the system requirements needed. Please canyou sort so i can play this game. i spent money on this and i expect i should at least be able to play the game."
76561198029029459,Not Recommended,220700,9866054,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Strichnine,"NOT VERY INTUITIVE, I have made rpgs with free software easier.  This software is kind of shitballs,"
16456789075432567,Not Recommended,220700,9775855,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,jn tr po,Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,220700,8263118,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BottomFeeder,"The simplistic features are unintuative, and the comlex features are not deep enough.The base release of this game contains a uslessly small archive of sprites and portraits. When attempting to create a game with the stock prites, you will waste all of your time trying to think of a plot you can carry out with the limited look and characters at your disposal. Adding sprites is needlessly clunky for a program of this cost, and of you buy the expansions it forces you to utalize said clunky system rather than having a simple tick box or the like to select to tilesets you would like to actvate.This production tool is an enourmous step backwards. The most underhanded part is they know it is, and released the earlyer RPG makers half a year after this one on steam. The reason it is economical for them to release a ""outdated version"" is because this is not a release, it is a botched project turned to a money grab. evident in every layer of the tool, including their expansion packs which tend to include 6 megs of texture data averaging fifteen dollar a release.If this compny wanted to do the right thing, they would take this tool off steam and release all its graphic content in two packs. One pack for the base set of the game including the random portrait generator, and one pack for all the combined money grab sprite kits they haveproduced since. Then I would respect their enourmous price tags.This isnt a triple A action shooter with life like trillions of bits required a second graphical texture packs being gobbled up by a  varying enviroment roaring doomsday engine, why is it priced for the complete set at $213.13 at 75% off."
,Not Recommended,220700,14815455,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Gunlimited Ammo,"♥♥♥♥ this software. ""Easy enough for a child to use"" my♥♥♥♥♥ Maybe if the child watched at least 10 hours of tutorials they would be able to use some parts of it. While the software could have easily been set up so well that it would be usable for the average person, it's not. And as far as I can tell there aren't even any in-game tutorials. The creators of this could have easily just put in hints at the beginning saying what to do, but they didn't."
76561198041603755,Not Recommended,220700,14754544,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Boxed,This game is a testament to why you should never get drunk during a summer sale
76561198064344407,Not Recommended,220700,15521289,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,aliveordead,"Do not buy, doesn't work"
,Recommended,220700,913277,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,a tragic waluigi,ace rpg makemy face when i start it: VX
76561198078564079,Recommended,220700,8441759,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,GamingHaven,its really good
76561198271581341,Not Recommended,220700,31031128,Posted: 8 April,all,User,"It worked for me, but then after a while, it was just crashing everytime.2 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,220700,10283275,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,FeelsGoodFrasier,Very weak program to build a rpg. Almost unuasable.
,Not Recommended,220700,9298619,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Data Krupa,So. Where are the VX tile sets?
76561198040840406,Not Recommended,220700,23220302,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,mischief000,"still is not really useable, sorry."
,Not Recommended,220700,23459298,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,tuckerBraga,Needs Mac port... bought this when it was released... now it is worthless to me.Thanks.
76561198084055896,Not Recommended,220700,27400590,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,paradox,My game continues to like glitch and not let me move my character around in any way. It sucks since I've spent a bunch of hours creating a world for it to just glitch up
76561197976308064,Not Recommended,220700,26615723,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,FRISKE,Profoundly overpriced; I really do not recommend it.
,Not Recommended,220700,23240030,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,PupperoniPizza,I spent a good 30 mins on this and all i was able to make was a poor blonde man stuck on a desert island with some ironicly cheery music. only for the budding devs right now.
,Not Recommended,220700,12403124,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Fartu_Master,"""No Programming Required"" and ""Simple enough for a child""Absolutely EVERYTHING about this product lies I can't program and guess what? I CANT MAKE A GAME BECAUSE I HAVE TO KNOW HOW TO PROGRAM. Jeez -_-"
76561198103028927,Not Recommended,220700,12276264,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Eat Sum Food,this blows i dont even know how to work this item (witch i did not even want) but my brother bought it and now im stuck with it that i can sell or refund the change back to my steam account someone help please
76561198027064093,Not Recommended,220700,32282409,Posted: 8 June,all,NHGH,"Turns out, you cannot make a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sword."
,Not Recommended,220700,545767,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Bozworth,"don't waste your time or money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  it looks better than it is.  you're stuck with a 640 x 480 resolution and while the rest of it looks good, the support is only by the community.  the developers have been MIA for years."
,Not Recommended,220700,12637651,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,dynamicastudios,IT SAYS RTP NOT INSTALLED HELP
,Not Recommended,220700,33812934,Posted: 26 July,all,Lil Windex,Bought this June 22nd 2014 and I have never regretted spending so much money on a software. Only used for 1.4 hours so sad
76561198044408166,Not Recommended,220700,8318945,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Hot Slab Of Ass,dont get it it is confuzing and a waste of money. :(
76561198020657257,Not Recommended,220700,29153345,Posted: 9 January,all,Shuck,"People will constantly tell you it's easy to use,It isn't."
76561198028313317,Not Recommended,220700,26174090,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,coffeennicotine,You cannot make games above 640 x 480 without breaking the TOS. Which makes it next to useless. Getting my refund as soon as I'm done with this review.CONS- You cannot make games above 640 x 480.PROS- Doesn't matter. See above.
76561198182319279,Not Recommended,220700,23883073,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cusa,Its the same as the free version its just sad
76561198041504724,Not Recommended,220700,8383393,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nierok,"Bad story, bad gameplay , I like tactical turn base games but the game makes it too easy."
,Not Recommended,220700,23128680,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
,Not Recommended,220700,23915932,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,"If lost, return to Oscar",I can't believe I spent the whole ♥♥♥♥ing price for this thing and then it hits the front page with 86% discount. I hate my life.
,Not Recommended,220700,8256082,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Timed Hits Knower,it stinks
,Not Recommended,220700,23904284,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Skullfreak102,Thank you for making me pay $70 when i could get it for $7 on♥♥♥♥♥...oh and i suck at scripting so this was a usless software for me :)
,Recommended,220700,7831638,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Nyles Locke,"Big thumbs up for recommending this, its pretty easy for anyone new to making games to get into while having quite a bit of resources to make some very advanced styles of games. All in all, if this is your kind of thing, get it. I have no regrets for my purchase"
76561198050850463,Recommended,220700,5501855,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Darth Verbadanga,"Simple enough to make a basic game in a day or two and complicated enough to make a full length game. A great combinatio and once you get the hang of it, it is amazing what you can do."
76561197970591577,Recommended,220700,7841220,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Demon in person,"I highly recommend this program for anyone who wishes to make their own rpg.Not only do you get started with all the resources to start making what you want right away.There are many communities out there that present free additional resources for use in your non-commercial project.With many scripts to be found on the internet, a sidescroller even becomes a possibility.Your imagination is the limitWhen wanting to make a commercial rpg, you can still do so, if the copyright allows it.I cannot find any cons to say.If you allways wanted to make your own rpg, don't hesitate.It is definately worth it."
76561197998175687,Recommended,220700,7842016,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Brooskidees,It's very easy to use.
,Recommended,220700,7836688,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Volman99,A great software with amazing possibilities.
,Recommended,220700,7801463,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,SeoDragon117,"If you've always wanted to be a games designer and want an easy-to-use window into the complexities involved with the industry then this is your perfect buy. It's easy enough to play around in and build a nice casual RPG - or even another genre like a simple puzzle game if you're not one for all the random battle elements of an RPG, yet it's also complex enough (providing you're good with coding) to build a heavily complex and deep game. Truth be told I prefer RPG Maker 2003 as it had more of that Super NES feel to it, with it playing almost exactly like Final Fantasy VI, but this is a nice addition to the series of Makers. Get it when it's on offer and see for yourself."
76561198103774938,Recommended,220700,10278608,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,ice_age_ninja,This is good.
76561198118612891,Recommended,220700,10318633,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,deaner6_2000,its not a bad game.
76561198052385273,Recommended,220700,10318687,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ty.ashton,Only had a little look through so far but am very excited by what i see.Can't wait to really dive in.
76561198109777463,Recommended,220700,10319312,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Gamester0,This is the best Maker ever!!!!!!!!!To bad I only had itfor the weekend
,Recommended,220700,10323144,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Isaac,IT IS JUST AMAZING! The detail and work that is put into(and that you must put in) is astounding you can createpracticaly anything for your games.
,Recommended,220700,10323207,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Grimm,"I can't express enough how happy I am to have found this software. It has enabld me to build whatever I can imagine and more.This software will let you create RPG's on the level of commercial titles with ease. That said, don't expect it to happen overnight, it will take you days, maybe even weeks to fully grasp the software and its potential. Mistakes will be made and you will need to painstakingly replay your game over and over to find and correct bugs and game-breaking errors. But even then, it is well worth your time and effort just to see your dream turned reality. 11/10"
,Recommended,220700,10324892,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,ClayDevil,"Great game, I wish I had it."
76561198097468065,Recommended,220700,10355729,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,vinfer12,"Yes. It's very good, but confusing."
76561198135342773,Recommended,220700,10375114,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Mystr0,I started playing this when it was free. It was a preety cool system epecily with costum attacks and charaters. I recomend this NOW for rich people who think they have a future in Role-Playing-Game development.
,Recommended,220700,10376346,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,ss.silentsentry.ss,I loved it. I've always wanted to tell my own story and now I can! Great for people that want to make games but are terrible at programming... Like me XD
76561198127859218,Recommended,220700,10378269,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,lightstormclaw,this is a fun software to mess around on in attempt to make your own games some times you get lucky other times you dont
76561198044402912,Recommended,220700,10289578,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Stephen Paddock,Even without doing your own coding its still hard. .-.
,Recommended,220700,10290126,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,A LEMON,Make games! :D
,Recommended,220700,10366702,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,QueenB,"This software is perfect for game makers especially if you are a first time gamemaker.Have a story you want to tell?Always wanted to make a game?You should buy this product if this is what you would like to do.The interface is east to use, and only takes a little time to get use to use."
,Recommended,220700,10363629,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Shocking Revelation,so good
76561197997044656,Recommended,220700,10363847,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,John Galt,"If you are looking for an easy to use program to create games with no programming experiance, then RPG Maker VX Ace is for you!"
,Recommended,220700,10295864,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MC Will be gone until PC is fix,"RPG Maher VX Ace is a easy thing to use to make a RPG, and I, DJ Absol, love it so! If you what to make a game, a.k.a, a RPG, then use this! 8/10"
,Recommended,220700,10295969,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,James2024,Excellent software easy to use ewasy to learn I highly reccomend it.
76561198053755337,Recommended,220700,10296879,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,HaploMan_39,"Rpg maker vx ace has a lot to offer anyone who is interested in designing your own rpg game, its interface is very friendly topeople that really want to start understanding scripts. it has loads to offer from making or designing your self how your gameshould look, it has some very nice DLC's and some other nice programs that can be brought to complement software.And with a 75% discount this weekend anyone should make take a opportunity to buy this great program."
,Recommended,220700,10297734,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,link_the_assassin_rainbow_farter,this is amazing! srsly recommend it!
,Recommended,220700,10302244,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,intox. Requiesta de Silencia,"I do recommend this but there's something I have to warn you about first. Do not, under any circumstances, use ANY of the stock content or any of their expansion packs (the ones created by developers). Yes these packs were created by professional artists and musicians, but do you think you're the only one using them? Every single sprite, every single mechanic, every single sound that is in those packs is likely being used by hundreds of other people hoping to make a game with RPG Maker. The only game that benefits from these packs is the first person to use them in an actual game.Only use custom-designed content either made yourself or bought from someone else.Aside from this point, it's a fairly functional game development program. You can mod and edit the source code to accomodate your own needs a little more if you wish, but unless you're good at the programming language (or have a natural lingual talent and can learn the language very quickly) I don't recommend it. The stock engine is fairly versatile and you can make a lot of headway with it alone if you need to otherwise. But if you're making a game using any stock or expansion sprites, portraits, icons, or sounds... well... don't bother trying to charge people for it or you'll be laughed out of greenlight."
76561198073842741,Recommended,220700,10573381,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Juffiy,"Okay let's start out by saying that a lot of these bad reviews are dumb. One of them said, ""This isn't even a game."" and another said, ""I thought this would make games for me!"" So please make sure you read these reviews and not just look at the thumbs up or down.Now let's talk about the software. I bought this a few months back when it was on sale and I love it. Maybe it's not as simple as some would like it to be but you're MAKING GAMES. It will take time and effort but that should be expected. If I must recommend this guy on YouTube called WilliamTheUnproPro does great RPG Maker VX Ace Tutorials. Enough advertisements though let's get back to the software. Using it myself I can say that if you put time into a project you can make fun and good games. Scripting tutorials can be found anywhere and you can also just copy and paste pre-made scripts from the internet. Honestly I don't have anything bad to say about this software. It's smooth and now that it's connected to the Steam Workshop there are cool tilesets and other things for FREE. I definitly recommend this if you would like to make a ""pixel game."" Sales are often and last usually at least two days. So I suggest you get this software...you won't regret you did!"
76561198091943881,Recommended,220700,10067716,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Uni,"Love this software very much, I love the way you can customize your own story and have your OWN ending...unlimited possiblilitys with this, glad I bought this during the steam summer sale! :D"
,Recommended,220700,10092214,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Arebus,"RPG Maker VX is a very powerful game-making program that is easy to learn and a lot of fun to play around with. The game script is completely customizable, offering a huge variety of gameplay types and styles. Those who are new to programming (in Ruby) can still find a huge list of resources to customize their games including scripts, music, sound effects, tilesets, etc.Programming events in RPG Maker is very simple, and after a few brief youtube tutorials you should have no trouble making your RPG ideas into a reality. The potential for this program is limited only by your imagination and your willingness to learn. It is also possible to create a full-length game without any modifying any of the scripting or creating any new tilesets or character sets.RPG Maker includes a large array of tiles for most every type of fantasy map (Dungeons, world maps, forests, caves, etc.) Making maps in RPG Maker is as simple as pointing and clicking, there is also an option that allows random dungeon creation if you should so choose.All in all, RPG Maker is perfect if you are the creative type looking for a user-friendly way to create games, or are delving into the world of programming / game design and don't know where to begin.It's also worth noting that games you create can potentially be sold and/or distributed through steam, pending of course that they you've made something original, and worth playing!"
,Recommended,220700,9149927,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sky,This is an easy and well put together software for creating RPGs quickly and easily. I love how this software is a nice enviroment to help new RPG developers learn nice and easily how to put together a game fast. This software causes almostnostress because the tools are right there in your face waiting to be used. 10/10 =)
,Recommended,220700,9162243,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Doone,"Amazing software that does exactly as promised: allows the designer to quickly and easily create an RPG without knowing any code, script or other complex langauge. The drag-and-drop interface is even slicker than Game Maker and the toolboxes are intuitive use, requiring no tutorial (though tutorials are always helpful). The kit makes it easy to get into more advanced design techniques, such as creating your own artwork, designing quests, and putting together interesting encounters. Adding music, splash screens and dialogue are as easy as clicking the mouse button. The more advanced designer will still get a very powerful tool out of this, allowing you to alter scripts, codes and modify the engine with ease if you so desire. I highly recommend this software for any designer who wants to focus on making a game and focus less on assets, music, and coding."
76561198010241250,Recommended,220700,9462734,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Duke Dudeston,"Takes little time to get to know, if you enjoy making games and don't want the hassle of programming then this is the software for you, as long as the games are RPG's.Software is easy to use, and comes with a lot of help and you can be well on your way to your own adventure quickly, will need some time dedicated to it if you want to make something serious, however for a laugh, this software is great!"
76561198060062867,Recommended,220700,9467818,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,psswiftpeter,"Recommended, but with a caveat...This is a toolkit and, once you get past the basics, there is no hand-holding.  The higher-quality games made with this program will have custom music, art, and tons of scripting.  If you don't have those skills, or access to people who do, then you won't be making those games.  If you do, then you might turn out one of the rare gems that this program is completely capable of building (but usually doesn't because of the above reasons).For those ""dabbling"" in game design, this is probably too much program for you.  Pick up the ""lite"" version and then decide if the full version is for you.For those with even a rudimentary understanding of object-oriented programming, you will find a set of tools that allows you to create any immersive storyline, in any conceivable setting, with relative ease.  The provided music and artwork serves as a solid foundation, and allows the designer to create something playable and testable quickly so that the skilled group or individual can focus on what sets their game apart.Simply put, this is a good introductory tool for beginners, and a solid development tool for the experienced.  So long as the buyer recognizes that this is a tool, and not a magic lamp that creates your dream game via ""the power of wanting"", this is a purchase that I can recommend.Might want to hold out for a sale though."
,Recommended,220700,9671089,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Honorable Chey,^_^
,Recommended,220700,9671325,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,midnightzelda,If this is on sale you should get it because it is great if you want to make your own game but don't know how to program and it is really easy to use. There is also a great community that has tons of free content and games for Rpg Maker. It will definitly be worth it if you have the time to make a great game and if not you can use it to play other players games.
,Recommended,220700,734787,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,PickledJake,A great piece of software to make games.
76561198030074878,Recommended,220700,9611036,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,MrShineSpark,"I've been using Enerbrain Software for a while, and it's nice to see where a lot of player input will get you. The current Model VX  Ace is a standard Enterbrain RPG Builder and shines over the editions before it in most ways. I really enjoy the use of Multiple TIleset options, a character creator, improved coding via RGGS improvements, and as always the option for user generated content. This creator will give you the basics, with those wanting to dabble in creating their own ""Final Fantasy"" or ""Dragon Quest"" clone perfect tools. Those of you looking a bit higher can spend money on the DLC or perhaps do customized artwork. All in all it's worth it if only to see what you want in higher priced engines."
,Recommended,220700,9650482,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,x92jesse,"This program is legit. I highly suggest that you buy this if you like creating maps and such in video games. Not only are the possibilities nearly limitless for making your game, but you can also download and play other peoples games too!"
,Recommended,220700,9774109,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,H a i g f i s h,"this game is great if you want to make a RPG but it is 70$ I got it 75% off so Im not sure if I would get it for full price, it is a bit hard to get missions and other stuff working so look up a tutorial if you get it over all though a great program."
76561198081575666,Recommended,220700,9828854,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,OtakuWarlord2,"One of the best game making systems on the block.Its easy to use either to just tinker with, or get extremely serious with."
,Recommended,220700,9833025,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Egaderson,"Awesome program, it really does let you make a rpg without programing knowledge."
,Recommended,220700,9776124,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,The Doctor Is In,"So many projects, so little time..."
76561198067040103,Recommended,220700,9783977,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Sneaksta,"RPG Maker is a great program that has plenty of options and different things that you can do that allow your imagination to run wild. It does take a little while to get used to and learn, but if you put in the time and effort, you can learn it quickly."
76561198020255286,Recommended,220700,9094645,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,How Disgusting,"This software is great for anyone who wants to make a Final Fantasy or Dragon Quest-esque RPG! It requires little programming expertise and a little patience, a whole lot of free time, and bam! You encountered an RPG!"
,Recommended,220700,9096016,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Teza,"Intuitive and Easy to use interface. good for someone like me with very little knowledge but also has the tools for someone who has vast knowledge. you are able to make a game without touching much script at all, or you can tweak it all via scripting."
76561198088537543,Recommended,220700,9068320,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Bloodage2mobile,"An amazing program. It's simply amazing, unlike other game creator programs where they have odd buttons and bits and bobs that you never understand. RPG Maker VX Ace is straight to it! I deffientally reccomend buying it!"
,Recommended,220700,5364833,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Blade_Peacock,"Not a game, but very fun software!"
,Recommended,220700,5581060,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Maindric,"RMVXA is a very powerful tool, yet easy to use.  I highly recommend it to anyone who wishes to try to explore their creative side and make an RPG."
76561198064348186,Recommended,220700,8283164,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cybersavior,"Awesome software, has to be my all time favorite program.With a lot of work and patience you can make some amazing things."
76561198005260619,Recommended,220700,8356186,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,FRuIT,Great system. Tons of add-ons. Limit is creativity and know how.
,Recommended,220700,6475942,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Exhale,This developer tool is for anyone that wants to remember the good old days :) real fun to work with to.
,Recommended,220700,8542612,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Midboss,"Technically, you could use RPG Maker VX Ace to make a fairly polished product if you put the time in learning code and producing graphics, music, etc. to give your game that unique shine - it's fairly easy to learn and can do a lot. More importantly, it works really well as a toybox to mess around in creating half-baked ideas that will never go anywhere and you'd never dare put in front of someone else but damn it making RPGs is fun and there's so much flexibility to it all. I like RPG Maker as a way to pass a weekend or few on a ""project"" that won't go anywhere but is sort of a step towards maybe something meaningful one day, and I have got more than enough time and enjoyment to justify buying it, and if you're interested then I'd say you should grab it. I would recommend waiting for a sale, though."
,Recommended,220700,8522393,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,JKL381,"Very Good!Although if you want to make it a good game, you need to make up scripts and add other people's, it is overall a good game maker with a simple UI to use.Events are very clear but I wish there were more features.. pretty expensive for not that much of features but oh well.."
,Recommended,220700,8513378,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dusk,"Not even a game and yet just as addicting as one. The superb developers have done a great job making this both easy on the eye and easy to use. And when I say 'easy on the eye' it simply means, this tool is not fitted with hundreds of different little...well things. I say things because, well I don't no what things would be and by that I mean the things would clutter and confuse and be utter nonsense to the common person. Even for non veteran developers/modders or game designers such as myself; a simple tutorial or two can get you making a game easyily. It's a piece of cake!"
76561198054240159,Recommended,220700,8514610,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,HawkSlayer,"Very good for the beginner, no coding needed. Also great for the advanced programmer using the Ruby script language.Excellent preset graphics to build your new world immediately.** NOTE ** Download the LITE version for free to test it, but it wont be long before you will buy. Great piece of kit for any gamer writer. :)"
,Recommended,220700,8601799,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,WonderlandAlli,I need to actually make a whole game. I just always like dicking around with these makers.
76561198056287556,Recommended,220700,8608854,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Puffm-Squarez,super easy and fun to use
76561197987532886,Recommended,220700,8600210,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,capelord,worth every cent even the dlc are worth it
,Recommended,220700,8576211,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Schnibble,"Excellent game making tool.You can only make old-school JRPG type games, but you can make them very well.If you are not a programmer, you can make very interesting games, but the game has full scripting access, so if youarea programmer the sky (or at least your imagination) is the limit.For those who are interested, the scripting language is Ruby-based."
76561198022748584,Recommended,220700,8468089,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Clam,"This is easily the best of the RPG Maker series, with the most freedom and non-scripting capabilities. If you know how to write scripts, or know how to install scripts made by the RPG Maker community, then you can do even more with it. Thanks to the licensed resources available, you can actually create a game worth selling for a few bucks, making a return on your investment if you have the skills to do so."
,Recommended,220700,6892391,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Nyrreah,"Not bad, but the downloading content in my modest opinion, it's not very worthly."
76561198064701731,Recommended,220700,8468646,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,fishizgood,"Great design software, very unrestrictive, worth the price of the game, love it"
,Recommended,220700,8506887,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,sunny milk,realy easy if you do simple stuff easy to lurn how to use if you whant to make an rpg this is the program for you
,Recommended,220700,8635923,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,xocolatlkiryu,"While it seems as though you always have something to learn, getting a few tutorials when needed really set you up on a path to success! It seems that as long as you know the basics, creating a game seems more like ""how can I improve the gameplay"" than ""where do I begin?"" It's definitely easy enough to get a hang of on your first try, but powerful enough to end up making that game you've had on the back of your mind."
76561198050960952,Recommended,220700,8629468,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,True Shinigami,It is a useful program fo making the best of 2d rpgs.
,Recommended,220700,8441494,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ItZCrymZ,"Easy To Use RPG Maker, Good Game Mechanics and easy to edit and customize your own characters and create new games"
76561198101721888,Recommended,220700,12194607,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Carbohydrate,"I've known I wanted to make video games since i was about 7 years old. Ive been on steam since i was 14, now four years later fresh out of high school i can do it.Granted its a lot to take in at once if you had absolutely no idea but there are so many tutorials on the internet that teach you how to use this.It lets you import youre own everything to it so if you are a hard working artist then this is for you.even if you arent that great of an artist the dlc and standard installations look great and whole thing is very user friendly so its pretty easy to pick up."
76561198000028632,Recommended,220700,12167351,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,XDEMONX,It is a Wonderful Software for players who want to start off small with there large imaginations.
,Recommended,220700,12170373,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,KaziAzule,"As someone completely new to RPG making (but nowhere near new to playing them) I love the way this RPG maker is set up. I was able to learn how to make a simple starter 2-D RPG in a few days, and the software clearly has the potential to do so much more once I master the basics. The only confusions I had were on some of the tilesets. Most options in this maker explain themselves when you hover over them, but the tiles were all completely unlabeled. Not a big issue, I just had to experiment with several of them until I discovered what exactly they were meant to be used for. I'd give RPG Maker VX Ace a 4.5/5 and I would definitely recommend it to anyone wishing to learn how to create a game without being a coding master."
76561198055462755,Recommended,220700,12173860,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,wuzzystuffykinz,"It's confusing at first. I definitely recommend watching a few tutorials. But wow, once you get started, you really can't stop. It's highly enjoyable. So far my only complaint is that I can't rotate objects, or if I can, there is no clear way to do so that's identified. This is a fantastic program, especially for aspiring game designers and people who love to tell their own fantasy stories."
,Recommended,220700,12174125,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Darkhunterjag,Absolutely worth whatever you pay for it.
,Recommended,220700,12179938,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Arya555,"This is a very fun and easy to use rpg maker. It takes little coding skills to understand and create games. However, it is quite basic in some areas. To personalize it and go outside of the boundaries set by the program is hard. It is also buggy sometimes. What happens is that the simple controls that the user is able to set seem correct, but the underlying code that the user can't change is messing it up. Overall, I think it is a good program, but if you are trying to make an actual, personalized game, it might not be what you are looking for. And make sure that you buy it when it is on sale, I think it goes from $60 to %20 quite often."
76561198111745806,Recommended,220700,12180957,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,solarwilliams720,When I started Rpg maker I didnt know a thing about programing and now all the skills i leaned can be applied to projects like unity or unreal engine worth the mone
,Recommended,220700,12183849,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Moonkingdomify,"If you are looking to make a game like Witch's House or Ib, this is the engine that you should use.I usually need to take a hands on course for stuff like this but this is pretty simple to use. Though it doesn't have as many tilesets as XP it is still easier to use in some respects. It does take some getting used to but you it does have a built in character generator to make unique characters to your game.Soon enough I myself will have a demo out on steam for my first work."
,Recommended,220700,9308749,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Kool Aid Guy,"At first I didn't really understand it but now that I have used it for a bit, I am an alright creator. Just take this in mind when buying but otherwise it's an amazing game creator and you should get it. No seriously. I'm not lying. Your children will pay if you do not buy this. BUY IT NOW OR THE WORLD WILL IMPLODE EXPLODE AND COMPLETELY DESTROY EVERYTHING ON THIS PLANET AND YOU WILL NOT HAVE BOUGHT AN AMAZING GAME CREATOR!!! BUY IT!!!"
76561198030016435,Recommended,220700,12038416,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,TheBluScout #frontline!,its nice a little glitchy at somtimes but really goodbut i would like fights like using weapons insted of the pokemon like screen fade and 2d battle with effects
,Recommended,220700,12061363,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,ensj,"Super flexible when it comes to RPG-creation. If you fiddle with it for an hour or two, you pretty much become an adept at the thing."
76561198069963958,Recommended,220700,11930661,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,"AdampoTheBean, Stickler Meeseeks",Fun and easy to learn!
,Recommended,220700,12141772,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Zork,make horrible games about your friends and watch them cringe!
,Recommended,220700,12142108,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,jordanray99,Brilliant bit of software. It is very easy to use and has everything you need to make a brilliant RPG game! Well worth the £12.49 I paid :)
,Recommended,220700,12143177,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ColdBlueLight,i love rpg maker if you want to make a rpg and cut down the production time this is the tool for you.
,Recommended,220700,12131479,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,CaptainPkmn,"I love it. You can make it from like the The legend of Zelda 2 map screen where you can run around the world, to a screen (like in a cave) you using Link to jump and fight. I do admit, I got a little lost when I tried making a RPG Maker game because I didn't know what to do. I highly suggest this if you guys have the patience to watch youtube videos on how to do it and have enough money to buy: Game Character Hub. Game Character Hub, helps you build your character (instead of generating it in VX ACE) and you can make assessories + tiles! Back to Rpg maker Vx Ace, you can test your game!! You don't have to save it and compile it, and then play. YOU CAN PLAY IT RIGHT THEN AND THERE. You can do things almost like Age of Empire game editor sort of! So technically my (personal) requirement for this is:1. RPG Maker VX ACE (The Game to make your RPG)2. Watch a few youtube videos on how to make some games (Patience)3. Game Character Hub (Make tiles + Character + assessories)4. and the willingness to make a game without giving up. (Draw your game down before making something)Thanks for reading my Review. (sorry, I'd should say this is a tool... not a game, lol)"
76561198139968990,Recommended,220700,12131779,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,SuperDoug Man777,I love this Maker. I wanna make a Awesome RPG for all the people to play my new games.
76561198085674903,Recommended,220700,12134447,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Belwoeth Harbright,"This program works like RPGMaker 2000, AND has moddable scripts, etc.  Very much worth it, especially on sale.  My chief complaint is the lack of a community like there was around RM2K, AND the total lack of blockbuster games made through it.  It should be possible- and I know that it is- to create decent games that don't look or run like crap.  Yet I have really yet to see this in practice.  This is not the program's fault, but the community's fault again.Another complaint- though scriptable, I have yet to find an input key command that can be done by default.  This prevents those who were skilled at prior versions of the program making Custom Menu Systems.  This could be an oversight on my behalf.However, it is damn good at what it does (and I have no ability to write scripts.)"
,Recommended,220700,12134942,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Kwll,"butts butts buttserr I meansimple to use for a professional, uhh service was excellent"
,Recommended,220700,12135462,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Nezerak Black,"Have you heard of the crooked man, mad father, the witch's, or other horror games youtubers play? Always wanted to make your own? Well look no further, as this is the program in which they were made.Now before you get started if you interested look up some tutorials on youtube (william the unpro pro has so far done some of the best i've seen; heres a linkhttps://www.youtube.com/user/TheUnproPro)If you want to try it out a bit before you buy you can get a demo/ lite version on the main website of enterbrain, the creators of this program.Now they do say its easy for a child powerful enough for a producer for something inbetween the lines and i half agree.  its easy in the since if you actually know how to use this which is either done by clicking every button and discovering what it does for your self or simply looking up a tutorial like the one i typed in above. anyway's this program has so many features. SO MANY. theres so much in fact i can only say a few for the sake of a short review. But anyways you can make just about any thing with this. a few for example is rpg, puzzle, horror, adventure, or mixing all together plus much more. and it's on sale for 20 bucks with same really cheap DLC because of the steam sale. You can also add your own music and sprite tilesets (basically your graphics). If you like to code you can add your own scripts  which is what the game runs on (all three i just mentioned can be found in the workshop or you can go to websites, download them, and add them manually). I highly recommend this. oh and sorry if i spelled things a little bad. I know a few languages and usually interfere with how i spell."
,Recommended,220700,8246020,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SleepyButts,"Really fun application and doesn't really requier any expierence. It takes a bit of getting used to make testing out, but it simple enough if you're willing to learn."
76561198025926770,Recommended,220700,8246107,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dominator Tator,You'll spend hours createing fantastic games with a feeling of acomplishment.
,Recommended,220700,8373554,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jtivel,"This program is amazing. The ability to modify the details are amazing, and you can put as much detail into it as you like. Wonderful software."
76561198072658471,Recommended,220700,10114618,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,WiserOdin032402,"Some people want game engines that can do everything. This one does one thing and one thing only: make. quality. RPGs.It may do survival horror with a little coaxing, but it does classic RPGs first and foremost. It is nothing but beautiful. It even has a character generator for those not satisfied with the base characters. Reccomended 9.5/10"
,Recommended,220700,10235956,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Mollinoxin,Great way to create 2D games and to help mod Pokemon.I give this software a 8/10
76561198125848609,Recommended,220700,10244176,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,xion-metal,It's easy to use for anyone new to creating their game.
76561198056203133,Recommended,220700,10178672,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,mikeg,This is a great software package with a lot of customization options!  I Recommend this 100%
,Recommended,220700,9899639,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,aeroboxman,"If there are two programs I use to make games its Game Maker and RPG Maker VX Ace. The latter being used to create RPG's of any kind while the other is foreverything else. RPG Maker VX Ace is definety worth the steep price of $70 as it has overwhelmingly more features (When I first tried it, it feel like a mixture of christmas morning and the Californian Gold Rush). It's also a bit fluid in terms of tileset usage (around 99-999 compared to RPG Maker VX's 4 or 5). The gameplay (without added scripts that alter it) feels a bit different from RPG Maker VX. Some new charector sprites are added, battle background can be made as well as a brand new Main Menu screen. As well as completly different enemy grahpics.However this goes without saying, so I'm gonna say it! Midi files are pain to get in. Often reverting to Format Factory to deal with the situation. hat was my experiance while I was making Brony Quest 3. The price at first may seem really extremely high  at first, but seeing that this is a program that can be used to make commerical games if you want and how feature heavy, the price can pay itself off. The top it off, some of the new tiles look butt ugly and not a appealing.I really love this thing and while it's frustrating at some things and you getting a overwhelming overload from all the features that are new. Ihighly recommend it 8.7/10"
76561198062233080,Recommended,220700,9912259,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,junoro,"They say it's simple enough for a child, but some of the mechanics require tons of tutorials. If you want to create another Ib or The Witch's House, you'll find yourself quickly overwhelmed. Once you have a grasp of the software, however, it's possible to realize your creative goals! The support forums are a great help and video tutorials offer a visual aid in creating certain types of puzzles and game sequences. Without any previous rpgmaker experience, RPG Maker VX Ace is confusing and there are no in-App tutorials to get you started. However, the online assistance and community who have created amazing games with the software are a boon and make this software truly valuable. 10/10"
,Recommended,220700,9914231,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Corey Hallam,Great! So worth it!
76561198041911093,Recommended,220700,9935840,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Ned Cuckfuck,Nice and Easy to use. Allows for a long and fun game.
,Recommended,220700,9695050,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Spookdoshi222,It may be expensive. But if you got in midweek madness then its worth it.
,Recommended,220700,9695522,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Droob,"I definitely recommend this software to anyone who has a passion for game creation and/or wants to learn any basics on creating RPGs. It has a JRPG style, but the user can also import different scripts, tiles, facesets, ect. to make an RPG the way they want it to be. It is limited as far as functions, but it still has a LOT of different features to play with. I've put a good bit of time into the software and I must say, it's time consuming. Especially on your own.  It's easy to use, but can have a bit of a learning curve for some people who are less familiar with creating RPGs. Over all though, I'm very pleased with this software and I am glad I purchased it."
,Recommended,220700,6446647,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Émeraude Ciel,"This is amazing. I've started 3 project games already and finally finished one around the end of December. This software is easy to use, yet it also has functions that you have to learn how to use too. You can't just buy this and expect to make an amazing game right off the bat, but it's interface is very user friendly. If you want to try and make your ideal RPG and have the drive to learn the ins and outs of this software, then I say give it a go!"
,Recommended,220700,18588074,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Pacn8r,Ever since I bought this game I played it and I can't stop learning and playing and creating.Awesome!
,Recommended,220700,18844287,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,jdhco13,Raf Quest III GOTYDan Quest coming 2025
,Recommended,220700,18991209,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Phantasmic,RPG Maker VX was amazing! It's not as easy as you expect but once you get into it it's easy! There is so much to do in it and im hyped for the next game :D 11/10
76561198146508423,Recommended,220700,18366183,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,auraswolf,"I have to start by saying that this is a great gamemaking software (for RPG's of course), it is very simple to use and understand, this is a program that has beginers in mine, it lays everything out for you and you have no need to wright your own scripts at all if you dont want to, but it has the option to wright them and even change the already exsiting ones too if you choose to do so. The only down side is it's not cheep, but otherwise I recomend this to anyone who is a beginer or just looking for a simple RPG maker."
76561198067533127,Recommended,220700,18351241,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,voicewise,fun to create stories .. if you have the time...
,Recommended,220700,18420768,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Future Ivy,"Not exactly a ""very"" open software at /first glance/ but it is pretty useful. I haven't made any serious projects yet although it's easy to plan with. Mainly you just want to focus on the development process with character sprites, area textures, and events. Simple, easy to use when you eventually understand what your doing, and, in my opinion, very fun to toy around with!-As a side note: I bought this during a Steam Sale for $20 and, although I'm uncertain if there will be another one, you should probably hold off too. I've seen some spectacular stuff with 2003's version which seems to have been ported to the new version so??? Probably wait for a sale on the new software or 2003. Good luck!-"
,Recommended,220700,18310286,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,尺么乙O尺,"For years, this engine is the easiest yet powerful engine to create JRPGs. Recommended 8/10 due to its limiting features without custom scripts. Hope this won't be abandoned project due to release of RPG Maker MV."
76561198205241108,Recommended,220700,18115804,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,51l3nT a55a551n,really easy software and fun to mess around with. can import own things in if correct sizes and import own music no problems with it and dlc are great is worth the buy but rpg maker mv is coming out so this will probably end up on sale soon or something.
,Recommended,220700,18309076,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,pfargtl,"Good, but really goddamn unstable."
,Recommended,220700,18273566,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Pika Twilight,i'm going to try to get RPG Maker MV as it looks like it has a better battle system... welp looks like i'm going to have to pay more... seriously why are these RPG makers so expensive. also why does this version not have the features that RPG Maker 2003 had With The Side By Side Battle Format... THE NEW FORMAT SUCKS!!!!
,Recommended,220700,18675290,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,WonderSnail,I would highly recommend this as it is incredibly easy to use. You can learn how to use this within minutes if you play around and the results are of a fantastic quality. I personally have two projects on the go with one nearly finished. If you're new to making 2D games like myself then this programme is the programme for you!
,Recommended,220700,8278453,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Je vader,It's an awesome way to make games and easy too !
,Recommended,220700,18708889,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Pumbledore™,Easiest engine I've ever used and really quick and easy to start up. A great beginner tool for people looking to advance into more complex game development later on.
76561198078742075,Recommended,220700,18270397,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Pizza Tsar,"Great software. Once you know how to use it, the possibilities are endless. There are also tons of written and video tutorials online that can help you bring your imagination to life"
76561198108562220,Recommended,220700,18282443,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Tracium,"Loving this, so simple to use.Exactly as they say, simple enough for a child.I'll be using this a bit more until I get enough money to get MV.20/10.Purchase now or forever hold your peace."
76561198045581036,Recommended,220700,18281859,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Penumbra,"It is terribly easy to use this software for anyone with no experience and with so many tutorials, it makes it easy to do what you want to do given you have the time."
76561198122302370,Recommended,220700,18268886,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Nano_Shifter,I'm not too good at making games but even this is really easy to understand. Now all I have to do is come up with game ideas!
,Recommended,220700,18181976,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,AzureusFlames,they are releaseing a new maker MV so hold ur dollars
76561198086644971,Recommended,220700,18181476,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,BAMAN,Best software in the universe!
,Recommended,220700,9261514,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Lognes,I have to reccomend it try getting this software on sales but it takes a while to master if your not lazy and want to do all these shinaningins the go for the goal
,Recommended,220700,4013596,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,rmcpherson08,"If you love Old school RPGs and want to take a stab at making your own, this program is amazing.  Be prepared though, it will take a LONG time."
76561197995294824,Recommended,220700,1606358,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Rhyxivar,"It's actually a lot more powerful than it lets on and if you don't  really have a head for coding, like me, it makes things very easy to digest."
76561198035649342,Recommended,220700,9265461,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Jarvus,"I like it, gets a user started with Ruby code style."
,Recommended,220700,9266497,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,CQBeast,Good basic software for you who can dream of making rpg on your own
,Recommended,220700,9267453,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,OgglePoggle,"If you have the patience to sit down and devote to your creative side, and of course allow a large amount of time to learn how to use this. It's brilliant"
,Recommended,220700,9285124,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Lumic,"Fun and easy to use! I recommend this for anybody who has a good idea or two for a role-playing game rattling around in their heads, but lacks the programming skills to make an RPG from the ground up. Great if you want to make an old school SNES era JRPG!"
,Recommended,220700,9262288,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Flabberflib,"This software is one of the dankiest, quickscopingest, radical-est, swaggiest mcjaggiest tools you could ever have.11/10 get this in your library right now."
,Recommended,220700,9285449,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Papa Spurdo :DDDDD,"Pretty darn fun, though a little hard to wrap your head around at first."
,Recommended,220700,9285489,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Redstone Von Valentine,"Amazingly Simple to use, and very efficient! I love the style of how everything fits together, and also of how you can easily test your game to see if you need to fix something. A very helpful feature is the ability to create a map as big, or as small as you wish, and you can easily install your own blocks and textures into it without having problems! Overall, this Rpg Maker is amazing, and very easy to use!I give this product a 10/10, and I totally recommend it for those who wish to get into Computer Game Design or something of that sort of field.I've only used this for about 2 days so far, but I really love this product, and was worth the money! It's amazing of how you don't have to touch the programming side of things, and let the program do the rest, but if you want to program some elements into your game, you can easily do so with a menu. Easy Character creator helps with making custom sprites and faces, without you doing work in Photo Shop or Paint (Or any other Image editing program that you might use for Sprites).I've been able to come up with a list of Pro's and Con's of RPG Maker VX Ace, but I didn't find anything note worthy for the con's other then a few things.The Pro's:Ability to buy DLC's and easily get them into your gameSmooth playback, no lagAbility to add in Music and TilesGoes on sale once in a whileLots of things you can buy and add inQuick and Easy to wield, no pesky ""You have to be the chosen one"" or ""You are too low of Level""Some Pre-set things to get you goingLots of things to choose from, (Music, Sound, and Tiles)The Con's:$70 Normally, DLC's are a bit high in priceCharacter presets sometimes gets in the way, and you have to delete themTile Packs only save on one projectNot enough of a span of music, but i guess that's what DLC's are for.It's sad that this is normally $70, and most users can not afford it, but I am glad that they have it on sale some times. i really love all of the DLC choices, but i wish they had more Futuristic type, but that is just my preference. Everyone should totally get this and experiment with is as it is on sale."
,Recommended,220700,9285542,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Chefchen,"At first, i was disapointed with the RM VX Ace, because im a big fan of the RM2k & RM2k3.But now, i just bought it and i really like the VX Ace. (this does not mean i dont like the RM2k and RM2k3 anymore! :P)You have a lot more possibilities and if you are Fimilar with an older Maker, it wont take you much time to be able to work with the RM VX ACE. (actually about 20 minutes to ""transfer"" your skills from RM2k3 to RM VX ACE:P)The only thing i dont like, is the German translation, which was installed automatically, when i installed a test version. (steam wont do such things! Steam users = Masterrace! :D)If you have enough money, or If this game is on Sale again, BUY IT!The 15€ i paid were a good price."
76561197976209794,Recommended,220700,9285680,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,ian.thomson,"If you're getting this to mess around, or because your kid wants to make a game, or because you want to make free games, get this when it's on sale at least 50% off (preferably 75%), and it's a cool enough buy.If you're planning on using this professionally or for profit (only reason to justify spending $60 on it), you better already be (or own) a sprite artist and at least a competent enough programmer to mod video games.Re art: The program comes with free character sets and tiles that you can use with this, but you're pretty much only going to be able to make one short and limited knock-off of Final Fantasy.  The internet also has free and ""free"" character sets and character generators, but many of them are either limited to Final Fantasy style characters or include copyrighted material (some of it possibly copyrighted by someone else).  That said, the walking sprites are 32x32, 12 frames.  Dead simple if you ever did graphics for early 90s games or similar retro clones.  It's simple enough to find or make a template and fill it in using Paint andPaint.NET(no photoshop needed).  If this becomes an obstacle to making a game for profit, you're either lazy or color blind.Re programming: I'm no programmer, but the scripting doesn't appear to be that much harder than some of the simplified pseudo-C++'s that were common to moddable games in the 90s, but not as hard as real programming languages that cause English majors like me to carve eldritch symbols on themselves while chanting ""ia Derrida, Chomsky Fthagn!""  If you can mod games by making code changes, you'll probably be able to figure it out.  If you're the sort who can read instructions, the lovely people at the RMVXAce Wikia have lots of stuff on scripting.  That said, if you're planning on using this professionally, at least make sure you can at least make a mod for existing games that required proper changes to code before buying this.  If you can't, it might not be worth the investment."
76561198004588920,Recommended,220700,9286564,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,SimurghGenesis1,"RPG Maker has is a great piece of software. It has a brief but steep initial learning curve that quickly levels off. Once you area bit familiar with the system and its basic capabilities, you'll see that you can create fun games with steady but unburdensome effort. You may only yield ten to twenty minutes of playtime for every six to eight hours of building time, but that is to be expected. The best thing about the software to me is that you are in control of how much depth you want. The core package is best suited for cookie-cutter whimsical JRPGs, but between the DLC, script editor, and robust community, it is entirely possible to spice up the core very easily. You can even (with a lot of learning and/or experience) make games far outside the mold of a typical early to mid 90s JRPG. Overall, not a magical artifact that makes fantasy worlds real on it's own, but a tool that anyone can pick up, and with a little dedication, make games for their friends, or maybe even for real profit."
76561198005405000,Recommended,220700,9287897,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Stupid Dog!,Such a great concept. Glad i purchased it.
,Recommended,220700,9288247,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Grill Master,is good much
76561198115091247,Recommended,220700,9289035,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,manupfool,Best game creator for an RPG game and it makes it easy to do also!
,Recommended,220700,9290322,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,JMD1993,if you love rpg games and youve always wanted to make a rpg game then this is the product for you so easy to use
,Recommended,220700,9290454,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Genni~,"This is a wonderful place for beginners to the game-designing world, and is beautifully made with little errors.This program includes premade events to add a little life to your games, the map maker tools are so simple to use, and the character generators allow a bit more creativity flow.My only complaint is this: I'm unaware of how to make sprites like the characters and actors myself, and the generator is a bit too limited. It has little skin colors, few hair colors, and few colors for clothes and accessories. So that is a bit of an issue, especially if you want them to have a sort of anime-ish look to them, i.e. pink hair, purple hair, etc.Still, despite the generator's limited options, this software is FANTASTIC. I just got it two days ago and I'm already into it because of how easy it is to use. I recommend this to anyone who is interested in making games, beginners and experts alike."
76561198011543452,Recommended,220700,9293198,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,The Big Tool,Pretty good. I would reccommend using a tutorial to get familier with the progrmam (Not the official on the one by Kelsper is great). I'm not going to fool myself into thinking I can make money with it but I will make my kids some games where they are the main characters!
76561198045865771,Recommended,220700,9293998,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Narutoxpro,dont understand 75% of what i can do. still manage to make gameplay. highly reccomend.
,Recommended,220700,9299448,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Funyuns,I'm too stupid to use this
,Recommended,220700,9300006,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,IshInWonderland,Very easy and fun way to make a RPG :3 worth it!
,Recommended,220700,9301863,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Dick kickem,"incredibly simple to use, extraordinarily complex to master. You can dump hundreds of hours in and not even realize it, and in some aspects, it's better than a game."
,Recommended,220700,9306096,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Nwarf Scwarf Bandito,"It's an awsome, easy to use software type that can get your imagination heard easily. I love it and can't tear myself away from it, so i'd reccomend this to everyone."
,Recommended,220700,9307681,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Flower Pot Jones,"This program is amazing, i would totally recomend buying it, do it now......buy it"
,Recommended,220700,9308182,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Broseidon,I love this game. It takes a little while to figure how to use it but when you get the hang of it its amazing.
,Recommended,220700,9309567,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,BigTaro,"A great RPG engine that manages everything you need to make a 2D RPG.  The scripting language is in Ruby, so its super easy to extend and customize for your own purposes."
,Recommended,220700,9309813,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,wallace521,"Wow.  This software is amazing!  I find myself going ""well I will just make one more map, event, etc."" and an hour passes then I tell myself the same thing."
,Recommended,220700,9337561,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Talleo,"A Fantastic progame, very easy to pick up and use, very little needed in the way of coding to come up with a baic game, but can easly be made better with practise for when your ready to learn how. I would recomend this to anyone who has an idea they want to make real. ***** (5/5 stars)"
,Recommended,220700,8058811,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ur mother,"It's incredibly and powerful, I couldn't ask for more in this game making software. It accomplishes everything I need it to and does an exceptional job at that."
76561197990037766,Recommended,220700,9344482,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,steelelfknight,"Of all the RPG Maker programs I have used over the years. This is by far the best one. Its simplicy allows even someone who is just starting out.And with the script editor,Those who are experiance programers can rewrite the game system to their own likeing. I HIGHLY RECONMEND this for anyone who wants to make their veryone Role Playing Game."
76561197998218592,Recommended,220700,9268613,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,acidreign,Reminds me a lot of the old Construction Kits that were around when I was younger... Hell of a lot more powerful though!This is gonna be fun :D
31415926535897932,Recommended,220700,9271219,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Frankmusik,Ever thought a game could use more Aryan Elven Warlords? Me too buddy. Me too.
,Recommended,220700,9271415,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,DrunkEngland,Now I bought this because it was a bargain even though I have no idea how to make a game. This software with a little bit of tinkering makes you feel like you can make a game with a simple interface and help when you need it you can be creating a magnificent world of your own. Worth the pick up.
,Recommended,220700,9272008,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,DrPopkorne,This is well fun. But I suck. Sucks. But the RPG maker is a great kit if you can spend the time to learn.
76561198051075644,Recommended,220700,9272783,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,RockinRaider,its abit confusing but also kinda fun if you have any intrest in designing rpg style games
,Recommended,220700,9273048,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Xamrin,I've been using it extensively. Although it can be tricky making custom resources VX Ace offers more coding options than older titles.
,Recommended,220700,9273226,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Zylonis,"I am a complete noob, but even programming moron like me can create a decent game. This is a must buy for anyone that has ever wanted to make their own game."
,Recommended,220700,9273622,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Psyclone,"Good especially with scripts, really happy they FINALLY added Workshop support."
76561198040317132,Recommended,220700,9274130,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Sp00paddon 지옥,"RPG Maker VX Ace is absaloutley amazing. Although it lacks some major ground-breaking features and content (Which it's not meant to) it's fantasticly well done for even the not so bright people! Hardly any coding or complex programming is involved with this software - although the choice of scripting and custom scripts is there to those who know how to do it :P Containing tonnes of free sounds, music, sprites, character sheets, etc it's ideal for making your very own little RPG adventure game. The games you can make depend on how good you are at using the software, but generally you can aim to make any kind of Final Fantasy styled or Pokemon battle styled game which is fab. Even at normal price this is still a piece of software worth having, but whilst it's on sale or when it next goes on sale, it's something I highly recommend - there are so many tiny features that you can customize and change to the preference of your game and aahhh it's just brilliant! Many tutorials online on how to use it, but in no more than a few hours I was already on the verge of making 3-4 levels with dialogie, item pick ups and battles! :D Simple, easy, fun, and incredible opportunities await in this program!"
,Recommended,220700,22796592,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Vladimir Lenin,Great App !Any ideas on how the licensing works and also the usage policies of its bundles offered like musics.- Can we use the default resources supplied by the RPG Maker like character pictures generatedfrom character generator?- Can we freely use the RPG Maker VX ACE's music bundles what we bought to publish a game?- How does the licensing work here?- Usage policy please ?Would appreciate someone who can refer me to a thread or blog about this.
,Recommended,220700,22704610,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,UnableTexas862,"I haven't used this program much, but It works well and is easy to use.  It's perfect for those just starting out in game development.  I do not regret my purchase."
,Recommended,220700,22792744,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,sYn// wubba lubba dub dub,This really is great software when you want to build small games alone and it can easily be used for bigger ones too.I had lots of fun creating and playing games with RPGMaker VX (and Ace on steam)
,Recommended,220700,22617256,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,wiliam,"I got this game on sale for about 7 bucks. You can do pretty much anything with this game, totally worth. I recommend getting this game on sale."
76561198104647270,Recommended,220700,22654227,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Anime Bus Driver,It's alright. Off yourselff.
,Recommended,220700,22734918,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Neptune,"It really is just a better, more powerful version of RPG Maker XP - which I used before getting this - and I've had a lot of fun messing around with the tools it provides.Definitely recommend any one of the RPG Maker series if you're feeling creative."
,Recommended,220700,22715452,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,SuperLéLé,"Great for starting a small business in game developement, easy and fun to make good games with"
,Recommended,220700,22711845,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Kooballyflootzet,If you want to get all of the initial setup for making an RPG out of the way then this is for you. Ruby scripting is a bit meh but overall this is pretty okay.
,Recommended,220700,22581648,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Arina,"Gives me free reign to create my own little world, like a sandbox. I love the customization options available, but I do miss the tile layering option from XP."
,Recommended,220700,22102596,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,GameGear,So i was really happy to finally get this game right i was like i'm going to take this rpg making software seriously...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=654630193made john cena into a boss11/10
,Recommended,220700,21111716,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,AlexD8282,good
76561198170175759,Recommended,220700,21090744,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,cbiscuit,Stress RELIVER! Trust Me
76561198048888365,Recommended,220700,21141897,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,darylcampbell66,"Amazing software, lot's of fun went in to, and came out of this."
,Recommended,220700,19770790,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,ThePirateAnri,"Even though I stink at making games, it's fun and easy to experiment with and is very worthwhile ;)"
76561198043800031,Recommended,220700,19815331,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Junosato Ryu,"A Genuine followup in the RPG-Maker series which will be a handy tool for every creative mind.While easy to handle it requires ALOT of Patience, since it aint no magic tool that just pastes your RPG Fantasies on the screen without alot of Graphical knowhow and planning.Then again there remains the simplest solution for all who are stuck in their creative process:If you get stuck, try again later or form a Team!People who look for an Easy to use too make a game without much effort should still not buy this software as it's limited Base Supply does NOT make up for a lack of own assets."
76561198106623876,Recommended,220700,19857694,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Axenator,You can make anything with this software.10/10
76561198045998501,Recommended,220700,19926705,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,FIghostRE,"RPG maker is an easy to use program to enable begginner to advanced game creations. Most features are easy to understand and require very basic knowledge.+Tiling, engine, scripting, event and animation creation, pre-made overview.-Some problems when using tiles on each other."
,Recommended,220700,19926042,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,chrisx2ds,"*these review are write on 25 DEC 2015 (Big Sales for whole RPG maker franchise, and I don't see why you will skip this, go grab it while it still on sales!! :D )======================RPG Maker VX Ace:RPG Maker VX Ace come with is a great start for people who need to build their very own story RPG game. It comes with great support from the forum and community on steam.DLC:If you need more resource, there are 85 DLC on steam for you to add-on into your RPG game project (the faster way to create your game without worry on the graphic and music).want to have a customize layout for your very own RPG game?Luna Engine will be your choice as a DLC add-on to RPG Maker VX Acehttp://store.steampowered.com/app/325504/==========================MOBILE APPS:*Extra note: if you plan to bring your RPG game to mobile apps, then you should go to RPG Maker MVhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/363890/"
76561197995771363,Recommended,220700,19927969,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,BroJustice,Great for making old style RPG games like Pokemon or Final Fantasy.  Easy to use.
76561198041014776,Not Recommended,220700,4711425,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,ravenlie,"what they don't tell you is you have to manually sort each  and every file and import them manually yerself.. tis has taken hours apon hours in some cases.. for the money there should be something to assist you, or at elast make the authors of these dlc packs keep to the same format..  each one is different file names for the same things.. who th ehell does that? ...."
76561198011823681,Recommended,220700,13794645,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Zinofire,"Generally easy software to work with, however this is due to the restrictions that the software puts upon your creativity. For simple games it is great, however if you plan to create long or complex games I would skip this one."
,Recommended,220700,13792542,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Wyx,"Pros :- great base for making any genre of rpg you want- easy to implement new graphics, animations, music, ect- no programming required, but events can still be very thorough and complex- database is awesome!- easy to learn and use!Cons :- expensive ;n;- initial content can be limited if you have a specific idea in mind"
,Recommended,220700,13750404,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Wickerface,I LOVE this software! I would recommend this becuase it is very simple to use!. A few hours i used it for 12 STRAIGHT HOURS!
,Recommended,220700,13670495,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,leems,Very easy to use and a great tool for beginners.
76561198035862904,Recommended,220700,13673518,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jwing01,The tools are strong for making a JRPG type game. It exceeded my expectations.Get this game if:-You want to make games or learn to make games.-You enjoy game editors and want a good interface to make games for friends easily.-You can handle some basic programming logic or plan to use tutorials or youtube to learn how to do things.
76561198129477790,Recommended,220700,13773140,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,ravavaatu,"A nice game where you can do a lot. Some basic scripting knowledge is needed if you're going to be overly ambitous, but the software is very easy to use otherwise. Right now, I'm still experimenting with some stuff that I can do. Overall, a very nice purchase, especially if on sale."
76561198048391887,Recommended,220700,13763843,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Berethin,"Definitely a plus. Lots of adaptable tools for you to use and a productive community for support. You can essentially make a game as big or small as you like with this program, and you find more detail the deeper you go.  If you're into creating worlds and get a rush of satisfaction from seeing a trigger you set up play out before your eyes, this program is for you."
76561198047881907,Recommended,220700,13768599,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Elrond,Myeeees
76561198010898756,Recommended,220700,8276878,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,SlyRedPanda,"Fantastic, easy to use tool for game development. (EDIT: See comments for updates)"
,Recommended,220700,13666956,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Palastatic,"Speaking as a guy in a game creation class, I can honestly say that this is the best game creator I have ever used. The layout is simple and very easy to understand. I opened the program and within 15 minutes, I had already created my overworld and party members. However, with a little practice, the program can create incredible games. This program is worth every cent. I HIGHLY reccomend this program."
76561198166695160,Recommended,220700,13556497,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Irkenana,"Its an excellent tool, but you really need a lot to customize it.Its very tough to make a game off the contents provided an DLC while being useful isn't really yours to use to create the game you'd like. So understand that if you buy DLC chances are the liscence isnt for commercial use, but personal use.So if you plan on making a real game I suggest you ready up to learn quite a bit of RGSS3 and find a good artist.I mean if thats if you plan to create an actual game on the software.Anyways great software, but it requires a lot of time an understanding to create any game."
76561198109041809,Recommended,220700,13576676,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Groshie,Pretty easy to learn and pretty straightforward.Be prepared to put (a lot of) time into it if you want to make a complete game though!
,Recommended,220700,30497654,Posted: 13 March,all,Lily Allen,"Pretty easy to learn because of the vast amount of tutorials out there, especially on youtube. It looks good and have a lot of DLCs, Workshop content, etc to import into your game."
,Recommended,220700,9337685,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,tommy61157,"Update: They seem to have now fixed the workshop, at least for me, can't speak for other people though.As of this Review, the workshop functionality is heavily bugged at best. HOWEVER, this is still a wonderful tool which even comes with a commercial license allowing you to make money off of anything you create in it. Even if you can't do exactly what you want to with the base tools they give you, with the help of scripts that you either get from other people or make yourself, you can make anything a reality. Just be sure that if you use ANYTHING from other people that you read their terms of use for their scripts, resources, etc. and credit them in your game somehow.When you dive into the scripts, it's actually quite amazing what you can do with this game. Lots of ways to change things up, create items, armor, weapon, create anything you would ever want to toy with in an RPG. This is a true CREATION kit. Even me, a person who normally isn't creative can end up making some interesting things in here, and once you learn the ins and outs, the limit truly is your imagination and as said before, if you're hitting limits with the creation tool, just look online for scripts to help or if you're tech-savy enough, make your own!All of that being said I honestly think that this tool is truly the greatest tool of it's kind, there is a learning curve, but it's really not that big at all, especially if you're naturally somewhat good with programs on a computer. Overall, I would have to give this tool a 9/10 on steam. Once the workshop and steam cloud stuff works properly, I will edit this review and give it the 10/10 it deserves."
,Recommended,220700,14396825,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Mekazaurus,"Its a fun program to play around with. Unless your super into making old school RPGs definately wait until a Steam sale before buying it though.Out-of-the-box it is pretty basic and not much is included. Do not expect to make a unique game unless you are either prepared to drop a good amount of money on DLC, or are a master at graphics."
,Recommended,220700,14410294,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Tabasco Sauce,"Great for making RPG games, but limits the user in some arbitrary ways, like making it impossible to raise the level cap beyond 99, or raise stat caps past certain limits.  Also, the tile set, though pretty, really isnt all that good. Parts of it fit together perfectly, but lots of pieces dont fit with ANY other pieces, and its difficult to make buildings that dont seem like theyre made of paper. Im sure both of these issues could probably be resolved fairly easily, but theyre problems none-the-less. Other than that, its a great program and I would reccomend it."
,Recommended,220700,14428044,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,thechunkylemons,"Id figure everyone else already probably listed every pro and con thought possible. However, there is one complaint that really does bother me and that this is not on the mac which i wish is was so that some of my mac friend users could play it. Thats okay though its still no less of a software!!10/10 :)"
,Recommended,220700,14430007,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,applebaps,"I remember when RPG Maker first came out.  It wasn't that great.  This is very much not that RPG Maker.VX Ace is a pretty damn powerful piece of software for creating all kinds of games.  It's got a huge library of pre-made assets to draw from (more with DLC).  It's got scripting with LUA for all kinds of cool tricks.  I've used it to alter the interface of my games and muck with some spell effects and such, but I've seen total-conversion type platformers and fighting games and all kinds of crazy stuff made with VX Ace's engine, thanks to the scripting.Even if you don't know LUA, though, if you have any kind of urge towards game design, you may wanna check this out.  Granted, it's not really what professionals use (try LOVE or other programs for more serious entry-level stuff).  But it's really easy to get into the nitty gritty and just start Making a Thing right away with VX Ace.  It'll help you start paying attention to details of event flow and triggers, doing database work, level design, character design, you can even write your own music and import it as .ogg files, do your own pixel art if you want.  Or just use what they include.  But you'll probably get sucked into wanting to do more and more for yourself from scratch so that your pet projects really shine, and that's a really cool and fun way to develop some new interests and creative projects that you probably didn't even know you could do!Self-improvement can be fun!  But uh, it's not cheap either."
76561198072121377,Recommended,220700,14441582,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Hoven Indies,"I've been using RPG maker VX Ace for right around 3 years now and have completed a game that has gotten me invited to 2 conventions and in now on greenlight. It isn't as easy as everyone leads on to get something done right, but it's by no means difficult once you master it. If anyone wants a good way to start on becoming a dev., go with this."
76561198149052897,Recommended,220700,14532915,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,themcintoshcrew,"I absolutely love RPG Maker Vx Ace. But yes- you do have to put work into it. If you want to make a nice, polished game it takes work. It helps though, that RPG Maker makes everything seem fun(Atleast for me it does.) I highly recommend it. It has all the tools you NEED to make a game but some things like script require some game-making know-how."
76561198117698564,Recommended,220700,15176408,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Greeninja,"I am making a FNAF 2 (Five Nights at Freddy's 2) game, and I want to make it so you can either be old or toy animatronics, but I don't know how to do it."
76561198050491211,Recommended,220700,17453989,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Adeth Rapere,"2/10 Too much water.- ""IGN""Seriously though if you want to get into designing video games as a hobby or career I highly recommend purchasing it. Though I would wait until it goes on sale.Pros:-Easy to use and understand-Has decent amount of content to make a game-Workshop mods and Paid DLC's add a lot of content-Has a huge online community outside steam for help and more contentCons:-Adding outside content can be annoying at firstConclusion:9.5/10 Good for beginners and veterans of game making alike."
,Recommended,220700,17702646,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Vagrant Hero,I don't know man. I don't @+#$ing care.
,Recommended,220700,17704577,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Heroic,"A simple but effective tool, with a strong and passionate community supporting it. Easy for anyone to pick up and learn, yet capable enough to allow for some truly marvelous creations."
76561198104380005,Recommended,220700,17657641,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,lynxzepotatercat,its awesome and easy to use
,Recommended,220700,17601614,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Phat,"I purchased RPG Maker VX Ace in 2013, and I was terrible with it back then. It seemed so easy, but the idea of making a fullgame was just too much to handle for me. Now, in 2015, I'm working on making a full RPG with my own custom items,armours,animations,weapons,classes, and enemies. I have learned ruby and i'm trying to learn how to use it in RPG Maker with RGSS3 or whatever it's called.I purchased this game without a steam sale ongoing, and had to pay 70$. However, this is the best 70$ I've ever spent. I have spent 200+ hours making small games for my friends, or selling to small developers. If you are a smart person who wants to get into game development and learn about what an RPG game needs, then this RPG Maker is for you.The default game maker allows for a lot of in depth programming, however, coding with ruby in RGSS3 is a much better way to get the game that you want. You can take the default title screen and turn it into whatever your dreams can imagine.Learning to use this Game maker is extremely easy, and I definitely reccomend this to anyone who wants to learn how the older games were made."
,Recommended,220700,17615182,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Winterwere,"I absolutly love this software, it works perfectly for all my needs!"
,Recommended,220700,7903401,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Sir DaV,"Its a bit linear with you only able to make jrpg's but even then, its an amazing piece of software. They've done all the heavy lifting for you with pre-make textures and a character maker.I think the $70 price of it is a bit high, but is something you should definitely get next time its on sale!My only problem with it the problems with adding new textures, you cant mix and match.Example: if you have a future pack and a zombie pack, you cant use them both at the same time."
,Recommended,220700,17896874,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Moose,I have so much time on this and yet I don't think I've made one playable level...
,Recommended,220700,13298451,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Skitteh,Super amazing software! Found myself playing for a day straight. A little hard to get everything down but after a while you'll feel a sort of self accomplishment when you get something to work. The fun part about it is you can test your game while you're editing it! I love this!!!
,Recommended,220700,16899098,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,[IITD] Darkness7001,Worth the money for people trying to make rpg games for fun or cash.
,Recommended,220700,16936437,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,TheBater,It's pretty cool. But if your not a creative person don't waste your time. or get it when it is on a steam sell. i got it for 17 bucks :D
,Recommended,220700,17172295,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Jordan,Now I can finally fulfil my dream of swamping Greenlight with absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,220700,17783678,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,metaltitant,"the catch phrase of the engine: ""Simple Enough for a Child. Powerful Enough for a Developer."" is a good way to sum up RPG maker vx ACE. Without writing a single line of code you can make things like day/night cycle and a season system,create thing from a reputation based shop to a basic city sim, want to make a dating sim? no problem! you can show and hide images using the drag and drop like event creator. Want to make a space epic? make the character sprite a space ship with a different map for each planet and stations of your univers. want to make a simple "" go on and adventure with some buddys and end up saving the world and getting laid""? every time you start a new project the engine generates a small list a playable characters, enemies, items, equipments and skills to create the dungeon and dragons adventure of your dreams! You can even make a pokemon mystery dungeon fan game that plays almost like the official titles all in a extremely user friendly interface. all in all RPG maker vx ACE is one of if not the best game creation engine you can find and is worth every cents of the full price"
,Recommended,220700,17676456,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Spid Dylan,"""Simple Enough for a Child. Powerful Enough for a Developer.""The truth has been told my friends. There are pros AND cons though...PROS:Easy to turn on and use, coming with pre-set graphics and date so you can just edit to the point where it's completely new!Supports use of your own graphics.No programming skill required!There are so many things you can make.Supports optional use of your own coding to enhance your game!Cons:You can't just export it as a normal .exe file. So if you want to make an amazing game, give it controller support and port it to consoles with perhaps a mobile version. TOO BAD. Want to make a mobile minigame thing (it is do-able) and publish it? TOO BAD. RPG Maker should take the approach of unreal engine. Publish what you want but give us 5|%. Or fuse that with what unity does: Make enough money and then we'll ask for 5%. You can't truly unleash your creativity.The one thing saving this from a down vote is the fact I got it for about £8 when it was on sale.Get this tool, don't expect to make back the money and wait for it to go on sale."
,Recommended,220700,17868098,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Obscurity,BEST RPG MAKER EVAHHHHH!!!!!!1000000000000000000/10
76561198025635635,Recommended,220700,18155622,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Alex-TG-E,"Playing around with RPG Maker is a lot of fun, I just wish they had more animal sprites available."
,Recommended,220700,18182705,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Arkageddon,"If you find rpgmaker on sale GET IT! Although it may be hard to get started you only need determination, go to google and search for ideas, help to your problems, even get code snippets and tutorials that you can just follow along to import awesome things into your game. It will really help with the pace. Once you start playing your game after a little work is put in, it will feel very rewarding."
,Recommended,220700,16030480,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Spagooblio,"Very easy to use, affordable, and can make some cool content if you wanna put the time into it. Even if you don't, it can be fun just to make something for yourself and some friends. Great program"
76561198033918911,Recommended,220700,16031191,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ghostwalk28,Ready to make Greatness!
,Recommended,220700,16103206,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,nickdean,"A wonderful programme for budding and experienced game developers alike. Lets you import your own content (provided you credit your sources of course) and export anything you want to tweak. Easy to navigate once you've got the hang of it. I've been using this software for just a few days and have already made my own demo, AND posted it online. Massive thumbs up"
,Recommended,220700,16122418,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Joshthisonce,"If you are learning to code with Ruby, this may be a fun way to practice writing some code."
,Recommended,220700,9466623,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Khaos ♏,"Absolutely fantastic peice of kit, easy for anyone to use!!"
76561198080936126,Recommended,220700,12122947,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Caliburn Absolute,"Last year, I heard about a program called ""RPG Maker"", something that had all the resources needed for me to fulfill one of my many, many dreams: Making my own game. Now, I am a huge fan of RPGs, JRPGs most of all. Pokemon, Final Fantasy, Golden Sun, you name it. There's just something about the turn-based battles and dungeon exploration that makes it just so much fun, and the thought of making a game in one of my favorite genres was incredibly enticing. And since I've logged in 100+ hours on it at this point, I think it's safe to say that I'm probably trustworthy enough to write a review. For those of you too lazy to read a full review, here's the TL;DR version:It's awesome for goofing around with and making games, go buy it if you like either of those.With that out of the way, let's get on with the review. RPG Maker is a very complicated system, and yet, it's very easy to use at the same time, and if you ever get confused about something, then there's probably ten different guides to using RPG Maker on YouTube. This program allows you to make just about every part of a game. Do you want to make a character who specializes in swords and uses lightning magic? Sure! Do you want to make a dungeon room that requires you to solve a puzzle to progress? Go ahead! Do you want to make a status effect that deals damage while lowering your defense? I don't see why not! Do you want to make an enemy that alters its elemental weakness and immunities every four turns? It'll take some time, but if you feel like it, then nothing's stopping you! Do you want to make a boss similar to Beldr from Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor, who can only be hurt by a single weapon? By all means, even if you don't understand that joke, do it! In fact, if you want to take it a step further, then you can even customize the resources and scripts used.Now, you may be wondering, what are resources and scripts? Resources are the sprites, music, and tilesets that appear ingame while playing your project. The game gives you numerous presets, but using them is considered to be the mark of an amatuer in the RPG Maker community, and they tend to take away from the professionalism of a project, although there have been examples of RPG Maker games that use the presets that are quite amazing. Scripts, on the other hand, are pages of Rubyscript code that control how the game and its mechanics work. Unless you know anything about coding, I don't recommend messing around with scripts. As I said, both of these things are indeed customizable. There are scores of custom-made resources and scripts for RPG Maker on the internet. In fact, not too long ago, RPG Maker opened up a Steam Workshop page for sharing your RPG Maker resources and scripts, as well as game projects. Look around there or on the internet and you'll find some good ones, I can assure you.Now, there's one last thing I want to talk about, and that's commercial release, A.K.A. selling games. Now, stuff made with RPG Maker can indeed be sold so you can make money off of your games. However, resource and script creators for RPG Maker may not want you to use materials in your commercial release, and using licensed characters in your game(e.g. Mario, Cloud Strife, Gary M. F. Oak, etc.) is kinda sorta against the law. Others may be fine if you just give them credit for making the resources and/or scripts you used. The presets included with RPG Maker, as well as the DLC resources, are free for commercial use, however. Please keep this in mind if you intend on making your game to be sold on Steam or some other game distribution system.All-in-all, RPG Maker is a very useful program for those of you who are feeling creative and want to make their own video game. The only downsides to this program, in my opinion, are the pricetags on both it and the DLC. $70 for the main thing and $10-30 for everything else? Seems a bit much to me. Even so, there's just so many useful tools at your fingertips that the pricetag seems to be worth it in so many ways. I for one am having so much fun making my own game, and I'm sure that you will too. So what are you waiting for? This is the perfect program for anyone who wants to make their own game.9/10 - Excellent"
76561198067827437,Recommended,220700,6510793,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Wakkatobakka,so much to do...so little time. truly a must
76561198121258829,Recommended,220700,16741912,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,tecnojet,"I say its good... but there are a few things here and there...ok, to start in the normal program theres not much content unless you have a DLCthat means i need to spend extra money after paying £49.99!!!But, the games you can make yourself without the DLCs are good, the custemizations are good and the textures are good!8.8/10.0"
,Recommended,220700,16686272,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Hextremist,"RPG Maker VX Ace has made my dream come true! I've always wanted to make my own RPG but I could never find the right tools to make it. I don't know how to program games and many other free ""RPG creator"" software were never good enough or too complicated to do what I wanted to create.But RPG Maker VX Ace is THE RPG maker software that I've been searching for all these years! It's so easy to use, it comes with tons of pre-made tilesets, music, sound effects and sprites. Navigating around the menu is very user-friendly and there's Help pop-up boxes for almost everything in the software whenever I hover my mouse over something.But best of all, it's online community is HUGE!  There's so many Youtube and Forum Threads tutorials to find out everything I need to know about this software!   Like if I want to do some complex scripted event where I walk up to a chest, open it, find nothing inside, then walk away and want the chest to come alive, flapping itself open and close a couple times, then come charge at me and engage in a battle with a living treasure chest monster... I CAN DO THAT WITH THIS SOFTWARE!  RPG Maker VX Ace is so advanced and so simple at the same time!"
,Recommended,220700,16282929,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,derictorres22,"This programm have the most basic tools to create a game based on clasic RPGs, as it is a tool, you have to be creative, and have a story to tell.  It's up to you to (the user) if you want to do a game saturated in fights, emotionally written or a combination of both.  Build the RPG game you ever dreamed of in a classic way, or recreate your favorite classic RPG, the options are limitless."
,Recommended,220700,15581720,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,scetchiescetch,Too bad you can't download it for Mac...
76561198049412935,Recommended,220700,16392609,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ryyz,Seems fun I just had to buy it with the deals going on now =3
,Recommended,220700,16405275,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,しゃんでら,"While it seems very intimidating at first, RPG Maker VX Ace is actually a lot of fun to work with and the results are always pleasing. I've only clocked in a little over 60 hours of playtime and I haven't regreted a minute. There are some tedious things that go into the game-making process, but I definitely recommend this product.P.S. With RPG Maker games (assuming you don't use 13,000,000 scripts [well that was an oddly specific number]) It's probably best to work on story or gameplay mechanics over graphic quality, textures, and the like. A lot of games will be similar in look due to the core engine and base sprites and whatnot, so make your game unique in other ways ^^"
,Recommended,220700,16388403,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Ban,"This is an amazing software. It makes programming a game so much easier than other softwares such as unity where you take one look and quit. With this software you can make a person walk up to your player, give them a quest, and then dissapear with at the max 10 clicks. I would take advantage of this sale now because $70 is a very high price."
,Recommended,220700,16388862,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,uREYREYka,you can import ♥♥♥♥♥♥s 10/10 would recommend
76561198086908724,Recommended,220700,16406958,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ryin367,"Classic game developer software, plenty of resources, and easy to understand."
,Recommended,220700,16407461,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Giantest Dad,"As a casual developer beginning to grasp the concept of creating games, this software has served me well. The program is simple to learn but difficult to master and by that I mean it's not hard to learn how the event system works or how to work with tile sets but once advanced enough you are able to import codes (that you've made or that you've found on the forum..with permission of course!) to use, you are able to use custom tilesets, and basically set the game up the way you intended it to! My only complaint is that the built in sprite generator feels limited but there's a great companion program on steam that you can use. Definitely recommend buying this, especially when it's on sale!"
,Recommended,220700,16408655,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Iroha,"10/10WIll make a plotless, goal less~RPG."
76561198138403720,Recommended,220700,16470256,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Treat,"I enjoy it alot. If you are interested in buying my suggestion would be to  wait for a sale. There will almost certainly be another on this item as surely as the sun will shine. Some things you may need to know:1. You cannot use any material for Ace on this site without buying Ace from them.2. The default battle system is very static, only spells are animated. Some video clips for materials will show visual battlers Do not purchase them without first hunting down the appropriate animated battler scripts online and learning how to use those scripts.3. The games are not made for touch screens and cannot be used with any other operating system.4. The game/scripts are based on Ruby.5. There are lots of tutorial videos on youtube and other tutorials available on the game site. Look them up and see what you think before purchasing.6. Do not erase the default spell animations. Spell animations are very time consuming and difficult to create.7. Below are a few websites that I know of/like.  (Be sure to read the rules before using any scripts.)https://animatedbattlers.wordpress.com/https://yanflychannel.wordpress.com/http://rpgmaker.net/scripts/464/http://rmvxace.wikia.com/wiki/RPG_Maker_VX_Ace_Master_Script_ListI hope this information is helpful."
76561198119268129,Recommended,220700,16434339,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Buddergelom,it fun
,Recommended,220700,16263089,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,JustPure1,"This software is a great platform for getting into Game Design. The software in itself is relatively simple to use, and also features options for those who are fluent in game design and the programming language ""Ruby"".  I highly reccommend this to anything looking to get into the same field as I, and it offers a wide range of customization.There is quite a bit of DLC, which adds a stupendous amount of content into the game (software, whatever). Even though it's quite pricey for all of it (totalling about $1000 United States Dollar), the amount of content you get is ridiculous.  It can add themes like modern day weaponry, tilesets, and music, along with entirely new character options.As I said, this is a great software for those looking to enter game design, and if you really want to make a great game, remember to have patience. Yes, you can pump out a game in a day if you really tried, but to make a great game, take your time and learn the software over a longer period of time as you're designing."
76561198083677186,Recommended,220700,7655255,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,PanDragon,Easy to use! And a lot of fun!
,Recommended,220700,14884888,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Cheesesteak,"This is an awesome game creator, cant wait to post my games!"
,Recommended,220700,14895825,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,VaioStreams,"The first time i saw RPG maker was with the orginal playstation. yes, back in the 90/200s. for the most part, it's the same thing. But what i want to address are the people reading the negative reviews.Yes, the software has it's drawbacks, but most of them can be worked around. so i'll address them by typical problemsthe sprites are smaller than those in XP but you don't have to stay with the Chibi style of sprites. You can, in deed use XP sprites in. It takes a little bit of work, but can be done. You are not locked into the stock sprite maker either. Game character hub will help. sprite creator 3 is really good too.The game resolution is small; however, you should look at Yanfly channel. There is a  script that will allow you to make it a little bigger.You are not restricted to the tile base system of building maps or their low resolution. Learn photoshop or any other digital design software. Illustrator will be helful for sprite creation and map creation. if you don't know a program like photoshop, then don't expect too much.I stress this. Learn the way things are built in RPGMVXA! Learn how to build your own maps in photoshop and get those to work inside the maker. learn how the tile system works and how you build your own tiles to make the maps more interesting. Learn how the icon system works to make custom icons or replace the current ones. .So in short- Learn to script or use YanFly. I highly recommend Yanfly as you can make even a  Zelda like on map fighting game if you wanted- Learn Photoshop or some other softwear. this is where the entire thing opens up and allows you to do much much more than the maker allows you to stock.- Learn how to get your custom graphics in the game. things go by faster and there is more flexability.- If you don't want to use their sprites? Don't. but you need to learn file sizes and what the maker can read and can not read.This is an amazing game maker and can create just about any 2D RPG or even side scroller if you can imagine. and with the massive amount of Makers that are coming out, this is more or less the future of game creation. If you are too lazy to learn how the softwear works, then you wont be creating things that could wow people or look different from what everyone else is creating. This goes for design or art softwear. You need to take the time to learn this system. it's mostly file management. If you can do that, you can create some amazing games. If you are looking for quick gratification, you'll get that, But you'll also be one of the people who says ""i don't have the flexability i want"" with this.Also, as one noted in the reviews. Making a game takes time. You can build your game on your own but it will take years.  If you have a team, it'll be shorter but you have to manage everyone. If you want to make a massive Final Fantasy like game, you can do it. But you need to take into consideration your pactiance, artistic talent, speed of learning organization and desire to create something, then make your game to your abilities and as you use it more and practice, things will get better and easier.I recommend this with no reservations. It's an amazing piece of softwear and as i'm an Art Teacher, I am currently teaching this softwear to highschool students and their project is absolutly amazing."
76561198095132128,Recommended,220700,14829482,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,UCKB.Xofox,great dev tool Used to make many great games
,Recommended,220700,14269175,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Gtsimos,Made a trick-game that scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my friends :)
,Recommended,220700,14270224,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lucky Kid Gaming,its a polished engine and its easy to use
,Recommended,220700,14344461,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,fer.zazueta,"I think this software is absolutley amazing. My coding skills are close to zero (I have spent some time on Code Academy) and I was able to make a simple game. I didn't really have to use what I know about coding and I learned most things from one day of watching youtube videos (it really is very simple). My first project was a Valentine's gift for my girlfriend. I made a small game filled with references of us and a funny storyline and even though it took quite a long time the end game was short but pretty fun. My point is that its easy to use and that you do not have to be very serious about game making to use this, I wouldn't know about its potential for making good commericable games, but there are a bunch of games on Steam that were made using RPG Maker so I assume it can also work for people serious about making games. I recommend this software to anyone even remotley interested in making an RPG, you will get addicted."
76561198038570877,Recommended,220700,14300519,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,FirePhoenix,So I downloaded this and thought eh...it might be ok but after only five min I had a game made that I could play...albiet super simple but a playable game none the less.  I love this so far and I dont for see any issues with making a game and publishing it but should any arrise I will edit this.
,Recommended,220700,14158559,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,GamerRaven,easy to use
76561198114794755,Recommended,220700,13216699,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Pixel_Implosion,"Quite a nice fun software, great for experimenting with. However, DLC costs WAY too much!"
76561198061566107,Recommended,220700,13219215,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Bad Meme,RPG Maker VX Ace makes creating video games very easy....and stuf
,Recommended,220700,13221429,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,✪ Silver,"This is magnificent, its easy to use and well within the parameters within well, the eleven to fifty year old range. i am currently making a game of my own called ""Story Of A Sword""(P.S If you can't find the game after purchasing it, its in software not games.)"
76561198072766360,Recommended,220700,13637250,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Damon igneous,This is fun and easy to use. It is good for those starting out and for those with more time under their belt.
76561198130744764,Recommended,220700,13637460,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,I CAN'T FIND THE COIN SLOT,"The first time you get your hands on this product, you'll be like ""Holy ****! am I playing Dark Souls?""  Don't worry, because when you actually take some time to play around with rpg maker, you'll be like ""Pfft, what is this? Final Fantasy VI?""In all seriousness.This product becomes so easy to use once you get the hang of it!And it's so simple too!Want to make an NPC? No problem! Just create a new event, select the sprite, make the script for the character (right-click dat big empty space), and edit the dialogue. Easier done than said!Random encounters? Yes! Very easy to make!Wait, wait, what if I want to make a jumpscare game? No problem. You can make images appear! Just don't get your hopes high on a FNAF rip-offCan you sell the games you make? Hell yah!  Why do you think it's called RPG Maker? And There's no catch! Royalty free!Pros-Easy to use-Recommended for people who want to sell their first game-Recommended for devs who are just starting out-No complicated scripting required for a good game-Importing your custom content like sprites is a walk in the park-Legit fighting system-Asking price isn't as high as compared to other engines like Cryengine or UnityProCons-Resources you get when you buy RPG Maker is actually really limited unless you buy some of the DLCs-DLC bait (although the DLCs are really great)-Not the engine you'll want to use if you want to make the revolutionary, next gen, 2D RPG game-You can easily make visual novels here, but not recommended. It'll end up being blandWhat are you waiting for? Go buy this now!Still don't believe me? Just look at One Way Heroics.Yes, it was made using RPG Maker"
,Recommended,220700,13314234,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Snow Silver,Software so good for create game!!
76561198048493098,Recommended,220700,5359771,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,WILLIAM HACHE MACY'S DAY PARADE,Simple to use and easy to understand.
,Recommended,220700,308535,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,PSOCecil,"It's one of the most fun and enjoyable pieces of game-making software. A bit pricey, but it goes on sale rather often. If you really want to, you can sell what you make, which is neat.. I'm making my own game, too, check it out HERE!http://rpgmaker.net/games/4920/Also, they plan on putting Steam Workshop up 'at the beginning of April'. It's.. May now, so.. that's worrying, but still."
,Recommended,220700,7849145,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sol_Phoneix,easy to use. easy to learn. Quick to make a game. That is playable.
,Recommended,220700,7851417,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,King SwoleDeDe,"Ever dreamed of making an RPG, but thought it was too complicated or too difficult? Well RPG MAKER VX ACE is here to fix that! This, very expensive, peice of software has an easy to use interface that will prove to be useful in making your ultimate RPG. It comes with a varity of preloaded resources that your allowed to use, even when you sell your game! If you've ever wanted to make an game, you can either pick this up or Game Dev Tycoon [which I also reccomend!]."
76561197999330912,Recommended,220700,7852308,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Panomaniax,"This is an impressive piece of software.  If you ever wanted to make your own JRPG this a great tool to do it with.  However you should do so with the right expectations up front otherwise you might be disappointed.First, there's a lot of depth here.  Expect to spend a fair amount of time just learning how the software works.  I found an excellent tutorial on the web that was ~170 pages long that walked me through creating a small RPG including a world map, town and buildings inside the town, mobs, NPCs, items, shops, etc.  Even at 170 pages, there were a lot of pieces of the program that were skipped or only mentioned briefly.  Everything that you'd want to have or would see in a typical old school JRPG is possible but there is a learning curve so expect to put some time into that.Second is the time required to create your own RPG once you know how the tool works.  Classics like the original Zelda were not made in a day, so if that's your ambition then plan on spending a lot of time to get there.  The tool is fantastic as it takes care of the technical aspects of rendering the screen, handling input, playing audio, tracking game states and dealing with more complex things like how character levels progress, building a shop or handling combat.   It's still up to you to paint the world, write the story, the dialog, add the event triggers, define how characters progress, what items and spells do, what they're called and how much they are work as well as defining the monsters and bosses and then assembling this into a coherent game.Bottom line is if you have any interest in making a game like this, or just want to see what's involved in making a game like this then this is a great tool to do that with.  I'd suggest that if you get it, don't get any of the DLC until you've had some time to go through a tutorial  and had a chance to try it out to see if it's for you."
76561198028440203,Recommended,220700,3876356,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Mythologygames,Very simple to use. Drag and Drop to create something unique.
,Recommended,220700,8052025,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,aBowlOfOranges,probably
,Recommended,220700,2408339,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,NightrunLP,"I am a RPG-Maker vet (since the 2k version) and all of them have their advantages and disadvantages.The VX Ace version has mostly advantages: better event scripting, the RTP files are more useful than ever, a character generator, face-sets are back, and lots more. The biggest plus from VX to VX Ace is the fact that you are able to use more than 5 tilesets per game, giving you a huge boost in design-variations.The ""downfall"" of VX Ace is that mapping is just as bad as in VX: If you are not into parallaxing and/or have exactly the perfect tiles, mapping can get frustrating, as you just have two layers for mapping (excluding events) instead of the 3 layers in earlier versions.Set aside that: VX Ace certainly is a huge improvement overall, but I still don't get it why they dropped the last layer for maps >.<"
,Recommended,220700,8033981,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Iminance,This software is fantastic for novice game developers and even just general users. You can make a fun little RPG in less than an hour!
76561198038279644,Recommended,220700,8034394,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Fact Miner Pro,It's good.
,Recommended,220700,8035282,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,TheDbr22,"This is great and easy software to start using. If it seems too easy there's always scripting, and while difficult to learn, the great RPGMaker community can help solve any problem."
,Recommended,220700,1051002,"Posted: 5 March, 2013",all,CyberPhoeno,"In terms of a game developer the $70 price tag is insanly cheap. Especially when you are free to sell your games you create with it. Just make sure if you do find resources online you have the owner's permission to use it for a commercial project. Also little to no programming knowledge is necessary to build a fully functioning RPG.Also with the engine coded in ruby, if you know ruby you will be able to customize your game in any way you see fit. It is just an exceptionally versitile tool to have if you are a budding game developer."
,Recommended,220700,8036066,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,NightRaven1982,"Simply amazing. I wanna say that this software has to be the top software to use for those that have a highly creative streak and that share a love of rpgs! I mean this software is made specifically for everyone from the novice to the expert and really allows you to step up to the next level. I personally feel that there is only really one draw back and thats the price on dlc. I think it would be a lot more beneficial to have each pack from 5-10 bucks and to even allow a workshop function with dual aspect of getting the community involved and sharing ideas and even creating packs of dlc. I mean think about how many artists we have out there who actually play rpgs and use steam.But, as I said. This is only my own personal point of view so if this were to be rated on a scale of 1-10, I would honestly have to give it a solid 9.90."
76561198065913373,Recommended,220700,8036476,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Batman's Giant Penny,"Everyone under the sun says that it is so hard to make a game with this program.  I will agree, but only half-heartedly!  I used this program (and RPG Maker XP, 2003, 2000....and 95 before they were on Steam!) and made countless scenarios and ""RPGs"".  Yes, this program has its faults, but many people ignore a simple fact:  you could know every in and out of the software, but it does nothing if you don't know what to do with it!  You MUST map out a battle system and plot BEFORE you start making a game!  If you can do that, you can look past all of this system's shortcomings, and find yourself with ample software to get the job done!"
,Recommended,220700,8070202,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,morriscox,I'm really liking it. Make sure to follow the tutorial athttp://www.scribd.com/doc/88474618/beginner-s-guide-to-rpg-maker-vx-aceand you'll make a lot of progress quickly without skipping on the basics.
,Recommended,220700,8075081,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Baldur,"Great for anyone who is interested in creating an adventure or story, It is also a gives a great insight to to the basics of Games development."
76561198053351471,Recommended,220700,8046657,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Firewall,"Everything about this is very nice, the only thing I do't like is the Charter creation, very limited, other than that this tool gives you a decent amount to work with plus you can add your own stuff to it, if you got the right software."
,Recommended,220700,8048956,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,E Lykos,"It takes some getting used to, but it allows some freedom that other software may ristrict for new designes with little to no programming experience. I recomend looking on Youtube for indepth tutorials."
,Recommended,220700,8051496,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Blackmoon,"A little pricey, but highly modular, and not too difficult to use once you get the hang of it. Thankfully the forums for the software are still quite active, and it's easy to find lots of user-created scripts to make the game work the way you want."
,Recommended,220700,8060777,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Aminity,"Its a nice tool to make a game, but the graphics for party setup during combat are missing in my opinion... see trailer video at 1:20 if you want to know what I mean, you want to see your own party battle right? Not just the enemy :/"
76561198074970103,Recommended,220700,15390161,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Mercifell,"While I'm still relatively new to this software, I can say it's a great tool for all those interested in making their own games. It helps get your feet wet if you're planning on making any other sort of game all while being an enjoyable experience. While RPG Maker games might not 'sell' the best on the open market, it's still a wonderful way to share your ideas in playable form, and the gratification of being able to walk through a world you created is astounding. Games likeIf you'd like to sell games, all I can say is that I'm sure it can be done. 'To the Moon' is a rather popular example of a Rpg Maker success story. If you enjoy retro JRPG classics (as I do) Such as Pokemon, Dragon Quest, Legend of Zelda, Fire Emblem, or Golden Moon this is the software for you. It has a very 80's-90's feeling (you're not going to be able to create lush, 3D enviroments with Skyrim style art, for instance) and for an oldschool gamer such as myself this is a trip through the land of nostalgia.Overall I can say I'm very happy with my purchase! It's loads of fun to mess around in, though it takes a bit of dedication to learn how scripting works. Google and forums are your friends.Pros-+Easy to Learn and Understand+Most scripts are already provided in the program, meaning limited use of coding knowledge is needed.+Great amount of freedom, from maps to character.+Can import your own art, tile sets, music, etc to make a world unique to your games.+Already liscenced, so no need to pay for that if you plan on publishing.+Lots of DLC's for all your creative needs.+Sales! Rpg Maker is often on sale random times throughout the year. I purchased mine at an 85% discount.Cons--Learning how to use DLC's within the program. It's stupid hard to install them for use sadly.-The liscense, while nice to protect your work, is also limiting. You can't use any tiles, sprites, music, etc outside of rpg Maker.-Not for those looking for a modern gaming experience. (Try Unity if you want to make a 3D, more modern gen game- just know it's a lot harder to work and requires some heavy dedication and coding knowledge to accomplish anything. A 3D modeling program, like Maya or Sculptris, is also reccomended.)-Program can be limiting to advanced coders and game devolpers.-No real 'manual' for the game- it's mostly trial and error and what you can get from the internet.Goodluck and have fun creating!"
76561198142878795,Recommended,220700,15511368,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Bubble Buddy,"Ever had a dream? Ever wanted to make that dream a game? Why are you reading this reveiw? Freakin' buy it already. Do it. Like, now. Take out your wallet. Yeeeeah..... There ya go..... Good."
76561198093311051,Recommended,220700,15271280,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Gawyn,"The program is really easy to use, although it does require a fair amount of fiddling in order to learn. The tools are fairly intuitive and there are plenty of tutorials out there for additional help.One word of advice: Set an alarm as you can easily get sidetracked with this.Definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,220700,15259817,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Charlie,"After over 200 hours, I think finally I could say something.I will give RM VA 9/10, it is near perfection, really near, so here is my review.Pros:1. Easy to use. The significance of being easy is that you don't lose confidence easily, then you can keep using it, keep learning it, keep getting better and better. Eventually you will get a pretty good result.2. Huge environment and active community. As a good game engine, having a good environment is the foundation.You would not use an engine that provides no document, no community support, no website, no other people using it.RPG Maker has a outstanding community which has a lot of people using it, sharing idea, works, teaching other people.You can find tile sets, BGM, scripts online, which will help you in many ways.3. Nearly limitless. It has a built-in script editor using Ruby language. By writing scripts (basically coding) you can overwrite some features, make improvements and add new functions. And this will unlock the possibility to make an awesome game.As I said earlier, this software is near perfection and nearly limitless, but it still has something that can be improved.Here are cons:1. Tilesets system looks organized but trust me, you need to do a lot of extra work to get it done.2. Limits. There are limits. No way to set a .gif as title screen. Hard to change the window size without making some weird things happen. Only 5 tilesets can be used in one map.3. No actual layer option. Yes, you can set tile or event to below, same or above character, but the fact is that event is always on the same layer with character, only pictures can be set as above, same and below character.This will cause some bugs that cannot be fixed by any means even scripting.And the layer is just map ID or flag, it is too primitive to be called a layer function. Typically, layers should be like in photoshop or after effects, you can change blending mode to make layers blend together or using layers to avoid interference between layers. However, unfortunately you can't achieve these since it doesn't have any layer options.I just hope next version of RPG Maker will have layer function..."
,Recommended,220700,16016879,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Bernie,"I love RPG Maker, it's great for fun little things if you have no experience coding/scripting."
76561198032270432,Recommended,220700,16019643,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,TheMattIdentity,"Do you know anything about coding? No? Do you like like old RPG video games? Yes?Buy it.You will never find something so easy to learn, fascinating to master and incredibly powerful. If you're some kind of Code God, you have the option to Script the entire thing. If you're a normal human being like me (I took JAVA eight years ago in high school and failed), there are lots of shiny buttons and pictures to click on. It's designed to let you experiment with it without exploding. It will work with you, if you take it one step at a time.Add an event. Test it. Add another one. Test it. Make a mistake. Figure it out and fix it. Add an event. Watch the sun rise. Shrug and test it.And trust me, there is NOTHING cooler than hitting F12 and running the game. You're playing a game that YOU MADE. I love it. It's the best impulse purchase I've ever made."
76561198079976598,Recommended,220700,16020577,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The Sober Irishman,"I just bought this game and gotta say ATM i'm optimistic, i wanna make a game for many others to create and this will hopefully be my way into the field of game design. only downside i see to this game is it doesnt start with a mini tutorial on the basics like events and stuff and as of right now im pretty much lost, but nothing a few youtube tutorials and friends cant fix. This is a piece of software i will credit if and when i get a name out for myself...hopefully."
,Recommended,220700,16047430,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,An Angry Yordle,"Incredibly powerfull software!No experience needed, but also provides enough content for professionals!No flaws worth mentioning!Great Software! Expensive, but TOTALLY worth it!I'm speechless, as you see by this totally subjective comment!"
76561198101171001,Recommended,220700,16049098,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Austinismyname,"It isn't nearly as dumbed down as I assumed that it would be. RPG Maker VX Ace is an amazing collection of tools that really allow you to create anything you'd like (within reason). The catch is that you will be creating all of it. All. Of. It. It's greatest quality for me is the sense of accomplishment that comes with getting any part of my creation to work flawlessly. It takes work, but the result is well worth it. I definitely recommend RPG Maker VX Ace for anyone with a knack for developing."
,Recommended,220700,16024743,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Mush~Mush~<3,One of the best Game Creation softwares I ever used. Easy to learn and use and also has quite a lot of functionality.But..... but..... why?WHY 80% DISCOUNT COME OUT THE DAY AFTER I BOUGHT THIS TOGETHER WITH GAME CHARACTER HUB AND SOME DLCS... FML...
76561198074156359,Recommended,220700,16253182,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,jospehjack,wonderful sysytem a little less effects that rpgmaker 2003 had(ie no easy ff style combats). Also less graphic effect than rpg maker xp. but more versitility than any other version in EVERY other aspect. Better script that are way easier to program.
,Recommended,220700,16257900,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,DelusionWire,Easy and Simple!
,Recommended,220700,15570833,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,St. Freg,"This system is pretty incredible and I haven't even begun to scratch the surface of the script editor. It's flexible, customizable, and (best of all) very intuitive. I am incredibly glad I spent the money to get the full version because it's been more than worth the money."
,Recommended,220700,16380583,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Apparently Some Superhero,"I Personally Thought This Software Is Hard To Learn, Easy To Master.A Good Software For Intermediate Game Developers"
76561198067382336,Recommended,220700,16381706,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,phane,"What I love about this program is that even if you don't actually publish anything with it, at least you could make your own fantasy come alive in the way you want it. I've already put in 200 hours into it and I more than likely will never finish my project, but that's alright at least I'm putting my own story into something I can work with."
,Recommended,220700,16487641,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,TaTe Hime,"Even as a Computer Science major, who programs games from scratch for fun, I find this software to be extremely well-made and simplistic to use. This is perfect for the avid gamer with no programming experience to start making their own game. It takes a little manuevering but it is worth it in the end."
76561198107181298,Recommended,220700,16512851,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AtypicalTrashCan,"This software is great for Developers learning the basics of how to make a game or for experts who know how to create the most complex of creations. very simple tools and interface, and a ""script"" feature to pros of Ruby..You can make very simple or if you put your heart into it, a masterpiece...Very well made software.."
76561198004832222,Recommended,220700,8258629,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,pygmialbinofish,"I bought this and was lost and confused until I looked at guides for it. Other than that, it's easy to use, has a lot things you can do and is pretty fun."
76561198085094621,Recommended,220700,10334998,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Ranze Jini,"So awesome for people who have stories, but don't know much about coding! now if only I had a good story XD"
76561198138474921,Recommended,220700,10387173,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Val,This Program is awsome its so simple but interactive and creative if anybody buys it and wants to make a game message me and we can talk awsome program to me its worth the right amount but they could lower the price to get more people to buy it
76561198053712306,Recommended,220700,15862537,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,rezyac,"very nice engine to make games on you can input so much of your own stuff its great, even just using whats in the package you can make some great games"
,Recommended,220700,15867507,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,COMPATRIOTS,"Compared to the old days with shoddy translations, this is a big step up.The base RTP gives enough assets to make a game, but of course not amazingly polished. The WYSIWYG tools are still traditionally simple to use, allowing for a more rapid development process that's much needed for people just starting out.  Where the software really shines compared to it's older versions is the Ruby scripting engine. If you can code, you can change a lot of behavior in the game with surprisingly not a lot of effort.It's not really the perfect tool for aspiring game devs. Everything from the engine/api/assets have been provided and all that's left are ideas to implement. There is enough flexibility for one to make a solid 2d game though. It's very much recommended for newbies and hobbyists."
,Recommended,220700,16091142,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Schwinging Schwong,"RPG Maker VX Ace is an amazing game engine for those hoping to make decent 2D RPG's. Its ability to create maps and events are extremely simple and allowed me to make games easily. With just a little help, anybody can make a game with this engine regardless of their skill in game development."
76561198140545490,Recommended,220700,16091277,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Karimmjow,"It will take a looong time to learn how to use this program, but it will be worth it."
,Recommended,220700,16096409,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Gameboy Geek,"A great and easy to use system, the fact it has resources and a few things like menus already configured makes it alot easier to make actual progress while still learning RGSS3. Honestly it is rather pricey but i would recommend it 10/10"
,Recommended,220700,15644022,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,greasy chicken,i enjoy this program using the turtorials from the website have been helping me learn it is interesting and fun software glad i got it when it was on sale with extras worth the money if you really wanna build your own rpg game
76561198095997088,Recommended,220700,10641987,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Player 5,"THis progam is awsone, if you know how to use it. It has enough graphics for those who can't pixel, like myself, and if you learn to script it has really nice things for that. I would buy this if you are willing to do it!"
,Recommended,220700,9274494,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Tunnel Snakes,I really love this game making software. It is one of the best becasue it's possible to put about anything you want in.
,Recommended,220700,9275080,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,XxTaunaxX,"Great if you want to get into game making! A simple program, but powerful!"
,Recommended,220700,9275654,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Dte102,"GG NO RE, DTE MADE A GAME AND IT'S GOOD!{LINK REMOVED}http://www.mediafire.com/download/tazbb17tc3dl785/Mumble.exe"
,Recommended,220700,9367899,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,WiseWarrior,"RPG Maker VX Ace is an extremely useful tool for game creation. It does, just like every engine, have some pretty sizeable flaws. Thanks to the inclusion of RGSS3 (a Ruby based scripting language), most can be fixed via scripting. It is clear that RPG Maker VX Ace is aimed at those who have never done any kind of game creation before. However, unlike other engines of its type. RPG Maker VX Ace has the flexibility and core engine that will help you advance at a pace you can handle. From using events to building your own scripts and modules.RPG Maker VX Ace most fatal flaw lies in its documentation and explanation of globally store variables. Another pet hate of mine is that a lot of functions aren’t initialized with default values. In truth, this software needs improvement. However, spend a lot of time with it and you'll see potential in it and will be able to do everything you want to...just perhaps not the way you initially thought you would.In my opinion GameMaker 8.1/Studio is a better overall engine. RPG Maker VX Ace has better resources and is more user-friendly. Decide for yourself.7 of 10"
,Recommended,220700,9375672,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,tloyc2017,"I've had the original VX for a while not on steam, but I must say this is an improvement. A vast improvement. Though the whole DLC thing can be kinda annoying, they're generally worth it."
76561198057766049,Recommended,220700,9377308,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,icekitsune777,recommendable to those with a nack for rpg making
76561198002572866,Recommended,220700,9566722,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Slit518,"It is easy and fun to make an old school style RPG to share with friends and strangers alike.  It would be nice if the active time battle system was a bit more flexible and easy to use, but with more practice, perhaps it will be!"
,Recommended,220700,8812010,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Alokoneses,This really is a nice program for beginners to make a rpg game
76561198081004567,Recommended,220700,6969267,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,MaskedNightmare,"It's probably best to wait for a good deal on this (I myself was lucky enough to get it half off)... But if you have a creative passion for game designing or just like customizing an RPG of your own, this is definatly worth picking up!"
,Recommended,220700,8842308,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Gmer3000,Windows 8 update caused a playtest error. Now I can't playtest this game. I all get now is a black screen but I do hear the music playing. Please update game to fix!
76561198095272814,Recommended,220700,8772100,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Nick EX,"This program might be rather expensive, but it's features are completely worth it.Already very beginners in the field of Game Development can use this program easily. Using it does not require much skill, the graphics, music etc can be modified external to add some tracks that can make your game unique. Professional developers (Ruby only) can also modify the game script itself to make their game stand out amongst the others by modifying the way the character moves, which system will be used during battle etc.The built-in character generator might be a pretty awesome idea, but I'd not consider using it. It could still be improved by far by adding more possibilities on clothing, face details etc. Also they could improve it by adding not just more resources, but more features, like creating a full FaceSet filled with different expressions instead of just one facial image. They could add a feature to create a special stance at the CharSet, like making the character be in some kind of fighting, fencing or shootout stance.Personal rating: 86%Worth the money: For sureWorth the money you pay for this program, but the additional features should be improved by far. Maybe could also add a BGM Creator tool, but that'd be too much to ask for."
76561198122378940,Recommended,220700,8773533,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,OoTrillionoO,"A very useful software with a wide range of options and a very user friendly setup. The software allows an infinite amount of possibilites with the use of scripts. It also contains a very friendly and helpful community, and tutorials to help any one from programers using their own scripts to artists designing their own characters and sprites. In the community you can also find many resources made by other users, or you can request specially made resources to fit your needs. 9/10 a rather easy to understand program with alot of functionality, and a good community, although at times it can be difficult to understand some things when you first start off.(Although there are tutorials for that)"
,Recommended,220700,8778428,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Lady K [GM],"I used to use RPG Maker 2003 and RPG Maker XP. I'm so happy to have RPG Maker VX Ace. I kind of wish the tilesets, music, animation graphics, and sound carried over into the newer versions along with the newer resources. That said, I really enjoy this program, and I think it's so much fun. Even if you don't plan on making anything to put on the market later, it's fun to just figure out how to even make a game in the first place, and also realize your own stories. It doesn't require extensive coding knowledge. However, if you don't know it already, you'll learn very quickly how to use If/Else structures and the proper sequencing of events and commands. If you're a fan of Final Fantasy 6, or other SNES RPGs, then you'll like using RPG Maker. I love this program!"
,Recommended,220700,13216163,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,W O O D,"Don't be put off by the sickening amount of DLC, this is truly a good piece of software."
76561198155529346,Recommended,220700,13199651,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,skyknightx1,If this is anything like XP or better than its worth th $18 i just payed for it. i will also give it a 10/10 because the game YOU make is only as good as your IMAGINATION.
,Recommended,220700,13206306,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,League of Extrodinary Trolls,One of the best RPG making software on the market. It is both easy to use and very efficient. It is user friendly and has a nice looking UI display.
,Recommended,220700,5711811,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,Zelgadis85,"Old-school RPG fans rejoice as RPG Maker is now available on Steam!With out-of-the-box materials you can create your own adventures in a flash. While some advanced features may require touching the game's scripting system, much is done via ingame events and the like.The graphics are anime-like (well the software comes from Japan, after all) but it is easy to replace the graphics with your own. There are countless sites with resources and scripts for RPG Maker series, and with enough tweaking you might pull off a game that crosses the boundaries of a classic RPG game and takes elements from a platformer or a shooter, for example.Simply put, RPG Maker VX Ace is an advanced SDK for creating (mainly) RPGs but given enough effort, there are near to no limits on what it can do. The best thing? You can sell your games as long as you don't use copyright-infringing material."
,Recommended,220700,13097982,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,mystery_wolf,"I first attempted to use Game Maker Studio for an overhead RPG. It works, but it's extremely bloated in coding.Then I tried this.So much easier if you want to make standard RPGs. I highly suggest using this if you want to solely design these kinds of games. It comes with the ability to use scripts others have designed to customize your game far from the basic interface, and if you know how to program properly, you can make your own scripts for it.It can also be used to publish games. Beware that the Steam community frowns upon the standard RPG created with this game, so if you intend to try to make money off of this, be creative!"
,Recommended,220700,13099215,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Stormydove,"Love this software, due to the fact that your straight up allowed to make and publish games with it. Buy it, learn it, then erase everything that came with it, create your own sprites, music, art and style and make a game we can all play.If you are the creative type this software is for you. Even if you don't wanna publish, you can use the default tiles or buy more tile sets from Steam and create fun games for you and your friends to play through.Limitless potental and easy to get up and get going fast!"
,Recommended,220700,13134007,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,One Autumn Leaf,"Great Program, Love just messing around, GET IT ON SALE THOUGH"
,Recommended,220700,10279954,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Descole ゼロ,"Absolutely great for beginner. Easy to learn, but deep enough for advanced programmer.I like this programm a lot and can absolutely recommend it for everyone."
,Recommended,220700,14981695,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,akg.chubbychoco,"I've been using the RPG Maker games since RPGM'95.  I've had every version at one point or another.  And I can say, without a doubt, that VXA is my favorite to use.  The ability to customize each tileset with the liquid, walls, and details you want makes life so much easier.  Need magma in your town, but want a healthy forest growing from it?  No need to open Photoshop.  Just make yourself a new tileset in the database, and volcano-forest away.As an added bonus, there are tons of free resources available on the internet - tutorials, music, tiles, characters, battlers, everything.  Seriously, you name it, and it's out there.  And if it isn't already out there, you can commission someone to make it for you (unless you can make it yourself, which is time-consuming, but not impossible)."
,Recommended,220700,2906780,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,CheetoFingaz,"So much fun, Easy to use, Loosing lots of spare time to this thing hahahahaha worth while if anyone was thinking about getting it."
,Recommended,220700,13282650,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mr. Snakes,"Significantly powerful engine, you just have to have an honest desire to learn it, maybe learn a bit of ruby, then just do it."
76561198041269301,Recommended,220700,13371093,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Yoruasa,I love this software! It is so fun to create my own world even with the content that comes with the software. My imagination runs wild!
76561198074523535,Recommended,220700,13550619,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Mach Rider: Krawl,amazing game creator
76561198042251547,Recommended,220700,10212050,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Trent,Its really expensive! Therefore its the best game evar.
,Recommended,220700,9996288,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,you know what time it is,"I have used Enterbrain's software for years and I must say, this along with XP are the best editions of their simple yet powerful game maker engine. It helped me get into game development, so if anyone's interested in starting out fairly easy, this is a product you should choose.It comes with a load of graphics, sounds, music, and even a full database so you can get the hang of how everything is working. The event system allows you to unleash your creative thoughts, and the script manager allows you to challenge your creative thoughts and expand upon them. Secondly, the simple map designer is pretty easy to use.Furthermore, if you want more content, you can always look up what you want on the web and you will most likely find it. Unfortunately, the community of this software isn't much to brag about since it consists of lots of young people and arrogant douches. At least, that is my experience of it.If you got some extra cash in your wallet, the DLC's will grant you more possibilities and HQ sound. The graphics packs is worth the price, but the music packs is a bit overpriced.Conclusion:Included Content - 10/10Simplicity - 9/10Features - 10/10Graphics - 8/10Sound - 7/10Performance - 10/10Price - 8/10Online Community - 4/10Custom Materials - 10/10Overall - 8.4/10(Note: This review is based on my personal opinions.)"
,Recommended,220700,14005908,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,SquirtlePaPa,Great tool for making 2D games.
,Recommended,220700,14031153,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,TheEmeraldRose,"This is an amazing program. I highly recomend it for anyone who is looking into making some awesome games. It is kinda over whelming at first, well it was to me at least, but through some tutorials I was able to quickly get the hang of it! I'm even working on my main game with this at the moment as well. You do kinda start with limited stuff yes, but I guess you are kinda meant to make your own stuff anyways, right? Or you can use edits and scripts other people share, with permission of course. 9/10"
,Recommended,220700,13937712,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nick Philips,This is the best software I ever used!
,Recommended,220700,13975410,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,The memes are in my blood,"This is a JRPG maker, to state the obvious, but I'm just gonna move ahead to the pros and cons because I know you probably just wanna know how the program is.Pros:-Easy to figure out once you get the feel of it.-Provides a sprite and face maker.-Lets you import your own pictures to the title screen, and even textures to make maps. (you can import music, sounds, etc too)-Controls are simple, so you wont need to adjust any of them to fit your game.-Personally, I found the folders easy to navigate. When you have a new game, all the needed folders are there. Audio has its own subfolders to separate sound and music, and other folders have the same feature. I found this useful.-Event making is the easiest thing in the world to do with this program compared to others.-If you don't know scripting, that's fine. Event making is there to help.-Quick events are also helpful. Instead of figuring out how to make a shop NPC, there is a quick event for it. The same goes for doors/traveling.-You can edit the entire battle system, and its enemies. Even the attack animations are editable.-It gives you a lot of preset sprites, faces, music, and other things to work with if you dont already have resources. It's a good place to start from scratch.With all the pros, this seems like an amazing program- and it is- however, it has its cons.-It takes getting used to, and you may need multiple tutorials on certain things. Trust me, it wont make sense at first.-Sometimes, the controls will glitch on a play-test, and you'll need to reboot it multiple times (I've had this problem before)-The sprite/face maker can be limited, as it only has one facial camera pose and preset items to pick from.-If you expect to make games like Witch's House and Ib with this in a few weeks after getting it- don't even bother buying this. You'll get frustrated when you find out that it takes a lot of work and tons of time.-Scripting is a pain, just use the event maker in-program.For a short summary:This is a very powerful JRPG maker, and you can do a lot with practice, patience, and some tutorials. Previous experience in making games is not needed to use this, so you can learn with it. It will take a lot of work, but it pays off. Don't expect the most beautiful graphics you've ever seen until you've hit an advanced level of scripting, graphic map making, and other fields.I give it a rate of about 7/10, because although it has its cons, I've had the most ease with this program than any other. I definetly recommend this to anyone looking for a simple start in game making.Note: if there is anything you need help with when trying to make a game, contact me on Steam. I can't help with scripting or making graphics for you, though."
,Recommended,220700,14041165,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Gaunty,"What to say about RPG Maker VX...Want to try your hand at making simple, easy-to-make classic RPG-style games? Then get this software. While it's price-point is a bit high, if you invest enough time into it and persevere, you'll learn a heck of a lot. Some of the things you learn can even be applied to other game development/coding programs (if you go in deep enough, naturally). I've even made a few different small projects in the software, although they weren't really anything worth showing to the public.In short, if you're new to game development and want to start with something that has a wide-range of resources, tutorials and help from the community, buy this.If you're looking for a heavy, in-depth development program for making 3D games, this isn't for you."
,Recommended,220700,641976,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,thenerdtheword,Robust and easy to use. Having an awesome time making games with it :D
76561198010104535,Recommended,220700,13571159,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,afroattack,"This is a very useful tool for people trying to make their own little test RPG. Programming wise its easy to understand if you understand logic flow, and game character hub being another useful tool to use on top of this, it makes this a really great gift for people you know have great Idea's that want to experiement.Overview:Pros:-Interface is easy to understand and use-Publishing Process is easy-With game character hub (sold seperately) customizing characters becomes alot easier-LOTS of resources out for creating all types of RPG's-Helpful CommunityCons:-(not really a con)Is not instant make game(this misconception is common withe (game maker type engines))-alot of things you have to script around when creating something barebones(this becomes less so with experience)-limited exporting options as far as what platform you want to release is concerned"
,Recommended,220700,13609008,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,KILLERmanJAYRO,very nice feel to it
76561198165996976,Recommended,220700,13594796,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,turner4965,"This amazing for making games! In fact, it's been used to make some of the most renowned games. The best thing I think is that any can use it, even young children (I heard about a 6 year old who uses it).Summary: This a program that on its own is perfect for every artist, programmer, bored child, storywriter, and adult. It is only $70 at most and Steam has good deals on it (up to 60 or 70% off)"
76561198097790698,Recommended,220700,13447511,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Derpy Hooves (TY7711),AWESOME!!!
76561198080033484,Recommended,220700,13075798,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Link200099,"It is a powerful tool.  It seems very complicated, but it is just as hard as learning a new instrument.  You can make a full on epic game, without it telling you what restrictions you have.  You can litterally almost make anything, but you just need to decide when to do it!"
76561198046207393,Recommended,220700,12999132,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Kylandor,"This is a great tool for making your own games and if done right you could make an interactive novel or the like. RPG Maker VX Ace has a very good community as well with several good games on the workshop made by others and also user-made content for spicing up your games and customization is very open, you could with the right know-how easily make a game to suit your interests and needs and better yet the basics such as cutscenes, events and setting up your characters or enemies, editing abilities, spells and weapons or making new ones altogether is user friendly when done right. There are a lot of people in the workshop community who have posted some tutorials or things. If you get put off by the fact that some people make bad RPGs with this remember one thing. There are other, very playable and well designed games on the workshop. Not to mention whatever you yourself make either for your own use or for uploading to the workshop. I rate this 10 out of 5. And if you find your not good at making the RPGs yourself it doesn't matter, you can easily find well-done games on the workshop or find someone to help you out."
76561198089029883,Recommended,220700,14706095,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,AmeMuse,"If you enjoy making indi style games and willing to learn some new things, then rpg maker vx ace is perfect for you. Very approchible for new comers who arn't familar with coding and very adaptable for those who can. It's quick and easy to learn and more than well worth the price."
76561198079966447,Recommended,220700,8438366,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MushinLee,Love it :)
76561198068113998,Recommended,220700,8584266,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,SirBork,This software is EPIC a massive time saver
76561197980804932,Recommended,220700,876883,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,NiGHTS,15/20
,Recommended,220700,7932803,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Danquo,"This is an amazing piece of software to use! It has SO many possibilities and is very easy to use even for beginners. I'll be honest, when I got this I had no clue what I was doing, but I messed around a bit and read the tutorials they have posted online and I'm doing pretty well with it. This is a must have for aspiring game developers to get started with!"
76561198076096318,Recommended,220700,12419084,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Phteven,"Very fun piece of software. Having used RPG maker XP and 2000, and enjoying using both, I can say that VX is by far superior. If you're just starting out with RMVX, or have used previous versions, you can still create something wonderful. IF oyu have a grand imagination, or little at all, the tools are there for you to create a masterpiece. With a little extra knowledge, and some research, you can create a game that could rival mainstream RPGs on the market today.Would reccomend to anybody who has used any other RPG maker, or any game dev software (UDK, Unity, Game Maker, etc) in the past. Would also reccomend this to anyone who enjoys creating things. Big or small, RMVX if the tool for the job.9/10"
76561198122668650,Recommended,220700,12435546,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,The Extra Crispy Colonel,"RPG maker VX ace is a wonderful and simple thing to use. But then again....It is quite pricy for software that lets you create Basic rpg's....and theres no real way to simpillize it to be like Legend of zelda, its  like Final fantasy, which wasn't as well done as PG's like zelda due to the annoyiing combat system that creates a difficulty supplement due to it taking up time ...But if your a fan of Final fantasy i reccomend this to you but you should wait for the price to lower.If your a person wanting to make his own game learn how and dont use software like this, its cheaty. So this is a deccent form of software takes some learning to make."
,Recommended,220700,13163982,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,derp,"Almost 640 hours and I still haven't reviewed this...RPG Maker VX Ace is a program I've been playing around with for almost 640 hours, and I've seen some really great games pop up on the steam workshop. The program also includes some (rather overpriced) DLC, including tilesets, music and characters to spice up that game you've been working on. As just mentioned before, the DLC for sale is rather too pricey for my tastes, considering the hefty price tag for the program, but it is possible to create your own assets for the game. Now, me being me, bought this program for $78 and haven't even submitted something to the workshop yet, where some people have released commercial projects already, so...Before you leave the page for the price alone, consider this: some commercial projects have been released on steam. So, considering this, this program is best used for commercial purposes. There is a scripting program called Ruby that I have absolutely no experience with and don't want to go near it, but I have read that it is rather confusing and not very simple, so for those people who aren't talented scripters or haven't heard of Ruby before, get some scripts off the internet or something...Overall, the program is rather flexible, giving you the ability to create maps all the way to the damage formula. It is possible to create rather advanced games, but unless you plan on making money off this, I suggest you wait for a large sale and spend your money on this.10/10 would waste 640 hours of my life staring at a large square of grass again."
76561198155142499,Recommended,220700,12316892,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,psychomantis100,This a fantasic piece of software for people who have no idea how to programe. Making RPGs is easy with this.
,Recommended,220700,12320403,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Cooldoode325,"Very simple to use, but comes with very deep and powerful features, including a character generator!I'm actually using RPG Maker VX Ace to create my very first commercial game. It's that awesome.Speaking of awesome, the community is the best I've seen. There are TONS of scripts available on a multitude of RPG Maker dedicated sites. There are forums with some really great people who are willing to help beginners and veterans alike. Not sure what else I can say, the community is the best.I recommend this game for both beginners and advanced users. I do however recommend watching tutorials on how to use RPG Maker VX Ace to it's fullest potential on Youtube. It helped me and it'll help you too.Great work Enterbrain!"
76561198056477212,Recommended,220700,12296773,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Terror of Death,An excellent RPG design engine! Even newer game designers or others within the game-making trade should have an easy time using this! Great way to play around with things within a game and learn new stuff as well!*10/10!
,Recommended,220700,12272015,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Darth Anarchy (Damon),"This is the best gaming software i have ever seen, i'm not even joking around, this is the best game making program i have come across i reccomend this to everyone, and anyone, best game maker ever! 10/10"
,Recommended,220700,12280248,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Squeedwad,Once you get the hang of it it's smazing. I started on my first game and so far am very pleased by it. I bought it was on sale and it was worth every penny.
,Recommended,220700,12282100,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AllAchievementsUnlocked,Awesome software for creating an RPG game. Excited to learn more about the ins and outs of the software so I can create my own game.
,Recommended,220700,11815194,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,elbstardo17,"This software is fantastic, there's not really anything to complain about.While it does take a bit to really learn how to use it properly (I'm still learning the software myself), its incredibly flexible, and literally everything I've thought to try has been possible, thanks to the many, many scripts available.- The Default battle system kind of sucks, but that's subjective. I just prefer a Final Fantasy-esque side-view battle system, which can easily be achieved with one of the afforementioned scripts.- Like I said, incredibly flexible if you figure out your way around the program. So far I've experimented with everything from classic JRPG elements like door puzzles and fetch quests to Harvest Moon-like relationship and farming systems. The possibilities are almost endless, as I have not yet come up with an idea I couldn't execute.- Very user-friendly and easy to learn. Just look up a few tutorials on youtube or one of the forums dedicated to this program and you'll be making bad♥♥♥♥♥games in no time.- You get to see the fruit of your labor materialize before your very eyes. I've lost more than a few hours playtesting my own quests, making NPCs say a bunch of goofy crap... I even created a spell in my current project that summons Gary Busey.If you've ever wanted to try your hand at making a video game, this is as good a place to start as any.9.5/10 (Almost perfect, I just didn't like the default battle system.)"
,Recommended,220700,12066391,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,CthulhuChan,"Well the big question on your mind is likley ""Is this worth a price that high?""Allow me to answer your question: Yes.This often goes on sale, sometimes for as low as 17.00, so put in your wishlist and check everyonce in a while.The engine isn't ultra deep like the video suggests, but you can make some pretty insane worlds once you learn how, which brings me to this...There is a surprisingly huge learning curve to this if you want to make anything actually cool, luckily though, if you hover your mouse over the buttons they'll be explained to you. I was a little shocked at how big you can make the games but that comes at a cost so if you are looking to make something huge, chop it up and make a sequel because making one huge world and expecting the game to run brilliantly is like expecting a sequel to Godzilla Unleashed. Sure it may happen but then again...Anyway, yes, it's worth the money, simply watch for it to go on sale or save up and make it a very big purchase. There is a lot to do with this engine once you put the effort in. You get out what you put in."
,Recommended,220700,11590874,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Geno,"It's so simple to use, anyone can make a fantastic game with it :D RPG Maker VX Ace is really worth it."
,Recommended,220700,11646725,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,dustinechoes849,Temporal Flux with jpegs
76561198039568614,Recommended,220700,4597199,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Starleaf,"If you've dreamed of making your own 2d graphic rpg game, with Final Fantasy battle styles. Then this game is made for you my friend. You're able to make up your own story for people to follow, It's so much to do and learn in this game maker software, that its almost funny! :)There's also a bunch of stuff to use on internet, like characters (Sprites), facesets, tilesets and scripts + alot alot more to make an awesome game.I recommend this alot, worth any money if you enjoy making your own games! :)"
76561198053839599,Recommended,220700,11854077,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,tinmancanlord,"This is virtually the best RPG making software you can purchase on the internet. If you are thinking about making your own RPG styled game I highly recommend this software, please support this."
,Recommended,220700,11854651,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,arkemn,To all the nay sayers out there this is a game engine. It takes 40% of the game making out of game making. The best part about it is you can litterally change any part of it that you do not like. There are comunities out there that support this engine and people who have literally made every modification you could ever make. Some for better or worse. I fully recommend this if you wish to build a jrpg. Also if you feel limited Parralellex mapping can change you world. Google is your friend.
76561198115446834,Recommended,220700,8410852,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Vandesdelca,"A simple to use, easy to handle software for creating whatever kind of game you want! What more could you need?"
,Recommended,220700,9374248,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Nic,"Envelop yourself into countless hours of progamming a game!Seriously though it's very simple and can produce some good stuff. It can even do some complicated stuff. It also made the likes of such games like Ib, Witch's House, and more. So it's good stuff man."
,Recommended,220700,11211366,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,nightking223,Great beginners software if you are wanting to learn how to make games!
,Recommended,220700,10150426,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Cpt.DipStick,"Possibly one of the best investments I could have made into a budding game development career.If you're reading this and thinking of developing a game, or just experimenting with your creativity, why wait?Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,220700,10154882,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Adranova,"Do I like this software?  Heck to the yeah do I like this software!  A lot of budding game developers have been wondering if it was easy to make games by themselves.  If those games were included in the RPG department, then buddy let me tell you, there's no better place to start than with RPG Maker VX Ace!The software itself is a bit pricey, yes, but I must direly recommend that you try out the TRIAL VERSION at the original site.  It gives you 30 days to tinker with the system and figure it all out.  That's where I began, and it was incredibly helpful.But onto the specs!  This game is truly incredible by itself, with plenty of pre-made things to choose from.  After a while, you'll start to want more, since the pre-made bits and pieces are getting a little over-rated.  Indeed, more is better with this game if you want to reach out to different genres, such as sci-fi.  The Store provides several unique downloads as well.Figuring out the system is a bit difficult at first, but it gets easier as you progress.  It took me a little under a week to correctly work events.  Scripting comes along a little harder (I haven't, nor do I dare, tried it yet.)  But there are plenty of users who have made scripts for you to use in your game.All in all, this is a great place for wannabe programmers and such, and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,220700,10270052,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Nicholasvd,Great Software for any indi devloper
76561198069198885,Recommended,220700,10280051,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Calyxion,"I rather enjoyed playing this, though it's a little confusing at first. :)"
,Recommended,220700,10282152,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Good Boy,Wonderful game
76561198041000098,Recommended,220700,10282886,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Tsumebara,"This is a fantastic engine for doing a very basic RPG game. All the tools are great for what they're built for, but try to take it a step further and you'll find yourself banging your head against the wall for hours on end. I'm the guy who wants to do more, so i started making an action combat system and the thing that annoys me the most is the way they list the variables. I really wish they could be sorted alphabetically."
,Recommended,220700,10286065,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Weeaboo Assurance Gremlin,"For those without actual coding experience (such as myself), RPG Maker VxAce provides all the tools one needs to create a game with that classic JRPG feel. While the stock images can be limiting, the many pre-built creation tools can provide a huge variety for those who are creative enough to tweak and experiment. It should be noted that because the script is designed to be overwritten, there are many scripts available on the interwebs to change things such as the battle system etc. Overall it provides a lot to work with and has a friendly file importing system for those artistic enough to create their own sprites or music."
,Recommended,220700,10331106,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Smik,"So far, so good!  RPG Maker looks like good value for the money, even if you didn't get it on sale.  Very flexible, and probably one of the few pieces of software where lots of DLC is a good thing.  I've mucked around with some basic experimentation but I can already see where one can make an experience as deep or as simple as one would really like.  Definitely worth a look -- having an I.T. background will help a lot, but it's not required."
,Recommended,220700,10318592,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Pixel Sammich,I like.
,Recommended,220700,10312431,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Teddingten,It's SO ♥♥♥♥ING COOL!!!!!!!!
76561198045005960,Recommended,220700,10314609,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,JacobTheViking,"RPG Maker VX Ace.I recommend RPG Maker VX Ace. There are awesome games available for this, that are both free, or cheap. And it's worth it just to get this for the free games and cheap games you can get when you have it, alone. BUT, if you are technically apt and know how to make your own games, you can make other games that are fun to play. I don't know how to use this yet, but I know what happened when I got free games from it, that I couldn't have got if I didn't have RPG Maker VX Ace. This is an awesome game engine, and is said to be free of certain bugs from it's earlier counter part, which was also said to be exceptionally fun to own. :DI suggest that you know what you're doing when you buy this, I didn't, but I love this merchandise. It's worth it's weight and gold and if I knew how to make games of my own with it, it would be even a lot better."
,Recommended,220700,10315021,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Kohnka,Its hard to use but the end product is worth it!
,Recommended,220700,10317769,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Swaggy,This makes the programming-free life a reality!RPG Maker VX Ace is the best RPG maker for games of all sizes kind of like Pokemon (which I don't play) and Mario and Luigi: Superstar Saga. This is one of the best things I've ever tested. I give this a 9.5 out of 10!
76561197961941654,Recommended,220700,10317781,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Veiran,"Potential for greatness, though I have yet to fully explore it yet. I would highly recommend giving it a try at its current price! (i.e. $17.50)"
,Recommended,220700,10317903,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Righty,"easy to use, hard to master"
,Recommended,220700,9409584,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Shalvazeer,"This is the best way to get started at game design and development. With the RPG Maker VX Ace Steam Workshop, you can get music titlesets made by other users, make sure their royalty free and credit them if you are making a game to sell. RPG Maker VX Ace is awesome and is easy to pick up and learn. But it is hard to master (for me anyway). With a character maker built in, many objects to use right from the start. I give RPG Maker VX Ace a 9.7/10. Hope you make a game."
76561198081957571,Recommended,220700,9441340,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Fluffy,"Although it can be hard at times and some things seem impossible, it's overall super easy to make characters and events. Some ideas in the future would be more character sprites and options"
,Recommended,220700,9402732,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,SxBxNightHawk,"This is a great and simple tool for anyone that wants to create an RPG. Anyone can create a game using this, and it's especially great if you've never designed one before. I haven't spent really a whole lot of time on this yet, but just going through it for a few minutes, I've noticed that there are a lot of different tools to use. Excited when I finally get a game done using this."
,Recommended,220700,9406825,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Dr. Thunder,Amazing. This is one of the best game creators out there. Only downside is that price tag. I would just wait till it goes down a bit then buy it. Other then that. I really liked this.
,Recommended,220700,9407841,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,DatBoi,"Made Some Sweet Games On Here Ey, before it was on steamhavent been using it much atm because busy standbying for titanfall"
,Recommended,220700,5650498,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,BlueAizu21,"It really lives up to its slogan; it's simple enough that even a child can make a fully-functional game, but complex enough that a more experienced user can make retail-quality games... all by theirself, even! Even if you're not an artist or programmer, you can still make games thanks in part to this easy-to-use program. There's even a very lively community on the company's forums if you're looking for pre-made coding scripts, artists, and even just game ideas (and games that other people made, too)!RPG Maker VX Ace comes with pre-made characters, tilesets, sound effects, music, background ambiance, and loads more right out of the box (err, icon). And like I said before, if you're unable to make assets yourself, there's a character generator and a very lively community of programmers offering their scripts free of charge (just be sure to get their permission before using them commercially)! People looking to make big budget, graphically intensive games with complex online infrastructures will have to look elsewhere, but if you've always wanted to make a good SNES/GBA era RPG but don't have much experience, there's no better place to cut your teeth than here."
,Recommended,220700,9574277,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Spymaster777,"RPG Maker VX Ace is the first rpg maker version I have used. I found the program very simple to navigate and use. Making characters is a breeze with their character creator and creating maps are very easy. No programming is required and almost anyone can make a fun, simple game with this program. If you want to do something that the program doesnt already have, RPG maker has a scripting sub-program so you can add your own content and events using the Ruby programming language, but it is not required. Over all, I highly reccomend RPG maker."
,Recommended,220700,9484884,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ONI,"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 280 hours and counting.Good for beginners, great for pros."
76561198101662194,Recommended,220700,10689861,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tex,Hard as a crumpet to use and will question your sanity.10/10 would do again
,Recommended,220700,22194701,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,mxxn,The software is easy-to-use and has a lovely art
,Recommended,220700,22228338,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Qw3rty_,"It's really good, and fun to play arround with. But i don't think its really worth the price ($69.99) so i suggest you wait for a sale to get it."
,Recommended,220700,22209085,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Vincent29301,"Lots to learn, Lots to code, Lots of fun!"
76561198055153107,Recommended,220700,22096140,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Hugh Mungus,OH MY GOD I LOOOVE iT!!!!
76561197970548005,Recommended,220700,22183771,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Reaperman,"This is a very versatile engine. It has the ability to do JRPG's, US RPG's and depending on your skills can make pretty much any kind of game that uses layers and tilesets. I have made a space shooter using it and a strat turn based game. You can customize anything and everything. It uses Ruby as its base language, which if you never coded before it is a farely decent and easier language to pick up. There is tons of community support and scripts you can borrow as long as you give credit, enjoy it is a lot of fun!!"
,Recommended,220700,22278170,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Nyuu,Fun and easy to use! Tutorials abound if you get stuck on something.
,Recommended,220700,22061605,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Poppo,sometimes it's easysometime's it's hardsometimes it makes u proudsometime's it makes u regret why u waste ur money
76561198051740153,Recommended,220700,22045568,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Etheru,"I was making a review of this, but then got pulled back into making a game.This program is like crack."
76561198082966946,Recommended,220700,22045618,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Dunning–Kruger effect,This RPG Maker is Awesome!
76561198138746140,Recommended,220700,22096928,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Daisuke of OZ,"I never thought I'd have so much fun cobbling together a game like this, but this software is truly amazing, the level of difficulty/customization is literally whatever you decide to make it, it comes with a good variety of assets and maps or you can make up completely new content! I love it!"
,Recommended,220700,22074863,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Xcellorator,Very good program for starters in game designing!
,Recommended,220700,22239594,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Darkerfrosty,"Alright. I played with this program a bit and loved it bit of course, as in every single game/software, there are things I don't like about it, and things that are really fun about it.Positive argument: I love the endless possibilities of customization. It is true in the trailer, there are really endless possibilities.Negative argument: If you don't know how to script, you are probably not going to enjoy the game as much as someone who knows how to script because There are some things a scripter can modifiy (that are quite important to me) that a non-scripter cannot modify. Of course you can get free scrpits online, but they are never as customized as when you do it yourself.To conclude this nice little review, I would like to tell you that in my opinion: this is a game to buy (I wouldn't buy all RPG Makers but just one in my opinion). For game creators that are intimidated by coding, this is pretty nice, and I recommend it."
,Recommended,220700,22199718,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ニノミ姫,"I absolutely love this software. At first I was a little bit confused, but quickly got used to how the software works. I'm having a blast just making my own little towns and dungeons, being able to have bad jokes with townspeople, and much more. I definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,220700,22104756,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,CoolBro,Very fun to make games with. Not so bad in terms of quality. 9/10
76561198102310889,Recommended,220700,22035152,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,LostWarrior,"This program is exactly what the description says. It has so much potential, I love it, but a warning, you need to be able to keep on going and not give up, which makes loads of people ignore these types of software. I got it on a sale, so you should probably look out for it when it is on a sale. These types of software need patience, and as long as you have that, you can never get enough them."
76561198114667836,Recommended,220700,22030264,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,St.Darius,"very simple , very good !"
76561198041661172,Recommended,220700,22030665,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Kalius Aurelius,Awesome and faily easy to use. Lots of helpful tutorials all over the internet
,Recommended,220700,22023227,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Icarus,Incredible ! A game creator that is easy to use and quick to testplay .Pros- Easy to useFastGreat CommunityCons-Hard to editScripting is neccesary to make a good game
,Recommended,220700,22066479,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Meta Knight,This is an amazing software. it isnt too hard to use once you grab ahold of the ropes. i love this software! rpg maker mv is cool too.
76561198064266664,Recommended,220700,19291589,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Stiff Arms Dave,This software is fun and easy to use. It has many tools and options for you to use.
,Recommended,220700,19228819,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Aarquen,"Very good software. It's easy to learn and difficult to master. Its mechanics are simple, but you can create a really sofisticated game with all the resources available.  If you want more, you can download more resources on the internet and on the Steam DLCs.It has everything you'll need to make a decent RPG.10/10"
,Recommended,220700,19207691,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Phoenix,"RPG Maker VX Ace is a very nice game creator, and I strongly reccomend it to those who cannot code.PROS:Very nice character customization.Easy to script and fun to useNO CODING!!!Easily used Item/Weapon CreationCONS:Frontview battles only, unless you take the time to find a SideView Plugin (If your looking for SideView then check out RPG Maker MV)Tiles used for maps tend to get boring and repetetive.Some Events are not working correctlyHard to use (for begginers) plugin system."
,Recommended,220700,19404076,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,NinjaMan,It is better than its predecessor in every way. Only catch is you will need to wait on the new Plugin system to get some plugins before this can really start to shine. However this has so much more potential than the predecessors ever did.
,Recommended,220700,19355999,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,freedomthroughblood,"a friend gave me a copy of this game years ago that wasnt on steam. I enjoyed it and decided that I wanted to buy it myself  and with the sale going now it was a perfect chance, I also grabed a few of the DLC's.I like the map making of the older version (XP) and the events maping of it a bit more too, but this one has more versitilty from what Ive heard especialy with the DS.I would love MV Im sure but dont have the money for it.Ither way I cant wait to learn how to use the program more and maybe even try to get a game greenlit!"
76561198077799568,Recommended,220700,9109394,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Wolf Man Dan,"A long awaited idea of making my own game, a simple thought became a complex management of events and programming in this amazing 2D RPG platform game making software. To be able to import my own music, images, movies and tilesets, there are endless possibilities."
,Recommended,220700,19412681,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,The Suspect Gamdom.com,When you starting it is♥♥♥♥♥♥but when you find out you can add custom textures and music it was great.
76561198075825180,Recommended,220700,19454559,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,WaterJupiter,Spent 80% of my playtime making funny faces in the character model editor10/10
76561198166612540,Recommended,220700,19592103,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Lisa-chan,I sure hope I could make games.
,Recommended,220700,19574914,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,kidthunderproductions,Excellent if you're new to game development and definitely for indie gaming.
,Recommended,220700,3453240,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,wm.reeves,"I've always wanted to play with this, but never really made the time for the free version for whatever reason.  I probably should have, but I got it on sale, and that pushed me to play with it.  The assets right out of the box are actually very useful, and you can do a lot with them.  The rpgmakerweb tutorials are pretty useful, and helps with some of the less intuitive aspects (though the tutorial is for a slightly different version, so some slight translation is needed).  I've jumped the gun a bit, made some of my own monsters, and am not following the story they laid out, but mimicing their structure...  so far, it's working well.  I'm not deep into it, and what I have is pretty and fun to play with.  I will modify this reccomendation in the future if it goes wrong or unexpectedly wonderfly, but even now, it's a nice design exercise, a fun toy, and can let you do a lot of basic storytelling and play design."
,Recommended,220700,19181198,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,LiquidGyro,It's a bit simple and does things well and some things not. I'd recommend getting it on sale like I did. And watching tutorials is needed
76561198094025821,Recommended,220700,19599665,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,kerrigansaila,"This is the absolute perfect software for anyone who wishes to delve into game design. The price point is amazing. You can even get it on sale as low as 10 dollars occasionally. And the DLC assets are all very high quality, royalty free, and also very reasonably priced.I see a lot of reviews complaining about restrictions in this program. I don't feel restricted at all. The point of creating is to be resourceful. If you're feeling restricted in a game developing software, it's most likely your fault.Before this program, the only thing I knew about designing games was dragging and dropping a sackboy in Little Big Planet.The resolution IS small, however that is intentional. This game's tilesets are the standard size for almost any JRPG, making it so much simpler when seeking out resources online. I've grown to like it. It's simple, and I don't feel overwhelmed when creating for it.The community is thriving, helpful, and supportive.I can now script in ruby, and I honestly saw this as my biggest barrier to being a game developer.However, I can't say I recommend this to someone who is attempting to make their first game a non rpg. While it's possible, I can't say I recommend using RPG maker for a shooter. Use common sense.However, for telling stories (even making small movies), visual novels, and (obviously) RPGs of any genre, I have nothing but good things to say. :]"
,Recommended,220700,19659164,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,GameBlaze,"This is AMAZING. It allows you to create so many unique RPGs, all in a simple design."
76561198048402861,Recommended,220700,19703026,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,The PSI Cherry,THIS>IS>GOOD<
76561197998858090,Recommended,220700,1852290,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,Cappie King,"Wow, talk about amazing!"
,Recommended,220700,19557544,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Orochius,"I edited a game about a golden bear robot wanting debauchery, by adding The Reaper with a Robotnik head as a superboss.He has a 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999 damage certain hit nuke that fires from his pingas revolvers.10/10. 100/100."
76561198144861086,Recommended,220700,19554514,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,SpookyGenji908,"This is a very good program. It has beautiful visuals, easy to learn but hard to master. One problem I have is if your computer crashes you can't load the game you were making. This would be a big bug to fix and would be a great help to us game devs. 8/10 👍👍👍"
76561197993977002,Recommended,220700,19473061,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Pixel Crawler,"If you ever wanted to make your own game, this is the software to use. Verry user friendly GUI and... they add all the visuals for you. the interface for adding new tiles and actions or anything is really easy, and if you are a more advanced user who is familiar with Ruby, they let you enter your own code as well to add your personal flare on things. I love the posotive feedback i get from my stream as well. They seem to love it, and it is easy to go into the game to test weather or not something you just tried works, and if not; exit the game, the editor is still up and running, change/modify, retest."
,Recommended,220700,949740,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Captain Schiavo,"Awesome program to create your own rpg style video games. Easy enough for the simple use, but advanced enough for those who like to hash it out on scripts and programming. Great community with new ideas coming out every day"
,Recommended,220700,24717508,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,EDTMGamer|#Bruh,"Extreme versatility, quality graphics, easy-to-use making. These are only 3 of the BILLIONS of positives. Keep it up!"
76561198035073119,Recommended,220700,24719453,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Izac,"Would 10/10 reccomend. I managed to snag it on a sale a few years ago, and I'm glad that I did because it's still $69.99. xDAnyways, it's very versatile and doesn't require much foreknowledge of software tools like it. I've made short ""games"" with it and have been very impressed with what evenIcan do with it. Plus, the workshop and various sites on the web have plenty of extra resources if you know how to find/use them (just watch out for royalties). It seems complicated at first, but after a while I feel like it's pretty straightforward all things considered. So if you're looking for some game-making software, RPG Maker VX Ace is one your best bets. MX is out now, but don't ask me about it. I'm too broke to afford it in the first place.tl;dr:nice, powerful, simple, boom."
76561198164048155,Recommended,220700,24072992,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Dusk Wolf,"It's great. I havent used the newst RPG maker, but this one is great. Don't use steam cloud to save. You will mess it up if you use to much DLC, or even just a bit. Also it won't let you make a big game if you want to make a big game in RPG Maker. So other then NOT saving your work on steam cloud it is worth the buy."
76561198152285780,Recommended,220700,24068469,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,cosgray1196,Though it is a challange to learn at first it is easy to master once you get the hang of it. This software is alot of fun and Iactually feel like I'm making something fantastic with it.
,Recommended,220700,30801979,Posted: 28 March,all,Kalelf,This is The Best Game-Making Tool I Have Ever Used! It's Great for Beginners AND for Experts!9.5/10
,Recommended,220700,23957078,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dofu,"How to make a cool, fully fledged game.Spend a few hours using this softwareSpend a few hundred hours using this software"
,Recommended,220700,23970335,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jsnipes,Great love it already and i will continue using this!
76561198141967531,Recommended,220700,14063203,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Rai Dreemurr,"It has some good improvements compared to RPG Maker XP what I did use before.For those of you that can't decide which one to play, I'll list this up very easy:+ You can use Facesrpites next to your text messages to make it clear who is talking- This should also be possible on XP with scripts++ You got thet sweet character creator to make Overworld- and Facesprites. For those of us who can't sprite that's an awesome feature to use whenever needed.+ It's easier to play around with database, events and scripts+ There are some epic scripts out in the world to increase fighting, features (skilltree, daytime, HP bars and everythig else you can imagine)+/- XP probably got those too, but they wont get updated anymore becuz most focus on the newer ones- The mapping is rediculous. It's harder to create tilesets (till you get used to it), if you deleate a chunk you have to restart that bit, becuz there are no more (cant find the english word) ... eh... XP was devided into A, B, C and you could edit them without deleating the other layer(?)- The price is stupid- The DLCs cost even more and got no good / not much new content (from what I read in the forum, I did not try myself)-> Just in case VX Ace goes down to 7 Euro again - that's when I bought mine - it is totally worth it's money.In all other cases I would say: Get yourself XP, it got almost all features that VX ace got, easier mapping and doesnt cost that much."
,Recommended,220700,23941225,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Cheraids,♥♥♥♥ing 11/10
,Recommended,220700,24119838,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Triangulum,"Awesome, I think this is way worth however much is costs. I got the 20 day trial for the newer one and I like this one way more. 1337/420 wud do stuf agin"
,Recommended,220700,24171938,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Boritoz109,I like the pixels
,Recommended,220700,26185491,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,zombieguy90,"3X better than RPG maker 2003.Simply put:I would lose all my games in the games library just to save this piece of software, if I had to."
76561198133116436,Recommended,220700,26196910,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,jace1234567,"you know what i really love? manualy importing my DLC's yeah its the best thing ever, i mean... you could make it like regular games where the DLC's get added to the right files and are ready to play/use but this is so much better, i get to hunt down 10 DLC's that i purchased and play a guessing game when i try to plug them into the folders."
76561198332892582,Recommended,220700,26201233,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,GreaterMonkey,"Great, easy to use RPG making program."
,Recommended,220700,26218543,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,frederikmichaelsen,Easy to use. Able to make a good game.
76561198339559610,Recommended,220700,26192552,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,TAK,"im so lucky it was on sale for $7, 90 percent sale means geat software, lmao. Joking aside, this software is amazing!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,220700,26170610,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Z E N T Y,"It only takes a small portion of your time to learn how to make your own game, this is the tool you should get if you are thinking about making video games. This has made me think like a programmer and that can help me make more advanced games in engines like Unity."
,Recommended,220700,26193959,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Vincent,got it for 6.50!Great software tho!
76561198000986139,Recommended,220700,26226469,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Zerech,This is awesome!
,Recommended,220700,30907522,Posted: 2 April,all,Scherk Boi,I have no clue how to do anything besides make and save sprites that I can transfer to Gamemaker.10/10 would create own sprites in minutes to my own specifications again.
,Recommended,220700,17933206,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ness,"I almost pirated it. I almost did. I wanted this software for a particularly long time. I always did love RPGs; and I always loved game design, so when someone told me the same line of software used to make games like Yume Nikki, Five Nights at ♥♥♥♥boy's, OFF, Barbeque Quest among many other great RPGs was in circulation; I lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥with excitement.The price label is high, but the reward is worth it. I worked in RPGMaker 2003 before this, let me tell you, moving to RPGMVXA was the greatest single decision I've made. It's far superior, and that's to be expected I guess.I love VXA. It's simple at first with a learning curve that's reasonable, fast and easy to adapt to. With any RPGMaker program, in my opinion it's really fun to work in due to how simple or complex you can make things. It's perfectly adaptable to certain people's programming and learning styles. I haven't completed any major projects with it; but it's a load of fun, even when you're physically coding in Ruby.Now on that whole ""VXA vs. XP"" debate; personally while VXA isn't perfect by any stretch of the imagination, personally I prefer using it over XP. I don't know what it is about it, there's just something I like more about it. Really though the XP vs. VXA debate is personal prefrence, I own both so it doesn't really matter in my case, but I don't use it enough to really tell you much about it; and they are very similar so I guess it's a matter of what style of games you're looking to make.Is it better than 2003? Yes. Is it better than XP?... Well I'll leave that up to you. All I can say is, RPGMaker VX is well worth your money, your time and your ability. It's just as the labels tell you, simple enough for a child, powerful enough for a professional.If you're absolutely sure you want to go into RPG game design, get RPGMakerVX, it's great, it really is."
76561198085962443,Recommended,220700,17931586,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,matthewjknight,"how to explain RPG Maker VX Ace? you dont have to, it is an RPG Maker, you know... Roleplaying game maker? probably better then XP (please dont hate me) and gonna be better then MV, also it comes with some great musichighlights includeBattle 5Theme 4town 1field 1also a built in charecter generator (which clearly isnt as good as game charecter hub but still gets the job done)so really why the hell are you still reading this review? GET OUT THERE AND MAKE SOME GAMES!"
,Recommended,220700,18000326,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Deadpool,"A great program for aspiring developers. Takes a while to get a hang of all the commands, but once you've got them down it's incredibly easy to develop large parts of a game. I would recommend this to anyone who either wants to make a full game, or just waste a few hours building something fun.9/10"
,Recommended,220700,18081320,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,SephiaSky,Easy to use. There are alot of  howtos tutorial videos in youtube and you can get helphttp://forums.rpgmakerweb.com/site. All for free. You can buy DLC to customize your sprites and game music to your theme.NEWBIE ALERT!DO NOT BUT THAT LUNA ENGINE DLC UNLESS YOU KNOW HOW TO CODE.  ITS NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY ANYWAY.
,Recommended,220700,13802573,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pac-Man,"Simple enough for a child, powerful enough for commercial game development.Fun, Rewarding and Highly recommended!Press F1 once you install and launch the software to read the manual and make sure to checkout all the great community forums out there."
,Recommended,220700,13805358,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Madmoiselle Riley,"Dosent matter how you make it, its what you make ."
,Recommended,220700,23288124,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,なかの23,"Good is not the correct rating one should give this.RPG Maker is a good program to make rpg games or visual novels, butthis one have a character creator and support to modifications.Beside this one's modifications are not as powerfull as XP and VX, and the characters are againsmall, this program can allow you to make a game with less the effort you would make creatingone programming it from zero.The only downside currently, is that the battle system may make one sick if played for too long."
,Recommended,220700,22372347,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,TheDingöGuy,"Yeah, it's okay. I dunno. 10/10"
76561198042322398,Recommended,220700,22363645,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,forrestlackey,"So far this version has more to offer than XP, which is welcome, but it's also a little less straight forward. Also, it has easier access to quality DLC-for a price-where as XP supposedly has a bunch but you'll never find the things!!!!In truth, I would recommend you get XP when it's cheap to start with, to get some practice, so when you buy RPG Maker VX Ace, some of the workings of it are easier to use and you'll appreciate the extra stuff it does more. Putting things on the  map in VX Ace, although fine, gives you a little less control than with XP. Still, it has more to offer and you can customize it better to be Sci Fi or horror instead of generic fantasy. However, I have to warn about 2 things:1) The DLC can be a bit expensive, so if you want a sci fi or horror, you'd better be committed2) Getting the DLC can muck up your VX Ace just a little bit. Like it still works, but with me when I try to save my progress....well, let's just say I used to be able to save it in 2 secs just by clicking the icon, but now everytime I save my work on VX Ace after I got the DLC.....it freezes up and crashes for a minute. Oh, I can still use it, everything else seems to be ok, but as of now, saving your progress takes like 3 minutes instead of 3 seconds. It's kind of annoying.If you can get this on a steam sale and have had a bit of experience with XP, then it's probably worth it."
,Recommended,220700,22366244,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ダニエル,"Easy to use and very entertaining. You just need to be creative and keep on creating new things. If you are a beginner in RPGM VX Ace like me, I suggest u look for tutorials in youtube or in rpg maker website. Have fun!"
,Recommended,220700,22467912,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Salyr,"Absolutely the best program I have ever used.With so much customization and the easy to use database, the possibilities are endless!I adore how many different kind of games you can create. If you aren't a script whiz, you can simply use thebasic system to make basic rpg games, and horror games. You can add in your own sprites, animations, and soundtracksto make the creation all of your own.I highly recommend this program. Get it now!"
,Recommended,220700,22432140,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Flavoured Water,Very easy to use. Fun to use. Makes games.Wait untill it's on sale. BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,220700,22623292,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,BBSon John,A way to use my creativity :D
,Recommended,220700,22805690,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Remerant,A great piece of software but I'd recommend getting MV especially if you plan on coding as this uses Ruby and the new rpg maker MV uses Javascript
,Recommended,220700,22446556,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Vexxol,"Addictive, easy to use, incredible."
76561198198773201,Recommended,220700,22473017,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,antonius,its awsomelove it!!
76561198261338161,Recommended,220700,24197294,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,AdeptIllusionist,"Very well made, great UI for people who are new to this kind of things."
,Recommended,220700,24220342,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,A Formal Feline,this game is great i love it! but all of a sudden it wont work anymore. whenever i start the game up it freezes my computer for a bit and closes the game and steam. please help ;-;
,Recommended,220700,12129376,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Carbon,"Great software to buy and learn a few things and start making stuff hoping that you'll make something, only to find out that you don't, and never pick up again.10/10 tho"
76561198124534463,Recommended,220700,11924082,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Epsilon,"I have been using this software for quite some time now. I recently tried to use some workshop resources and when I had reached the limit of my cloud storage, I began to remove some of my older projects off of the cloud. Now every time I try and open up RPG Maker VX Ace, it won't open at all. it just shows the logo and nothing happens. Steam freezes up and crashes. I have to shut it all down with Task Manager. Sure its a good game making software but it is worthless if you can't even use it.*FIX: Apparently it was the Steam Cloud Storage that was crashing the software. I just bought some DLC, started up the RPG Maker VX Ace and boom, it works now... Pay to Play? Well, still not recommended..."
,Recommended,220700,24143292,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MPO,A comprehensive suite of tools that will fulfill next to all of your needs.  Often on sale at deep discount.
,Recommended,220700,20191924,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Papa Bear,"THIS GAME IS AMAZINGIt looks like so much fun, just a few minutes into the game was enough to really suck me into it hahaha. The only downside to this game is that everything can get really confussing for a first time player, but that's easily fixable since there are guides everywhere. I recommend that you check out this guide on youtubehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elfqKvLQZgQMy girlfriend is an RPG Maniac, I plan to make a game for her on our monthsary hahahaThis game is 100% worth it."
,Recommended,220700,20224880,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,mr_killroy,"Growing up I dreamed of making my own games, but at the time there was only one school that taught the skills needed  to do so and that was in Japan.  (Yes I'm old)  I picked up an RPG maker many years ago for my Playstation, but the ratio of time to results was rather unsatisfying due to having to do everything with the controller so I was unsure of getting this one.  It was well worth the investment.Interface is very plug and play.  I was able to start makin g maps right away.  I was even able to get my menmtally challenged daughter to help make me make maps on her own in minutes.  She loved it.  The level of difficulty in using this all depends on how difficult you want to make it.  You can make a simple game with no programming what so ever and very little experience.  There is a large amount of DLC to help customize your game,  The more you learn the more advanced you can make your game,  Fear not though, the community here is very helpful and willing to point you in the right direction.  I have learned much just listening to the discussions and the questions others are asking.If you are like me and have a story in your head that just needs to come out, this is a fantastic program to help get it out. Definately a must have."
76561198207676307,Recommended,220700,20225117,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sgt. Sleepy,I (as a dev) don't really like programing. RPG Maker is an great engine were programing is not needed to make an epic game!
,Recommended,220700,20241005,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Bleach Dealer,It's so easy to use!!! I love it!
76561198155085138,Recommended,220700,20221310,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LDial85,Great software for anyone wanting to explore basic video game creation.
76561198040859614,Recommended,220700,20227940,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Unpayedovertime,"First... Buy this program when it's on sale. That drop will save you money. ALOT.NOTE: This review is pure vanilla. No custom scripts are used, okay?Pros:+ Better than XP+ May be better than 2003+ Easy to use! Until you get to the custom scripts.+ Assets from RPG Maker VX (The regular one) can be used. Map data? No idea.Cons:- Battle system is bland- XP at least has ""Art""- Lacks side battle system like 2003.- The ""Border Text"" does not help you alot- I've ran into multiple errors along the way of dialoging and it's annoying to check in-game each time I make one.- The removal of the ""Resistance"" stats- I can no longer do ""Absorb elements"".- Sprite Face Generator is... a little off model.Rating: 4/5 - GET THIS SOFTWARE WHEN ITS ON SALE. The Full Cost is ****."
,Recommended,220700,20763220,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,Jammyfellow,"Although I've owned this game since the 24th of December 2013 but only have four hours playtime I still believe I can provide a reasonable review on the game and its pros and cons.Pros:- Very fun once you've got into it- Tons of settings to make your own game with its own twist- There's lots of guides out there to help you get started- You'll enjoy the freedom given to you as a creator- Regular updates are released to help stablise the game (issues, bugs and glitches are fixed frequently, though glitches and bugs aren't so common in my opinion and during my experiences)Cons:- Takes a while to get into the whole idea of the engine even with help from the numerous guides- The game is very loud and when I say loud, I mean VERY loud even when your volume is turned down low- The price is a bit of a off put as I bought it when it was twelve british pounds however if you've got the money to spend then its worth the money you've got to purchase it forOverall: Definitely worth the purchase but if you're not in any rush to get started, it would be best to wait for a steam sale as the price is much more higher than it was when I purchased it. It's difficult to get started but once you've got used to the software you're going to have a great time!"
76561198219090928,Recommended,220700,30362807,Posted: 6 March,all,SilverBane,"A great platform to create the game of your dreams!Well...within the limited objects you are given. :)There are certain tiles, characters, music, and enemies you have to pick. Although, if you have any basic drawing programs. (For example, I use Manga Studio and I've heard you can use GIMP--which is free!!), and a little bit of skill, you can draw your own characters and put it in the correlating file! Although, this is sometimes tricky, I have had *some* success while doing so. :3 I'm sure you can also find templates or tiles that have been done online that match your requirments to create your game! This is a moderately simple and fun gaming engine to work with, I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!"
76561198216377264,Recommended,220700,20815463,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Mjbutterzskinhub.com,Best Game Maker Ever for Beginner Game Makers!!!!! :)
,Recommended,220700,20732948,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Krick The Tot,Saving takes like 20 years but that's Steams Fault not RPG Maker VX Aces Fault
76561198105982315,Recommended,220700,20616263,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Sparkle Time Fedora,"This is an amaning software, I can make anything I want and however I want to do it.The only limit is your imagination."
,Recommended,220700,21690666,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,NatTheGnat,Amazing software!
,Recommended,220700,15508270,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Varalta,"RPG Maker VX Ace is a good software for development.If you're starting to get into this ""carrer""; of game development, RMVXA will be something that will support you a lot. At least, was what happened to me.You know, many people use that engine, it actually requires no programming stuff... but has limitations. You can create many things with RM! Of course you can, but it's not the many things you may create with Game Maker. They are different softwares. One have emphasis on RPG and the other one does not.I shall don't use this software anymore, because I need to ""open"" my mind for new things. As I said before, it's good. It's awesome... FOR BEGGINERS. Do not try to be a professional using it, because this will PROBABLY not end well.Anyway, I recommend it a lot. 8.7/10."
,Recommended,220700,21695624,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Bubblius Elle,I absolutely love this
,Recommended,220700,21698636,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kimobits,"I don't have a lot of hours spent on this, but I've been able to make some really short interesting games for a few of my friends. It's relatively easy to learn and get used to. You don't need to learn a lot of Ruby to get far into the creative process, but it helps to learn a bit to really expand your game's potential. The base art and the sprite/character face generator are fun to use. The overall community that uses this program are amazing with their creations. I definitely recommend this for anyone who wants to create an RPG but doesn't necessarily know coding."
,Recommended,220700,26960741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zack Lokhart,"A very nice tool to make RPG Games, Very recommended"
,Recommended,220700,26725866,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Lolikerz,"This software is honestly pretty good, it reminds me of RPGXP but is much better and versatile. The concept is great and I love it so far. I only have one request, that I believe could be taken into consideration of the makers of this, that there should be a 3d version of this to keep up with the gaming market of today. However, this still is a great software and I can't wait for them to make other versions of this, besides MV (MV is awesome!!!)"
76561197987714795,Recommended,220700,26740969,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,oner,"So far I have had a great time building my game, and I have been learning the script with youtube videos.  I have not got into the advanced stuff yet like making my own sprites and using gimp or photoshop for things but the basic stuff is easy to work with for now as I am still learning.I am still having trouble importing sprites I found online or the DLC's from steam its a little confusing.I give it 8/10 so far.  I am hoping to make a good enough rpg to sell on steam for cheap one day."
76561198097112090,Recommended,220700,26741211,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,JoJoke,"got it on sale, probably the best time to get it."
76561198091643295,Recommended,220700,26208196,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,大智,CHINESE PLZ
,Recommended,220700,24231518,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,thomson463,"Great! its a fun game making program to create amazing games, and its so simple!"
76561198264742452,Recommended,220700,23408245,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,jayluvzmetal,"This Was An Awesome Software To Play Around With, I Always Dreamed Of Making An Rpg And Thanks To This Software I Can Get The Job Done With No Experience Required!Would Recommend!"
76561198074363253,Recommended,220700,23120633,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,心の氷,"RPG Maker VX Ace is a rather simple software. With little or no use of scripting and advanced programming, this software is an excellent choice for beginners who would want to get involved in the game development buisness. The program has a small selection of tilesets, music and other game elements, which would be necessary if you want to create something simple. There is an importation feature which allows you to import your very own content! This gives you a great lot of possibilities! If you find this this software usefull, you might be able to make a profit of your product as well! Or maybe you just need to express your own creativity for your friends and family. RPG Maker has helped me a lot throughout the years, and I am sure it will do the same for you!"
,Recommended,220700,23368064,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,HetaliaAmore,"I love making RPGs with this, I learned the basics pretty quickly and made 2 games with it."
76561198081371819,Recommended,220700,23373161,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"Interesting engine, a lot of stuff is hard coded in it or not easily adjusted, if your trying to do something other than a classic rpg you might want to look elsewhere or at the newer version.If you just want to be able to make a simple classic rpg for yourself and don't know much about scripting/coding/art/animation/etc this is really easy to setup and get started.As for scripting in ruby. I made a couple simple puzzle playtests and a stealth system for it without knowing any ruby before hand, its pretty easy to pickup if you have some coding experience."
76561198099020347,Recommended,220700,23312029,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Renoah Lockhart,"I was very noobish at first(and still a noob at that), but when I start reading tutorials and other methods, it became really easy and fun to create my own rpg game."
,Recommended,220700,23297441,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,General Cap,"Plan on using this over the course of the summer, right now it seems all right, but perhaps some of the menus can be really confusing, especially when it comes to content importation. I have MV as well, but I plan on using this one more than MV because I heard that sprites were more easy to edit and work with (not that MV is a bad program though)"
76561198116175145,Recommended,220700,23335612,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,ElizaJane,"Wonderful softwear for anyone who wants to get a foot in and attempt to put a game together. Great for creative and or game loving kids also, although it can be hard to use if theyre too too young. If you can imagine it, you can probably make a little rpg out of it with this and a DLC or two. There are guides and many youtube videos to help you figure out how to use it and get a project you\'ll be happy with started."
76561198293539821,Recommended,220700,23149256,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,alexisrosemc,It's awesome! The only thing is the help menu isn't that helpful and i there's some stuff that's hard to figure out unless u wanna spend quite some time searching through everything. Besides that i totally recommend!
,Recommended,220700,23259641,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,NYNzrin,"Still working on a game.5 weeks later, still working on it because procrastination.10/10 would procrastinate again.But still, this engine is quite good, and with the huge arrays of addon scripts in and out of the Steam Workshop, this engine could break a lot of ground. Sure MV is great, but VX Ace has a lot of varieties thanks to the community. :3"
76561198292502599,Recommended,220700,22755068,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Senfrence,Works very well.
76561198202036036,Recommended,220700,30773445,Posted: 27 March,all,Tar-sama,"I wish VXAce can also turns to browser games like MV, any new update please?"
,Recommended,220700,22712938,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,PeaceLight,"RPG Maker VX Ace ReviewPros:+ User Friendly+ Importing tilesets, pictures, character, and music are a lot easier to do.+ Workshop Support+ Beautiful Visuals+ Option to run at 60 fps+ Good for making simple JRPG games.+ Commercial license are free after buying the program.Cons:- Can't change screen resolution. It's locked at 640x480.- Tiles are locked to 32x32- No Tile Layers- Scripting is not user friendly. (Only if you know ActionScripting well enough.)- It's expensive- It's very restrictive what you can do.- Downgrade to RPG Maker XP- $1100 of DLCOverall:If you can handle the locked resolution. RPG Maker VX Ace is good for making simple JRPG for beginners, but if your planning to make something advance. I would not recommend it. Only if you have experience with scripting and have enough money to buy resource pack.7.5/10"
,Recommended,220700,8289356,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,SBZ,"RPG Maker VX Ace is probably one of the best RPG Making Softwares you can use. It includes a DataBase for easy access to creating unique classes, enemies, actors, animations, etc. It also includes a DataManager where you can edit already inserted sprites, and also import your own unique sprites.I have been using RPG Maker VX Ace for 5 months, and bought it last month. It is worth the whatever priced is labeled. If you see it at 17$, then get it right away.RPG Maker VX Ace also allows you to edit the script, in the RUBY Coding language (If that is how you say it).RPG Maker VX Ace also allows you to make different genre of games in the 8-Bit format, from Horror, to action side scrollers.This software is the best thing you will find for making retro style games, with a modern taste.I seriously recommend you buy this software right now, without hesitation.It also includes DLC, for people who are not as experienced in making custom sprites, or composing there on soundtracks.[For People on 12/25/13, at 9:53 P.M.] You got 12 hours and 9 Minutes to get this for 17.49, so you better buy it fast!"
,Recommended,220700,8289702,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Deckolo,"While I've barely even scratched the surface of this software's capabilities, it has already been a great experience. The tools are simple and easy to use, and there are plenty of online guides to teach you how to use certain tools. The sheer amount of customization for everything, from the world to characters, is amazing."
,Recommended,220700,8290024,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Shuriken44,Great For Games!
,Recommended,220700,8323422,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jacklancet,Let us just put it this way...I love this game and have started several games that I really need to finish before I die
,Recommended,220700,8325952,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sand Tan,"Ever Wanted To Make Your Own Horror, Adventure, Romance Or Fantasy Game? This Programme Will  Turn Your Ideas In To A Solid RPG. 8.7/10"
76561198011913335,Recommended,220700,8412680,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[Gents] Berjiphery,Get it now so you can spend hours working on something you'll never finish.
,Recommended,220700,8416934,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Aris_Undatia,Awsome And fun to play with.
,Recommended,220700,8422576,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rotary Blaze,RPG Maker is a great tool for entry level video game design or even programming. Using this tool helped me understand more complex engines like Unity and Unreal.
76561198024305030,Recommended,220700,8402825,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Vuna Patootie,"Extremely easy to use, and greatly rewarding once you figure out how everything works."
76561198046749587,Recommended,220700,8404171,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,N8C8XX,"A very easy software to use to make a potentially huge game. My only trifle is the price. I got it when it was on sale, and so should you."
76561198063251179,Recommended,220700,6300996,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,grymm,"If you're a fan of old-style RPGs, like the originakl Final Fantasy, or Chronotrigger, and you've always wanted to try your hand at making a similar game, this is definitely for you.  Simple to learn and use to basics, with more advanced techniques available."
76561197993645133,Recommended,220700,8321694,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,yung silver,"Wow, amazing"
76561198046607781,Recommended,220700,8304815,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,UmbraCharon,Got this during the steam holiday sale for $17.50. So glad that i did too. this programm is well worth the full $70 dollars it normally costs.It's simple GUI lets begginers to learn the ropes while being able to make some really complicated statements at the same time. With customs scrips you can almost do any thing you can think of within the game.
,Recommended,220700,28733352,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,amtapx,This is a great tool for entry level game design. I love that somebody with little experience can easily make a simple yet fun/functional project. However if you really want to take the time to learn ruby (or already know what you're doing) you can some pretty advanced things. No programming knowledge necessary (really) but this is anything but mindless. It takes a lot of time and effort to make something truly spectacular but that's also what makes it so satisfying!
,Recommended,220700,15090915,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,David Ekberg-Persson,wati like rpg maker
,Recommended,220700,28921684,Posted: 1 January,all,boyflea,"OMG - this is such a cool thing! Really enjoyable, bit clunky, but fairly intuitive with a terrific fanbase and helpful online support.Ok, yes, there is a new version to get: but this was on a ridiculously cheap sale, so well worth the investment.Anyway, completely hooked."
76561198042565909,Recommended,220700,28702433,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Night,"I've only put about 6 hours into this so far, and I can already tell I'm going to enjoy using this 'game' quite a bit.The workshop, combined with everything included in RPG Maker, gives you more options for game creation that you can possibly think up. Not only that, but if you (or a friend) are talented at drawing/art, you have a nearly endless potential with this software.Personally, I'm a writer who gets bored of writing books, and a programmer who gets bored of programming. RPG Maker is going to be my in-between that lets me get the best of both worlds, keeping me from being anywhere near as bored, as I watch results leap onto my screen.Oh, right, and I'd recommend it. Especially with the Steam Sale going on right now."
76561198350493547,Recommended,220700,28947597,Posted: 2 January,all,tamamamaster,this is a cool game but I need some help on adding sprites to it and I also need help adding the retro old school pack and I also want to ad music to this game and I want to make a Zootopia RPG but it's a cool RPG Maker I just need some tutorials on making rpgs to get great at itanyway I do wish that they would update this game and have side battles added and I wish they would d a patch to this game to make RPG making easier for this it's kind of complicated but anyway this is a cool game making program I do wish there was a beat em up maker and a fighter maker so I can make a Zootopia Beat Em and I also want to make my own fighting game but they need to ad something that makes it easier to create games for casual gamers and casual guys who want to make gamesI recommend this game to people of certain kinds who want to make an RPG
76561198136344921,Recommended,220700,28894919,Posted: 1 January,all,ICH DIE,"I am coming up with  my new RPG GAME, im so ready for it and working hard! i loved this software that giving me chance to make my own game! RPG Forever! keep in touch to know about my game!"
76561198272979185,Recommended,220700,29017172,Posted: 4 January,all,Unownedavatar,"I love using this software so far. It's helping me create  game based on ideas from me and my friends that we have been thinking up for years. It's going to be a long time before it's finished, and several long hours wwill need to be put into it, but I'm glad I have this to help make it easier. Some of the things in it, I still need to learn how to use, but other than that, I highly recommend."
,Recommended,220700,31000017,Posted: 7 April,all,Spideymon77,"Just so you know, I didn't get this for free but I got it on a Steam sale for dirt cheap. Like... 1 or 2 dollars.This software is really fun to use. I got the demo and made a massive game out of it. I wanted to continue but the demo didn't let me make more rooms. I got this, started editing my game again, and added things the demo didn't let me add.Absolutely fun. This is a HUGE investment though. Make sure you know what you want to do with it before buying the full thing. I recommend checking the demo out beforehand.Describe this Software in one word - Creative"
76561198315504885,Recommended,220700,31944666,Posted: 24 May,all,Monkeymeister,"RPG Make VX Ace is my favorite game creating platform that I have ever used. It has a simplistic interface and event system, making it easy for newcomers to adapt to. My one large concern is price. This tool is very costly, but for all the content offered, I think that it is reasonable."
,Recommended,220700,31985214,Posted: 26 May,all,broody-elf-ears,"I've never written a review on steam before, but after putting over 18 days worth of hours into this thing I thought maybe I should, haha.Having absolutely NO experience developing any sort of video game I bought this on a whim when my friend told me it was on sale. I was instantly consumed with learning how to work the thing. It's interesting, because it does the literal language coding for you, but you still have to put the sentances together. Sort of like not knowing a language but having a dictionary and a vague idea of the grammar structure. Map by map, event by event, I understood more and more how to communicate what I wanted to the computer. HOURS of trial and error.But eventually it all starts to really come together and I started doing cooler and cooler things. Neat puzzles and push blocks and mazes and timed races, personality quizzes, you name it. I'd challenge myself by picturing a scene, what would be REALLY cool if it happened in that scene and then spending six hours figuring out how to pull it off. (I'm a fan of the dramatic so I've pulled off some real harrowing cutscenes for a pixel style game like this hahaha).It only exports to Windows and that sucks, and since it's older than MV there aren't as many cool scripts and no one is updating them anymore. There aren't as many tileset options as MV and the tile boxes are smaller which kinda sucks. But it goes on sale more and depending on how professional you want to get with this it works just fine. Plus, it comes with LOADS of preset and balanced abilities, weapons, monsters, heroes and classes, which is nice for beginners (took me ages to figure out how to balance a good battle system). It's easy to customize and it has a good ""Create a character/sprite"" sort of function. And BEST it's fairly user friendly in that if you hover your mouse over almost anything in the entire program it will give you at least a base explanation of what it is. 90% reason why I learned how to use it.A lot of people say it's only good for making run of the mill JRPG games but it just takes a little imagination to make it totally original. I made a game about a 6th grader and her main weapon was her blankie. Just put some thought into it."
,Recommended,220700,31783216,Posted: 16 May,all,Deoxir,"Spent 30 hours on compiling common events for an attribution point system, an advanced enemy encounter system, and a trade system. Then I got bored and never touched the thing at all. 10/10"
,Recommended,220700,31834441,Posted: 18 May,all,GamingNinja89,"It's very nice, and easy to use. It wasn't kidding with the 'Simple enough for a child. Powerful enough for a developer' thing. I like how we can add in more graphics, sounds, and scripts. Gives enough creativity and freedom with making RPGs."
,Recommended,220700,31812669,Posted: 17 May,all,LinuxSexTips,"Get this is you prefer the Ruby language, otherwise get MV if you prefer Javascript. The RM community is friendly and supportive on the forums, so you will always be able to get help. Don't let the video and screenshots fool you, you can achieve a lot more with some visual trickery and custom scripts. I would recommend using Krita 3 to create tiling sets and animations if you are looking for graphics editing software for custom graphics. Kek approves this message."
,Recommended,220700,31977677,Posted: 26 May,all,Prom-pom,Wish I could download it on Mac though
,Recommended,220700,31701119,Posted: 12 May,all,cambreaKer,Got it while it was on a sale.Rating: Totally Worth It/10
,Recommended,220700,31685555,Posted: 11 May,all,casey.eckman,I have enjoyed working with VX Ace and would recomend it alongside rpg maker MV as one to use. I do however have to point out something not with the game but with the DLC's. If you go down and scroll through them you will find the Wild West tilesets twice. I was also hoping that the pirate ship tileset which is currently only on the rpgmaker site could also be brought to steam.
,Recommended,220700,31928353,Posted: 23 May,all,Icuucme,I knew nothing about coding or making a game and this was super easy to use for someone with no experience. I'm having alot of fun with this. While you don't need to know coding to use this you can still code to add your own stuff.
,Recommended,220700,32063402,Posted: 30 May,all,Goom,its ok
,Recommended,220700,33256080,Posted: 4 July,all,lisajyp,"Sort of hard to work with because there's so many different functions, but that's what's good about it. No prior coding experience needed really. Once you learn the software and it's fuctions, you can create your own simple games. Hard, but rewarding and fun! Make and play your own games :)"
,Recommended,220700,33212790,Posted: 3 July,all,xndly,"make a game so you can play it and double the time spent / wasted. its all perspective in life thats what my mum told me. i am  hedging my bet she is right i am not yet 50 else i would be saying nice quotations that 's easily put into motion the actions that matter. this game is doing two wrongs to make a right .. very nice tiles mountainous terrain i can almost imagine myself in the shoe of this character, a gimp art masterpiece. i want to make dotted art too but my scroll wheel is stuck and im not about to buy a new mouse just to make a game to play a game which i made myself and no one else is playing this game i'm playing must be unique i must be proud for my hundred hour creation(s)."
76561198308148665,Recommended,220700,33386427,Posted: 8 July,all,Altis Spinax(Trading RL),"I've gotten multiple rpgmaker games on different platforms, but this one takes the cake."
,Recommended,220700,25805176,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MARIOGUY789,"Updated review 1/14/17:I would like to take a moment to update my review that was really close-minded.  I would like to say that I DO recommned this software if you want to get a start to developing games, as it is very good at giving you the basics, just look up some tutorials if you are lost, yes, I just said that, even though I criticizied the idea of having to spend hours of my time doing so in my old review.  Let me make myself clear, as I am now more attuned to how video game development works, yes, it is difficult, yes, it is time consuming, which is why we see independent game developers take years upon years to finish games that we want to see.  Some things that I didn't realize are how much time it takes to do the simplest of things when developing games or even more basic programs.  The assets that you are given to start out may be basic, but they took time and effort for someone to create, you didn't make these things, someone else had to give them to you for you to be able to even start.  While I have only made part of a very simple text-based game as of writing this review update, I can definitely see that I was wrong to say a lot of things that I did in my previous review.  Making even basic visuals and sound take time and effort, something I thought was easier done than it really was.  While I still am not an RPG guy, please, take a chance, get this when it goes on sale, get some experience, do something I didn't do.  Make games to the best of your ability with what you are given, and if that doesn't satisfy you, create something new to use.  The true power of making games comes from the amount of effort you are willing to put into them.Old review (don't even bother, it's just a lot of complaining):I got this game on sale at the very beginning of this year, when I wanted to experiment with making games and thought it would be a good idea, however, the base software comes with the most minimalistic assets and MAKES you pay for everything else.  I would definately not recommend purchasing any of the RPG Makers if you don't have a great interest in RPGs or want to become a profressional RPG developer, and especially don't buy these pieces of software at full price, it's not at all worth it.  I wouldn't even recommend buying it on sale either, unless you are what I mentioned above, not unless you have over one thousand dollars to pay for every single asset.  I realized my calling was not to make RPGs until it was too late, so please, really consider this purchase, if you are not a fan of RPGs or making games in general, DO NOT buy this software or any other software in the lineup and really don't buy any of the expansions.  These softwares are for people who have at least some experience in how programming works, because if you don't understand how games work internally then you are going to have a massively large time being confused or looking at tutorials.  I am going to school to learn how to program and trust me, it is very a long, complicated and precise process.  The tagline of there being no programming required may be true to an extent, but there are still many instances you'll be confused because your game isn't working right.  Games take time to make, and I learned that the hard way.  So please, really think about what you want to do with your time in game creation and with your money."
76561198086338175,Recommended,220700,31191074,Posted: 16 April,all,Jmanmonkey,I Can not begin to go through how usful this product is! it is great for anything you can imagine. Sure im still in progress of my first game however the product its self is very new user friendly aslong as you take the time to play around with the product. I purchased this while it was on sale and it was the best choice i could have made as it is helping me create memerable games for both me and my friends to enjoy. Lets do a really quick Pro Cons list to for the heck of it.Pros:- User friendly- Easy to learn if given the time- Very usful for anything you could imagine- very large community willing to help!Cons:- The time spent on my game (572 hours) is alot of time- The price is to high (So buy on sale!)- Other than that nothing.....
76561198065282565,Recommended,220700,29990336,Posted: 17 February,all,Game_Daddy,"This is very good and very fun software, but for what it is, it's a little on the pricey side."
,Recommended,220700,29941475,Posted: 15 February,all,::: [NCR/#Ass@ss!n :::,Simple and very addictive to work with..... <3 it..... Really apreciate it
76561198329342408,Recommended,220700,29671140,Posted: 3 February,all,Nillstan,"In my opinion, the best installment of the series. Easy to learn, and extremely powerful. I recommend to any and all beginners."
,Recommended,220700,29673497,Posted: 3 February,all,b a l i o r n e☭ l CSOFFER.ME,"I got this on sale for five dollars holy♥♥♥♥♥♥best sale ever, thanks Gaben. This software is amazing by the way."
,Recommended,220700,29764327,Posted: 7 February,all,I.W. Firewolf,"Amazing. Just, amamzing."
,Recommended,220700,23972094,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,IÇᗩЯÜᔕˣᴰ,pretty much the same as RPG Maker MVI would sugguest guying it on sale.
,Recommended,220700,30945023,Posted: 4 April,all,Lordfulger,First thing you should know....walruses are humans....this game makes that possible....Second thing you should know....hippoes are banned....this game makes that possible....Third thing you should know....Unicorns shoot out bubble beams....this game makes that possbile....Fourth thing you should know....I took up your time with you reading this....this game makes that possbile....Fifth thing you should know....life does not exist....this game makes that possible....Sixth thing you should know.... ....this game makes that possible....
,Recommended,220700,31110079,Posted: 12 April,all,OneBakedPotaterr,"Very easy to learn and use. If you're having trouble, I recommend Venthros' tutorials on YouTube."
,Recommended,220700,19981427,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,CROC_GOD,"it's a great engine for what it's worth. might want to consider upgrading to MV if you're new to RPG aker, or you might be forced to move to RPGXP or older if you're using a popular engine like let's say... pokemon essntials.if not, rpg vx ace has a lot of good scripts, graphics, games, engines, etc. that are pretty sweet. MV is pretty new so it simply doesn't have a good database.need resources: go with vx acenew to series/professional dev: MVspecific projects: XP or older.we wish: RPG Maker DS"
,Recommended,220700,30069545,Posted: 20 February,all,✪Gucci,its alright
,Recommended,220700,31061986,Posted: 10 April,all,-LordOfPoi-,"Yay! Got this for free! I think. Anyway, it's great!"
76561198354081121,Recommended,220700,30350056,Posted: 5 March,all,gay dumb name,Rat
,Recommended,220700,19943217,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Chu da Depressão,Just. Epic.
,Recommended,220700,31366634,Posted: 25 April,all,Its Denali,"Lit af, and easy to use, and addicting. You'll get pulled in once you start. Totally worth the price."
,Recommended,220700,8843484,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,RKSlither,Funny how all the top reviews they have used it for 10 hours max lol RPGMaker is for people who know what there doing if your going to make a game with the default stuff then you wont get to far.
76561198383136620,Recommended,220700,34094481,Posted: 7 August,all,yaydus hudun,i just made somebody die then cut to creditstl;dr it's good
,Recommended,220700,21221560,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SerenadeNeko13,"Easy to use, and lovely graphics. I originally obtained this software on another pc as a trial, and loved it so much that I got it again as a full software when it was on sale. I write novels and short stories, so this software allows me to bring those stories to life, and I am only limited by my own artistic skills, coding skills, and imagination. But never fear! There are tons of graphics packs, soundtracks, and guides to help you go from point a to point zed in the game making process. I highly recommend it, but it's not for the faint of heart. Effort really brings your game from 0 to RPG Maker Hero. 11/10"
76561198165111317,Recommended,220700,34247172,Posted: 14 August,all,Blackstar72,I have spent hours on this trying to work out to make games but barely now im started and im staying to complete the game but it does take some time and practice to make it work and some coding is required to make a better than average game
,Recommended,220700,33338123,Posted: 7 July,all,Bobthescrubby,"Do you like games?Do you want to MAKE games but don't have the skill, patience and money to learn how to program?do you have little money AND a metric crap ton of free time?well, do i have the treat for you! for the low, low, price of £53 AND your social life, you can make your own RPG and slowly realise that you are, in fact, talentless, and you just wasted a thousand hours (more or less) of your life, on what is most likley a unfinished game with awful jokes, meme humor, and swearing. i can't talk, i'm making one right now."
76561198205238839,Recommended,220700,34989249,Posted: 15 September,all,Crunchy Greens,"This software is great for those who wanted to make an RPG of their own!At first, you would be a bit confused on what to do with it, but sooner or later you can actually enjoy using it and make your own game."
76561198244119854,Recommended,220700,34991354,Posted: 16 September,all,undeadmike,"good, but the price is too high.get it on sale."
76561198150274796,Recommended,220700,35031667,Posted: 17 September,all,Dum Playz,"Its a very good software but lacks in premade character and items causing you to either create your own or buy a sprite creator, while creating your own graphics is an essentail for later on game design, i wish a basic software like RPG Maker VX Ace would have added some new character creation options, or even an add on you would have to buy would be ok."
,Recommended,220700,32834873,Posted: 26 June,all,Pietuuh,Really good for new game developers/makers. Easy to use.
,Recommended,220700,33959958,Posted: 1 August,all,slimegirls,pretty good program to use to make rpgs regardless of whether you wanna make something serious or just a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Recommended,220700,34491350,Posted: 25 August,all,djgoober,I made a village. Then i abandoned it. Sorry Village
