user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,221040,32725131,Posted: 24 June,all,Depleted Residual Material,"The game is impressively long (could be easliy divided into a few separate Resident Evil titles), fast paced and compelling at the same time with startlingly fun and well made coop and deathmatch variations modes (what a pity that multiplayer is barely populated though). Besides RE6 looks decent even by modern day standards (especially the main cast models and their mo-cap animations), it's perfectly optimised and the gameplay mechanics are so complex and solid (an amazing variety of character movesets and their interactions for example), it could  put to shame most of the third person action games recently released. Well japanese craftsmanship after all.Really why did this game get so much hate is a mystery to me."
76561198043053799,Recommended,221040,14183906,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,holychair,"When I first bought this game I hated it with a passion. It was not because the horror elements were gone – I was already used to this by Resident Evil 4/5, games I liked for what they were, even though I have the most fond memories of RE1 and RE2. Of the newer RE games, ""Revelations"" is my favorite and atm I'm a real happy camper regarding RE HD remake. But my hate for RE6 was not because it left survival horror fans in the lurch, it was due to other things:1) The game starts off with an irritatingly long and superfluous prelude, which one has to trudge through before the real game starts – and even then, there’s not happening much in the first 20 minutes of Leon’s campaign (which Capcom meant us to play first). There’s way too much handholding - you can’t run, you can’t shoot etc until the game *finally* lets you. That section is obviously meant as a tutorial, but it comes across as longwinded and boring (especially after that prelude). And to top it off, it even utterly fails to give you an overview over and insights into the most important functions like sliding, taking cover, quick-shoot, counter, dodging etc.2) Once Leon’s campaign picks up, for a time RE6 seems to be great fun after all – until all is smothered by lots and lots of atrocious quick time events, some of which are seemingly impossible to master. I made it through the first campaign - but I was enraged and determined to abandon the game, never to pick it up again.And then something happened: First I heard QTEs for RE6 were patched – you can now let the game do most of them for you. Second, I read that the QTE’s rage inducing difficulty was often simply due to lag. If resolution and graphics settings are too high for your system, not only do controls start to feel sluggish and clunky, but the timing for the QTE’s is totally off. Third, I read a FAQ detailing the “advanced controls” for movement and fighting, which the game itself does not bother to explain. In that FAQ, I also read that there are options where the FOV for the camera and aiming can be vastly improved. I eventually decided to give RE6 another go.And what shall I say – I suddenly fell in love with it. If the settings are chosen just right, the controls handle like a charm and the game finally gets a chance to shine in its combat modelling. I also came to appreciate that the campaigns play vastly different: Leon/Helena get zombies and puzzles, Chris/Pierce is like playing a tactical shooter, Sherry and Jake get hunted by a “Nemesis”-type enemy (and Jake as an unarmed combat expert plays very differently from say Leon). Then there’s finally Ada Wong: She is also good in unarmed fighting, has some puzzles, stealth sections and her campaign ties up the remaining loose ends of the interweaving story lines. The story itself is ambitious, but of course campy as usual. Its main shortcoming is that the main adversary is not very impressive this time around. The boss fights, however, are all very good and the enemy variety overall is definitely the best in any RE-game as of yet. The sheer amount of content this game has to offer is huge! I eventually even began to like the sections where you have to drive a car, fly a plane etc. – these are all welcome diversions that add to the variety.My conclusion is that RE6 is severely underrated. For the most part, this is Capcom’s and the game’s own fault, but still! I will recommend it to you like this: If you liked RE5, then by all means give RE6 a chance! Buy it on sale, and if you heed the things I wrote above, you should be able get a lot of fun out of it.(Edit: typos)"
,Recommended,221040,19705520,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,FransisKransis,"Its not scary, or well written, or very creative; but niether is cheese cake, and I really like cheese cake."
76561198079992988,Not Recommended,221040,28365853,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Mandroid,"== Long Review (please select a different one if you want only a short overview) ==Let's start with the positive aspects:- There are three different campaigns  plus a forth one featuring the all-mysterious Ada Wong which was originally a DLC- the total length of all campaigns is okay => For the first play-through it took us around 25 hours to finish.- the graphics of the game are decent- the soundtrack is okay- the co-op play is really great- there are hidden emblems which unlock additional story content like secret files or collectibles- different skills can be purchased and upgraded, too- the cinematics / cut scenes are good- there are some truly epic scenes in this game, but I will not spoil them for you here.- the difficulty level on normal is acceptable for an average player.- the story is complex, but good: All four campaigns are woven together and the protagonists often cross their paths.- there's competitive multi-player modesSo far, RE6 looks like a decent sequel to RE5 (which was an excellent game IMHO).Here's the part that can break an RE fan's heart:In essence, RE6 miserably fails to deliver a good gameplay.1) I have always liked the RE cut scenes and I think they are a vital part of the game. But interrupting the gameplay every two minutes simply ruins the atmosphere. I cannot even begin to fathom why the devs chose to script virtually everything in the game. And it's not just the cut scenes: In almost every level you will find that your protagonist struggles to keep on his feet: Ground shaking, ceiling collapsing, plane crashing, diving, sliding, etc. While that may be realistic, it really bugs me if the surroundings constantly throw off my aim when I am trying to survive through a nightmare of collapsing scenery.2) You will be set under pressure. A LOT of times. Generally, enforcing time limits on the player in certain scenarios can help to invoke a dramatic flair and it will get your heart pumping. However, if you constantly put the player into hour-long scenarios where you have to run / escape because virtually everything around you collapses / explodes / gets flooded is a sure way of ruining any meaningful gaming experience. Exerting some pressure is okay, but please - for god's sake - let me look around the world. Take in some of the details. Let me do some strategic planning and not wildly running off from one cinematic to the next.3) You will be forced along a very narrow road. In many of the action sequences when there is a time limit, you will be forced to follow a fixed path which is often not clear to you. Instead, you will often barely notice that the camera perspective is shifting, and that you have to run somewhere before you notice that you actually took too long and - of course - die instantly.The problem is not that it is actually difficult to survive the countless Quick Time Events, no. It is that you often do not know what you need to do before it is too late.4) For some reason the devs thought that it would be a great idea to erratically and unpredictably fix the camera in a completely different perspective from time to time. Of course, that means that your character will automatically change direction if you keep your buttons / keys pressed while the camera changes. This is simply ridiculously bad.5) Countless times, you will find yourself in a situation where you are fighting an infinite number of enemies, forcing you to quicken the pace and find a solution to one of the game's (mostly) lame puzzles or to quickly leave the current part of the level. This is both mindless and boring at the same time while adding virtually nothing to the gaming experience.6) Where are the Zombies? Though you will face some of RE's most-famed enemies during the first campaign, you will suddenly find yourself fighting ""mutated people / soldiers / mercenaries carrying firearms"" almost all the time. This is one of the most criticized facts about the game that partly it feels more like a generic shooter like COD than like any RE part prior to it. The fact that you can also (slowly) move while aiming / firing your weapon and even dodge to the side / to the back does not really help matters. In fact, in earlier RE games I rather enjoyed having to weigh the consequences of fighting off an opponent with my weapon (but having to stop running) or running away to get in a better position to fight him.7) One of the strongest aspects of the RE series are the bosses and the boss fights. While RE6 certainly comes up with some of the meanest, biggest and most impressive monstrosities of the series, the actual boss fights are either:a) totally lame (because you have to wait for a stupid NPC  to finish something)b) totally scriptedc) totally counter-intuitive (because you have not the faintest idea on how to hurt the boss)d) totally ridiculous (because the boss is invincible)8) Skill System. The game offers you to select up to three different skills, improving your damage, aim or abilities.  Skills can be unlocked and upgraded using skill points found during the game. While this sounds interesting at first, it gets boring quickly: You will soon notice that many of the skills are simply too ineffective or too specific to be useful on more than one occasion.9)  The menu system is needlessly cumbersome.10) To find all the hidden serpent symbols which unlock the collectibles of the game is quite difficult. That was the same in e.g. RE5 and is not a bad thing in itself. What I truyl disliked is that at least one symbol is hidden in an action sequence where it is pure luck whether you initially pick it up or not. Missed it and wanna go back? Forget it. You have to restart the whole level again. Frustrated? Angry? Be my guest!11) While trying to tie the four campaigns together in the story, the devs have decided to have many overlaps in the level structure of the game. While this helps to certainly invoke a feeling of familiarity, it gets boring too quickly: Fighting the virtually same boss twice (just controlling a different character) is lame. Ironically, this will happen numerous times.What really frustrates me the most is this: RE6 does have a huge potential.The first campaign of Leon and Helena is really good (leaving out the final levels, of course).Why Capcom has chosen to abandon the mood and atmosphere altogether in the subsequent campaigns will remain their secret.RE is about having a great atmosphere. There's almost nothing left of that in the game.Once you have finished the whole game and watched the credit roll (which you cannot skip and which takes approx. 5 minutes, by the way), you will realize that many dozens of people were involved in making this game.Didn't they ever realize that RE6 falls back behind its predecessor RE5 in purely every aspect of the game play?Didn't they ever realize that the replay value once you have soaked in all the cinematics is minimal?Didn't they ever realize that constant pressure on the player and endless quick time events cannot compensate for a lack of atmosphere?We will never know.I can recommend RE5 without hesitation to you and had RE6 been at least half as good, I would have recommended it, too.If you are a die-hard RE fan, you might want to get this game anyway, but honestly you can also look up the story in a let's play and you will not miss much.I can only pray that Capcom will turn back to make RE7 more like the earlier titles of the series..."
,Recommended,221040,8556318,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dfactor,"Last Update: Nov 2016.I'll try to keep this as short as possible.Resident Evil 6 is not what an oldschool/hardcore gamer would call a ""RE game"". It's an attempt to make the game more over the top, action-y and cinematic as much as possible while having that cheesy dialogue and plenty of references to older titles. Hence it's an action game with barely any horror. If you're able to accept that then you'll also be able to enjoy it. The game has 4 co-op campaigns that have 5 chapters each (average chapter length is 1 hour), 2 characters you can play as in each campaign and 5 difficulty settings. Considering it's a co-op game you should probably play and laugh with your friends, but in worst case scenario you can also play with the AI. Unlike RE5's Sheva your AI partner is completely self-sustaining and you don't have to babysit. The mechanics here are the most advanced in the series and a lot of people enjoy Mercenaries mode because of it. Now that I've mentioned the campaigns - we can say that to complete the on 1 difficulty with both characters already will take quite a while, now let's multiply this by 5 difficulty settings and we hell of a lot gameplay time. The game has huge replay value (far bigger than RE2 or REmake) and with a right friend you'll be able to enjoy this for quite a while. If you want more then there are competitive DLC modes. If you're looking for people to play with then you should checkhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/re6mpAMD users should be aware that latest drivers result in the infamous black screen on startup. If you wait for a couple of minutes the game will load. The time depends on how juicy your system is.Again, If you're going to play this game because it's a RE title then you'll have a bad time. If you're in for some laughs and co-op then this is easily the best co-op game of that year.And if you're looking for actual horror then you should get Resident Evil Remake Remaster and Resident Evil 0 Remaster.Finally, here's a list of alphabetical pros and cons.Pros:-Agent Hunt. A special game mode in which YOU take control of the enemy. You can join any open lobby and try to take down players that are just playing the game. Requires patience, skill and preferably a partner.-Characters. RE6 offers both Chris and Leon as playable characters in separate campaigns. Not only that, there are total of 8 (campaign) and 13 (no mercy mercenaries) playable characters.-Collectibles. Just like RE4,5 RE6 has some collectibles that you can find (serpents than unlock documents and figurines).-Completionist friendly. There's a lot of things you can complete in the game and boy you'll have to spend more than a few hundreds of hours to do that.-Controls. The controls now are less tanky and more action-y, fluent. You can manually dodge, counter, slide, etc. After playing RE6 for a while and returning to RE5 you'll see what I mean. The only downside is that you have to learn and master the controls yourself (which is not an easy thing to do). Be sure to check Archon's ""Basic and Advanced Mechanics"" guide.-DLCs. They offer fun competitive multiplayer minigames and extra achievements for them. These game modes are as fun as Mercenaries. Survivors is a deathmatch mode (standard and team, up to 6 players, most popular). Onslaught is a mix between Dr. Mario and Mercenaries (kill enemies to send them to your opponent, 2 players only). Predator is the mode in which you take control of Ustanak and try to defeat other players (up to 6 players, 2nd most popular). Siege is a BOWs vs humans team match in which you have to try to save an NPC (up to 6 players, least popular).-Enemies. Quite a huge variety of them this time. Also they can mutate on the go. They act, look differently and have different attacks.-Events.residentevil.netoffers different types of events so you can unlock some in-game on website goodies.-Melee. You can use knifes and your fists/legs to punch bould... enemies and execute them in most brutal ways. Source of the wrestling simulator game jokes.-Mercenaries. Many people (sometimes jokingly) say that it's the only reason why you should get this game. Well, they're not far from the truth either. This mode offers a fun solo/duo survival challenge on 10 different maps, provides you with all characters and special costumes for each. There's also a PC exclusive ""No Mercy"" mode which is a Left 4 Dead crossover (characters and enemies) and it's even more challenging.-Nemesis v2. The game has an enemy that is similar to Nemesis from RE3.-Options. The game allows some nice tweaks including camera placement, FOV and crosshair swaps. Be sure to check the options in the main menu (they're more advanced than in-game's).-Ranking system. You can earn ranks on each chapter for each character. Great thing from completionists. Ranking is based on your accuracy, kills, time and deaths.-Replay value. The main story offers a lot of content that can be replayed many times.-Skills. You can earn points and purchase skills that can alter the gameplay a bit.-Soundtrack. Many people either forget about it or it gets lost as background noise. The game has a great huge soundtrack that adds a lot to the game.-Statistics.Residentevil.netoffers advanced game statistics.-Story. Many people would say that this is BS, but I think that RE6 offers better, brighter and more silly, over the top story than ever before.-Unlockable free content. You might say that it's similar to an on-disc DLC, but I don't think it's bad. Onresidentevil.netyou can unlock special files and costumes for your minigames.-Variety of weapons. Knives, guns, machine guns, assault rifles, sniper rifles, crossbow, grenade launchers, magnums, remote bombs, grenades, etc.Cons:-Bugs. The game still has some connectivity issues and sometimes it crashes. Some issues might appear if you have incredibly high ping.-Camera. Might be one of the reasons why you'll die a bunch of times.-Controls. Some people may find the controls a bit too difficult/messy. They require a lot of time to master and even an experienced player may not know all the tricks. On top of that, an experienced Agent Hunter can easily take down newbie agents.-DLCs. They're not free. You have to pay for them. It's hard to find active sessions, but people are playing them.-Enemies. While there are still ""zombie"" BOWs now there are also J'avos, that can use weapons, can communicate with each other (similar to plagas infected).-Graphics. Generally OK, but texture-wise this is a console port and there are plenty of dodgy textures.-Puzzles. Some of them are ar simple (stupid), just like in oldschool REs. But due to fast paced gameplay you don't stumble upon them as often as you'd like to.-QTEs. The game has quite a lot of them, but they aren't difficult and not as unforgiving as in RE4/5. QTEs can be turned off completely.-Single player. Playing alone isn't as fun as it's in co-op. You can't disable your AI partner either.-Story. You could say that it's too over the top and less realistic than before. Some may say that it's a B-movie, just like RE1.-Survival horror. Barely any left.FAQ.Q: I've launched the game and I'm greeted with a settings screen and then the game starts. Where's the main menu?A: Upon first launch you're greeted with a 15 minute prologue. It's infested with QTEs that luckily aren't even in the main game.Q: Can I co-op the prologue?A: Prologue is actually a modified Leon 5 chapter. So yes, by playing chapter 5.Finally, I can't keep everything in mind, so remind me about things I forgot about in comments.Final verdict: Would I recommend this as a RE game? No. Would I recommend this as a game? Hell yes. If you like the combat and the challenge - it's simply enjoyable."
,Recommended,221040,30288735,Posted: 2 March,all,Johnny Two Tips,Pretty good third person shooter. Terrible Resident Evil game.
,Recommended,221040,7818994,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,「東亜」ポプ子社長,"At first, I did not really like what I was playing, so I was thinking of just stop playing. The camera is so zoomed in, it kind of hurt my eyes. But then later on, I found out that you can zoom out in the option settings. Thank God, it really helps a lot. And well, I decided to just play just to see how the story goes.It is true, the game is actually pretty radically different from the previous Resident Evil games, as the game is no longer a survival horror like it used to be. But.... I think Resident Evil 6 is still in a way, a survival horror game still, kind of. There are basically tons of zombies that you can kill, but you do not really get much of ammo in the game. Meaning it is necessary to save ammunition and just keep running. The stages are huge, especially the Leon's story, and it is basically recommended to just run rather than dealing with those zombies one by one. I thought it was kind of interesting, because I guess this is a little more realistic than having to deal with every zombie that you encounter. The control has gotten better and I did not really find much of issues with it. As many have complained, QTE happens a lot in this game, but I am not sure. I don't think it was ""that"" bad, as you still get the chance to redo that part right away even if you die anyway. And many people also complained about the difficulty of the game being too hard even on normal. I am not sure if the game has gone through some radical changes with the updates (I know it did for camera), and this might be the reason why I do not really find this game that bad. The game is certainly playable and enjoyable from start to finish. For someone like me who likes Call of Duty style action a lot, Resident Evil 6 is certainly the game that I can recommend to any action game fans. Not every RE fan would find this game fun, but it was good enough for me. Good stories and beautiful endings for Leon, Chris and Jake, too. I didn't really bother with Ada's story, as it is kind of boring. Overall, great game. Looking forward to Resident Evil 7.9/10"
,Recommended,221040,32440809,Posted: 15 June,all,King Baekho,"A lot of people will hate on Resident Evil 6. Many have turned against it with the bandwagon hate a long time ago and never looked back. If you are looking into this game, I suggest that you look past the blind hate that it gets and look at how fun this game is. This game has a lot of replayability."
76561198046506952,Recommended,221040,25845709,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SoraPro,"After reading all the bad reviews, I was skeptical to make the purchase but when I was able to snag it for under $10, I figured what the heck.To my surprise, I ended up greatly enjoying it although I can see why others may have been disappointed at a higher price point.It's weird to call this game Resident Evil as it plays so differently than previous titles but if you're able to disconnect the two, what you end up with is a very enjoyable action game with amazing graphics and a cheesy but passable story line. Leon's campaign is by far the best but Chris and Jake' are worth playing too.A common complaint in older reviews is how QTEs plague the game into unplayability but Capcom must have patched those out because there are not nearly now as many as it sounds like there used to be.I ran into no technical issues during any of my play throughs. If you're a big RE fan like me, I think you can find a way to appreciate RE6 for what it is."
76561198258659559,Recommended,221040,32760650,Posted: 25 June,all,Nick_1357,a solid action gamebut a terrible horror gameit's actually a good game if you look past the hate it got when it was released.
,Recommended,221040,12663285,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Irish Lumberjack,"I passionately love this game. I would definitely recommend picking it up and trying it.  Something I find very impressive is how smooth playing with people in different countries is (living in the US, I can easily play with a friend in Siberia with no issues whatsoever). The gameplay is fun and exciting, and while there certainly isn't the horror of previous games, if you enjoy action games, this certainly fits the bill."
,Recommended,221040,31268673,Posted: 20 April,all,Pointnclickster,"If this is a bad game, I had too good a time to notice that fact :).After playing the second trilogy of Resident Evil, starting with RE4 and slowly building my way to the climax, Resident Evil 6 did not suprise me in how huge, ridiculous, goofy, tense, and fun it was. The fact that this game has gained as much hate as it has shows me that this series is personal to a lot of people, and everyone has a definition of what Resident Evil means to them. To those who define Resident Evil by the first trilogy (third person fixed cameras with survival horror camp), the hate is understandable. For those who played a majority of the first trilogy (I myself played/beat RE1 and 2, watched 3, and played Code: Veronica) and went on to embrace the larger plot which really did call for more of an action horror slant, Resident Evil 6 tied up everything with a huge bang as a lot of our favorite Resident Evil heroes save the world.After playing a majority of the Resident Evil titles, I now know what Resident Evil means to me. As much as I love the original trilogy, I realize that RE means Chris, Jill, Leon, Claire, Barry, Rebecca, Ada Wong and numerous other RE heroes saving the world from Umbrella and various viruses in good old B survival or action horror camp, and enjoying the ride, no matter how ludicrous. If that rings a bell with you, read on.(God bless you for reading on)First lets deal with the technical. The game looks really great. The soundtrack is exciting and can be eerily quiet at times. The AI partners are not stupid (yes, Shiva from RE5, I'm looking at you!). I never had to worry about my partner running out of ammo unless I wanted to turn that option off, and I trusted that my partner would have my back. While the AI partner does help in a fight, it is you that has to deal the final blow to bosses. When I died, it was due to my lack of ability and not my partner doing their best to keep me alive. The combat was very smooth. I didn't always have to worry about lack of bullets, although they are scarce, because I could do martial arts. I loved being able to roundhouse enemies if I had too, and then stomp on them. Also, each character has a different fighting style. Some are fluid martial artists, while Chris is a soldier who isn't busy showing off his kung fu but throws a heavy punch showing off that famous bicep ;).The first technical negative I found was the different menu systems. They were a pain. Remember when you had one menu and you could do everything from that one menu? Well apparently thats too simple. In one menu, you can see all your stuff, but in another menu you combine herbs and reload your weapons. Trust me, when in the heat of battle, it is infuriating. Also, there really isn't a pause option. When you hit pause, your character will kneel down to look at their phone, hoping that whatever changes you need to make will be done quickly because the monsters are still attacking you. That was annoying. Also, remember in classic RE when you unlocked weapons and outfits, and they were yours? Well now its a little more complicated. Now you have to gain points by doing killing combos and then using said points to buy the weapons or outfits you unlocked. This may up the replayability but to me its just a slap in the face, adding more work when I technically feel that unlocking abilities and costumes should make them mine now!The voice acting was superb. The script was very well done, with one liners that stood apart from the rest of the series (no Jill sandwich homage here). The relationships forged between partners was real. They had me tearing up at moments and then giving me sighs of contentment at others. Also, not every moment on this game was explosions and Sci-Fi Channel zombie ridiculousness. Sometimes the games was tight and quiet, and that to me was a nice nod to us old school RE fans that enjoyed slowly walking through corridors, wondering what C virus abomination we would face next. Or if we would run into the boss that just refused to die! The motto for the heroes of this game is never to get up. Well apparently the bosses overheard that pep talk and decided that was a good idea, because my goodness they just won't die! To me, the goofiest thing about the game is the sheer determination of this games bosses.Now the campaigns. I loved them all for very different reasons. Leon's campaign by far is the most ridiculous and goofy. I bet its his campaign that gives the game its bad rap. Plus, there is no Claire. Leon is the one that is targeting the main antagonist of the game, and I enjoyed the exciting progression through the game. It was nice to see Ada Wong cross his path (though to be fair Ada Wong crosses everybody's path). Jake's campaign is awesome in that it pairs him with Sherry Birkin, a nod to all us RE2 fans. Now we get to see what happened to that sweet girl we protected all those years ago. While I have shipped other RE characters, this campaign definitely had a kind of underlying attraction between the two characters as they go from warily trusting each other, to sparks of gratitide and attraction. Its heartwarming amongst all the mutated zombies. Then Chris's campaign, which at first I didn't think I'd like because Chris is leading his soldiers on a different front then Leon or Jake, but that ties in perfectly with the story. It's much more than Chris and his squad shooting zombies. It is definitely more psychological, and telling why would be spoiling ;). After playing Leon's, Jake's, and Chris's campaign, the story will still not be complete. A few puzzles pieces are missing. Thats when you get to play Ada Wong's campaign and what a payoff. Ada knows what is up. She is behind the scenes tweaking the scenarios that in the other campaigns will make you think, ""Well that was convenient! How did that happen?"". Ada is happening everywhere, behind the scenes. The only puzzles you really will encounter are in her campaign, and they are nothing compared to the beginnings of the series, but then again they weren't a big thing in RE4 or RE5. By the end of Ada's campaign, you will know the whole story, and the trilogy is neatly tied up, and in my opinion Resident Evil is successfuly concluded.Resident Evil is a mutation of a game series that has changed and tried new things. Honestly, I don't think this game deserved the amount of hate it got. When I play a RE game, I want to save the world from zombies as one of my favorite STARS members, or their family members and best friends, get scared or at least very concerned, and have fun. For me, this game checks off all the necessary boxes."
,Not Recommended,221040,673657,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Vash(88),"LOL. Capcom has taken the gloves off. They aren't even trying any more. The character interactions are a joke at best. The bosses are CLICHE, and that's being generous. It really feels as though Capcom is slapping the american gamers in the face with some of the sh!t they pull.The game play fails on every end.  You are clunky and not in full control over your character.  The amount of times the game is going to take control of your camera and force you to look at something useless is insulting.  Because it happens in the midle of a fire fight! It's not a survival horror game, because it's way to cheesy for that. It's not an action game, because you are most offten short on ammo when you're playing as Chris. The enimies have unlimited ammo, but don't always drop it when killed.If you are going to play this, just play Jake's and Leon's sections. As leon, you are at least killing zombies. And Jake... You will laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off if nothing else. If you ask me, $20 is twice what its worth. This game is hardly worth one play through; re5 was better.  That should say something.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=138448031"
76561198025301599,Not Recommended,221040,11758476,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,"Terrible game sadly- too many cutscenes (many of them are unnecessary)  that makes the game really slow- way too many times you will die cheap deathes- many QTEs and this is not a good thing- if you finish one campaign the others will feel redundantif you want an action packed RE game then play RE 4 or if you want the survival horror RE then wait for RE 1 remake, even if you played all RE games still i would recommend staying away from this game.P.S. if i would recommend one campaign then i would say go for Leon's, it is by far the best out of the 4 included in this game."
76561198069943463,Recommended,221040,22882868,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Bennyester,"People look at this game and go ""oh it's not scary so it's not resident evil and therefore a bad game."" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I say. You wanted inovation in your games, you got your inovation. The once famous and greatest survival horror game hast turned into the best action packed, co-op based third-person shooter I know of. And I'm not talking about Halo-style of co-op or gears of war-style of co-op, I'm talking about a game BUILT ARROUND THE CO-OP. There's no going alone here at all. You either play with a friend, a stranger or an AI partner. The AI is not all that bad actually. But just in case it screws up, your AI partner can't die. So all the complaints about the ""stupid RE5 partner AI"" fall off here.TL;DR:If you can stop wining about how ""this is not Resident evil"" and like co-op based games. This is a must have."
,Recommended,221040,30694779,Posted: 23 March,all,Calvine,Don't go in expecting a master-class horror experience. Go expecting something completely ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. You'll enjoy the hell out of this game that way.
,Recommended,221040,7776121,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,AestheticGamer,"Resident Evil 6 at its best is a varied and fun co-op experience that will keep you guessing what sort of scenario you'll find yourself in next, with some of the best controls in the series and some legitimate fun and tense segments. At its worst, it is a confused mess of ideas that tries to be everything, but doesn't quite refine or completely solidify any of its concepts. I almost reckon Resident Evil 6 to a grab-bag. It throws a lot at you; one moment you'll be in a ruined neighborhood in a zombie Apocalypse as chaos springs around you, next you'll be near-naked maneuvering a completely-white environment while stealthing to avoid setting off alarms, then flying a plane Ace Combat-style over the ocean, or scaling the side of a building as a colossal monster climbs right after you.If you're the type of gamer who enjoys sometimes complete nonsense with a friend, but also the variety of situations appeals to you, this will be right up your alley. It is a fun co-op game, the combat isn't well explained and can be frustrating at first, but once you begin to 'get it', it actually is rather in-depth, and Mercenaries is a lot of fun (the most similar comparison I can give is to the game Vanquish, if you have played it, as the combat focuses a lot on dodging gracefully and sanctification from pulling off insane stunts by risk and reward). There's a lot of content here, with four campaigns (each completely different) that last 5-8 hours each, as well as an addicting Mercenaries Mode and a rather throw-away but still good for a few laughs mode where you control the monsters in other peoples games during certain gameplay segments.But Resident Evil 6 is riddled with problems in its design, ranging from poor level-design, missing the sort of weapon upgrade system the last few 'action' RE titles incorporated to allow one to pick weapons by choice, the boss fights range from okay to dreadful (they're often more cinematic flairs than strategic or actually fun battles, which I felt RE4 and RE5 had), and simply some segments of the game just are not fun. And if you don't take the time to adjust to how the game plays (its pacing, controls, and the like on face value appear to be very much in-light with RE4 and RE5, but actually playing the game like those games isn't a lot of fun as the game is designed quite a bit differently) it is very possible you will not enjoy your time with it. It should also be mentioned that the story is terrible. Not cheesy B-fun like RE5 and RE4, not so-bad-its-good, but most of the story is just bad. I did enjoy some development in Chris's story, and the relationship between Jake and Sherry is cute, but outside of that, the basic 'plot' to the story almost feels like a fanfiction to the series.But still, I had a lot of fun with it. Something about never knowing what to expect, going from one ridiculous scenario to the next with a friend, and coming to terms with the game and actually feeling pretty awesome fighting off a fairly large array of enemies in Mercenaries Mode was worth it for me, and for those who just want a good, often ridiculous time with a friend, Resident Evil 6 can deliver some good laughs and some high peaks in spades. Just expect to waddle a bit through some drudgery.PS. I find a lot of people like different moments of the game the best, for the campaign, I will say my personal highs were (in no order) Leon Chapter 1, Leon Chapter 2, Jake Chapter 3, Jake Chapter 5, Chris Chapter 3, Chris Chapter 4, Ada Chapter 1, Ada Chapter 2, and Ada Chapter 4."
,Recommended,221040,29655099,Posted: 2 February,all,Akka,"Not Resident EvilI dreaded playing this black sheep of the franchise. Everywhere I turn on the internet this game gets critically slammed as being too distant from the originals.There's no suspense or horror here, it plays more like a standard third person cooridor shooter with an unfortunate abundance of QTEs. The series blight item management finally takes a chill pill, leaving you with plenty of room to store what you need and enough ammo to bring down everything.Bosses are the real highlight of this game, and while a couple might overstay their welcome, the battles themselves always finish spectacularly. The humorous, campy overtones from 4 are entirely gone, I'm guessing that's to dintinguish this as the serious zombie game (compared to Dead Rising). You'll spend over 20 hours playing the 4 intersecting, uniquely themed campaigns.I vastly prefer the masterpiece that is the original RE. Even so, don't snub this game just because it's different. For the ten bucks I paid for it, this game is a blast.There wasn't a single giraffe in this game though, ♥♥♥♥ing Capcom."
,Recommended,221040,1534534,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Nessa,"I've been playing Resident Evil as far as I can remember. I remember popping open my PlayStation to play the Director's Cut of the original and being truly terrified. There was really no game like Resident Evil. Even as it went on, it just seemed to get better, especially with it's master bomb in 2004 with Resident Evil 4. But, as always, with great success comes imitators. Along came games inspired by the RE series, like Left 4 Dead, Dead Rising, etc. When this happened, this is when the RE series went downhill.Resident Evil 6 is the most different form in this franchise to date. For that, it has received a ton of flak and haters has been tearing it to shreds.The big changes come in the form of being able to move and shoot at the same time and the stories intersecting at certain points allowing for 4 player co-op at some points throughout the gameThe story itself is good if you follow the Resident Evil series. I thoroughly enjoyed the game's campaign in every way playing with friends in co-op, although the game is much less survival horror and much more horror shooter now. I'd like for it to go back to its roots but I'll take it as it is.For those who wondering why RE 6 Became disappointed for you, I will tell you why.Because of how much Capcom loves their Baby they decided to bring every cooking chefs to cook this game very well to become Tasty. but what happened is, when you bring too many chefs the Food will be too much cooked and will burn.meaning is. they cooked it too much.Overall: from RE old school player I enjoyed every RE game and I always take them as they are no matter how much they changed them. RE 6 is a Great dramatic action Packed & half horror game.As long as you like the story of the Resident Evil genre then this game is for you. If you can't look past the changes then you can always play the classic Resident Evil games."
,Not Recommended,221040,8410766,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Forrestfield,"Oh my... god.I don't think I was quite pre-pared for how terrible this game is. To give a bit of a frame for that statement, I think Remember Me is a decent game, the basic functionality you expect is all present and while not perfectly polished it doesn't deliberately get in the way. Well, in Resident Evil 6 it deliberately is in the way pretty much the entire game. Everything bare shooting is contextual. Which means that not only the levels are on rails, but that what you as a player can do is extremely on rails. Limiting freedom and as a direct result, pretty much negating any experimentation to be done, making the whole game a monotone press A feast (or what-ever the equivalent keyboard key is).At least... that is what you'd think, right? Sadly, even with everything so heavily restricted it still doesn't quite work right. Executions not working, despite the prompt being visible was an all too common occurrence.Another quip to be had with the technicalities is that it is literally a console port. Textures, details, effects and graphical options are all absent or of sub-par quality. While I can forgive some of that, textures in particularly should have being an easy addition for the computer version. If I wanted to stare at Doom like textures, I'd just launch Doom, at least that game works and lets me do what-ever I want, while looking terrible for today's standards.Now, as for story, as someone whom gave out on Resident Evil after part 2. (I've played some of 3 and 5, at a friends) Well, all of it didn't make sense. It is entirely uninteresting for anyone that isn't knee deep in the universe its lore. There's no other motivation than ""Let's shoot some zombies"" to bind anyone other than the Resident Evil Fan. Why? Because the character stories are laughable, spoiler for the Leon part ahoy!As you start of the Leon part you'll begin by shooting the president. Apparently, that's very shocking, but not shocking enough to build up toward that occurrence, instead you may, right after escort random person A and random daughter of A whom will turn into zombies. It might be me, but it will probably be more... interesting to, you know, combine the two... escort someone the characters care about. But the game apparently has no time for that, because soon after you're stuck with another group of survivors, oh, my bad! They are all dead. Oh, but we've got to rescue your sister, no Leons sister, he doesn't have one, or does he? Here the game fooled me, actual story! Or well, so I hoped, just mystery now, but someone to save. I even have to rush down with her on my back while Leon fends of the zombies! This might go somewhere. Aaaaaand she turned into some kind of naked spider zombie. Yay. Something about revenge after that, but honestly who can give a crap after tossing every bit of potential out of the window?Well, that was a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,221040,8749895,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,❦InducesPanic❦,This is a game that is very confused on what it's trying to be. It's not awful but honestly if you're looking for any of the fun or feeling of Resident Evil 4-5 than don't buy this. You will be sorely dissapointed. It's just an average Gears of War ripoff now. Very sad to see the Resident Evil series sink this low. 4/10
,Recommended,221040,26369071,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,~NobodyInHere~,Nice game. Have story for each character. And it have a nice gameplay and the graphic is goodAnd I recommend you to play Co op and get connected toResidentevil.netto get skin and online events
,Not Recommended,221040,26488118,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Galopa,"While Resident Evil 5 was a bad Resident evil but a good TPS,  Resident evil 6 is a bad Resident evil and a bad TPS.The fact that it's not a survival horror game anymore doesn't bother me that much, hell, I enjoyed RE5 a lot. But this one, ♥♥♥♥ me : The story is awful, the controls are clunky, the J'avos are one terrible idea, you have, like in 5, way too much QTE's... but more than that, the real problem with this game is that everything is scripted. Every single thing this game has to offer is scripted.For example, you can't shoot an infected faking death on the ground. You ♥♥♥♥ing can't do that. You know that this thing is going to bite you as soon as he is able to, but no, you have to wait for the game to activate the ennemy and tell you when and where you are going to kill him. That's insane.You're on rails from the beginning to the end, and there is nothing you can do about it. That's the Resident Evil 6 experience.The only thing saving this game is the cooperation mode, everything is way better with a friend. But even with that, it's still a mediocre game.If you're in the mood to play some zombie action with a friend, you should play Dead rising 2 and 3, Dying light, Resident evil 5. Hell, since you're trading bullets 75% of the game in RE6, you should give Gears of war a try.What a waste Capcom."
76561197970935188,Recommended,221040,14160891,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,mahon007,"I just played and finished RE4, RE5 and RE6 and I really enjoyed playing Resident Evil 6, it has a very big movie like cinematic feel and I loved how all FOUR of the campaigns were interwoven and worked together to tell the story, it was fast, it was fun.  This game is NOT the RE 1,2,3 ""Horror Survival Experience"", things change and evolve and after RE3. RE 4,5,6 are more of an ""Action/Horror Experience"", to me in my opinion it is almost like trying to start comparing both Star Wars Trilogy's, they are both Star Wars but they are both very different and I enjoy all six of those movies as much as I enjoy all of the six core Resident Evil games and that is including RE6 which does get allot of hate. But anyway, I will say that Leon's campaign has the most RE feel to it and while it can be a good argument that RE6 has a few too many ""QTE"" Quick Time Events RE6 is fast , fun, good story, great graphics, Co-Op and the added PC mode of ""Mercenaries No Mercy"" is just a blast to play Solo or with friends and with the characters from ""Left For Dead 2"" added it just puts it over the top awesome...."
,Recommended,221040,7762230,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,"A good action game, has a good thriller and a very creative story with characters meeting during the game, the more reality to the plot, just missed a little more challenge puzzles.Can't deny that if you compare it with previous games there's stuff left to be desired but by itself playing it is a great experience.My favorite character is Ada, and it was great to be able to play so many characters.The stories are deep and occasionally a little emotional, all of the endings are good and you see the course of the game through the eyes of 7 playable characters."
76561198009714531,Not Recommended,221040,8368739,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Astroplop,"As a ""PC"" game this game is a mess. The UI is confusing, the HUD Is unclear to a new player, the menu system is atrocious. Coop is annoying on several levels. The coop player cannot perform story actions, but that includes opening doors, finding items in rooms that can be ""activated"" or similar. If you had an option called ""Action reaction (on/off)"" what would you think it did? give up? Friendly fire."
76561198150933356,Recommended,221040,27905267,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jack Doyle,"A great game if you consider it for what it is, an action game with some survival horror aspects and good enemy AI. Although it has a simple storyline and poor graphics in some areas, it delivers fun and entertaining gameplay with progressive challenges and rewards. I would recommend buying it on sale."
,Recommended,221040,20697869,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sweet Blasphemy,"Resident Evil 6 is AWESOME & one of my favorite games <3.For new players, don't pay attention to negative reviews, til you try it yourself :)PROS:-Amazing storyline.-Controls are so on point.-Beautiful music.-Piers' Anti-Material Rifle is life.-DLCs are good, Survivors mode is the best (for fair players, not kiddos)-It's 2017 & the game still pretty much alive with full lobbies so you can join any mode you want.-But most of all, the characters are pretty good not to mention the appearance of the only son of the infamous tyrant Albert Wesker, Jake Muller *-*...Ops that was a spoiler o_O.CONS:-Game graphics need a good PC, make sure you don't have a hoetato..I mean potato before buying this game (like me ;-;)-SPOLIER ALERT!Crapcom killed Piers Nivans, they suck for that :(-Chris survived, for God knows whatever reason -.-So, my rate is 11/10"
,Not Recommended,221040,8546869,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[IN D] RobbinxDeHood,"Resident Evil has changed a lot over the years and the changes are not why I would not recommend this game.  The negative review comes from the fact that the game has a lot of flaws in my opinion.  I would really like to point out the things I like about the game first.  RE6 has great co-op features including the ability to play as monsters.  There are multiple characters that you play through and there are multiple story lines because of that.  This gives the game a lot of replayability and variety.  The story paths are split up into pairs of characters played alone or co-op, except for one story that is single player, and the story lines cross over each other allowing up to four player co-op at times.  Right now I bet you're saying, ""WTF!!!! This game sounds awesome, why the negative recommendation?"".  Well, that's because the save points are terrible making huge parts the story being replayed if you quit.  Another bad point is the fact that there is no way to kick a partner which can leave you stuck between quitting and replaying huge amounts of the story or being trapped with complete jerks at times.  Now I think this game will appeal to a lot of people too.  It is basically a third person corridor shooter so fans of that genre will most likely enjoy this game.  I just find the constant switch flipping and running back and forth in corridors a bit tedious.  RE6 is one of those games that is really on the border of being enjoyable for me but the drawbacks just slightly outweighed the assets."
76561198211147568,Recommended,221040,25215770,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,✯HappineSS,"If you pretending it wasn't 'Resident Evil' then you will realized this game is not bad at allCapcom Really being honest with those Resident Evil Fanbasethey bring almost everything RE fanbase was asking. ;for example-Before RE6 release-RE fanbase: Can you just move while aiming?Capcom: RE6RE fanbase: since Wesker is dead there better be Wesker son in RE6Capcom: RE6RE fanbase: we want to see more relationship between Leon and AdaCapcom: RE6RE fanbase: We want to see Sherry grown upCapcom: RE6RE fanbase: Leon vs Chris Redfield hmmmmCapcom: RE6RE fanbase: plz Bring back The goddamn ZombiesCapcom: RE6- after RE6 Release -RE fanbase: OMG RE6 IS THE WORST GAME EVER MADECapcom: ....- RE7 Reveal -RE fanbase: WTF? IS THIS RESIDENT EVIL?. WHERE IS THE ZOMBIES? WHERE IS LEON? WHY ARE U MAKING THIS?Capcom: Because F**k Youim not a big fan of Resident Evil but i played almost all of them (pirate version) :pRE6 Story is kinda Meh, it have alot of fan service going on. i like Chris campaign the most, it have some drama and emotional. it felt more real to me. also the second goes to Leon campaign it flash back to RE2 a little and alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥happening this time, the rest was fun too. lot of running and puzzleThis game run very well on my low end potato laptop big thanks to Capcom :Di can tell you this game is totally worth your money if you like adventure, Survival type gamesoverall i want to rate it 8/10 but ill rate it 6/10 due to -lack of ppl playing online-that f**king quick time event is killing me-J'avo-weird Camera angle in some areadont listen to whoever call themself RE fan, they are the worst thing happen to Resident Evil."
76561198263868689,Recommended,221040,29053211,Posted: 5 January,all,Deaf_Cyborg,Not your normal RE game but should be given a chance when it goes on sale.
,Recommended,221040,23946415,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Maximoo,The logo looks like a Giraffe getting a BJ....Cant be unseen.
76561198210115896,Not Recommended,221040,25057106,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,LurksNoMore,"The Good: Lots of content, with the different campaigns have quite different feels; some nice, atmospheric setpieces; plenty of fun co-op gameplay.The Bad: Too much annoying fake difficulty with lousy camera angles and the game snatching away your control; takes itself too seriously and doesn't embrace the cheese. None of the villains live up to the ones in RE 5 for example.The Ugly: The BOW escape in Chris/Piers campaign. If you're not using a controller, you're out of luck, as the stupid camera changes and insanely hard timing mean you have to grind this one setpiece a couple of dozen times.I would recommend this to people who liked RE 4 or 5, have a lot of patience, and a controller. Because screw that BOW escape sequence, seriously. Anyone else... not so much."
,Not Recommended,221040,8690611,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Jesus Christ,"Cant upgrade weapons and zombies can walk through your leg and grab you if you kick, no puzzels at all, why did they replace weapon upgrades with skills? the skills system is so pointlessAlso the health system is stupid, get grab by an enemy lose 1 health block? what kind of crap is that?Only buy this game when its on sale otherwise dont buy it at all"
,Not Recommended,221040,22311676,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1L3U7NwhL4Resident Evil didn't invent the survival horror genre as we know it, that distinction belongs to 1992's Alone in the Dark, but it is the franchise that popularized the genre and as a result has become the standard bearer. Over the series 20 year history, it has evolved and changed to stay keep up with modern gameplay and mechanics; pre-rendered back drops were ditched in favor of fully 3d modeled environments. Grid based tank controls and fixed camera angles evolved into a tight over the shoulder perspective with swifter character movement and a dedicated single player experience has been replaced by co-operative gameplay. While no one can accuse the franchise of failing to evolve, it's entirely fair to criticize what it has evolved into. Starting with RE4, the series morphed into a more action game, alienating purists but ultimately appealing to a larger audience. Resident Evil 6 is Capcom's attempt to give both purists and newcomers an agreeable middle ground by splitting the game into four smaller campaings with different protagonists and gameplay styles. The problem is that Capcom's attempt to please everyone has given us a game that fully pleases no one.Players take control of Leon Kennedy, Chris Redfield, Jake Muller and Ada Wong in four separate but interwoven campaigns in an effort to combat the C-Virus. It's a globe spanning whodunit, though players will have cracked the game's mysteries long before the reveal. Players will benefit from having played the other titles in the series in order to have an understanding of the backgrounds of each character. The problem with Resident Evil 6's narrative is that it attempts to be a bigger, more bombastic version of the events in previous games but it only manages to feel needlessly convoluted and dry... The narratives of previous Resident Evil titles have had a silly B movie charm while lovingly fleshing out the game's mythos with countless files and documents. The increase in scope and size ruins the B movie charm but is still too absurd to have blockbuster appeal. The characters have been written into corners and their individual narratives are so complex and independent of each other that this attempt to write these series favorites into the same chain of events is forced and clumsy. It's clear that a narrative reboot is in order for the franchise to retain the charm and quality the first games were known for.Gameplay has received and overhaul that moves Resident Evil further toward pure action. Characters can now aim while moving and heal with the press of a button. While these tweaks are convenient, they take away much of the tension present in previous entries to the franchise. A clunky Gears of War style cover system has also been added pushing the gameplay too far from the series' roots. Puzzles are restricted to Leon and Ada's campaign further betraying the roots of the series. In addition to these changes the game features idiotic cinematic action sequences on motorcycles, jets and snowmobiles that offer needless spectacle. The attempt to force these visually complex and flashy moments into the game cheapens the whole experience. Between the gunplay and watching your characters survive plane crashes, car crashes, helicopter crashes and surviving falls from high places a few zombies don't really pose a credible threat. With its ultra resilient characters Resident Evil 6 could be reskinned as a Justice League game with little effort. As with other action games expect an irritating amount of stick waggling and button mashing thanks to copious quick time events. A spare controller might be required. The melee system has been overhauled as well offering a number of context sensitive commands that frankly make it completely overpowered. Seriously, you can punch your way through half of the game on professional difficulty. It has never been easier to conserve ammo in a Resident Evil though it's not like the game isn't generous in that regard anyway. Speaking of conserving ammo, you will actually be spending most of your time dumping it on the ground thanks to a miserable inventory system. Your characters carry around more guns than John Matrix during the finale of Commando but it doesn't leave much room for bullets. There is also no item swapping between AI or human partners and the UI itself is atrocious.Each campaign generally offers a players a different flavor and some try to recall previous games in the franchise. Leon's campaign is our favorite since it is generally the most traditional. There are a few puzzles and the environments in his campaign are among the most atmospheric in the game. Chris' campaign is pretty much an unofficial Gear of War title, emphasizing gunplay and taking players through a fictional war torn eastern European country called Edonia. It's the weakest campaign in the game as a result of it's fixation with bullets and chest high walls. Jake Muller's campaign is interesting at first since he and series darling Sherry Birkin have to face off against a Nemesis-like creature called the Ustanak. Unlike Resident Evil 3 and Resident Evil 2's scenario B featuring Tyrant, the game design telegraphs the appearance of the Ustanak killing any tension or sense of unpredictability this unstoppable beast might have otherwise provided. The Ustanak also facilitates some of the obnoxious  action set pieces that force players into watching ♥♥♥♥♥♥, bloated cinematic sequences while mashing buttons during quick time events. Since Ada takes her campaign on alone it's more about stealth and offers several puzzles. It works well enough and comes out as one of the stronger campaigns. Having several interconnecting campaigns also means that you replay the same segments with multiple characters and it's completely unnecessary and lazy. If you are not playing the same sections with different characters you can expect to experience the same gameplay gimmicks; like finding three keys in a labyrinth of hallways while being chased by unkillable regenerators. It's like waking up in Bill Murray's shoes in Groundhog Day. Only worse.While it may sound like this is the most awful Resident Evil game to date, the truth is that it was one of the best action games on the market when it was released. When seen as a competitor to games like Gears of War it's stumbles and inconsistencies are more forgivable. The frustrating thing is there are moments in the game that are excellent and are a sign of what could have been if this game was focused on being a Resident Evil game first and pleasing a mass audience second. We expect moody atmosphere, slower paced gameplay and tension from anything in a box that says Resident Evil. In their attempt to give everyone something to like about this game they have created a game that lacks cohesion and focus. After experiencing one of Resident Evil 6's stand out moments, it doesn't take long before the game has your trudging through more cover based shooting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t or waggling your stick like you're having a seizure.It's four campaigns plus Mercenaries mode equates to over 100 hours of entertainment for fans. Each campaign attempts to use some of the best aspects of previous games to give players a total package. Yet, when it all comes together the only thing that makes it feel like a Resident Evil game are the familiar faces of Chris, Ada, Leon and Sherry. In an age where we often get so little for our buck, Capcom tried to give us everything fans could want but it's so inconsistent; wasting time and effort to give players glitz and spectacle instead of tension and scares. It would seem that the survival horror genre that we fell in love with in the 90's is dead. The twitch fodder hide and seek games that are now considered survival horror are mechanically shallow. I hope that the RE2 remake will remind Capcom why the franchise was brilliant."
76561198069808195,Not Recommended,221040,8655011,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,killerSNOWDROP,"i read the reviews and still i had to get this game, (knew what to expect which was little but as an RE addict i could never NOT purchase an RE game)i tried many a forum and could not get this game to play without glitches, i really hope that this franchise will change some things up & change the game play and crazy long cut scenes, no one loves resident evil like i do (well no one i know over 40 like i am)truly like revelations but still the game play is goofy after playing a game like bioshock or dishonored, the RE franchise could be so much more and hopefully the future will see things improving and getting back to old school scares w updated game play."
,Recommended,221040,1752652,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,Archon,"11/27/16 - NominatedEach one of the 4 campaigns focuses on a different aspect that the RE games have covered. Starting with Leon's campaign we have a more old-school and slower-paced experience that aims to recapture the urban pandemonium of Raccoon City, except on a much larger scale as it takes us into China. Zombies and their assorted variants are the only enemies you'll face here (with the exception of the Rasklapanje, which shows up in all the other campaigns, and Ustanak) and you can tell that Capcom made a conscious decision to make sure that any other types of enemies did not appear within this campaign. The overall theme of horror is maintained all the way up until the middle of the 4th chapter when all hell breaks loose. Ending in true Resident Evil style via the use of a rocket launcher on the antagonist of that campaign.Next up is Chris' campaign. As you'd have guessed after playing Resident Evil 5, his campaign focuses on mostly action with one segment that is a tribute to Yawn from the original Resident Evil. Enemies in this campaign are strictly the gun-toting J'avo and their subsequent mutations. The J'avo are not to be confused with zombies, and as such do not fit any criteria of that word's definition. J'avo are the main reason for the more action-oriented segments within that campaign. Chris' story ends in one of the more dramatic scenes in Resident Evil history that truly sets the overall theme of redemption and sacrifice which his campaign covers.Jake's campaign sees the illegitimate son of Albert Wesker being pursued by Neo Umbrella. I'd say that if there were one word to best describe the aspect that his story covers it would be ""Retreat"". Appropriately so, as the C-Virus B.O.W ""Ustanak"" hunts Jake down every step of the way in a clear nod to the Nemesis Tyrant from the game of the same name. Again, J'avo are the only enemies you'll encounter within this scenario.Lastly we have Ada's campaign which is the most varied of all the stories, though it focuses more on stealth, survival and puzzles. In it you'll fight both zombies and J'avo as you try to unravel the mystery of Ada's doppleganger.So now that we've covered the overall themes of the campaigns, let's get into what really sets this game apart from other Shooters. This game easily has the most fluid controls of any TPS I've ever played. Though at first glance, the game's controls seem pretty straight-forward for a TPS. L-trigger aims your weapon, right trigger shoots when your weapon is readied and melees when it isn't, while L3 makes you sprint. There is a cover system as well, but it's rudimentary and not nearly as elaborate as something like GoW or AoT. (Think of its inclusion in the same way that multiplayer functions in Dark Souls. It's implemented on a basic level and usually won't be used, but still useful when you find yourself in a bad situation.). Here, the game passes itself off as a generic shooter until you actually discover the dodging and melee mechanics. There is a good deal for me to cover, but let's start with the basics and a video of how well the combat system works when masteredhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUjmW5GgU_cHitting A or L3 (360 Controller) while your weapon is readied will cause you to dodge in place. Combining this with different directions on the left stick will allow you to dodge in the corresponding direction. Releasing the left trigger allows you to resume normal movement, but holding on it will cause you to lie prone with your weapon drawn. While prone, you can move in the same directions that you can while standing. Flicking the left stick will cause you to either roll to the left or right, or make you scramble backwards. This is an invaluable skill to learn for dodging/animation cancelling and setting yourself up for retaliatory attacks.Sprinting while hitting the L-Trigger will cause you to slide on your back. This can be useful for getting through a bunch of enemies relatively safely, or to stun them for a melee attack. As with dodging, if you keep the L-Trigger held after sliding you'll go into a prone state. Quickly reversing your direction while keeping your weapon drawn will also allow you to flip yourself in the opposite direction while going prone. Next up is Quick-Shotting. Quick-Shotting is (as far as I know) a mechanic unique to Resident Evil 6 that allows you to fire a non-precision shot at your target. It is a crucial mechanic to master for quickly dispatching enemies with melee or for stunning them so that you can get into a better position. A Quick-Shot is performed by hitting L and R at the same time while using either the left or right analog stick to aim the direction of your shot. Keep in mind that the tracking radius for Quick-Shotting is rather small and it will target the nearest enemy in the direction you aimed. A Quick-Shot is always a guaranteed stun on most standard non-mutated enemies. Finally we have counters. Countering in this game is a mechanic that allows a player to evade an enemy attack and respond with one of their own. A counter can be performed on most non-boss enemies by hitting the R trigger (without your weapon drawn) at the appropriate time. Not only does this grant invulnerability frames, it also allows you to dish out a massive amount of damage within a short time (and is particularly useful for extending the Time Limit in Mercenaries mode.). Some enemies have counters unique to them (such as Bloodshots) that allow you to severely damage, if not outright kill them.So yeah, sounds complicated? And you're probably wondering how well all of what I've mentioned in the previous paragraphs functions together. Well, sometimes Quick-Shotting can hit the wrong target if you fire it into a group (Though this rarely happens if you're keeping track of where enemies are around you.). The contextual action to parkour while sprinting is also a bit too sensitive, but can be easily managed by learning what you can and cannot parkour over, and when you should sprint. As for the cover system. You'd think that going into cover when your weapon is drawn and you're close enough to something would be a horrible game mechanic, but the game is very, very strict about how close and which way you have to be positioned for this to even happen. The cover system does its job well enough despite lacking a bit of polish, as this isn't a cover shooter. Control of the camera in this game will also be sometimes taken from you to focus on a point of interest or objective during the campaigns (you are usually invulnerable while this occurs, though enemies still move around), but generally not in a way that feels disorienting as long as you're actually paying attention to the game. Though, since you're not invulnerable once the camera control is returned, it can somtimes lead to enemies getting a cheap hit in on you. It's a minor issue, but is something that happens from time to time. There are a fair amount of QTEs in the game, similar in number to RE4's, but if you were able to handle the QTEs that RE4 threw at you, then RE6's should pose even less of a problem to you. There are also about 5 brief driving segments in this game (they're not really anything special, but they're handled well enough for what they are). Most bad reviews of the game like to hyperbole the camera and QTES in the game to absurd degrees. Again, as long as you're paying attention, you should not be failing the QTEs in this game (and there is an option that was patched in to allow the game to perform them for you, for the most part). One last thing to note is that the progression of chapters is pretty much straight-forward and linear (though there hasn't been an RE game since Dead Aim that wasn't as such).Overall, the game has a lot to offer for those actually willing to learn and master its controls, despite some poor design choices.8.75 out of 10Video review can be found here:http://youtu.be/PjysLBQAY6o"
,Recommended,221040,32650424,Posted: 22 June,all,Timelessecko,"Alright, so this game right here is very interesting to play and the story is very intense in terms of plot anad character development. If you're looking for a Resident Evil game that will keep you on your toes, this is the game for you. If you're new to the franshise I would suggest that you go back and play Resident Evil 0 to Resident Evil 6 to get the full story. In this game, there is an older Leon and Chris. Both are going on a wild ride, and that also includes the son of Albert Wesker. If you find this review pleasant, then this is the game for you. Give it a try and I swear you won't be disappointed. P.S. It is best to not fire randomly as ammo in this game is very crucial."
,Recommended,221040,26393074,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Wolfie,Dynamic QTE ~ Dodge Diving ~ Shooting while on the Ground ~ So many Melee AttacksAnd Max Payne is Blonde!!! But still is addicted to Pills
,Recommended,221040,11433718,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,*Jill ☾,"I don't know why there are so much hate for this game. RE6 doesn't totally suck. In fact, I enjoy playing it with my partner. I love the Co-Op. We're still going through with the entire campaign and so far, loving it! Although far from perfect, I enjoy playing this game than Revelations (Sorry, I just have to put it out). Revelations is awesome, Jill is awesome, but zombie factor? Nuh-uh. I love the Bosses/Special Zombies kn this game. But yea sure, we miss the classic RE style,(the game feels less Survival-ish, and more Mission-ish) and we wish the chances of playing with other players (campaign crossovers) are high, and we wish they had used some characters we missed, still, the game is good. I do miss the classic RE where you have to figure out on your own what to do, which way to go, and how to do it unlike this one where everything is almost handed out to you. All you have to do is click or tap. (but since technology has advanced since then, well, it makes it kinda realistic I guess) I love how there are more than one campaign to play and the Extras are fun! I love playing Mercs with other players.Overall, I say you guys should give this game a try! I recommend it!"
,Recommended,221040,11119285,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Swaghetti Yolonase,This game is more like an educational film warning against the dangers of letting Leon Kennedy drive any kind of vehicle.
,Recommended,221040,30570597,Posted: 17 March,all,沐云却念,"It's really a fabulous game. The four main line synchronizations, you can only play the four lines to know the whole story described in biochemistry six. Mode of cooperation, let me such a timid player for the first time through the biochemical crisis series. Body art is very good, the end of the body of different characters are very handsome power is also very large, and the physical strength of the body has limited too strong, very balanced design.Collecting information is also great, let me in the free time to understand the background story of the game!! Full marks!"
76561198071388760,Not Recommended,221040,20693453,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,chrisseeto,"Where do i start with this game. They took the suspense and replaced it with cheap jump scares mindless explosions and annoying quick time events, way too many. You always run out of ammo when things get hairy. Since this game has turned into an action game at least the game should have a decent amount of ammo around. You face the same bosses over and over again.  The ai is what you'd expect from a game with monsters they just run at you face first and they are bullet sponges. They try to make the game longer by having 4 different campaigns which see's every characters point of view leading to the conclusion. The only problem with that is you will run into the same environments over and over again and that makes the game tedious. This is the most ambitious resident evil to date cause it's the biggest one. Also what doesn't work is that they try to add in lot's of turret sequences and those suck. I will admit the scene where chris flies the jet and he has to shoot down the virus filled rockets was pretty fun. The 4 campaigns took me over 20 hours to beat. theres multiplayer but i never tried it. I doubt anyone is playing multiplayer. Overall I think capcom should have made the game 10 hours long and go back to the roots of what resident evil is all about. The only thing about this game that was good are the graphics and sound design everything else was disappointing. I had no problems running the game although the game did crash on me once. If you like resident evil go back and play the older ones cause their more fun. Overall i felt disappointed by this game by being another action game and capcom trying to cash in on the call of duty effect."
76561198033574283,Not Recommended,221040,8385525,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Donners,"Honestly, this game is not worth any money you pay for it.  I only purchased it as to play through it in co-op with a friend, and it really was a nightmare.  We ran into to numerous gamebreaking bugs in every campaign, in Leon's we would instantly recieve a game over after a late game cutscene, after fighting the snake boss in Chris's campaign we would get disconnected after walking through a door, and in Cherry's campaign certain doors wouldn't open depending on who was host.  The game also fell to major technical problems such as framrates dropping to single digits 3-6fps, for no reason, and this was after several patches to 'fix' prior issues.  Story is a mesh, it could have been told better in a much tighter 10-12 hour single campaign.  Characters are flat and 2 dimensional, secondary characters really have no place as they appear and then dissapear within the same level.  Overall there is just nothing to bring me back to game since completing the 3 main campaigns in co-op, no lasting appeal."
76561197996046481,Not Recommended,221040,8347724,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ObviousIssues,"Unless you have a dedicated and patient friend to play this with, I cannot in good conscience recommend it, even discounted."
,Not Recommended,221040,8561208,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Horrid,"This has to be the worst resident evil I have ever played, its completely built around run and gun mechanics, head shots do jack, and you spend half your time trying to cycle through your inventory to combine herbs to heal yourself.This isn't even survival horror anymore, its like the creator watched the resident evil movies and thought.... well if they can do it, we can make a super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game exactly the same way, congrats, you did it.Will be the last one i ever purchase, even on sale. GG you've betrayed the series and lost another fan."
,Recommended,221040,8167644,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Oscar_Lovos,This is one of the best Resident evil games.The Cooperative mode is really cool.
,Not Recommended,221040,20243155,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,BigDaddy,"The way how to ruin a good franchise:- Remove any decent story elements and add really dumb plotholes.- Ruin characters by avoiding the creation of any moments for empathy- Add extreme action, I mean, Dolph Lundgren would be jealous. Oh and make this action as unrealistic as possible, that you can only laugh (if your the humorous-type) or cry (if you can't believe what they have done to Resident Evil).- Start Cutscenes while Zombies attack you! Don't worry, they will keep on attacking while you have to watch the cutscene.- Add as much quicktime-events as possible, to make the cutscenes so much better...There is more what is totally wrong about this game. I can't enjoy it, and hell I'm a Resident Evil-Fan, watching the movies, playing the games, etc... but I really have to force myself through this... A friend of mine have a good laugh about all the non-sense happening, but there is no feel of horror, tension, or interest in story... Wow, the story, seriously... I hope you are as braindead as those zombies, otherwise you will not be able to endure all the terrible ""lucky incidents"", ""surviving-the-impossible-scenes"" and just jumping from one scene to the next, which leaves so many questions open about how the protagonists got their, that you might think, you skipped a whole level.Urghs, I wasted enough time writing this review for Resident Evil 6... If you are young and new to the franchise, lock yourself in a dark room, start Resident Evil 1 - 3 (no matter if HD, classic or whatsoever) and stop right there... (well, maybe consider Outbreak and the Lightgun shooters as well... and... Code Veronica)..."
76561198011965365,Recommended,221040,14150180,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"A lot of people did not like this game, but i enjoyed it. Graphics are cool, new inventory system. Can play coop with a friend if you want.yes it is no longer a survival horror but when you play leons campaign, it feels like reaident evil 3 not the gameplay but the map. Some campaigns do bring horror but most campaigns the game is just a shooter.There are 4 different campaigns: including leon, Chris, Jack, Ada all 4 has different campaigns.Cool thing is all 4 campaigns all link/hook up to everyones story."
,Recommended,221040,873463,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Soundcreepy,"Yes, Yes. Yes! This game is awesome! 4 main campaigns. Some all action, some with a fear element, all fun. You can even invade other people's games and play as monsters! My only gripe is the many, many QTE's but other than that, the graphics, gameplay, and even the story are all AWESOME!Its true this follows more along the vein of RE5 than 4 (more action than suspense) but you know, thats not exactly a bad thing. You owe it to yourself to check this out."
,Not Recommended,221040,8101046,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Fox Pocket,"The epitome of bad game design.A mishmash of AAA game clichés slapped together with no polish or focus resulting in a glitchy, disorienting and soulless experience with mechanics that do not function more than half the time.That being bad enough on its own this is stretched out over a 20+ hour campaign with a story that is so convoluted and all over the place that it is hard to even find humor in its bad writing because you cannot even tell what you are witnessing most of the time.It is also somehow aesthetically inferior to its almost decade old predecessor.There is nothing redeeming about this game sans the few moments slogging through the hours of bad cover shooting and QTE's where you can just laugh about how terrible something is. Even then the amount you have to endure to get to these few moments is not worth it."
76561198010036390,Not Recommended,221040,7932576,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Thurkal,"Straight to the point: Awfull game. Bad controls, bad camera and half of the game is full of button smashing QTE's.I've always enjoyed every RE game up to 5, and was really looking forward for this this one, even tho I had heard lots of negative comments and reviews of it. And I should have listened..I tried playing it, for like 15 minutes and had to quit, it was so bad. Later I gave it another shot, played few hours and again, had to quit. The game feels more like an annoying chore than a game. After few weeks I decided to really get into it and thought if I just look past all the negative stuff I might start enjoying it. So I played it almost through with all characters, and I'll propably never touch the game again. It's amongst the worst games I have ever played and nothing can fix it, not unless Capcom decides to fix the clunky controls and terrible camera.I would give this game a 3/10 rating, and thats only because I love the series so much."
76561198027038417,Recommended,221040,31798929,Posted: 16 May,all,sevenix.zp,"This game is awesome despite what all the mainstream reviews would tell you. Is it scary? Hell no. Does it have believeable events/physics? Hell no. Does it have a groundbreaking story? Hello.Does it have absolutely ridiculous bosses and set pieces? ♥♥♥♥ yes it does! There is so much content here it's amazing. You are never doing the same thing twice in a row.The game mechanics are actually very solid, but they do have a bit of a learning curve because they are so different from nearly every other game out there (you can roll around and shoot from the ground and stuff).I only really have two complaints with the game: 1) I kinda wish bosses had health bars, because sometimes you are unsure if you are even doing damage, but it appears like you always are and there probably aren't many/any god frames or anything, 2) I don't really like the small RPG mechanics in this kind of game. It lets you buy some upgrades [say 10% chance to insta kill on headshots] but I would rather all those upgrades be unlocked from the start. However, having a modified ""build"" to match your playstyle is a neat idea.I feel like this game didn't sell well because people generally disliked RE5 (for some understandable reason... but this game is much better), and mainstream reviewers bashed this game for IMO no real reason.... so not many people even gave it a shot.Give it a shot! I think it is really fun."
,Not Recommended,221040,34025888,Posted: 4 August,all,CCL sama,"Resident Evil 6 has horror elements, but the main focus now is totally on the fast paced action side. This one has over the top action sequences and impossible stunts.Most of the hero acting like superheroes with chessy lines straight from an action movie.This game has a lot of content, but it's a step down quality wise.I have played with my brother RE 5 in one go with enjoyment, but in RE 6 we already got bored after the first campaign.The new characters are very generic, there are a lot of forced sequences where you can't control your char, but enemies can still hit you which is not a good solution. You rarely have the feeling that you are in danger, you just shoot stuff!Important tips are shoved into the loading screen were I mostly can't read it because it's loading too fast. Only after playing through the game I tried to read some guide and was surprised that I missed so many moves and tactics.Mercenaries mode is still a lot of fun. I enjoyed it more than the whole campaigns lol.There is also a similar mode, but in L4D style which is quite fun too!The other gamemodes are pretty much dead and mostly empty.All in all I can't really call this a Resident Evil game anymore, but on the other hand if you have zero expectation and like it fast paced then this might be a game for you."
,Recommended,221040,19165534,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Gutter,"I am a big fan of co-op games.  I wish there were more games with as much focus on co-op as Resident Evil 6 has.Co-op is built into the story and gameplay in fun ways.  Lots of opportunity for you to work as a team, and even rescue eachother.I love the combat in this game.  I find the weapons, melee, and movement to all be very smooth and responsive.Mercenaries and especially Mercenaries No Mercy are a lot of fun co-op and solo.  No Mercy seems to spawn about twice as many zombies as normal, and in co-op it is a ton of fun annihilating big crowds of zombies.This is one of the most fun co-op games I have ever played.If you have a pal you really like to game with, and you are looking for a great game to play, this is a must buy."
76561198033039112,Recommended,221040,12079439,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Used Napkin,"A lot of Resident Evil fans call this ""the worst game of all time"" because it's not that scary. In terms of an actual game, Resident Evil 6 is one of the most fun and satisfying adventures I've ever played, especially with co-op. If you're done crying about how bad the game is because you fire your gun more than in RE4, I'd highly recommend picking up this awesome game."
,Recommended,221040,966334,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Zaric Zhakaron,"The single player is worth about $19-25, it's playing with friends that really makes this worthwhile: Resident Evil 6 is a great Co-Op game. It's got an entertaining story that intersects through the 4 campaigns. The wide range of  difficulty levels allows even the weakest of Co-Op partners to still enjoy the game. You can do split-screen on lan and control the game with one keyboard/mouse and one Xbox controller, or two Xbox controllers.Multiple copies of the game can also play Co-Op over the internet, and you can invite people off your steam list to join you provided they own the game. If you are playing an online game, you may find certain sections where 2 online co-op partners may also join your game for a 4 player story-based event or boss battle.Regardless as to whether you are playing Split Screen or Internet, you have an option for your game called Agent Hunt that will make the game harder if you decide to turn it on, explained below.There is one and only one REAL downside to this game that I have experienced, QTEs or QuickTimeEvents; the release for this game was blasted in reviews for it's QTEs where you'd have to mash buttons during cutscenes. If QTEs are not too your liking you can enable ""Auto Action Button"" in the menu as of a recent update, yup, they fixed it!For players whom want to be competitive, there are two mutliplayer modes in addition to Co-Op. The most well known is Mercenaries where you can fight in Deathmatch against one another...However where the fun really came in for me was in the AGENT HUNT mode, where you join another player's campaign as a zombie, and you and your fellow zombie players are tasked with hunting down and killing the human player(s). You naturally move a LOT slower than them, but you can make up for that with quick-travel vents and other holes that human players can't move through. How you win? MAKE THE HUMAN PLAYERS DIE OR FAIL!If you choose to register at residentevil . netit will keep track of all your player records, and you will earn EXP toward ""Agent Levels"" that can be used to unlock costumes and other bonus content. The website will also host ""events"" every week that players can participate in. The winner of an event will have that win permanently placed on their profile.As with many, many other games the true value in it is using it as a social tool, co-op, death match, or agent hunt all make the game great."
76561198002986817,Recommended,221040,30695789,Posted: 23 March,all,Phantom Virus,"If you are looking for a true blue zombie killing resident evil game that's scary and meaningful, then don't waste your time with this game. If you have a good friend and want an action packed thrill ride, then this game is for you! The only reason I enjoyed this game was playing co op with a friend. Me and him had tons of fun and I'm glad we played together. Honestly, I think I'd have enjoyed RE 5 more if I had played CO OP. It is far from a good game, its kinda garbage. Still, it's a great co op game and I had a lot of fun. If you are looking for a great co op game, then get this game. If not, then I wouldn't reccomend it."
76561198070062598,Recommended,221040,18128384,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Su1s1d13,"Not the classic puzzle solving, bullet conserving, jump scare filled Resident Evil I grew up with, but still a lot of fun.  A very entertaining 3rd person shooter no matter what the die hards say.  The freedom of movement created by the addition of diving, sliding, rolling, ducking, etc makes the many big shootouts a lot of fun."
76561197986596613,Recommended,221040,26440159,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Pear,"Very different from the other Resident Evil games, since you're provided with extreme mobility, like jumping in any direction, lay on the floor AND shoot, raise from the floor and turn backwards, dodging, you name it. There're 4 campaigns, where the 4th one feel like crap in coop.You gotta create herbs into pills that you can store, which is a nice little thing.Every campaign has it's own playstyle (so to speak), such as - Leon is the spoopy one, Chris is action and the last one is where you have to run away from this huge dude, which is fun c:Co-op is perfect, movement perfect, communication is perfect except for that you have to use Steam chat, which is fine since they sit down with their phones every time you chat to each other. Graphics are a plus as wellWhat I DON'T like about the game, is that you don't trade or decide who gets the items, you both get it. For example, if there's a new shotgun laying there, you take it, and your partner still sees it, so he can take it as well. Also collectables, you shoot the emblem and the other still sees it being there.I don't mind the inventory system at all, but honestly I prefer the one in 5 still.Overall, I'm in love with this game"
,Recommended,221040,29626806,Posted: 1 February,all,Tatsuya Shiba,"As a fan of the series Resident Evil 1-6 of the game is good, I'm all of the Resident Evil franchise, and liked the game is not necessary because it is a great quibble over it works best developers such as Shinji Mikami, Tokura Fujiwara, Hideki Kamiya. I would like to say thank you to them they gave us Resident Evil"
,Recommended,221040,31158730,Posted: 15 April,all,RazrShoota,"Great game, doesnt deserve the hate that a lot of the fanboys give it. Although I do respect the decision that was made to bring back the roots of the series in RE7, I do also think that they did a very good job regarding how they did the transition with this game for the series towards more of an action theme. I personally still felt the Resident Evil feeling with this game instead of feeling like it was something completely different. I recommend this game to anyone that isn't a sensitive fanboy that can never be pleased. Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ those kinds of people."
,Recommended,221040,20294557,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,`RiqqeR,Directed by the Japanese Michael Bay.10/10
76561198111647032,Not Recommended,221040,8370462,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,IncendiaryBiscuit,"I find this game to be lacking. The game play is very ""pretty"" but it doesnt feel like a RE game. All the characters are there, the idea is still there, but I feel they tried too hard in order to make this game. I am completely let down by this game.  I should have listened to others who have said that it wasnt good, but it was on the Halloween sale for pretty cheap so I decided to try it anyways. I wish I wouldnt have wasted my money for it. I love all the other RE games but this just left me wanting to play a different RE game. Im not really sure how to explain this game, but just know from a die hard RE fan that this was lacking and I was extremely disappointed in this."
,Recommended,221040,28555012,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Draven,"This game is a steal for the current sale price of $8.39.And yes I meant the $8:39 because the main game (great Co Op experience) and the extra game modes are fun and are worth getting.  So grab Resident Evil 6 Complete, grab a friend, play all 4 of the main campaigns, play the extra game modes (the more people that hop on the more people we have to play together, but even with a just a few of your friends the extra modes are fun), and thank me for it later ;) .This game never deserved the hate it got back when it came out nor does it deserve it now.  Is it maybe left a little unpolished here or there?;, yes, but what it lacks in polish in some areas it makes up for in sheer content and new fun concepts/gameplay.This game is like getting 4 games in one!Seriously though it is.  And people that don't really really try the game enough, don't understand just how great the combat/movement is now.I know the changes in RE 6 take some getting used to and personally I think that's a big reason why people don't give it enough of a chance. The demo does a poor job of showing the game's potential.The controls are a little different now (coming from Re5) -not having the knife handy felt odd at first but for the trade off of being able to roll out of the way to either side, being able to slide, being able to quick fire, being able to duck, being able to jump to your back, roll foward, run+slide+quick turn around (can run from an enemy slide then turn around fast to fire on him while on the ground), etc. it was worth it.  NOTE: that Leon's story angle starts off not letting you use all controls right out of the gate, give it a second and they become available so don't play it for five seconds and go, ""these controls suck"", calm it down wait for them to kick in ;) .Also at first the Healing/Herb Use set up feels weird but once you understand how it works it's actually pretty cool and doesn't stop the action, which I believe is the point of the new inventory set up:1.) There's a button combo you can use to automatically combine your best herbs without even opening the inventory.2.) As you combine herbs the dots you see on the herb result are how many life blocks that get added to your case for instant use. Put one herb that has one dot in your case and it gives you the ability to instant heal one life block (via heal key), combine a red and a green herb and it gives you a 6 dot herb to add to your case and thus you can heal 6 heal blocks just from it; the more herbs you add to your case the higher your instant heal potential can be.Also I think People complain because starting with Re5 they think that the games moved away from what the series was, but infact the series was morphing into something that fit the storyline perfectly like it or not:-Umbrella was looking for a way to weaponize biological weapons to their fullest and what better way than to make creatures that can do even more but will listen to what they are told to do.  Thus as much as we didn't like it, half smart zombies that could efficently use guns, axes, etc. showed up as they fit Umbrella's agenda and thus the story line.  And with more crazy badies the action picked up and thus became an action co op horror instead of just lone wolf survivial horror.However that does not mean Re5 and 6 are bad games, quit the opposite really they are plain Action Co Op fun taking down horrible monstrosities.Back on track though More on RE6-What Resident Evil 6 is, is really a love letter to it's previous games, to it's fans, and an ode to one of the other greatest zombie killing Co Op games of all time, Left 4 Dead.Where Resident Evil 6 may lack some polish here or there it makes up for in the meatiness of the game; your basically getting 4 games for the price of one.You play through 4 different angles of the storyline (which at some points intersect, and thus your game could have 2 other real people playing with you and your buddy, if they are playing their game and are at the same story line point your team is at the same time) with each angle being Co Op and having different partners for that angle:Leon and Helna Campaign- an ode to oldschool RE Style (slow moving, not so smart, back to basic zombies) and an ode to one of the other great zombie games of all time L4D (Church, Ammo shop Areas, etc).Chris and Piers Campaign- Re5 style action back in play(run and gun), cranked UP and with a more military twist (Chris finds out it's hard to be a leader of a squad, and he's struggling getting over the emotions brought on from Re5).Sherry and Jake Campaign- an ode to Resident Evil Nemesis (Run!) with a touch of martial art super human fun (I'm lookin' at you Jake, good thing you got your Dad's blood or that injection might not of went so well huh?).Ada and Agent Campaign- ode to 2 of the greatest known yet unknown characters of the series (atleast till now; I'm lookin at you Ada...I mean you are wearing tight leather pants after all, erh I mean...your story is expalined more in this game, erh umm yeah that's it), Ada and Hunk, erh umm Ada and The Agent, which is clearly Hunk to me (note Agent is not totally fleshed out as Ada's mission was at first just set as a single player experience, as in he's not in the cutscenes with Ada and he kinda teleaports to where she goes when using her zip gun, but still totally worth it to have yet one more Co Op Campaign; he was thrown in extra for that exact reason last min. and he's still cool as hell---love his freaking punch in mercs mode).I won't spoil the storyline, but I will say this is a Resident Evil game so you gotta expect someone trying to destroy stuff and a little cheese, but all Re Games have that horror/slapstick aspect to break it up, but that's what makes it Resident Evil imo.Then there's the extra game modes!-Oh and I almost forgot once you beat the game with any of the three starting Campaigns, Leon and Helna, Chris and Piers, or Sherry and Jake (Ada and The Agent's Campaign is an extra Campaign that used to be an unlockable as well, but now is available from the start I think), you'll unlock Agent Hunt mode.  Agent Hunt mode allows you to control various monsters throughout another person's playthrough of their Campaign (at certain points) if they have it checked as an option when they start their game!   And you don't have to go it alone, there can be more than one human controlled monster via Agent Hunt mode so you may have another person join up as a monster as well and together you can cooridinate an attack.Just like Resident evil 5 this game has an extra mode The Mercenaries. In The Mercenaries mode, you have a set amount of time to try to stay alive and kill as many monsters as you can till the chopper arrives, shooting for a high Grade rating, however you can up your timer and your points per kill in various ways.  There's also The Mercenaries No mercy mode that's pretty much just like The Mercenaries mode, but a lot tougher and has the option to play as the characters from Left 4 Dead 2 and has some of the boss type character from L4D2.Not to mention the Predator extra game mode from the DLC (if you listen to me and get the Complete version for the $8.39 sale price right now), that's a lot of fun, where you can run around as the big baddie from Jake and Sherry's Campagin trying to catch the other players or vice versa depending on how it starts, but no worries everyone gets a turn ;) .-And as a sweet extra feature you can unlock extra costumes for these modes as well.There are a few other extra game modes as well both from base game and dlc's I believe, but those I mentioned were the most fun to play to me.Anyways it's getting late here now, but this game is TOTALLY worth the sale price, and especially if you play it Co Op.If you've been on the fence just grab it, enjoy it, and thank me later by up voting this review.Thanks,Sid."
76561198087884813,Recommended,221040,33404402,Posted: 9 July,all,Camilotj,"If you are a hardcore RE old-school fan do not buy this, but if you can appriciate this game as an independent game with tons of conent, good gameplay, cool story then give this game a chance because most of the reviews online are angry fans complaining because this game is not exactly the same as the RE of their childhood"
,Not Recommended,221040,7454692,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,๖ۣۜZug Zug,"THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING BAD.   Ok I love the RE series have since I was a young kid. This game trys to be to many things and doesn't stick to its roots.First off you got Leon's campaign.  This was actually a decent expereince for the first few parts and also cause there using zombies you know that enemy that made RE.  Yet it fails horribly with a boss fight that takes to long for its own good.  Other then that though if they would have just fleshed this one out and said screw it to the other campaigns I think we would have had a good time here. Leon's partner actually isn't annoying and has valid♥♥♥♥♥♥to say.Chris's campaign is probably the worse one of the bunch which is a shame.  It goes all out for the action but there are way to many repetitive cutscenes that force you to watch as enemies come out of the wood works, couldn't I have just watched this happen in real time so I can shoot back and not be surrounded because the game forces you to watch as they come out.  I walk into a room a cut scene happens in real time im getting killed but I have to watch the cutscene cause it was so F-in important.   If you do get this game skip that campaign.Jake's campaign is what I like to call boy meets girl.  This campaign is mostly about how Jake the big badass mercenary finally hits puberty and falls for girl. It suffers the same♥♥♥♥♥♥with Chris's campaign to many cutscenes that take away from the experience.  I will say I did enjoy the boss fight when you go one on one with a big badass other then that you go through the same♥♥♥♥♥♥you went through in Chris's campaign because there campaigns are intertwined which makes replayability low.Ada's campaign is so-so.  At least it shows you alot of what was going on in the side but other then that it was pretty bland like this whole game was.Bottom ♥♥♥♥ing line if you love the RE series this will be a kick in your balls or vag because it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. The story was too convoluted and really it just makes for another stupid sequel unless Capcom pulls their head out of their♥♥♥♥♥  Capcom really ♥♥♥♥ed it on this one guys."
76561197969427154,Not Recommended,221040,11318713,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,вıɢ воѕѕ,"Compared to Resident Evil 5, Resident Evil 6 is a decrease. Graphics are still the same or even a little bit worse than in the prequel. As far as I know RE 5 was a console port, too. But the difference was, that you didn't noticed. In RE 6 for instance there's abutton for dashingand thesame button is used for actionsuch as climbing ledges. So imagine you're running from a B.O.W. and you walk pass a ledge. You automatically climb that ledge because you hold theDash / Actionbutton. This brings me to the parts, where you have to run from a giant B.O.W. or a helicopter (Yes, a helicopter, but I'll come back to this later.). You dash in a particular direction and you see a ledge. You climb it automatically, and you think here it comes in handy, right? Wrong! You should release the action button and walk two steps away from the ledge, because the protagonist is going to climb automaticall down again. And up again, and down again and repeat. This caused 7+ deaths on the same spot.Let's get to the gameplay itself. You start for the first time with a prelude which you're going to recognize later in the game. In this prelude you will be introduced to every possible situation that you will encounter in the game, such as dashing, quicktime-event like situation where you have to mash your button sometimes or react at the right time.The quicktime-event parts are the only thing that are better than in Resident Evil 5!The StoryThere are four campaigns:LeonChrisJakeAdaForewordThere is a new skill system added which allows you to carry eight boxes filled with three skills. You can switch between these boxes in  the menu whichwoun't pause the game when you enter it or the item / weapon menu!You can unlock unlimited ammo for weapon types such as shotguns and equip these skills. There are eight weapon types, so you can't have unlimited ammo with all weapon types at the same time.The hardest setting (No Hope) doesn't allow you to have any skill equiped!Unlike Resident Evil 5, you will get weapons which you can't collect. That means if you start over, you will have to wait, untill you get that weapon, for instance a magnum pistol. You can't upgrade weapons, only enhance their behaviour by equipping skills. This takes you away the freedom of exploring, a bit.Like in RE5 there are blue emblems that you can shoot in order to unlock files and figures. The bad thing is, that unlike in RE5, the emblems you shoot, will appear again if you play through that chapter again.You will encounter enemies that are like the Urobors soldiers at the end of RE 5, and yes they have guns. The only good thing are zombies, especially when they come in large numbers. There are some different special zombies like a big fat one and a really big fat one. There are zombies with red eyes which mutate and zombies that scream to attract other zombies.The B.O.W.s are mostly boring and/or annoying. They are mostly disgustingly slimy. There were slimy enemies in previous installments of the game, but here, they're exaggerating. Even worse than in RE 5. One of the most annoying things are, thateven zombiesdisappear after killing them. Most of the boss fights are slimy and slobbery. You will find yourself in situatuons where you thinkAm I still playing Resident Evil?The only cool thing is, that you encounter protagonists from the other campaigns and share even bossfights with sometimes. That means you will fight some bosses twice.To the helicopter part I mentioned before.There are even helicopters as enemies and you will even use one.Every campaign has two playable characters, except Ada.I woun't tell you story elements, but I will tell you how each campaign felt for me. If you don't want to get biased, then you should skip the next parts with the campaign headlines.LeonYou start in a university. It's pretty dark and you walk around, searching a way to get out of there. Here you slightly get theRacoon City flair. Later you'll get in the city and it looks like you're in Racoon City again. Later you get to a cathedral and from this point on, you should turn the game off. You will encounter numerous places where you thinkWhy didn't anybody notice this before?orHow the hell did I get from that place to this place?. From the cathedral on a plane that heads to China. The game trailers make you think this will be a survival horror, like in the good 'ol days but in third person where you have to aim yourself. You will end up throwing ammo away in order to pick up something else and kill one enemy after another.ChrisThe worst campaign is Chris Redfield's campaign. This feels like Gears of War. Running, shooting, enemies who shoot back, B.O.W.s who are slimy andabsolutely no classic zombies!I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not! Not even a single infected human throughout the whole campaign! This has nothing to with Resident Evil anymore.JakeThe new character Jake Muller has a known partner Sherry Birkin from Resident Evil 2. In this campaign you get partially a similar flair from Resident Evil 3, because a Nemesis-like B.O.W. is hunting you (and he's the only boss in the game which isn't slimy). The bad thing is, you don't encounter this guy randomly like Nemesis. You will find out story elements in this campaign which bring up even more questions. By the way, there aren't classic zombies in this campaign either.AdaThis campaign has a stealthy flair in the beginning and harder puzzles than the other campaigns. The whole campaign feels more challenging. You will get annoyed by Ada'scoolnesspretty soon. There are zombies here again but not as much as in Leon's campaign.ConclusionYouhave to be a fanof the franchise in order to go on playing this game after the disillusionment of the Leon campaign which is the top campaign, therefore you pick this one first. You play a part of this campaign in the prelude anyway. In Resident Evil 5 you were"
,Recommended,221040,13951249,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Chu4Lyfe,"This game is only fun when playing with a friend, so find one.My favorite campaigns 1-41-Jake SherryGood story, many action and Jake has the best lines in the game. Their character development is good. *Edit--> Worst part of this campaign is finding the keys in the snowy mountains. Good luck with that and what comes after it =D2- Chris PiersNon-stop action, Chris is a mad man, too bad he doesn't get to kill boulders this game. But I think those rock looking things you fight is close enough.3- Leon HelenaStarted off real slow and wasn't as amazing until the final boss. Best part about this is that the theme is RE4 like for Leon. Rainy, castle-ish, etc.4- Ada WongIt was fun to see Ada help the 3 groups throughout the stage, but some of the things I had to do was annoying and how I had to do it. I couldn't get away from the damn bug guy, or the chainsaw guy was mad annoying as hell on top of the bus.Overall, you must play this game with someone who likes it or you'll uninstall it right away. That was the only way I was able to actually play the game, is because I played with someone who liked it and guided me through the way. The campaigns are nearly not as memorable as the past RE's.Final Score: Resident Evil (6)/10 [Campaign wise]"
76561198071356807,Not Recommended,221040,8244892,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,zkastner,"It was ok, don't get it unless there's a giant sale. Also, it had zombies with guns. That shouldn't be a thing like wtf?"
76561198022370609,Not Recommended,221040,12923694,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Tiny Trees,"LONG REVIEW - BE PATIENT.The best advice I can give if you are going to play RE6, is start with the Leon missions. Do missions in the order they appear; Leon, Chris, etc. I thought you chose one character and played the whole game with that person and skill set. I chose Ada, the last character, and it was incredibly difficult with hardly any ammo. Sheer desperation made me mention how hard it was in a forum, and I was told start with Leon.The game is cram packed full of cut-scenes, either long or short. The short ones are on average about every two minutes. It constantly pulls control away from the player. It might just be that  the ground rocks, but then you lose control, the camera sways, and the character wobbles. Then you have to press your control keys again to get going. There are parts of the game where it happens less, then there parts when it's non-stop. There are even times when it takes camera angle control from you and expects you to carry on.Over-all though it is a constant wrangle to maintain control. When you get to a ledge, you can't just jump up it. You have to wait for it to say 'space', then you can press space and jump up. Nearly everything is controlled in this way throughout. Endless, endless pressing keys.That brings you onto the quick-time-events. Non-stop button mashing that has nothing to do with normal control. It's Ok to an extent, but even the most patient person gets annoyed. You think, ""what is this for"".Then onto how difficult it can be. There is one part I recall. 3rd Chris chapter, you have to run across a load of boats and moorings. You have to make it within time, or wherever you are you die. Checkpoints make you repeat it until you get it right. I can not tell you how bad that whole event was. I was screaming. (Not the only time I was screaming in this game either.)5/10 is generous, but I don't quite think it's a 4/10. It's strong points are that sometimes the combat is great. The sets can be OK, but mostly they are dimly lit. The cathedral chapter in the Leon campaign is epic. If only they had made the whole game like that.The bosses are just unbelievably annoying. The Leon boss kept coming back at various latter stages of the Leon missions. I became sick of the sight of it, and sick of shooting it. Completely stupid method to kill it. I had to search online to find out how. What they have done is build up the difficulty over each character's campaign. Only it doesn't work. It feels like catastrophic insulting garbage from the developers, and you want blood as compensation. They try to make it a huge experience. However all it does is fall flat on it's face by kicking you in the teeth non-stop.Falling over is something that happens a lot with your character. Endless boom, flat on your back. It's noisy a lot. In fact they should have called the game - 'Boom, flat on your back'. I honestly don't know if I can finish it. I have given it a good go. I sold RE5 (CD-copy) unfinished as well."
,Not Recommended,221040,8328624,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Islandshadows88,"EDIT: I know I have upset  alot of people with my last review so Iet me clear a few things up.Anyone who is looking for a real survival horror experience look else where cause this game isn't what resident evil was when the first 3 games came out,  playing chris redfield's mission is by far the worst out of all the characters, it was like I was playing gears of war. You will have more enjoyment playing resident evil's the older titles than playing this game which franchise has changed drastically from survival horror to a mere action game."
,Recommended,221040,21995984,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Teroclaisn,Just finished RE6 recently and it has one of the most powerful stories I've seen in a video game despite its simplicity. Highly recommended.
,Not Recommended,221040,13791394,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"+ Somewhat novel, functional, and aesthetically pleasing UI that changes with each campaign+ QTE is actually quite fun (I used mouse/keyboard setup)+ Very easy and fun to mod+ Very, very short load times+ EXP is represented as tangible items that must be acquired manually; this adds to the feeling of risk and reward when levelling up+ The four different campaigns all follow somewhat divergent paths, and intertwine at various intervals; interesting way to tell a story, and the other playable characters feel like cameos+ Skill system is simple to grasp; upgrade with EXP, spend additional EXP to take skills to next level for added bonuses, rinse and repeat+ Co-op gameplay is one of this game's greatest strengths, and can be immensely entertaining- Poor lighting effects- Absurd, campy, borderline ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dialogue; virtually every spoken line in the game is horrible- While the way it is told is a refreshing turn from the norm, the plot itself has no merit whatsoever; it is poorly introduced, terribly-written throughout the entire length of the game, and very little is explained or follows any kind of cohesive narrative (I have no idea what this franchise is about, anymore)- No weapon customization (something I remember enjoying in RE4)- Absolutely horrendous environmental textures; 90% of the work went into textures for (playable) character models, presumably to dress up the cut-scenes- Boss fights are terrible; all of the bosses are poorly-designed bullet-sponges with no redeeming moments, no novel mechanics, an no replay value (they also take an inordinately long time to beat, being constantly dragged out with cut-scenes)- The creature designs are seemingly the product of one guy doodling on a napkin while the oxygen is slowly being sucked out of the room- Pausing the game does not actually pause the game; your character crouches and you are vulnerable the entire time (I suffered a number of deaths while trying to refresh my drink)- NPCs are lifeless, cookie-cutter shells with no personality- Unimaginative, dull and often unintuitive 'puzzles'- The guy drawing on the napkin also wrote the endings; they are awful- While the QTE is marginally entertaining in this installment, any enjoyment is eclipsed by the inordinate reliance this game has on QTE in general; the game really shoves it down your throat- The little things: This game has no charm, no fear element (except poor attempts at cheap jump scares), and no attention to detail; more than I enjoyed the game, I would notice little things that make no sense - the game feels like a cheap imitation of a bad RE fanfiction that nobody liked... with explosions- The game plays like a rail-shooter; it has more in common with the House of the Dead arcade machines than the earlier installments of this franchiseLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,221040,13535336,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,ReggieQuad,"It's an OK RE game. I expected a better story, though.The gameplay's really good, it's really the only thing that kept me playing the game."
,Not Recommended,221040,19978158,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Achyoota,"I sometimes couldn't tell if I was playing the game or watching a cutscene.The prompts to open a door or grab someones hand or avoid danger by pressing V or SPACE or tapping LEFT & RIGHT were  annoying. They look annoying and sound annoying.I was a huge fan of the first couple of Resident Evil games, but they just seem to get worse. I don't think I'll play any more of them."
,Not Recommended,221040,8481586,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Purim,"I'm sorry but this game has nothing to do with the ""Residen Evil"" I know.People may enjoy it as a third-person-shooter, overloaded with action, Hollywood-cutscenes and sterotype characters -  but if you are looking for a scary survival-horror-game (how Resident Evil used to be), please look elsewhere."
76561197975584561,Not Recommended,221040,28390435,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Yaniv,"Didn't finish the game. barely even started,but its just not interesting enough for me to go on.The idea that the zombies just lie there, failing to pretend to be dead, and your bullets go right through them until the very moment the script wakes them up is a fatal error in the game development as I see it. Its so basic that I can't imagine what they were thinking making the game this way. But even ignoring this, the game is simply nor fun for me."
,Recommended,221040,29607792,Posted: 31 January,all,Luna,"I honestly love any Resident Evil game. I know Resident Evil 6 is different to the first Resident Evil games, but I still love it, especially the story and the co-op mode. If you are a fan of the Resident Evil universe, give this game a try!"
76561198048974498,Recommended,221040,23755788,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,rjmacready,"HANDS-DOWN, ONE OF THE MOST ABOMINABLE OPENINGS TO A VIDEO GAME...EVER.I mean, I do appreciate that some Resident Evil fans actually prefer a zombie-kickboxing simulator to a more atmospheric gaming experience, but seriously, does ANYONE out there actually like all this mechanics-breaking, quick-time-in-lieu-of-a-cutscene ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?!  Okay, so maybe The Walking Dead games get away with some degree of it...but if the Resident Evil games are now aspiring to the level of immersion and emotional depth that THOSE games achieve, they may want to start paying some attention to concepts like themes, storytelling, and characterisation, don'tcha think?The opening sequence of this game is sooooo painful, they even give you an Achievement for getting through it, appropriately entitled ""The Longest Night"".  They even have the gall to call it a ""tutorial"", when it teaches you precious little other than how to die repeatedly because you don't understand the poorly-explained on-screen instructions of how to RUN...in a SINGLE DIRECTION...and then force you to watch the same ten-second snatch of cutscene OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN to atone for your aforementioned sins.  Next time, Capcom, just hawk up a great big loogie and spit it straight in my face, eh?Things then start to look a TINY bit more hopeful, as Leon and some chick we've never seen before make their slow, moody way through a super-darkened government building, which is seemingly full of spooky noises but no actual undead. It isn't long, however, before we're spin-kicking and pile-driving zombies, and trying to work out just how the hell you even switch from guns to grenades or use health items (all adventures in their own rights, believe me)!  On the whole, there's really nothing terribly intuitive here...not the controls, not trying to estimate how close you can get to a zombie with your flyin' feet before they can get at YOU...the early part of the game is a constant struggle, or at least it was for me, and I played this straight off the back of Resident Evils 4 and 5, and all the DLCS and ""bonus episodes"" attached to those (undeniably superior) games.Overall, there's really not much respect given to long-term fans: this may as well be a big-budget rival company's rip-off of the RE franchise for all the continuity it serves up, both tonally and mechanically.  It's far from the worst game ever made...but it's definitely one of the weakest Resident Evil games, period.  (And I've even played obscure, long-forgotten♥♥♥♥♥♥like Dead Aim, the Outbreak series, and the Survivor series, for what it's worth.)For much of its length, this is barely even a horror game.  It's an action game with unfeasibly dark lighting and horror undertones.  Hell, as zombie-action games go, it's a long way from bad - even slightly ""thrilling"" upon occasion - but it's hardly honest-to-God HORROR, at least seventy-five per cent of the time.  And for all its attempted surliness, its ""grit"" never surpasses that of a Michael Bay movie (nice stubble, Leon, but you still have pretty-boy hair); and when all is said and done, it's still every bit as corny as a field in Summer (""Mr President, please don't make me do this!"" blubbers Leon, unwilling to shoot the prez, even though he's clearly turned into a FREAKING ZOMBIE)!A message to the developers of Resident Evil 7: stop catering to the undiscerning fans of those awful Milla Jovavich movies, and stop pandering to whatever is de rigueur in video games right at this very micro-second in time.  Multiplayer and/or A.I. partners DO NOT MAKE GAMES SCARY.  Quick-time events DO NOT MAKE GAMES SCARY.  Endless kickboxing moves DO NOT MAKE GAMES SCARY.  And making parts of your games so visually dark that you can't even tell what the hell just wounded you, IS JUST FRUSTRATING, NOT SCARY.Pretty pretty please, let's do a little better next time, eh? This series is still pretty good...but it used to be GREAT.  The Revelations games seem to be heading in the right direction...how about lifting the game of the MAIN series, whad'ya say?Verdict: 7.5/10.(Oh, and PS to the devs: there's this thing they invented a while back, called ""save points"", and you shouldn't feel obliged to limit yourselves to only one every half-hour or so of gameplay.  Just sayin'...)"
76561197960281570,Recommended,221040,20401209,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Combat Gorge,"So the short and skinny of Resident Evil 6There are 4 campaigns to play through that intertwine with each other that can lead to a lot of similar fights and locations being revisited. This can makes the game campaigns feel slightly lazy in comparison to previous games. However, other than the final campaign mission that was offered as dlc, each campaign is approximately 4 hours long. You couple the repetitiveness of the main campaign with some very Bollywood action sequences and it really is a toss-up whether or not you will enjoy it. Personally, I had no problem with it because if you can accept monsters, mutants, and zombies then you might as well suspend disbelief on the rest as well.Where the game really REALLY shines is the mobility of play style and improved combat system. There is sliding, rolling, jumping onto your back, running (like really running, not just the light jog from previous games), countering attacks, and a bit more.Oh and it hasLOCAL COOP, the fact is, if you have one friend, just one friend that will visit you to play games, Resident Evil 6 is fun. Sure, the way the split screen works is a bit funky and very poorly implemented but I personally have zero problems with it. Therefore, if you have a single friend to play games with and an extra controller I promise you, your game play experience will generally be entertaining. However, if you play Resident Evil 6 alone, the game will be a bit of a slog at times.Despite some obvious negatives you do get your money's worth when purchasing this game."
,Recommended,221040,28293484,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,♥ Boner ♥,"In all ways a pain if you have to play this garbage alone...BUY and play it only with friends, then it actually can make fun a lot, so the ""thumb up"" is only for the multiplayer part that actually keeps the whole game from being a pure pain in the.... yeah, you know."
76561198069240691,Recommended,221040,23564174,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ranger school or bust,Terrible Resident Evil game. Pretty fun game though.I died laughing when I saw for the first time Chris Redfield picking up a guy and tossing him like a rag doll.11/10 would cutscene again.
76561197965417542,Not Recommended,221040,8654668,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Gary,Unimpressed.
,Recommended,221040,19490441,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MacGruber,"One thing, Combat fluidity.   RE games are supposed to make you feel restricted in movement. It is what makes them hard. CAPCOM did a nice job finding the balance of old RE4 and the new combat mechanics for RE6.   Player satisfaction is high when achieving that awesome melee attack after stunning your enemy or counterattacking(bloodshots am I right??? :)  I hope they continue to improve on responsiveness when executing certain actions.RE6 is not really big on the horror. There are points when you may feel some urgency to get things perfectly executed but no beads of sweat should be dripping.  Not too many jumpscares.  Jumpscares are really only good the first time around then you can anticipate them,   If you want some RE style jumpscares I recommend RE4(for similar mechanics) , or RE2.One thing I didnt like was the QTEs.   CAPCOM decided to go nuts on Leon's campaign with it,  Im glad the other campaigns had very little.   Sometimes you just want to sit back and enjoy some story but not be immersed into a sudden button press that you will miss and die from.2013 graphics compared to 2015 graphics....  They are okay, but what if they waited to release it for the XBOX 1 and PS4?  It would have been beautiful.   Witcher 3 has set the bar high for my tastes."
76561198252369836,Recommended,221040,23629917,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Nówārú,"Just played almost 2 hours of the game, Leon campaign, in PC (already played in consoles, so, I have more game time).My last experience with Resident Evil, really good, was with RE 4. With 5, played a little bit and dropped.This one is fun, but I expected much more.The camera is horrible most of the times (I play in a very big screen) and when you have a lot of zombies and you need a fast combat, it's just bad.I like the way they did the mellee combat and kicks and stuff. Guns has better ammo for you to use and also you can have many guns inside your pocket. I wonder when they will make a better real RE (this is for my taste, I like it). You need to shoot almost 3-5 times in the head of the zombie... really?There are many tense moments, but the exploration part and good parts of it are just dumb. There are parts where you just have to take a quick decision with keys and it is confusing also (you will get used to it, but until there, expect to lose health and die a few times). This is me playing normal difficulty and I am used to FPS / TPS games (that's why the fault is on camera, controls and zombie behaviour). Again, I wonder their QA on this.In overall, game is good, but not that good compared to what I expected.I got it on sale (80%), so I recommed it. But I am happy that I did not pay full price for this."
,Recommended,221040,34357782,Posted: 19 August,all,BananaCat,Good for people who doesn't like survivals :))
,Recommended,221040,12198011,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,(P2D)SlugNut,"This is probably one of the best examples of ""mixed bags"" that I can think of. Resident Evil 6 is both great and horrible in so many ways I won't be able to go over them all but for that reason alone I feel it's a game for anyone who considers themselves a ""gamer"" should play at least once to see what I mean.RE6 is an action title with the occasional horror aesthetic thrown in to tie itself in whith its lineage. While best played with a friend it's very much playable solo. Players will take control one of 3 pairs of characters (or possibly an additional duo or a single character for the fourth campaign) as they experience the story of the game from three different perspectives and this is where the idea of the mixed bag begins. Instead of a single cohearent script, its divided amoungst three different stories that constantly leaves the player confused and in a stupor. Even with all the campaigns completed I had to read some of the in-game lore from the easily missed extras menu once I shot enough blue emblems in the game. While the Resident Evil series isn't known for its story, previous entries were at least easy to understand, not the case with this title, often throwing characters at the player that even veterans have no idea as to who they are.Controling the characters is another issue for this game. In many games designed with a controller in mind, often times a button is used as a modifier for every other button. In previous games, what would be holding down the left trigger would then make the character aim at which point the right will fire. While that is a simple method, RE6 has layers of these that are poorly explained if at all. New players should take their time figuring out the controls as even into my second campaign I was still learning what certain combinations of buttons and motions did. However once learned, the complex control scheme actually makes for excellent stylish feats but not everyone will get used to them.Probably one of the best things about the title is how it can incorporate multiplayer into the campaign. With certain options selected, a player can allow others online to join the game as a co op partner, random players to take control of basic enemies for a little extra challange, and even run into other players who are in other campaigns in overlapping story sections where up to four players can take on a segment of their campaigns together. The only problem with this is that due to the small playerbase many of these things wont happen without coordination with other players such as through Steam groups.While there is definitly more to say I feel that these are some of the biggest issues. I do enjoy the game despite all its faults, however I will say that it may be my least favorite of the RE series that I have experienced. Many others damn this game as complete garbage, and while not all of their complaints are invalid or wrong, it does have entertainment value and some excellent points. If you are looking for a coop third-person action title, there are not many on the market but you should not settle for this unless you are already played through better titles. Give it a look but be aware it is flawed."
,Not Recommended,221040,9271316,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Cheb,"This is by far the best wrestling game I have ever played. At any given point you can hit a dropkick, bulldog, facebuster, headscissors-armdrag, whatever you like, really! I recommend Chris, because he's on a ♥♥♥♥ton of juice and can hit perfect body slams, spiking the jobbers on top of their heads.Basically it's only worth it if you're a real fan of the series."
,Recommended,221040,11589734,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Karolina Victoria,"This game is very enjoyable and the flack its' getting is not justified. Yes, the game is not scary, but that's because Capcom have finally realized that if they want to make a action game, they make a action game without forcing clunky horror game controls on a game focused on kicking zombies heads off with flip kicks. Don't get me wrong, I love Resident Evil REmake/Zero, but it's better this way if they really want to make Resident Evil a action series.The content in this game is amazing. With 4 long campaigns to play with Rankings, collectibles and Co-op the replay value is very high and with a long play time even if you play alone. There's also Mercenaries which is very enjoyable, and a bunch of other online modes (which truth to be told I didn't give a single crap about, I thought it was unnecessary and that development time should have been spent somewhere else)One thing I liked with the game was that every character is feels different and unique from each other, with small touches like the menu being a different layout/style in every campaign. The Graphics in the game is AMAZING, and the optimization is silky smooth with even low-end machines being able to run it decently.And now for some complaints. Some of the deaths in the game are very cheap. The ranking system which implies that you need to play EVERY character on EVERY difficulty is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, what were they thinking? And the last and biggest complaint is of course, it's not scary, at all. Leon's campaign started out good with suspenseful atmosphere and promise of the game being scary, but that quickly shatters when Leon leaves the collage and that atmosphere never returns (except a few intense chases in one of the other campaign) Pity.But in the end I recommend this game for those who like action fun,  so go get a buddy and play this cheesy pile of cheese. If you want good horror, look somewhere else. Resident Evil Remake (wait for the HD re-release coming soon) and Zero is a good choice, Revelations if you want a modern Resident Evil."
,Not Recommended,221040,7814802,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Pippi Longstocking,"I would like to recomend this gamebut sadly I cannotThe graphics may be pretty, but the game doesn't seem to easily let you switch the domenant hand, this stressed me out as I find it uncomfortable to look over the characters left shoulder rather than the right, and while we talk about camera views, the character takes up about half of the screen.The game is limiting, I quit this game within 30 mins of playing due to its restrictions, I want to get to understand the story, I like the cutscenes but walking down a halway shouldn't trigger an event which stops you from controlling your character every 20 seconds, the main word I must use for this game is stressfull.I found myself almost smashing the keys on my keyboard becuase I couldn't do anything while the characters describe the enviroment, the game is pretty and it could possible get better but after the tutorial the game becaomes an awefull experience which stressed me out to the point of quiting the gameI would recommend if you do play this, birng along a friend and get a mini window of tetris up becuase you will have control taken away from you to many times to comprehend so that the characters can discuss pointless stuff that adds nothing to the story.+Tutoral was full of good game design+Good PC port with nice extra content-To restricting-Story self contradictions-Stressfull to play! (and not in a good SMB kind of way)-CameraWhen should you get this?Full Price ASAP [O]Price Drop in Future [O]Steam Sale -20% [O]Steam Sale <80% [O]If you are desperate and is on sale and you have a friend and a lot of patience [ X ]"
76561198001785203,Not Recommended,221040,7818413,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Piercedamage,"I thought it was going to be good but after witnessing clunky controls, bad save times, parts in games which are annoying, this was ehh.. More of an action game with ""resident evil"" tacked on it. Nice graphics though"
,Not Recommended,221040,8347165,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Fluks,Gameplay Garbage
,Recommended,221040,11576104,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,FixsterX,reboot Steam
,Not Recommended,221040,8379464,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Van Lowe,"This game is like the great moviethe producers. Capcom despirately wanted to lose money on this game, so they can finally write off the franchise. So they got there top designers team ready, and man, they did succeed.The whole game has that great lackluster-epic feeling, that is so hard to get exactly right: They really did some nice innovations: During most boss fights you can just go smash some random boxes and search for some extra 9-mm bullets. When you smashed all boxes in the area you can check if the boss fight is still going on. Sometimes you are lucky and a cutscene start where the boss fight is moved to a new area. Otherwise it is best to start to shoot some bullets.The art design is also very special. Nobody else can make a grey house, an grey outdoor level in a grey American village, grey corridors, a grey catherdral, grey walls, a grey dungeon, grey rooms ,and a grey US city all look so much allike. It all has that same special RE6 feel. It is very consistant, and it is probably a shoutout toWistler's mom.From Star Trek they have borrowed the red-shirt principle. If in a cutscene a person wearing a helmet is talking to you you know he will die soon. So please never wear a helmet.They also included many game mechanics that people really like to write about on the internets. So it got the briljant keymashing, instant-kill QTE. The game is very dark (illuminance not atmosphere) so you can save on your electric bill. It also has an erretic difficulty curve, so you are always on your toes.And as a spoiler, here are my final 15 minutes I had with the game: ....In the end I got to the invisible wurm boss, had a really long, drawn-out and boring fight and then there was a chase sequence where you are attacked by a helicopter and you have to jump from boat to boat, sounds like fun but wasn't.  The controls are just as bad or even slightly worse than for RE5. So I just uninstalled the game instead. I think that is the only way to win at this game.In conclusion, maybe if the women wore skimpier clothes I could have enjoyed the game a bit more."
,Not Recommended,221040,21503856,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Davian Thule,"Failure. All the good elements of past parts are gone and the game is not optimized for PC. Unpleasant design and graphics, boring storyline, gameplay and soundtrack, dump AI and puzzles. Loads of bad, overlong quick-time events. It's not a fun shooter, it's not a horror game, it doesn't really feel like a survivor game either! The worst game in the RE series."
,Not Recommended,221040,11126974,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Dukefrukem,"Edit: 7/15/17 Aded videos of my gameplayResident Evil 6 is not a Resident Evil game. The story travels so far off the tracks that this franchise is hard to save at this point. T-Virus, G-Virus and now the C- Virus, six hundred different kinds of enemies and over the top cut scenes that make the action in the Paul WS Anderson movies look tame. Subplots make little to no sense. Nothing is explained. Villains are just there because the world needs villains. As for gameplay, the co-op element as fine. I'm OK with that existing but why the overuse of cutscenes while your partner opens a door? Or pulls a lever? Is this game trying to compete with Metal Gear Solid IV? Let us play Capcom!  I cannot even recommend this game for the co-op and I definitely would not recommend playing this game solo. Why does the game need to spell out the objective for us? Or where the entrance to the next area is? This is the same developer that gave us Resident Evil, a huge mansion to explore and solve puzzles and this is the best they can do in 2012? Capcom should do us all a favor and reboot the series, start from the ground up because seriously, I couldn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥you're  so desperate to connect the franchise together you feel the need to make Sherry Birkin a playable character.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zG40hHepR_0https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdqI3tJnHC0"
,Recommended,221040,13127910,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,♥Mad Dog♥,"The game is ridiculous and hilariously over the top but I love it anyway for the hi-octane action and wrestling with zombies/J'avo/ugly mutants. The plot makes half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sense but I enjoyed seeing what the characters, new and old got up to. I embraced the sheer unrestained glee the game seems to revel in and really liked it. I give this twenty more thumbs up for the intense and aptly named No Mercy Mercenaries mode where I  play around with Nick from Left 4 Dead 2, holy granoly, that makes my night when he unleashes the hellfires of his grenade launcher into a Witch's damn face - it is satisfying to say the least.P.S. Piers and Chris were obviously into each other. Thank you Capcom for dashing our dreams once again."
,Not Recommended,221040,8622085,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Kyo Akiara,"Hello everybody, my name is Shaun Meyers and I'm the writer for a game review website known as Universal Gaming Reviews. I figured I'd share my latest review for Resident Evil 6 with those that are interested in the game.To be complete honest the game is mediocre at best and filled with tons of cliches and cheese. The checkpoint/autosave system is atroscious and the game has no ability to pause during gameplay. The game feels really lacking in uniqueness and it feels like Capcom isn't really trying anymore, too much focus was put into it's graphics and not enough effort was done in making the game unique. The boss was lame and felt like he was there just to drag the game on further and being the only boss there it felt pointless fighting him. While the combat system is definitely improved over 5 the game as a whole feels watered down and tasteless. I wouldn't really recommend the game unless you're a die-hard fan of zombies or Resident Evil.If you'd like to read our full review for the game you can find it here:http://www.universalgamingreviews.com/resident-evil-6-overview-review/Thanks for reading, happy gaming!"
,Recommended,221040,8720979,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,C.C.,"Some one says this is the worst one in all Resident Evil / Biohazard games, but it is still one of my favorite games !!!"
,Recommended,221040,12113188,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Spairu-chan,I can see Leon's hair in high quality. Would pay 30 euros any time again.
,Recommended,221040,12390328,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,๖ۣۜKagetane ๖ۣۜHiruko,"Were to start !! Wow this game is fun,fulfilling and dam right enjoyable. Resident evil 6 offers a variety of chapters for missions offering 4 storylines in the order you chose, and weapons ranging from a close quarters knife to a long range sniper rifle. This game offers an enjoyable experience from casual and professional gamers alike. Along your journey to combat the dreaded C-Virus you will have a companion aiding you with there skills and friendship, and of course there gun. Unfortunately if youare looking for scares this is not the game for you as it is some what lacking in the department, and  it is more chapter dependant. Leon's chapters more gut-churning zombies,Cris has more futuristic C-Virus victims. Anyway enough said i would definitely recommend this game as it is very entertaining and gratifying."
,Recommended,221040,25036010,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Принцесса Шкурка,Amazing
76561198066224775,Recommended,221040,14655551,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MIRA KILLIAN,Heavily action with mild horror elementsSome puzzles lots of enemiesGun Kata ability inplementedNice Mercenaries modeSmooth gameplay overallBasically RE5 + with more features
,Recommended,221040,32977441,Posted: 29 June,all,Marcelus,"Yes, and for it´s price yes. If you know what you're playing an action game you'll enjoy the 4 campaigns. Sadly the PC version shows the flaws of the visuals that wasn't perfect back in 2012 but PS3 low resolution made them look better.Aside all this, the PC port is a good port to play with friends in this platform ;)Talking about Resident Evil. I don't like much the setting of 4 and 5 but the different places you visit in this crazy ride of RE6 looks more appealing for a horror game. If you're looking for backtracking and a classic RE formula forget it. You'll find yourself cry over what this could've been and as I said in all other RE reviews my <3 RE games are 1,2,3, CV and the Outbreak Part #01 and Tape #02. Even Dead Aim and Gun Survivor. No kidding haha. Buy it on a sale and enjoy the long campaign ;) (check the outfits mods!!)"
76561197961775669,Recommended,221040,31129389,Posted: 13 April,all,Player19860218,"I feel RE6 not as good as RE5 in terms of story and gameplay, but it is still an action-packed and very fun game to play especially with friends in coop story or mercenaries mode which is very additive. There is also a strong point for this game which is the length because of the long story campaign and I highly recommend to play the entire campaign in coop mode which is much more fun. Overall a 8.5. Highly recommended to buy the complete edition on sale."
76561198057507401,Recommended,221040,6027279,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,galias5,"Ну очень динамичная игра!Потрясающий кооператив,что в одного потом и не захочешь играть!Брутальный Джек и Шери великолепны!В игре -реально страшно.Интересны все сюжеты!"
76561197979945393,Recommended,221040,17492213,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Mike λ,"Fun for coop, also quite long, the level somewhere in the winter was annoying as you couldn't see anything"
76561197993703914,Not Recommended,221040,23970691,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Primate,"Terrible game. There's a lot of content, but it's stretched thin. Has multiple campaigns with quite a bit of recycled content in each one. Makes you watch the same long cutscenes repeatedly. Controls are awful and inventory management is unintuitive and clunky. The melee combat is frustrating; moves are supposed to be contextual so when you go to strike an enemy on the ground you should stomp on them, but sometimes your character will decide to swing the air above them instead. I was in a coop game where my partner had a zombie pin him on the ground, so I turned around and repeatedly roundhouse kicked the air above the zombie while it ate his face off. The button to run is the same button to climb ladders and jump up or down ledges so you will frequently do one thing when you meant to do another. It has bad checkpointing so you'll replay tedious sections repeatedly. It's full of unecessary and annoying quicktime events that cause instant game overs, far more than any other Resident Evil game. It also has a major bug in Jake's campaign that halts progression in coop that requires a workaround to continue progression.The worst part of the game is it frequently takes away control to make you look at something the game wants to tell you is important, unfortunately the enemies don't stop when this happens so the game is full of cheap deaths where you will be killed by an enemy that approached you and jumped on you during a cutscene. See a zombie approaching you? No problem, I'll just take out my shotgun... no the game wants me to look at some random door that I would've found myself... and I'm on the ground with the zombie on top of me and I'm dead.The game is full of heavily scripted sequences. The game wants you to conserve ammo, but it is also full of scripted encounters with bosses with high health pools, and shooting them will either damage them or not depending on whether or not you're in a scripted sequence or not. It is beyond frustrating to use half your ammo on a boss only to realise that you can't actually damage him yet because the game hadn't decided you're at the scripted point in which you can. Once you have played these encounters out a few times you will begin to wonder every time you reach a boss whether you should shoot him or not or wait for a truck to run him over (often the correct decision). It doesn't just affect bosses but normal enemies. During quicktime events your partner will often not be able to do anything to help you. In my coop game a zombie grabbed my partner and slowly killed him over the course of about half a minute. During that time I unloaded half my shotgun ammo into him, a zombie type we had encountered before and typically took two rounds to take down. But because the game decided the only important thing was whether he passed the quicktime event, that zombie was invincible. You will also run into zombies lying on the ground numerous times that you know are obvious threats. You can shoot them but your bullets will have no impact. Even though you know they're a threat, you have to walk past them where they will  stand up and are only then able to be damaged.The coop is poor compared to Resident Evil 5 or other coop games. There is no resource sharing so if your partner runs out of ammo and you have a ton, that person is just going to have to go on a punching spree until they find some more. You can't give first aid kits or medical supplies to your partner either, although you can use them on them. This is such a basic feature and it was important in Resident Evil 5, so its omission here is glaring.It doesn't play like a survival horror game; I don't have any problem with that in itself but the game is trying to be an action game instead. When you compare it to other action games it doesn't hold up well at all. If you are considering buying this game, get Gears or War, Bulletstorm, Spec Ops: The Line, or one of the newer Tomb Raider games. Or Resident Evil 4. They're all significantly better than this game and tread the same ground."
,Recommended,221040,13783804,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Scotsman,"Good sequel RES. A good way to fight, good graphics, full co op mode."
,Recommended,221040,25137499,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Abathur,"+Good game, good story line, good plot twists.+Good graphics, good visuals and great boobs everynow and then.+Fulfilling fights and shake offs.-Messed up camera views, most of the time you'll die because of a stupid camera view. The director of the game did a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job.-Messed up NPC interractions. You have to face dirrectly to an object to interract with. Can get you killed in certain situations because you are not facing it right. BUT!!!!!! When you need to quicly climb up a place and run like hell, the character can simply turn around and drop down from the same place you climbed up from because the run button and interractin buttons are the one and same, EVEN WHEN YOU TURN YOUR BACK TO IT!!!!!! Got me killed more than 10 times in a row with Ada in a certain chapter. Because I would jump down from the very same place I climbed up from.-Messed up character actions. Sometimes it can take 4 or 5 seconds to get to a ladder, gets yo killed again if you need to be fast. Your character acts like a large truck taking a slow turn instead of a person simply turning right... When you run from the edge of a bridge or something, you can stumble on litteraly nothing, so that your character supposedly avoids falling down, only to get slaughtered like a sheep because you are TOO late running...Also, just as with the ENTIRE RESIDENT EVIL SERIES, the game itself could be unplayable in certain visual configurations.All things said and done, this game worths every penny you pay. Sucky badge and badge rewards though..."
,Recommended,221040,12276328,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,〰◠◡T◡◠〰,"Excellent coop game play, with 4 coop campaigns and a single player campaign for lots of gameplay time. Definitely worth the price.Regarding the horror element that people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing about, I find the horror element in the single player campaign better simply because its just more reassuring playing with someone or a sidekick for the coop campaigns."
76561198095371182,Not Recommended,221040,8664836,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,UHMECCI,"I loved Resident Evil 5, and that was the only reason I bought this game. However, RE6's graphics suck. Enough said!"
76561198004695361,Not Recommended,221040,8656276,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Extra Vinegary,BORING BORING BORING
76561198011065990,Not Recommended,221040,9383009,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Yiddley The Forest Man,RIP resident evil. 100% gone down the pan now. What happened to zombies and a good horror game? Shame.
76561198027715984,Recommended,221040,24045673,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ruiqicn,Giving a thumbs up because the game itself is still a good game.Want to give it a thumb down because the hispanic chanting from RE4 was more scary than RE6 as a game.
76561198134372269,Recommended,221040,12169160,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Lancer Genji,"It's a very good game, you can play with friends and DLC mode is so interesting that I can't help play it alll day, anyway it's a good game ,although compare to the old resident evil game , 6 has changed a lot, but it is another kind of style and I like it."
,Recommended,221040,19495524,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,MrKing1990,"If Michael Bay made Resident Evil.As an RE game, meh. 5/10.As a fun co-op game, 9/10."
,Recommended,221040,500418,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Felipepepe,"Don't believe the negative press, this is actually a quite decent AAA game.Classic Resident Evil it's not, but neither was 4 or 5. And while 6 does dumbs down a bit, removing inventory management, weapon carrying limits and adding a lot of QTEs, it's still a fun and challenging game on ""Veteran"" difficulty setting.There are 4 campaigns, that together offer more than 30 hours of game, plus some nice multiplayer modes like Mercenaries and even offline split-screen. That's more content than any recent game I can recall.It's a flawed game, a bit inferior to RE 5, but still a fun game, definetly better than other AAA games like Tomb Raider, that somehow get all the praise from the media..."
76561198012363029,Not Recommended,221040,8388424,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DyingBlade,"What happened to the Resident Evil franchise? They are BUTCHERING it! The first real problem that I noticed when I started playing this was the brightness and darkness...the game is either too bright when theres light or too dark when there's no light. There's no adjusting this on the brightness settings. No matter what I try, it's the same. The shadows and lighting are terrible. Graphics are subpar.And like everyone says, this is not really a survival horror anymore. The old Resident Evil games used to give me the creeps, the current ones have no such atmosphere or gameplay. I feel like they are just trying to suck the most money out of everyone just like COD does. Yes, the same arguement as what everyone is saying, but it's true."
,Not Recommended,221040,8425499,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,sid_conlin1,"Cannot exit out of the game, because I cannot find a menu button to do so."
76561197971087358,Not Recommended,221040,8778500,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EZMcLee,"Due to a bug / problem with the prologue, the game is a complete waste of money and is unplayable on two different computers by two different people using either the keyboard/mouse or a controller.  The prologue cannot be bypassed.  Do NOT buy this game!!!!!!  I purchased two copies for co-op play based on a good experience with Resident Evil 5.  The publishers are basically stealing money from unsuspecting customers."
,Not Recommended,221040,7752140,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Pilgrimzero,"Capcom should feel bad for what they have done here.  At no point was this game ""fun"".   Shame on you, Capcom.  Shame on you.  Give me back Resident Evil."
76561197997780885,Not Recommended,221040,8460944,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,sakuya,"It looks pretty, but without a doubt it has all the fun and playability of a dead sloth. If button mashing is your thing then you may well suit the game, however if your like me and find needlessly dieing due to a badly timed random button then give it a wide berth. It amazes me that with a franchise as well established as this that they still can't seem to get the camera view to work properly.Will look elsewhere for some entertainment, spend enough time at a real job for me to ""enjoy"" games like this."
76561198052386049,Not Recommended,221040,8496821,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ira7117,"Worst in-game controls I've ever encountered. Even after remapping the keys it's a pain. On top of that, game only saves once in a while, checkpoint saves mean nothing, they don't actually save the game, if you leave. Combine this with the fact that there's no actual 'Pause"" option for the game, and it makes for a very poor experience.It is extremely frustrating playing on PC. Keyboard controls often change when a new camera angle is forced upon you, making several parts of the game extremely frustrating, where one second W is forward and then you have to use S to move forward. Obviously, it happens in sequences where milliseconds will decide if your character will live or die.Unless you are ready to pay out of pocket for a XBox controler for PC (by the way, this game has ALSO issues with Logitech joysticks, so don't bother using one), don't waste your money on this game.This is the WORST RE, and I've played them all. Looks like the franchise is dead."
76561198242171822,Recommended,221040,23663643,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,S.T.A.R.S.,"Starting with the cons Resident Evil 6 is quite a mixed bag...it seems to have favoured quantity rather than quality for the campaigns- being brutally honest they are pretty bad (they can be fun if you have a friend to play with and you just kind of joke around with it but they all kind of feel a bit messy). Alot of quick time-events, In RE4 and RE5 they were pretty well spaced out but here besides maybe the first half of Leon's campaign there is an overflow of QTEs. Most of the good modes are DLC. And last there is NO mention of Jill what so ever in the game (which I would have been fine with if Chris wasn't there- oh well mod Jill BSAA over Helena and you're good I guess?)Pros: There is no shortage of content with 4 campaigns of very familar faces unknowingly work towards the same goal to stop the latest bioterror threat- some replayability with challenges, achievements, REnet events and difficulties. The combat is surprisingly satisfying like RE5 where you have a wide arsenal of guns, melee weapons, grenades, bombs and for 1 particular character (2 if you count Sherry) crossbow arrows + explosive arrows. Also the melee attacks for most characters are pretty diverse and its fun to chain in combos with them reguardless of the mode you are playing. The main reason you will probably like this game is the mercenaries and the mercenaries no mercy, very fun mode like re5 where you work alone or together (with mods it can be up to 6 friends) to kill as many enemies as possible while maintaining the overall combo and extending time remaining/ with no mercy doubling the total enemies you'll face. Predator and Siege are DLC modes that are up to 6 players which are pretty fun especially with friends.Overall I wouldn't have got this game had it not been on discount but seeing when it is on discount it seems to be really cheap (70-87% disocunt) I would say RE6+predator+siege is worth your money but wait for a sale that it's included in."
76561198258382047,Recommended,221040,25077827,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,-=MTG=-Sroljo,"This game steps out of usual Resident Evil mechanics. You are now able to move while aiming and your character runs by default instead of walking. It's no longer a survival horror game, it's a survival ACTION game....it's not scary at all but the action is fun and intense. Ammo is scarce and enemies are many so you will have to count your bullets and engage smartly. It's divided in 4 different campaigns; Leon and Helena, Chris and Piers, Jake and Sherry and a bonus campaign with Ada. Each has it's own story that eventually intertwines with each other which is fun. Overall it's a great action shooter, it has it's bugs and stuff but it's a fun game to play co-op!"
76561198065841050,Not Recommended,221040,33620435,Posted: 17 July,all,MorganAngelo,"The typical RE parts and as a shooter okay.The 1/3 of your time in story mode being forced to run like forrest gump if you stop for 3 seconds you instantly die parts with broken directional control and constant fked up camera changes during those processes make this game unplayable. Unless you want to retry 50 or 100 times maybe you got lucky one time the stupid controls work the way you mean to otherwise avoid at all costs. Apart from that you are about to solve some unconventional yet silly ""puzzle"" and are thrown into F1 Formula racing. If you aren't a fan of driving games, dodge this title.Well at least you can play the multiplayer mode as other RE series but story mode ? No."
76561198168130969,Recommended,221040,26098130,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ABCDEFG,"A good game, worth your money to buy, the computer configuration requirements are not high, optimization is good, butToo expensive. Recommended discount to buy."
,Recommended,221040,12080958,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,GT4tube😼,7/10
,Not Recommended,221040,23641487,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jakerfuffle,"this is the B movies of video games, playing coop with a friend is hilarious, it has the quality of a 2005 game, and the polish of a rusty bike.  picked it up for $7 on steam, but if you were to play solo dont buy this, its garbage, and the only way i would recommend is if you have a friend that you like to watch b movies with. idk what happened to the series, and i dont understand the positive reviews,, thisll prolly get downvoted by salty fanboys lol"
76561197998530793,Recommended,221040,32957562,Posted: 28 June,all,Ghost,"hmm, this is likely the worst Resident Evil of the series and not because of being a bad port but rather for lack of content and issues with consistencies. Let me explain, there will be times where you are walking along and not much going on, then out of the blue, you will be slammed with a lot of ennemies which will tear you apart if you stick around. You end up running around and going through the level like it is a marathon. The controls are pretty cluncky and, after two campaigns, I have to dig deep to play the remaining two. The sad part is the performance on PC is extremely good with 60 FPS on nvidia surround with all details to the max (not a single drop in FPS). However, nvidia surround will require a third party software (flawless widescreen) but the results is excellent. Just one of those game, you will play it, finish it, and never come back to it again. Glad I found it on sale, I would have very dissapointed if I had paid the full retail price. Hard to recommend the game but, some of the cutscenes are intense, maybe as an interactive movie, I could recommend it."
,Not Recommended,221040,8564443,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Jhol,"I don't recommend it. There is a lot to it, and Resident Evil is one of my favorite series but this game was just boring. I didn't like the controls, it's very repetitive and the gameplay isn't very good either."
76561198007259409,Recommended,221040,7996891,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Ace Educator,"A fun game from start to finish. I have over 100 hours on the Xbox and decided to pick it up for the PC as well.The game is being bashed on meta-crtiic, I can only assume that those bad reviews were made by people who did 0 research before buying the game, or even looking at the trailers.This is NOT a horror game. Sure, there might be scary moments in Leon's campaign, but do not go into this game thinking you will be scared.This is a GREAT action game with a EXCELLENT story, especially for those (like myself) who have a special place in their hearts for the Resident Evil story and characters. You can experience all the goodness with a friend even!The BEST thing about this game is the controls; I have NEVER played a game with so much freedom and fluidity in a third person shooter before. I have NEVER been constrained in this game. If someone says it this game has crappy controls then they are simply an idiot who did not take all of 5 minutes learning the controls.I guess that is the bad thing of this game; the game does not give you a good tutorial about the controls, you have to find out yourself (there are several fairly open areas where you can practice, or you can load up a mercenary mode game and try it out).This might not be a good horror game, but it is a GOOD GAME nonetheless. I even made a video review of it a while back, I will link it here.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5Q76gdQ3Dc"
,Recommended,221040,8971038,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,otitablu,"STORYbio terorisme menyerang dunia, membuat semua orang ketakutan, dan siapapun yang terkena virus pasti berubah menjadi zombie. Sherry, chris dan leon dari BSFAA , kembali jadi tokoh utama untuk mengembalikan kestabilan dunia dengan mencari penyembuh dari virus ini , ditambah dengan tokoh cantik yang misterius si Ada Wong yang suka bermain di air keruh. Di game ini juga disimpulkan siapa sebenarnya ada waong itu , dan siapa si jake itu, yang masih ada hubunganya dengan serial RE sebelumnya.GAMEPLAYCampaign dibagi menjadi 4 campaign dengan memainkan 4 karakter berbeda. yaitu Leon dengan sidekicknya Helena, Chris dengan sidekicknya Rick (lupa gan) , Jake dengan Sidekicknya Sherry dan Ada wong dengan sidekicknya petugas neo umbrella .  yang menarik setiap campaign mempunyai benang merah dengan campaign2 lainya. Jadi kalo kamu memainkan campaign leon ada cutscene dimana nanti kamu bertemu dengan chris dan jake, sherry dan ada. Dan begitu juga bila kamu main campaign chris , ada cutscene dimana kamu bertemu dengan leon, jake dan ada.Yang unik , setiap campaign acak, kamu bisa mulai dari character yang mana kamu suka. Ntah itu chris, leon , jake or ada. No problem. Atau bayangkan dirimu menonton film, disebuah film ada empat cerita berbeda yang berjalan secara paralel yang mempunyai akhir2 yang berbeda, tetapi satu tujuan untuk menyalamatkan umat manusia dari virus keji. Ketegangan ala2 horor yang dibangun standard lah , kalo pemain yang sudah maen RE ini, ga lebih serem dibanding game2 horor lainya.GRAFIS:cocoknya buat pc dengan spec med- end  kalo mau maenya enak , tanpa patah2. Cukup kerenlah, misalnya kalo basah abis berenang, efek2 basah2anya terlihat nyata. Ekspresi character terlihat jelas, dan cutscene2nya  lumayan menghibur.SOUND:Standard game action horror gan, kalo lagi alurnya lambat , musiknya kalem, kalo lagi tegang2nya , ato perang2, background soundya  pacenya cepat.+PROS :1.	Multiplayernya asoy gan, bisa coop campaign, jadi bisa minta tolong temen buat nyelesain campaign entah itu local coop (1 komputer 2 player dengan split screen) ato onlince coop dan ga ribet, tinggal pencet R, buat invite temen.2.	Bagi yang membeli DLC , banyak mode2 game lain selain campaign, jadinya ga gampang bosen3.	Mempunyai nilai replayable yang  tinggi, karena walaupun kamu udah selesaikan 4 campaign, masih banyak achivement yang masih unlock dan skill2 yang masih belum terbuka.CONS :1. Savean cuman di chapter2 tertentu saja, ga bisa pencet F5 buat save , ato quick save, jadi kalo mati , ngulangnya agak2 jauh.2. Kadang2 ada aksi2 dengan angle kamera yang bikin kagok dan menyebalkan, jadinya harus ada penyesuaian dulu.3. Makan hardisk lumayan banyak diatas 20GB an4. Harga mahal gan di SteamS tore , $40 gan, beli kalo lagi ada sale aja, ato cari2lah seller lagi kasih harga spesial.5. Ga ada fasilitas in chat dalam game.Kesimpulan :Buat penggemar seri  RE, harus punya nih.  Disaranin beli ori gan, supaya maen multiplayernya lebih enak ga perlu ribet. Btw maen RE 6 bareng ane ganIni id ane :http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198093867839"
,Recommended,221040,9493199,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNyehcolas!!!,"I've been into Resident Evil since I was a kid. Even as I got older, I still enjoy going back to the older games and trying them out. As far as the differences between Resident Evil 1 and 6 go, you can't compare the games that much on gameplay. However, one similarity the games share would be the memorable moments I've had with the series. Even with the changes in the audience it's tried to reach (or stumbled across), I still find it a very noteworthy experience. And even from a game like Operation Raccoon City (that is admittedly kinda broken), there were probably more memorable moments playing that than other games like Dead Space 3 or Borderlands 2. It should be noted, I don't play this game by myself (I play with my brother).As the mechanics are concerned in this game, it's pretty good. There are moments where I'm stuck huddling against a wall or my view changes while trying to make a hastey escape. I assume the mechanics are designed largely for combat (which fail on occassion) and not much else. Some areas involving stealth I couldn't quite get into them until my second play through of the game. However, the game did introduce the ability to roll and shuffle very well, making your characters feel much more nimble (despite when they've planted their butt on a wall and their face in the crotch of a zombie). The game's not perfect, but it is definitely an improvement over Resident Evil 5's on-rails feel (for lack of a better term).Resident Evil 6 is fun. The campaigns are long and enjoyable. I'm not opposed to quick time events, and found they were the cause of some memorable experiences my first play through this game. The replay value holds up quite well, especially with extra content like The Mercenaries mode. The story is a tad predictable and cliche, and I would (and have) also described it as, ""Trying to be too epic.""I also kind of felt it succeeded. Plus, I don't want to trash every story out there merely on the idea it seems like I've seen aspects in it somewhere before.My biggest gripes with the game would be the clunky controls. Because of this, there were some parts of the campaigns that I would have prefered being removed or altered.As a whole, I recommend this game for anybody looking for a good cooperative playthrough with a sibling or close friend. Just, try not to judge this game on whether it's Resident Evil 1 enough for you."
,Recommended,221040,11811246,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Nickolas Cat,"If you want a rather solid Action based Third Person Shooter to play with a buddy, this is a great game to playIf you are a diehard Resident Evil fan that wants nothing more than a solid Survival horror experience like previous installments, don't buy thisGameplay is rather fun, might be quite some QTE's but you can turn the bigger ones off if you don't wish for themEvery campaign has something different going for itLeon's campaign features zombie enemies and a bit more of a horror-ish kind of thing except for the endChris' campaign is more like a traditional Military based TPS, focusing on action and firefights with the always mutating J'avoJake's campaign also has a focus on action for the most part, also including the J'avo, but switches it up with vehicle segments, exploration segments and an occasional stealth segmentAda's campaign focuses more on puzzles and stealthy segments for the most part, it was initially designed to be strictly a Single Player experience, but you can play it in co-op, but the Second player will be limited to just shooting and can't interact with any puzzlesIf you are done with that, you can always play some Mercenaries, regular or No MercyRegular mercenaries is the same as it's always been, No Mercy is pretty much the same but will throw giant waves of enemies at you without stopping, make sure you are capable of surviving or be prepared to die, a lotTL;DR: Only buy this if you want a solid action game to play with a buddy and don't care if the story's over the top, and specifically don't buy this if you are a Die-hard fan who can't give RE taking a different turn a chance"
,Recommended,221040,12250869,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Royals,Love this game n lmao the L4D2 dlc made it perfect
,Recommended,221040,10950002,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fucking Chad,"Resident Evil 4, Revelations and Resident Evil 6 is the best RE game series ever!RE6:Awesome Gameplay, Multiplayer and Coop Feature, Nice Graphics, Awesome 4 campaign(Leon w/ Helena, Chris w/ Piers, Ada w/ Agent, Jake w/Sherry) and make sure to buy the complete pack!"
76561198137925425,Not Recommended,221040,19593407,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,DeRpY CeRzErD™,"ok so this game isnt bad, well granted i really couldnt get a chance to play it because me and my best friend decided to buy this game so we can do a co-op on it but the co-op didnt work, it will either kick us out of the option or 1 will get into the game with the other person is loading in and it will drop the person loading in out and vise-a-versa if this connection issue, glitch, bug or whatever the case maybe needs to be fixed."
,Recommended,221040,9709742,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,it took leon kennedy and his ragtag group of helpless girls six games to really get anything done
76561198035511979,Recommended,221040,23211426,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MULTIEMOGAMER,this is my review on resident evil 6resident evil 6 is 99% of action game and 1% horror game+ and -+different campaings+co-op+- different dlc-bad camera controls (not always but sometimes)-low inventory spacei think Resident evil 6 is fun game but sometimes its hard too so its about 7/10
,Recommended,221040,12065809,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Muzzles56,"**Spoiler free**Low playtime on steam, this is because i owned it on Xbox360 and played a few hundred.Let me start off by saying that this is a bad resident evil, but I think it is a good game.It is a bad resident evil as there is no survival aspect. Sure, they brought back real zombies for a campaign, but that's about it. Even then, most of them jump around and♥♥♥♥♥♥and swing weapons all over the place. No. Thats not how they should work. Inventory management is GONE. Once you pick up a weapon, thats it, you can keep it forever and not worry about switching them out. All you gotta worry about is inventory for ammo, herbs and grenades which doesn't come up much. The other campaigns are the same, but its more like gears of war as enemies are just infected people again with guns. Where's Marcus' dad?Gonna be honest, even for RE the stories are horrible. Jake's Ending? AHAHAHAHAHAHHA no.As a game, I did have fun. The movement is really neat, and melee combat is quite nifty. You get a LOT of playtime for every campaign, as there is a lot of story to go through. Agent Hunt is a really neat idea, where you are a zombie and attack players as they do the story, but it's not executed too well, I remember hating it. The stamina mechanic doesn't fit in with the game, but it's quite neat for the mercenaries mode.Mercenaries is what makes this game for me. I've spent hundreds of hours in this gamemode and never get bored of it. It's just fun at its best. If you enjoyed RE5's mercenaries, you're gonna enjoy this just as much. Only complaint about it on PC is that there doesn't seem to be as many levels as on console. I remember buying several map packs for it, and I'm not sure if they're in here, but I doubt it. I'll update this part if I get confirmation.It runs really well for me so far, but the FOV seems low and the FOV option didnt seem to change much. It's a solid port.All in all, if you're expecting classic resident evil (not likely) turn away. If you loved the mercenaries in RE5, for the love of god buy it. If you like gears of war and stuff, try it out, you might like it."
,Recommended,221040,25025038,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,its not as bad as people say
,Not Recommended,221040,13175251,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ArkonBlade,"Explosion jerkfest , QTE out the rear, Bad Controls, Lame story, Wrestling or kick boxing zombies more then you are shooting them because you rarely get ammo. This game is like if Micheal Bay made a video game and Capcom pried open there Rectom and took a masive crap on it.  It feels nothing like a RE game. It feels like a Shooting game (and not a very good one ) more then a Survivle Horror game.Leons story mode is so-so. It vaugely resembles a RE game. Chrises Story is a lame generic shooter where you don't even get any Ammo to shoot any thing, and Sherry's is about the same. I'm at the point with this franchise where i think I'd rather see it go away. If Capcom can't get RE7 done right then i just wish for this series o Die off before it falls down further in to the toilet."
76561198077025018,Recommended,221040,6843056,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"The latest edition to a phenomenal zombie franchise.This game is over-the-brim packed with content:Four campaigns, three are co-op (Leon/Helena, Chris/Piers, Jake/Sherry, & Ada)Five difficulties (Amateur, Normal, Veteran, Professional, and No Hope*)Five multiplayer modes (Mercenaries, Onslaught, Survivors, Predator, and Siege)*No Hope turns off equipping skills, while increasing skill drops - instead collecting them for coin; enemy attacks deal larger amount of damage; weapons deal less damage; health is not replenished upon death, instead giving you the amount you had at the checkpoint; less ammo and health pick ups; QTE's are harder to perform and have worse consequences.A new free update has Left 4 Dead cross over, letting you play as the Left 4 Dead crew in Resident Evil 6's ""Mercenaries: No Mercy"" Mode. Special features include fighting three times the normal horde of zombies and also includes appearances from special Left 4 Dead creatures mixed into the swarm.You couldn't ask for a better version of this game."
,Recommended,221040,4513633,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,KuDeR,One of the best story telling experience from the Resident Evil series. This game is epic !
,Recommended,221040,13486555,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The_K-man,"GR8 GAME.Sometimes the camera angles get annoying, and honestly who likes quicktime events... But still a great game"
76561198078196919,Recommended,221040,13746546,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Emdrag13,Very fun love this game
76561198018453916,Recommended,221040,3164706,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,The_Shitter,o melhor da série REVIL. Muito bom mesmo.
76561198126955371,Recommended,221040,20034686,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,SrConnorNight,"I like Leon,so this is good game!"
76561198254360472,Recommended,221040,21779641,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Me,Body operation system is perfect.We can pass the missons not only with guns.Its extra content is also full of fun.But there is a fly in the ointment it is too expensive to be  able to afford by someone such like students.
76561198100123178,Recommended,221040,7468941,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,URfiN JuSSe,"Чем больше цифра, тем хуже становится серия."
,Recommended,221040,23122966,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hybrid Theory,"As a Bio Hazard  fan,i liked the longevity of the game and the co-op sistem capcom made for this game,a lot of funny dlc's amazing champains with a lot of intense and funny moments,for sure one of the best Resident Evil Games."
76561197970554803,Recommended,221040,25761813,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Squatingtiger,"I really don't know why this game got a bad rap when it was released, I could think of a few things but they all involve ""change from the series"".Don't listen to the naysayers, Resident evil 6 grows on you like a boil...or something.It may not have the progression or character building of RE4 or RE5 but it makes it up in other areas.Firstly, the intersecting stories. Amazing what Capcom have done here. It's not overly complex but interesting to note that with different characters you play, the story is intertwined, maybe it's just me but I'm the kind of guy who needs a purpose, a story and capcom have done it well here.  On the story though, OK, I'll admit the overarching story is dull, it's epic but dull.....you'll have to play through it to understand. There are a few ""WTF, Darth vader is Luke skywalkers father!?!?"" moments but the story is....meh, Ok.Graphically, man, my PC is ancient, yet the game runs perfect 60 fps on full settings, that's saying something. It might not be Witcher 3 fantastic but it has it's moments.Things I didn't like were dying. It seems you go a way back, or if you exit the game and re-enter, seems you have to start a while back in the piece.Regardless, RE6 is great and for some reason, I think it will be the last we see of Leon, Ada, Chris and all the RE regulars. RE7 is looking great but I think the days of the true resident evil canon are over. Well, I hope somehow it returns."
76561198003693677,Recommended,221040,21995887,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Glorfindel,"Game play wise & for the most part story wise, probably the best Resident evil game to date. It's hard to explain over all the negative reviews, but I will plea my case the best that I can. This game hits all the right notes until it comes to the parts in the game where you need to drive, or run the gauntlets or from point A to B. That can be a pain for one mistake sends you back. That is the only downfall to this game. The story of all the parties ( don't want to spoil anything) I feel had to take a lot of thought on how to make them interesting, yet come together. The game itself which got rated under Resident evil 5 blows my mind. I know Resident Evil 5 is the last of the classic RE, but RE6 has these things over 5. First instanced Loot,  so if you play with a friend you each get your own loot rather than trying to find out who needs what ammo, or who needs the green herb the most. You can run and shoot, doesn't seem like much, but play RE5 where you are bascially a turrent and you will see why. This is minor, but when you standing infront of object you need the partner to help assist with even that has more interesting options than any previous RE that is Co-Op. Incase you have made it this far and wonder which of the RE series is my favortie that would be Code Veronica.  Which is in the old school style, but besides the first RE it had the second most intrigue behind it, yet you see the return of one of the most infamous villians of all time Albert Wesker. Thanks for reading."
76561197978103139,Recommended,221040,33312754,Posted: 6 July,all,Slugroids,"Haven't played too long so far, but here goes.The Beginning contains extreme cheese, ridiculously stupid situations & as a mate said, ""Seems very counter-intuitive & clunky until you get used to the controls"".This is after playing Resident Evil 5 twice over with said mate (2 playthroughs-not 100% achievement completion).HOWEVER once you do get the hang of the controls & realize the potential, it starts getting good & you start having a good laugh at each other when someone dies.My mate & myself started playing on NO HOPE difficulty & fustration at the beginning before getting a basic handle on the controls, was high.SO FAR I'd say it's fun & worth buying on 75% discount special (which often happens in almost every sale) IF you have a mate or family member to play with & can handle fustration like a proper adult...I highly recommend playing Resident Evil 5 first.Contains juicy zombie mutant action.SUMMARY-WORTH BUYING IF ON SPECIAL (is often 75% off) IF YOU LOVED RESIDENT EVIL 5.-REQUIRES HIGH TOLERANCE TO START ENJOYING (At least dark souls tier? on HOPELESS Difficulty that is).-HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO ONLY BUY WITH HIGH PROBABILITY OF PLAYING WITH A MATE OR FAMILY MEMBER.-PLAY RESIDENT EVIL 5 FIRST, SEEMS SIGNIFICANTLY MORE FUN THEN THIS GAME SO FAR."
,Recommended,221040,7509163,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Ragnarok_991,"Estaba muy incredulo al respecto del juego y todas las críticas negativas.Pero me animé, lo compré, lo jugué y me ha encantado.Por ahora solo jugué la historia de Leon y me ha dejado muy buen sabor de boca."
,Recommended,221040,20358433,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,RPBN,"The controls in this game are awful, but once you get used to that it is actually pretty fun. It has a nice buddy cop/action movie feel to it."
,Recommended,221040,7052506,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,BAD_BOY,"l-Понравилось: 4 кампании, CO-OP, мультиплеер, графика, геймплей, интересный сюжетl-Не понравилось: ---***Оценка 9,4/10"
,Recommended,221040,30715645,Posted: 24 March,all,Robert,"1. Not horror, so put that idea in the trash.2. Like 5, it's still a good action game, especially with a co-op partner.3. Actually has good controls (no more of that tank♥♥♥♥♥♥).4. Melee whenever you want (but it sometimes has a mind of its own).5. Mercenaries mode!6. ♥♥♥♥ Chris's campaign. I don't know why so many people are always playing that garbage.Main Takeaway: The♥♥♥♥♥♥that happens is absolutely ridiculous, but at least it's fun."
76561197981213450,Recommended,221040,35328446,Posted: 30 September,all,OneHitKill,"The overall story is dumb as hell, but this game is great for co-op. I would only recommend this game for co-op. Jake & Sherry have the best campaign in my opinion."
,Recommended,221040,9917441,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Фляха ебать,"Если чесно хорошая игра.С графикой всe хорошо,гемплей тоже нечетак.Особено хорошо играть в сетевой игре много всего, можно повеселиться и так далее.Вообщем советую :D"
,Recommended,221040,8340673,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Canas Renvall,"Is this what I want Resident Evil to be? No. It strays too far from being scary and it should try next game to be more of a survival horror title.That being said, do I like the game? Absolutely, I love it. It's action through and through, but to me it's well-made and offers a great blend of types of action game. There are slower-paced action pieces, high-octane chases, some cover-based gunplay peppered in here and there, and lots of close quarters combat.People complain that it was a QTE fest, and in some parts of the game I completely agree. There are far too many QTE setpieces that try to build off the intense Leon/Krauser scene from Resident Evil 4. Overall it wasn't too bad, but there were definitely problem spots that need to be excised from the next installment.In short: Do not expect horror. It is an action game. However, it's a GOOD action game and I recommend it."
,Recommended,221040,11566889,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,DFQ.Lockon|GGbet,Back to Resident Evil 6 Looking forward to Resident Evil 7 this game never get old for me :)
,Recommended,221040,30628864,Posted: 19 March,all,[NCP] blood_guts,It's really good. had tons of fun playing with my girlfriend. people saying it's bad are just weiners. I liked the 5th game a bit more for certain things but this is pretty much a straight improvement.
76561198119580938,Recommended,221040,12096115,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Poco,这是我玩过最高时间的一款游戏，起初盗版玩的最少有上千小时，加上后面才买的正版！老司机都知道 206210 跟 480 这两个端口的含义！生化危机6联机QQ群：64034896！ 欢迎大家加入！
76561198353512049,Recommended,221040,29598677,Posted: 30 January,all,Heylowswagg,I really love this Game I mean they added the left 4 dead 2 characters for crying out loud. I also love that you can play as the different characters and the story adds up.
76561198023320739,Recommended,221040,21050228,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Ask3r,I LOVE IT!
,Recommended,221040,30791282,Posted: 28 March,all,Rival-,"Nice game, wonderful story and nice graphic."
76561198247103286,Recommended,221040,30922609,Posted: 3 April,all,Désolé,"underrated game because gamers like to complain for no reason <3. Enjoyed it alot and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys good zombie action apocalypse game with a solid story, loved characters and some cheesy but necessary one liners.Not a horror game, but a good game."
76561198088687105,Recommended,221040,34876555,Posted: 10 September,all,Kazriak,I loved the multiply story arches with diffrent gameplay mechanics.
76561198027060166,Recommended,221040,10745397,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Exaspenite,"Underrated, unfairly tarred game with lots of valueIf you're a Resident Evil purist, look away immediately. This RE is not a survival horror game in the slightest; you'll be better off seeking such thrills in the throwback Resident Evil: Revelations rather than the action movie-themed 6.There are a number of drawbacks marring this game. The story is a bit convoluted, spread out non-chronologically among four different intersecting campaigns. The narrative itself isn't anything to phone home about, adhering largely to cheesy action movie tropes. The textures and environments are a step-down from the stunning RE5. And the gameplay, which is a departure from 4 and 5's more straightforward ""shooting gallery"" mechanics, seems a bit unwieldy and clunky at first.Once you get the hang of the mechanics, though, RE6 turns out to be a surprising bit of cooperative fun. Unlike previous games in the series, 6 is a melee combo shooter hybrid. In most cases, you're encouraged -- though none of this is properly taught to you via in-game tutorials -- to quickshot stun enemies, then run up to them and combo them with your character-specific melee moves. Doing so proficiently provides an unusual flow to the action somewhat reminiscent of the Arkham Asylum series and conserves precious ammo.The four campaigns, while somewhat disjointed, provide an immense amount of value. You'll easily clock 20+ hours to beat them all; I personally logged over 30. Such game length, and value, is pretty much unheard of in the action game genre.Those looking for a solidly entertaining action game, particularly in conjunction with a buddy, can't go wrong with RE6, particularly if they can pick it up at a budget price. Survival horror fans should look elsewhere, however."
,Recommended,221040,3074988,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,|RUS| CrazyOPEX,The game generally normal advise you to play Resident Evil 6!
,Recommended,221040,11904196,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,leonid87,Fun unique shooter with RE fan service.
,Recommended,221040,29492716,Posted: 25 January,all,May Futaba,End all the story with my boyfriend its really run <3
,Recommended,221040,8734681,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Wufei@SWBattlefront2Beta,"Great graphics, gameplay, and story.  I will not say its the best RE game (Because that belongs to RE4) But its far superior to RE5 and Operation Raccoon City.  Game will keep you entertained for hours.  Teamup with someone to finish campaign or minigames to get on the leaderboards.Controlling Zombies is tricky though.4 Story Point of views for price of one? Can't beat that."
,Recommended,221040,19142499,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Belonie,"Emphasizing too heavily on shooting and killing, lacking of decryption elements and failing to creating horrible atmosphere make Resident Evil 6 is not like a typical Residen Evil game. Only dim lights and boring jump scares may not satisfy old RE fans and horror game lovers. Also, I'm not a big fan to tons of QTEs in game and camera angles sometimes really annoy me.However, I don't think the innovation is totally bad. Redesigned control system is playable, also different campaigns make the polt is rich and attractive. Other aspects like graphics and sound also performance not bad. In one word, this is a game worth playing."
,Recommended,221040,23677234,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ChosenUnbread,"I like how the stories all cross each other multiple times.That, and the obvious sexual tension between the people in pairs.(I'm looking at you Chris and Piers)"
,Recommended,221040,11218788,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Fez1488,The story and gameplay together have made this one of my favorites
,Not Recommended,221040,29912519,Posted: 13 February,all,ZoMBoLoiD,"Cramped corridors filled with bullet sponge enemies, clunky controls and a distinct lack of horror place RE6 behind other entries in the series like Revelations. If you enjoy ""horror-lite"" co-op experiences a la Dead Space 3 then you may enjoy this, otherwise this is a disappointing entry into the RE series for most fans."
76561198064008934,Recommended,221040,11867364,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,rimey55,After the amount of time i've spent playing this game...I've finally realized that i've unlocked everything in the game.... ... ...This game makes me smile...and that smile never stops. ;)~rimey
,Recommended,221040,12098363,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,vinc,Its a good game...but...it just dosent feel like a resident evil game. :/
,Recommended,221040,12180567,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Cyan,"Resident evil 6,  was by the time of the original console release, a massive blunder thanks to a lot of problems within the game, such as terrible camera, too much focus on action, sloppy controls, bad level design and inbalanced difficulty. Now updated to fix some of those problems and with the benefits of being in pc....its still a letdown; but an interesting, entretaining one.The game has a massive amount of content: 4 different campaings, each one of 5 plus hours alongside with various difficulty levels, the now classic mercenaries mode, including all eight main characters along with an extra outfit, which changes their weapon setup and the flawled but interesting agent hunt, in which you go online and control the enemies other players fight during the campaing mode. However it feels obvious that there was not enough communication between the 600 hundred people(!) who worked in this game. During campaing mode (all of them) there is an obvious dissconect between the gameplay and the level design, for not mentioning the dissapointing musical score and the cheesy, hilariously over-the-top cinematics, full of bombastic action, unnecesary explosions and idiocy in general.Now to elaborate on the gameplay... its simply awesome. You have your standar 3rd person shoter fare and control settup, but with new features and actions, such as dedicated inputs for elaborated melee attacks, (there are over 8 different of them, for each character) counterattacks, quickshots, manual evassive inputs (No qtes) slides, and more. Mowing down hordes of undead was never this fun in this kind of games.However the level desing is against this awesomely tunned gameplay. Its constricted, dark and filled with corridors when in reality what you need are open spaces with lots of movility to enjoy all the actions you can do. There are times where entire leves are just a big, giant hallway with some dead ends and a good deal of ""cinematic cutscenes"" that makes playing through the campaing a total hassle, as if the stupid story and horrible character interaction was not bad enough....Im giving this game a possitive review in the end, just because of the Mercenaries minigame, in which you have to mow down hordes of enemies in limited time, scoring points for sucessive kills and dealing with lots of high level enemies IN OPEN SPACES, WITH LOTS OF OPTIONS, WEAPONS AND TACTICS TO USE. Its obvious that this game was made with high speed action shotouts in mind, but they ♥♥♥♥ed up hard with the level design and tone of the game...for gods sake the first thing you do in the game is to shot a zombified president of the US in the head; somehow the game still takes itself seriously after that right throught the end.Long story short: Recommended...for ten bucks or less, not 30 bucks, let alone 60"
,Not Recommended,221040,23673446,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Arran,"As if the interactive cut scenes aren't bad enough where you have to spam keys the second campaign has these running scenes where you can't control the camera making it impossible to run in the direction you want so say if you're pressing W to go forwards all of a sudden the camera angle changes and you're running backwards, utterly frustrating garbage.A modern game that doesn't recognize mouse key 4 and 5 my god that's sad. Can't even complete 3rd campaign due to a bug where you die instantly after a cut scene. Game has frozen, it's crashed, lost connection in co-op, game doesn't even save every checkpoint so can end up having to redo huge parts. Resident evil 5 was way better."
76561198151129112,Recommended,221040,24031353,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,INFAMOUS CJ,this game is awesome but the only problem is the online is a little on the dead side but i would still recommend this game though
,Recommended,221040,34365561,Posted: 19 August,all,炎 Ren Fujii,I played with a friend and it was really fun. Would recommend.
76561198191720638,Recommended,221040,35144701,Posted: 22 September,all,elo,ty
76561198073631077,Recommended,221040,11526758,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TheSauceBoss,"This game is fantastic as a game, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as a resident evil game. If that makes any sense at all.This game controls well like butta and feels better than sex once you got it! (yes i exaggerate, ♥♥♥♥ off)Lots of fun as a game in general, but like i said, sucks as a resident evil game.Fast-paced and action packed.... Not the zombie slaughtering, creepy♥♥♥♥♥fun fest like the others. But definitely intense and quite fun! The vs is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and addicting as ♥♥♥♥ing hell! The campaigns are pretty short, but the replay value is alright, and theres♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of stuff to do after you complete it!The graphics and sound effects are good and are nice on the ears and the eyes as well, theres no reason to not enjoy this game unless you simply dont like the intensity, which i understand, i dont judge bro c:PC has it better than console with this game, you get the L4D2♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's awesome and adds more replayability to the Mercenaries mode! It's kick♥♥♥♥♥I give it a 8.25/10If this game had a ♥♥♥♥♥, I'd prod it with my♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198374233287,Recommended,221040,32942252,Posted: 28 June,all,KrissLim,"Resident evil 4/6 has been my favorites game in a long time~there is no reason cause we all love to play with leon character  in the game so no suprised...anyway, I just rebuy it because it was a very nice game that I ever played!"
,Recommended,221040,8815208,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Goopy,Its OK
76561198312189234,Recommended,221040,29133598,Posted: 8 January,all,Taybro,"I liked getting this game on a steam sale for pretty cheap with all the DLC as well since I love the franchise but this isn't a Resident Evil/Biohazard game. It's just not. RE6 is more like Die Hard starring Leon, Chris, Wesker's demon spawn and Ada. I'd say it's more like Left 4 Dead but those characters are literally in the game. There's always some Burning Semi-Truck that is running you over as soon as you finish doing whatever it was that the last one broke.If you like action shooters and it's on sale then go for it. But if you are thinking survival horror where running to conserve ammo or like puzzles where the solution isn't literally right beside the problem then this may not be the mindless shooter for you.P.S. RE6/BH6 is a poor fps now with the a bunch of the same action and not enough horror or (challenging) puzzles.P.P.S I can't wait for the remake of Resident Evil 2/Biohazard 2 that is being completely reworked!"
,Not Recommended,221040,23792249,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Iffy the Bothan Booty,"Played it for an hour then asked for a refund when I realized it wasn't a survival horror game. Its basically like call of duty but you get 15 rounds instead of 1500 rounds. In my opinion the third person perspective in this game sucks. I hope capcom remembers what survival horrors use to be like, I hope they make RE7 a true survival horror game. Make RE great again!"
,Recommended,221040,11442957,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,ETPC,"RE6 was mostly savaged by users and critics when it came out, but when I played it, I found a game that while not having much of a focus, gameplay wise, it's a game that is goofy and fun and wants you to have a good time. if you are open to some jankiness in your games, pick this up!"
,Recommended,221040,7904900,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Yakuza Girl,"Biohazard 6 is a difficult game to class. On the one hand, it does so many things right, and on the other, some things horribly wrong.The story is split into 4 campaigns, each with their own gameplay and style; Leon S. Kennedy and Helena Harper team up to take on a traditional zombie outbreak, Chris Redfield and Piers Nevans have an all-out war on terror, Jake Muller and Sherry Burkin battle near-invincible bosses, and Ada Wong solves both gameplay and plot puzzles. Leon and Helena's campaign is the best, with a great atmosphere and fun gameplay involving traditional zombies, with Ada's campaign 2nd for it's plot and puzzle elements. Jake and Sherry have the most unique gameplay, due to Jake's Melee ability complimenting Sherry's ranged ability, with QTEs holding it back from being the better. Chris and Piers share the worst of the four, with their campaign being about as cliche and boring as your average military bromance story. They do crossover, both in terms of style, gameplay and story, and they do all contribute to an overarching story, which is convoluted but interesting enough that it held my attention from beginning to end.Gameplay is were the game really shines and shows it's unique identity. Movement and combat is a smooth, fast and fluid ride for the most part, broken up by the bane of my existence: Quick Time Events. With gameplay as good as it is, I'm simply lost to find any reason why they thought filling their game with these boring, tiresome interactive cinematics. The excellent combat mechanics, which include dodges, rolls, cover and some character specific moves, are more than enough to carry the game. The other stuff on offer, however, is not. Some driving sequences from Chris and Jake's campaigns are more painful than fun, Ada's helicoper level is mostly boring point and click, and some other odd choices make some sections of the campaign more trouble than it's worth. Multiplayer also handles an odd mix; while the basic combat mechanics are great in modes such as Mercenaries, Mercenaries No Hope, Versus and the other modes that handle normal characters play well, others, such as Agent Hunt, which puts you in the role of a zombie in the campaign, controls awful and feels sluggish. Also, don't bother with the gamepad. It works, but barely, and the keyboard has hotkeys which will make your gameplay experience so much better.The music and audio is all around high quality, with excellent voice acting, great music and fantastic audio cues enhance the gameplay and the story to awesome hieghts. It played exceptionally well on my 5.1 Surround Sound system and was a thrill to blast the sound to it's maximum levels.Graphics are all around great. The HUD is small and keeps out of the way for the most part, but the itmes menu could have been handled better. The textures are decent aside from some low-res environmental textures, and the lighting is beautiful. Animations, Capcoms strongest point, I think, is fantastic, though some feel like they're too exagerated and overlong. The art design holds up well and is overall a great-looking game.Story - 7/10Gameplay - 6/10Audio - 9/10Graphics - 8/10Controls - 8/10Total - 38/50The game ran in max graphics, minus the Anti-Aliasing, at 60fps, with the following specs:Windows 7 64bitIntel i5 750 2.6GHzNvidia 250GT 1GB4 GB RAM1920x1200 Monitor"
,Recommended,221040,27524818,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shantom,"Yes, the campaigns are badly designed, but there's a fantastic TPS in here which is allowed to shine in Mercenaries mode."
76561197972453567,Not Recommended,221040,7857507,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,]TPG[ WhiteNun,"This game is difficult to recommend. Where on one hand, it has a fun, overly complicated, Resident Evil storyline, they completely reworked the combat so it just doesn't feel like a RE game anymore. I Found myself wondering if I was at an arcade with a plastic gun in my hand, not at home in the dark wondering where a box of ammo is an what scary thing I won't be able to fight is around the corner.Another major issue I have is you cannot pause the game. It is 100% design for co-op so the game is ""live"" at all times, even when messing with options. This makes optimization difficult, or taking a break, because there is always something around that wants to kill you.I haven't put as many hours as I want to because playing feels like an awkward chore. I just want to experience the story but just can't bring myself to make it through."
,Not Recommended,221040,7750601,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,kig,"So very, very bad. The game design choices are completely illogical, the only way to have fun in Resident Evil is to approach it with a sense of humor of how bad it is. If you can enjoy broken gameplay and nonsensical story then it can actually be fun."
76561198076589457,Not Recommended,221040,8268894,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mega,"BAD CONTROL!BAD VIEWPOINT!BAD STORY!How dumb! (About story)I keep laughing when I play this game.THAT IS NOT HORROR GAME, IS SPOOF GAME."
,Not Recommended,221040,8353909,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Syluxguy28O3,THIS GAME SUUUUCCCKKKKSSSSSS.
76561197969854476,Not Recommended,221040,9405463,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Krokodile,"In early 1996 the original Resident Evil was released and PlayStation 1 players could play what would become one of the unquestioned kings of horror-survival games.  The games have evolved and change over the years and now the sixth installment of Resident Evil brings back the continued story of the terrible biological experiments conducted by the Umbrella corporation.The Good: This game had some of the least painful network I've ever used.  Simply invite a friend from your steam list and off you go!  The graphics for this game are also absolutely exceptional.  Only water looks a little off and even then it is not by much.  A movie done with this games engine would be easy to watch and still be immersed.The Bad:  Absolutely Phorking Every-Gord-Dammed-Thing Else!  Resident Evil 6 is the sad, discouraging, despicable end to a wonderful series that will leave a horrible taste in your mouth and keep you wondering how this series could have gone so wrong.  This game has no redeeming qualities other than some clean networking and graphics and, let's face it ""good graphics"" only mean anything for the first 1-2 years after release at best.  The frustrating and slow, maladroit player controls, the labyrinthian and discouragingly non-intuitive UI, the ""thanks-for-that-one-captain-obvious"" dialog from start to finish, the excruciating predictability, the painfully relentless stream of cliches and the unentertaining grind of fighting the basic monsters make this game much more of a chore than a game.  I was stunned when I started playing RE6, I thought to myself, ""this MUST be a joke, this is SO BAD nobody could have possibly actually though that anyone would play this game and say to themselves 'hey, we've got a solid game here!' but no, it is actually this bad.  The engine for this games feels like your character is extremely dizzy and running through waist deep water, QTE's (which is a whole separate rant I will spare you) absolutely ruin any form of immersion the game could have had.  I am not kidding when I say that there are no redeeming qualities to this game.  The only way I was able to stomach the few hours I lost to this game had nothing to do with the game itself but rather the fact that I had a great co-op buddy to endure this game with.  We were like Tom Servo and Crow from Mystery Science Theater 3000 and made fun of each and every dissapointment this game threw at us.  Much like someone bleeding to death that is telling jokes to stay conscious, humor was the only way we made it to the end of one of the campaigns in this game.  For the love of all that is good and holy DO NOT BUY RESIDENT EVIL 6!  THIS IS A TERRIBLE GAME!  Care to read more about how unbearably bad this game is?  Read Jim Sterling's review on Destructoid, after reading what he had to say and after enduring (not playing or enjoying but enduring) this game for 14 LONG! hours I can honestly say his review is 100% spot on!(http://www.destructoid.com/review-resident-evil-6-235326.phtml)The Funny:  If you are the kind of person who can laugh at horrible jokes AND if you have never played a Resident Evil game before then you will be able to laugh at how poorly the otherwise wonderful Resident Evil series will ends.  If I didn't like the series I'd laugh it off as the death of a fantastic series that was snuffed out just two years before it's 20th aniversary.  Since I did like the series however, I am dissapointed and angry that this tidal wave of frusteration is how Resident Evil goes out.  Imagine the worlds greatest pianist playing Beethoven's 9th symphony and right at the crescendo they stop playing, run over and slap you in the face, take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on your lap and then give you the finger as they run away screaming ... that's how it feels to like the Resident Evil series and then to have this game be released with the Resident Evil name undeservedly written across it's title screen.Summary: Seriousley fu(k QTEs, fu(k AAA titles using wonderful old series to turn a quick buck and fu(k who ever was responsible for this God-forsaken train wreck of a game.  If it had been a stand along game that we could all forget that would be one thing but it's not, it's a beloved 18 year old horror-thriller series!  It feels as if Brandon Sanderson replaced the end of the Wheel of Time with a picture of his nut sack (that's not an invitation Brandon, please don't do that and keep up the good work!).  I give Resident Evil 6 a 2 out of 10 and since I had a great co-op partner I give both of those points to us, not to Resident Evil 6, since we were the ones who made some tiny pittance of fun out of a game that offered not one iota of joy by itself.Summary: 2 out of 10"
76561198057111041,Not Recommended,221040,8125797,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Bananov,"This is a decent action game, but the lack of suspense, the AI glitches doesn't makes it a god Resident Evil game."
76561197999099461,Recommended,221040,8435422,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Serenade,"This game is legitimately great, it knows what it is and it nails that so well: a big, dumb, cinematic console shooter with a co-op lean.I do not know what occured in it post-release, with patches, tweaks, fixes, etc, but this game is hilarious and an absolute ball with someone else. Combat is very polished, the game offers a varried and highly satasfying selection of difficulties and there is a LOT of content on display here.I do enjoy classical Resident Evil, and this isn't it, this is a straight up corridor action game with a lot of co-op mechanics, good combat and a story that NEVER attempts to take itself seriously unlike the current landscape of overwrought ""feels"" titles.If you liked RE5, paticularly in co-op, and you feel like you'd want that but faster, flashier, smoother and even goofier, then check it out."
76561197984348330,Recommended,221040,8807542,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Going B,"Best 3rd person shooter in 2013, lacking the whole scary part aspect. Story line is above par and the controls are decent if you are playing on both controller or key/mouse, They wanted more of an action take on the game to pull more fans obviously but if you are a big fan of the series i would play it for the story line. If you want old school resident evil play the new one, Resident evil: Revelations. As far as the dlc is concern, meh not a big fan except the agent hunt, you can invade peoples game like in dark souls!! worth the 39.99 IMO"
76561197972449958,Not Recommended,221040,9260044,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,dgalietti,"Not really sure what to say.. I don't normally write reviews. But I have been a fan of the resident evil series since day one.While this isn't exactly a bad game, it just seems to be missing something.. and it also happens to be the only game in the series that I have not finished. I completed just one of the campaigns and feel like the game just doesn't have anything else to offer.There just aren't a lot of ""resident evil"" moments to be had here..I liked RE5.. and played through more than once..I loved RE4.. and logged countless hours... I would still be playing if I hadn't lost the disc..   To me, this is the formula that they need to rediscover."
,Not Recommended,221040,9267552,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ludibembo,"This game... I cannot express what a dissapointment it is other than saying that it is a disgrace to the Resident Evil genre. This is not even close to all the other RE games. Different gameplay (worse), poor storyline, poor, gameplay, pathetic camera, controls etc.The game doesn't incorporate the puzzles like other RE games. It has a strict course you need to follow, extremely stupid scenes that happen to ""spice things up"". It is so dark that you cannot see anything most of the time and the ""flashlight"" doesn't help at all. One of the worst games I have ever played and I regreat paying for it. DO NOT BUY!!!I would give it 2 of 5, and only because it is a RE game. Otheriwise I would rate it as 1. I will play it only because the story may be relevant to future RE games (which will hopefully be better, a lot better)."
,Recommended,221040,13817717,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Cuddletrou af BandiWOAH XIII,"EDIT:Through further research, I found out that the biggest reason people drive away from this game is because it doesn't follow the same genre aspect as the previous titles. The previous games in the series follow the survival horror genre, while both this and RE5 follow a more action/adventure road with horror aspects thrown into the mix, which lots of people didn't enjoy. Seein' as I haven't played any other Resident Evil titles, this wasn't as obvious to me.I may not be the fittest to write a review to this game. Reason is because I've played this and Resident Evil 5, and that's it. I know lots of people here have been around since RE4, and maybe even earlier than that! Eitherwho, this is my view of the game and I'm gonna explain what you should expect if you're interrested. I'm also gonna make some comparrisons towards RE5, and keep in mind that I've played through that game tens of hundrads of times(most damn literally) with the greatest of joy and I know how all of it's mechanics work. Somethin' else to keep in mind is that I'm more for the experience rather than nitpicking on some small details. ANYWAYS, LET'S GO!(I'll put a tl;dr at the end if you don't want to read this entire review)MODESThis game has several modes you can take on. Of course, there's the classical campaign, but it's divided into 4 different parts, each part is played by different characters. You can chose right of the bat which campaign to start with and which character to play, and durin' the gameplay, you will bump into the other campaign characters. How you play it and in which order is completely up to you. Somethin' else this game brings back is Mercenaries, the mode where endless hordes of zombies come and attack you, and your job is to fend em' off and gain points while keepin' the timer clockin'. There are more special modes such as Survivor, Onslaught and whatnot, but I haven't played those, mainly because they are DLC's that not many people own. Plus, I'm more of a solo guy, so that explains it.MECHANICSIf you've played Resident Evil 5, you will know what I'm talkin' aboot. The game is built around the combat techniques and loads of QTE's(which is a very bad thing for most, but not as much of a big deal for others, includin' me), and RE5 was no exception. To be exact, there were two buttons in RE5 specifically, one to ""use"" and pick up other objects, while the other one was for partner actions. Now these two buttons were used all the time as QTE's, where you had to press either one or both of them to survive. In this game however, they stepped it up quite a bit. By default, left mouse button does a simple melee attack, while right mouse button aims with the gun you're currently holdin'. Pressin' the left mouse button while aiming will then fire the gun. Space is used for sprint, as well as usin' some objects(jump over a gap, climb a ladder, etc. You will also perform these moves when already sprinting into em'). Regardin' QTE's, they are very situational and may cause severe rage inducing tendencies, so if you are easily affected by such, well, you were warned.There is also skills you can purchase, both for the campaign, mercenaries and the other modes, which are purchased with skill points, which you can get in pick ups, as well as earned when completin' mercenaries games. Some of the skills increase melee damage, firearm damage, more frequent specific ammo pick ups etc.Somethin' more to keep in mind immediatly is that you can walk around while aiming, which you couldn't do in RE5(You actually stood entirely still when aiming). One more thin' I wanna mention is that you can manually perform dodges and rolls whenever you want. For instance, if you press space bar while aiming, you will perform a quick duck. If you hold A and press space bar while aiming, you will perform a left barrel roll. Same goes for W, S and D. These are also set to the keys Z, X and C, however you can press them whenever without the need to aim in order to roll left 'n right or throw yourself on your back to avoid an attack. Also, you can perform some epic counter attacks(known as coup de grace) if you press the left mouse button just as an enemy attacks. This also applies to many actions in the game, makin' this game very fun to play!PC RELATED SETTINGS(how good the port is)I'm no stranger to stuff like this, cus' I wanna play PC games on my gaming rig rather than console ports, and I wanna be clear when I say that this game is most certianly(and luckily) NOT a console port! There are enough graphical settings you can change(textures, refresh rate, vsync, resolution etc. Pretty much everythin' you'd need), and everythin' in this game regardin' the mouse and keyboard controls can be changed(however there's no secondary controls). You can also enable a gamepad(however you'll need to do some editing in some game files to get the Playstation button prompts, cus' normally you get buttons like 1, 2, 3, 4 etc. Other settings such as your preferred position(camera left or right to the player), laser sight or reticle, laser sight color, camera position, FOV(both default and when aiming) and lots of other goodies are available.PROS+Great remappable controls(you don't even need to use some of the controls, such as Z to roll left, since you can use the method I explained earlier)+Characters from earlier Resident Evil games are playable+Mercenaries mode(No Mercy mercenaries are also available with L4D2 characters)+great PC port!+Satisfying combat+Overall optimization+quality of textures are great, however some elements could be improved.+Plenty of campaign difficulties, includin' ""No Hope"" that was added because many argued that ""Professional"" wasn't dificult enoughCONS-Situational QTE's which take some time gettin' used to(not to mention that some of em' are impossible to complete without dyin' by em' first)-A somewhat cheesy storyline+events(There are lots of parts of the story where somethin' happens that makes you go ""How the hell did he do that?!"" or ""That's just impossible"". A big action movie vibe if you ask me)-Playin' co-op will enable Steam's in-software microphone thingy, which has rather poor quality, not to mention a rather big delay(at least back when me and a friend played together, wahich was literally on day one when the game was out). This can fortunatly be disabled within Steam, so there's no need for tedious game file changin' to fix it-Somewhat lacking in gun customization, primarily because more focus in this subject went on to the skill system(more guns are found within the game, so no need to worry 'bout that)-There are lots of cutscenes, both short and long, that -could- ruin the immersion in gameplayNow, do I recommend this? I'm gonna say that I personally had loads of fun with this game! However, this is certianly not for everybody, and even the most dedicated of Resident Evil fans would dislike it. So wether I would recommend you to buy it or not is entirely up to you, but remember that the QTE's will haunt you...Thanks for reading my review!~Melee-Chan"
76561197998218047,Recommended,221040,22257852,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,✘†Mi†chO†✘,"I felt really Let down at first playing this , Being such a big fan of the previous re games especially the gameplay and feel from 4 and 5 it was a completly alterd experience and one of a much more cinematic nature , However after giving it some time and getting the feel for the more arcade like gameplay , it started to pickup and become more enjoyable , If you are expecting this game to be scary / old school you will be dissapointed , but still a fun game and must have for any RE fans."
76561198369491660,Recommended,221040,32905314,Posted: 27 June,all,Jerry,I don't know why everyone has a problem with the game it's very fun!
76561198061056094,Recommended,221040,26341864,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Goldsaw17,"brilliant gameplay, different to the other RE games ive played"
,Recommended,221040,12093617,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,XthemastaX,"Jake Survivor Wars. 10/10 Would Jake again. Story is decent, gameplay is good, survivor with Jakes are awesome."
,Recommended,221040,8708615,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Judah Jones,"I had many doubts going in. It was a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥show rating wise when it came out for consoles, and I made sure I avoided it. So when it popped in a steam sale recently, I thought what have I got to lose, and I have a PC that can handle it. And I'm very glad I did.The positives first:  RE6 is  a good looking game. If your machine can handle it, crank up the graphics settings. Rain glistens off the characters as it falls, hair and clothes rustle in the breeze, and of particular note, the enemies are truly vile and horrifically disgusting, and I mean that a high complement. The spider-like enemies in particular always made me lean back from my monitor whenever they showed up, from their creepy scamper to the thick hairs growing off their bodies.There's an over-arching story broken into 4 campaigns, with the occasional crossover with the other protagonists at certain points. The individual campaigns play very much like a greatest hits package of previous RE games styles. Leon’s campaign is like a retelling of RE4, from the cathedral setting down to the Ganado-like enemies. Chris's campaign is more like RE5, heavy on the action and broad daylight set pieces in a urban/military environments, and Jake's campaign is more like RE3 as him and Sherry are chased by the Nemesis equivalent UsterNakk (sp?). The last campaign of Ada Wong weaves its way through the previous 3 three explaining her presence in each, along with her own motivations. Each campaign has 5 chapters that take ~1 hour complete, so 5 one hour chapters per campaign x 4 campaigns is a pretty hefty 20hrs of action content. It’s all playable co-op too, and the AI holds its own. It also can't die, so you don't have to baby sit if you are playing solo (like I did). There’s certainly not a lack of things to take on. The story took lot of flack when it came out, but frankly, resident evils' plots have always been pretty ludicrous. At the end of the day, you are there primarily there to blow away zombies and all manner of disgusting bio-freaks, which the game serves up in droves. What probably threw people off is that the story doesn't unfold linearly and jumps all over the place as you complete each campaign. You can pick each campaign chapter and there are lists online of an order in which to play the chapters to get the story as is unfolds chronologically, but frankly i think that's unnecessary as it’s not that complex. It can suffer from pacing issues but you are thrown in some pretty large scale set pieces at least once per chapter so the slower parts are basically quiet before some zombie♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan. Plenty of difficulty levels depending on the level of masochistic pleasure you desire. Overall, lots of replay value.Once you learn the controls (an issue which I’ll touch upon later) You will realize they have made some much needed (and appreciated by me) changes to how the game plays. Characters are no longer tanks, turning laboriously left and right. There are standing dodges, back, forward and side rolls, and a first for me, laying prone is actually a useful and viable strategy (it recovers stamina very quickly). All the moves are very well animated too. Also, there is now a dedicated melee button, which is long overdue, and makes it easier when you run out of ammo and are surrounded. Its balanced by each melee attack consuming stamina, and when you use it all you have an exhaustion period during which you can't melee at all. The new additions truly shine in mercenaries mode, which arguably stole the show for me. The now standard score attack kill zombies for time mode is surprisingly addictive. the new melee and movement options really benefit the fast paced gameplay, and you will find yourself getting hype off of some John woo acrobatics that you engage in, pulling off a satisfying headshot, then physically countering an enemy trying to cheap shot you, and finishing them off  with a stylish quick shot. Very, very satisfying and just-one-more-round inducing (also I did them all solo, Co-op would be an even bigger blast as it does get hectic). Score an A rank or higher and you'll unlock a pretty funky alternate costume for that specific character, along with a remixed weapons loadout. Another benefit I didn't realize was that Capcom and valve did a PC exclusive left 4 dead 2 crossover with the characters of L4D2 appearing in mercenaries mode. Not only are the characters fully voiced, but their levels throw absolutely insane numbers of monsters at you at once. There are some multiplayer options, but these can easily be avoided, as the active online community is long dead and you can save a couple of bucks by not opting to purchase them with the rest of the game.Of course there is the other side of all this positivity. RE6's biggest issue is how poorly it conveys necessary information. The game tells you how to move and shoot, but that's about it. Nowhere, not even in an in game resource of some kind does it explain how to dodge, or other critical actions like quick shots and character specific quick shot combos. These is particularly baffling as several of the characters have character specific moves, like Jake's hand to hand combat and Leon/Helena's crowd control shooting maneuvers, which come in extremely handy. Fortunately there is an excellent ultimate survival guide on the steam forums which details all these things, but without that I doubt i would have stuck around for even a third of the game (which i'm sure many people didn't, which is a shame). Another valid complaint is that the default camera is much to close to the player. Makes for great screenshots, but also allows monsters to sneak up on you and get a cheap shot from behind in. The fix for this is adjusting a slider, but that option is obtusely buried in the game's title screen settings, Easily fixable, but again, i wouldn't know that unless I googled the issue. The last irritant i had was that the game suffers from the dreaded Bosses-that die-but-not-really syndrome. You fight and put down so mighty impressive creatures, only to quickly realize that you'll fight the same creature again in another similar 10 mins later, except slightly remixed (the second time in a confined space instead of an arena for example). It robs the encounters of any real weight, as you never feel like you accomplished anything, as they are back lickedy split minutes later with no sense of damage that they supposedly received.But overall, I was very pleasantly surprised by how fun the game is. The campaigns chapters’ each have a how-can-they-top-the-last-encounter.feel, and you are guaranteed some sort of final epic boss encounter for each one. I would run through them again with a friend who was willing, but I'm glad I at least finished them each solo. The real draw will be mercenaries mode."
76561198031973707,Not Recommended,221040,8645233,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Eleazaros,"Junk.  (and my first really negative review - ever)If it's a horror story with environement you're into, find something else and if it's action - again, find something else.  This doesn't combine them decently and both sides are weak.  ""Time sink"" comes to mind on this thing with plenty of hunting around for ammo to fight.Without all the ammo issues it might be an entertaining action game but not how they chose to do it and we'll not go into the laughable ""horror"" side of this game.  The biggest horror you'll face is how you managed to waste the money to buy this thing.I seriously wonder at the ignorance of a game designer who enables an unlimited ammo mode but only *AFTER* players have beaten this game.  Players look to up their difficulty, not downgrade it for later play-throughs.  Bone-head dev stunt there."
76561197961433180,Not Recommended,221040,11342654,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Beefy131,"I regret buying this.  My initial assessment was that it seemed pretty good.  The gameplay quickly degrades however.  It seems like this game is trying to emulate games from the COD or Gears of War franchises.  This could be ok if it didn't seem like actual gameplay was an afterthought.  It's as if they designed these set pieces or scenarios and then thought about how to shovel in gameplay afterward.  The first realization of this was in the gun shop scene: WE ARE IN A GUN SHOP WHERE IS THE AMMO?!   I'd assume the owner wouldn't be so stingy because it's a zombie apocalypse, but perhaps I assume too much.Ok, then aftewards Leon and Helena are on a bus where a big fat zombie is holding up the front tires so they can't get away.  They have to survive other zombies' attacks, while trying to emtpy enough rounds into the big one's head through the front window.  Zombies come into the bus, they melee them, they shoot the bus lifter, rinse, repeat.  It takes too long to get enough ammo to do this.  I'm ok with making a game challenging via ammo crunch, but this just breaks the tension and gets BORING.  Not to mention our big uberbadass Leon has a fatigue gauge where he can't kick a zombie if it runs out.  When we're surrounded by very dumb NPCs (who don't shoot the ranged spitter zombies) and trying to survive by doing super badass moves (more on that later) it was very frustrating to have this happen.  Game to player: give zombies running bulldogs and sweet roundhouse kicks!  Player:  Ok sure!! Game:  Oh wait we gotta be like all realistic and like the other big blockbuster games, so nm hobble around.  Oh also player, you can't keep like a shovel or 2 by 4 these guys try to attack you with to attack them back.. cuz like, we wanna kinda also be like old arcade games.  We'll just keep the worst of both worlds to make it frustrating.  Player: Damn this kind of sucks I hope the next encounter doesn't suck like this.So that gets done and it gets to the cathedral.  This was like in Wolverine Origin when they get to the island.  The game is cruising along, not good, not bad, and then the wheels just fall right off.  First off, this church has security statues with laser guided crossbows.  I'm assuming it's some kind of facility b/c of what happened next... so why would they have an odd, inneffective security system of this style, instead of some kind of modern sentry turret, or ya know, a locked door.  So that part is also really dumb.  Then there's the boss fight where a zombie will pick up Leon and tentacle♥♥♥♥♥♥his face if you press buttons wrong.  This was the last straw for me.  I get that in games, especially horror games, your character will meet a grisly fate if you mess up.  The scene was just so gratuitously revolting.  It must have been included solely for a gross out, I guess.  Well I don't play games to be grossed out.  Again, shouldn't the gameplay be on the forefront of the designer's mind?  There was quickly a draught of ammo and melee did completely nothing to this boss while NPCs shot at nothing with their guns that apparently had infinite ammo.  Oh wait this boss also spews gas which turns people into zombies but Leon and Helena aren't affected, they can just stab each other in the heart with a syringe and then take herbs like mints and are fine.So in a comparative summary:Resident Evil 4 was 90 percent great and 10 percent manure (button mashing sequences and the block sliding puzzle should have been editted out on the re-release)Resident Evil 5 is a little more on the manure side but that's still far outweighted by the good parts of game,  It has button mashing, but during one, the main character punches a boulder out of the way because he's just so damn jacked.Resident Evil 6 starts off pretty good but quickly becomes a chore, but might appeal to those who value images of homesexual♥♥♥♥♥♥in a game over decent gameplay."
,Not Recommended,221040,34745917,Posted: 4 September,all,afro_Jezuz,"I'm still playing as I write this, and I intend to see it to the end...This is from my experience in Professional Difficulty and my opinion as a player.I am only half-way through the Chris/Piers campaign, and I will update if this is unique to these first 2/5 campaigns.There's no player agency, not even in the camera itself.(Fighting the unusually Impervious Zombies is one thing, Fighting the Camera every step of the way is just poor design.)The settings menu is poorly executed, being located on a seperate Real Time instance than in the saftey of the Pause Screen.(the Pause Screen only exists in Singleplayer, which is reset to Online everytime you start by default.)The weapon selection is dissapointing. Only 3-6 weapons per character across the entire campaign, no sharing.The sniper scopes all feel like the PC has parkinsons with no way to steady aim. The Steady-Aim skill provides as much support as a spiteful step-mother.(They made the scope-projected hitbox huge to compensate..)The skills availible are surprisingly poor in effectiveness regardless of application or organization.Most guns feel like Marshmallow Poofers even after Maxed Out on all Damage-Based Skills.It takes approximately 4-7 headshots to kill a Zombie. 2-3 if Critical Proc.(no explaination in-game so far as to why shooting the brain does nothing.)The movement feels akin to a Semi-Truck pulling a U-Turn on a 2-lane street.and the Pathfinding/PartnerAI could have been better coded by 7 Chimps in a glass room with a Stick and a Nokia Flip Phone.(70+ deaths have occured this way across 2 chapters. Just being unable to take cover, or go into doors, or begging Chris/Leon to move so that I can progress to a safe location.)overall, If you are a fan of the Resident Evil series, I'd suggest you get this game.Just like i'd suggest Legend of Zelda Fans to experience The Wand of Gamelon and The Faces of Evil.this feels so far like a capcom-based Social Experiment....My advice for players looking for a less troublesome experience:Just melee. The only effecient weapon in the game are your bare hands."
,Not Recommended,221040,8426127,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Equveni,"Pro:+ There's a co-op mode.+ Surprisingly playable with a controller.Con:- There're needlessly long cutscenes every few minutes in the game, which you cannot skip.- You can't even access the main menu without playing a 20 minutes long tutorial.- You can not pause the game. Never ever. You have a phone call? Restart from the last checkpoint and watch the cutscene again.- Ingame HUD popups (e.g. inventory, menu) have different keys for closing them. If you accidentally open one, you have to search for the correct key to close it and continue the game. While you're being attacked, of course.- You can't attack bodies that lay around. Not until they start attacking you after you walked past them.- You can't explore the maps, there's only one path from point A to point B that you must walk, and there's no chance to walk  up to any other door or corridor."
76561198015641538,Not Recommended,221040,23577392,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,hacy,"Only ~30 minutes in, so this is not an entirely objective review, but the controls are sooooo clunky I can't play any more, and I don't mean the input implementation, I mean the direction of it - taking away control, scripted switching from running to walking, camera control that tries to build up scripted events for better effect but is just a huge immersion breaker. The sheer number of design mistakes here is just awful, and I don't even mean the story, only the feel and controls of the game. Will not play again."
76561197973852098,Recommended,221040,27287952,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tim Deckers,Great story and nice mechanism.
76561197975171803,Not Recommended,221040,8348251,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,project17,found it very boring and hard to get on with like traking a step back give it a miss
,Recommended,221040,12753795,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,ChronicHedgehog,"I can't recommend the campaigns at all, they're a complete mess, even if some of the individual chapters are good. However, I can't recommend Mercenaries mode ENOUGH. It's that damn amazing. Easily the best Third Person Shooter since Vanquish. 60 FPS and No Mercy mode make the PC version the definitve one."
,Not Recommended,221040,500555,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,+Sputnik+,Are quick time events (QTE) the worst thing to happen to video games since the Xbox? I'll leave it up to you to decide... but the answer is yes.
76561197974004598,Not Recommended,221040,32905650,Posted: 27 June,all,Iskarius,"This is a long game, too long in fact.Much has changed from the previous Resident Evil titles and this is starting to feel like the movies.The story isn't great. The characters you should already know from previous games, but none of them do anything particularly interesting (Well Ada is a stand out character, but that's that).In order for you to truly beat this game you must play through the campaign multiple times from multiple perspectives. It feels repetitive and boring after a while. Even for a co-op title this is a little too much for my taste. It just doesn't hold interest for that long.Thankfully you can get it from sale, and that's really the only time when this game should be bought."
76561197976461869,Not Recommended,221040,28458936,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,AnEcclesiasticalPotato,"Easily the worst game in the series so far, and a bad game overall. Horrible AI, sloppy and unresponsive controls, inconsistent game mechanics and terrible pacing. Absolutely would not recommend."
,Recommended,221040,12704803,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Unknown,"Resident Evil 6 is a very complex game. It took almost 100 hours for me to get use to controls. The game itself is very replayable, fits perfectly for people like me, but if you are the type who likes to complete the whole game in 15-20 hours, you will be bored quickly. In previous series I was disappointed about the fact, that you cannot punch nearby zombies. So far this is the only game in the series where you can initiate physical attacks without having to daze the enemy first. I only hate that every character has his own weapons, but even this can be fixed, if you know how ;)Mercenaries brought tons of fun to me. Bad thing is that extra skins for each character are terrible.I didn't expect any good game to come out since Left 4 Dead with good versus mode. But RE6 is another one like this. Too bad Capcom are too busy or lazy to fix some bugs like rapid fire from shotguns and sniper rifles which are used by some pubs. In private lobbies it's funny to play using melee only, like Chris vs. Wesker (reskined Jake). Me and my friend done it a couple of times.In conclusion I'd like to say that I got complete pack for the full price and I don't regret it. 10/10. Good job, Capcom."
,Recommended,221040,15707073,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"Resident Evil Sex / Biohazard Sex - All you need do is look at the logo, and realize it is a woman sucking off a giraffe."
,Recommended,221040,1945049,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Ninelon,I am a fan of Resident Evil series since the first Resident Evil game. I like everything in RE6 and I have no idea why this game got so many bad reviews. PC version is better than PS3 version though. Epic story I should say. I recommend you guys play this.
,Recommended,221040,29666310,Posted: 3 February,all,Nαтαlια Serαғιɴo🌙,i love this game ^^ resident evil 6 = life -_____-
,Recommended,221040,29545926,Posted: 28 January,all,DaedricAdept,"Can't complain, wonderful game and definatly not deserving all the hate it got."
,Recommended,221040,12239552,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Heinzy,"If you have an ich for a gears of war like game with or without coop, this can more then help.Fun, stressful and well written.Only downside is that when you get knocked down, you can easily loose your sense of direction, when you do finally get back orientated you often get knocked down again.My tip is when you get up just run... RUN!!! =)"
,Recommended,221040,12087635,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Master Belschwur,Shut up and take my 50 million dollars
,Recommended,221040,7386443,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,くまのプーさん,Cool
,Recommended,221040,19401404,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Narvaez,"The Resident Evil 6 series was great. It's an intense game, where you can play as Leon, Helena, Chris, Piers, Jake, or Sherry. The three main campaigns (Leon, Chris, Jake), link up as they progress. (Helena, Piers, and Sherry are side characters that you can play as.) Every campaign has it's own unique story line - although they're linked. Leon, with zombies, and a few mutants. Chris was Javo, muscular zombie-like men with guns, and a huge muscular lion-like creature covered in solid. And Jake, a Hand-To-Hand expert, with huge zombies, such as Ustanak.Each character has their own unique styles, Leon/Chris perfer long-mid range combat; Jake can get up close and personal using his bare hands, with martial arts. A virus breaks out, causing the United States to collapse. Would reccomend, although online isn't alive much; it's very fun.Pros:Kill monsters.Scavange for ammo.Small thrills in horror.Amazing graphic style.Amazing Counter-Attacks, follow ups, and ""fatalities.""Cons:Little horror.Occasional bugs that can insta-kill you in the story.Several annoying QTE's (Quick-Time Events.)Overall, I think it's an amazing game. Would reccomend."
76561198023317053,Recommended,221040,3471392,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Johnny Valentine,"Es una mescla de todo, para mi no fue Resident Evil y dejan muchos cavos sueltos, pero jugar online es bastante divertido en ocaciones, un juego para matar el tiempo"
,Recommended,221040,12103148,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Aksel,The controls felt a little bit awkward at first but you end up getting used to them.Otherwise I love this game so far.
,Recommended,221040,558368,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,If camp then geny,"QTE strategy Horror.  Don't relax during cutscenes, S%it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off."
,Recommended,221040,16741876,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,ネプチューン,"I'm not a fans of Resident Evil but I really enjoy this game, every character has his own story so you never gonna get bored to play it again with differents character. I spent almost 70hrs of gameplay and still wanna play some more. If you love zombies, blowing the zombie's head with a headshot and killing the final boss on every level then this is definitely your game.You gonna enjoy the maps, the zombies, the monsters even the guns...if I recommend this game ? but of course I really recommend it"
,Recommended,221040,14180071,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Imperial Watch,"This game is considered to be the worst main story of the franchise, it is true that it is not at all as scary as the older games were, but that doesn't mean it is a bad game. Graphics are decent, characters are interesting, Ada's campaign is just great and if you do this multiplayer it is just awesome. I would recommend this to people that just want to have fun smashing in zombie heads, and if you have a friend then go ahead and smash them together, but don't compare it to the other games as it really doesn't fit in with the style, it's a blast in its own way."
,Recommended,221040,20554467,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Dad Joke McStroke,"The port itself, is fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic.The game itself? Stupid as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but not in a bad way, gameplay is as tight as it was in 4.The story?It's literally the dumbest, most bombastic action movie-esque a game has ever been. It has no self-awareness, which adds to its charm greatly.Play the Co-OP with a friend, and be prepared to laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off.This game is like a charles bronson movie, dial'd up to ♥♥♥♥ing eleven."
,Recommended,221040,2835826,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Anthony,100x better graphics than consoles and also has splitscreen! Enjoy Resident Evil 6 at last with the PC release NOW!!!
,Recommended,221040,1488017,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Mr.Hell,"Even though this is probably the best PC port Capcom has ever done I wouldn't recommend this game to everyone unless you're a huge fan of RE series. Too many cut-scenes and action cut-scenes, camera acts unpredictably sometimes and some boss battles are unnecessary hard even on easier difficulty levels. On the bright side the game is really long (around 20 hours) which isn't common for action games these days. In overall they could do it so much better but failed. 7 out of 10."
76561198002441174,Recommended,221040,2108930,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Evade,Fun and frustrating in Coop.I wouldnt want to play it Solo.
76561198024515120,Recommended,221040,3546668,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Orphan Black 117,I know this game got some bad press but I think its a really good 3rd person shooter!
,Recommended,221040,13926565,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Cole,game
76561198048127405,Recommended,221040,5337151,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Atropos,"Классная игра ,особенно в совместном режиме."
,Recommended,221040,13670944,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,v.RattleHead,"I dont understand why this game had bad reviews, i get that is not a ""horror"" game like the original since its more action oriented but still is a great game."
76561198064849194,Recommended,221040,6371618,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Tribfisher,"I like it.Even RE6 is no batter than Resident evil 5,but still a good game."
76561198254982244,Recommended,221040,23706484,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Berk_Commander,"11/10 this game is nice shooter zombie game. Good graphic, good gameplay, good action, good boss fight... But first play resident evil 4 and 5 than play resident evil 6"
,Recommended,221040,20442097,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,ᅚ,"My firts time meet with Biohazard/Resident evilis in a game bar,my friends and i don't know which game shall we playat this time i saw A man with a gun fighting with those monstersthen i asked the boss that we want to play gameon that i know a game named Biohazard/Resident Eviland a man called Leon S KennedyTime goes by today i played Resident Evil 6/Biohazard 6i also can see Leon fighting with the Virus and BioterrorismHopes He can still fighting until the Virus Diasappear from the worldNow come to play this game"
,Recommended,221040,23919009,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,rookie,"I was always a big fan of the RE series, Got the dreamcast just for Code Veronica which later got released on multiple different platforms. ANYWAY, I kind of went away for a while, missed RE4, RE5, came back to this after a Steam promotion, I saw a lot of negative reviews however I thought there wasn't much to lose given in to the price it was being sold for. Well folks! I was amazed, I did enjoy the game, it's good to see the characters back in a higher definition, the game play is good. not as creepy as it once were, very few puzzles that require back tracing, the game is pretty much linear and straight forward, it took me less than 10hours to beat all the different campaigns excluding the additional stuff. I had fun, the story kept me intrigued to keep on playing the different characters.The downside though was the lame camera angles during fast-paced action events where you gotta run away from harmfull junk that chases you. it really annoyed the living sh*t out of me, let alone the glitchy corners where the camera would kind of struggle to adjust to it's set angles but once you get over that, the game is fun to play. I liked it."
,Recommended,221040,18320226,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Norm of the Normies,"This is a very fun action game and dare I say, I've had the most fun with this game than with any other game in the series. Not knocking anything, I think they're all pretty good games, it's just the heights of ludicrously over-the-top action that this game reaches make this an incredibly enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,221040,21915737,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,InsidiousLoyalist,Woth playing for the Leon campaign.Redfeild campaign is annoying.Jake was an intersting new character.Ada was an annoying campaign only if you were the side kick that couldn't interact with anything.I really wish for the next one that they have some new person who's never come across this kind of thing instead of some battle hardened veteren like Chris.I feel the Leon campaign shows the potential they have to make the next game great and that's what I'm hoping for.
,Recommended,221040,383509,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Kickfest,"Great zombie murdering fun. More action than horror, but fun nonetheless! Also has great co-op."
,Recommended,221040,32731731,Posted: 24 June,all,captgalen,Nice game! Can paly two players in one pc but I find it hard to aim the gun using a game pad.
76561198096293105,Recommended,221040,32664933,Posted: 22 June,all,Eddoze,"This is probably my least favorite Resident Evil game.Not only does it get repetitive and boring at times, but it also feels like a movie that will never end.That being said, it isn't terrible. Leon and Jake's campaigns are definitely my favorite parts of the game, even when they tend to bore at times. There are some really great aspects of the game and it's, at times, a joy to play with a friend.That's really all I have to say... I recommend this game if you enjoy action, jumping, stunts, and shooting a bunch of things."
,Recommended,221040,27373388,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Innocent,FPS
,Recommended,221040,32758598,Posted: 24 June,all,Anbo,lol
,Recommended,221040,21822724,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,stonky honky,namebestestavanice bootyleonhot blonde dam leeon u sexyjakeshreei u beatfiul babycrhistroey baker
76561197995338544,Not Recommended,221040,20380280,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,TesaFilm,"Recommend or not recommend - it’s not easy with this game.At a 7.50 sale-price, you get a lot of content for your money.But how about the quality of said content?The parts of the game which are fun to play, thrilling and exciting are “infiltrated” by parts which are not that much fun to play and can even feel like a chore.Sadly, some sections seem to exist solely to fill time, to give some variety or for narrative as their implementation (controls mostly) is mediocre at best.There are lots of quicktime-events - which is not bad per se - but some of them felt out of place, at times annoying.Obviously the creators had a big action-flick in mind, but the lack of execution in many parts make for an inconsistent experience.I think if you play this game with your expectations not too high - ideally in coop-mode - you might have some fun with RE6. If you’re looking for a polished, focused experience maybe not.Recommend for 7.50 or less."
,Not Recommended,221040,20505422,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,OneStep,"Hilariously bad compared to the previous ones - therefore I recommend COOP, only way to stand this action filled linear console port."
76561198050440412,Recommended,221040,20445887,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Epic my friend,"Am a huge fan of RE franchise, and I simply don't understand why people hated this game. Yeah honestly game evolves from puzzle soving type of genre into a shooter game and later into an action one where u roll, do counterattacks and so on. Although it's a really big change overall, I found this game really enjoyable, if you are thinking about buying it, it is worth it the try, you can always refund anyway, but I don't think there will be a reason for doing so. The only thing you should consider is that it is a next shooter, not the original RE game, many old gamers tend to stop playing RE games just because of that, so, if u are the veteran RE type person, there is a chance that u won't like this game, although I liked this change and I love the game, that decision will be up to you. And shortly to the story, you've got 3 main campaign, including famous character such as Leon S. Kennedy or Chris Redfield, + one smaller campaign including Ada Wong. I like the plot and everything around it as always, and the thing that they actually met in the game is just briliant for me, I love it all the way. So yeah this game for me is 8-8.5/10, just because it's again a new genre which developers have jumped into, although I recomend this game, everybody who loves RE should play this, no matter if the person prefers Shooter game or the puzzle game."
11111100001010101,Recommended,221040,23607541,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,skydrop.top,I've never felt so ♥♥♥♥ing nauseous.
,Recommended,221040,23872887,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mirania,"I was standing in front of a game store about 4 years ago when I came outside of it and this guy was standing there holding a copy of resident evil 6 which had literally just been open. He said hey they wont give me crap for this game how would you like it for $5? I said sure and then gave him $5. Considering the game had just come out a few weeks ago I think I saved some money. So I took it home, and then started playing it. I was new to quick action games at the time and died about 10 times in an airplane, but eventually I got the hang of it and Ive got to say it wasnt that bad. Defintaly worth $5."
,Recommended,221040,23854752,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dikofn,This game is an awesome game (for me; compared to RE 5) but this thing is funny! The complete pack's prices is more expensive than you buy it one by one :v
,Recommended,221040,24071201,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,TuneAbleD,"So here is what i think about this game, I like RE games i really do, But when im having a harder time fighting the damn cams and menu harder then the game.... thats a problem, I mostly play the mercenaries because i cant stand how this game plays in the campains, now this is just my view on it. If you are a fan Get it, Its good after you get over the camura, or be like me and play mercenaries with my girlfriend."
,Recommended,221040,23759588,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Старый товарищ во,"This is a very good game, is my favorite book, although there are a lot of insufficient place, but overall still very good is recommended😄"
,Recommended,221040,23961124,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Goobertastic,A lot better if played with friends. Even better if those friends don't refund the game.
,Recommended,221040,26588337,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ApostleOfTheGodHand,The action in the game is a little bit childish. But you get a lot of content for a few bucks. Also the coop mode is great.
,Recommended,221040,29665360,Posted: 3 February,all,Gagner,"My dad and I's first Resident Evil game that we Co-Op'ed. We're both major fans of all the movies and are looking forward to the TV series. On the subject of Resident Evil 6 though, we're looking to go back and do a playthrough of Resident Evil 5 eventually.Pros:- There was a lot of content for the price that we paid. We both picked up the game on a steam sale.- All of the campaigns had different things going on and when the campaigns did cross over it made the interactions between characters more meaningful.Cons:- The controls are a little strange to get used to but doable. (My dad and I both used defaults through all of it)"
76561198074666018,Recommended,221040,26880208,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Amaren,This game contains alot of the following:-Getting hit by zombies-Getting hit by incoming cars-Getting hit by incoming trains-Getting hit by incoming ambulancesAnd it requires alot of:-Screaming-Crying-DyingBut overal this game is 10/10 when played with a friend.
76561198085792193,Recommended,221040,28154889,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,numan4634,"I am not a resident evil veteran. I played RE4, revelations 1 and 2 and this one. So this review is a product of these games' experience.Short version: It is worth its price. I enjoyed the campaing. But the extra modes are not much interesting.Here are pros:- The game is optimized considering the mayhem going around during the story :D Game stays at solid 6 all the way. Mabye because i have more powerful GFX than the game requires.- The stories are above average. All 4 stories are pretty long and they internect with each other time to time. It is like witnessing what is going on out of your adventure.- The story is a lot fun with a human coop player.- There is a switch point of view option. I liked it because sometimes the surroundings are forcing you to get a different perspective, from your right shoulder or left.- Anyone can join your campaign as a zombie or a creature if you allow it in the game settings. This makes the game fun.- The stories are pretty linear. This prevents confusions. Considering the coop gameplay mode, getting lost in a big strange environment would be a pain in the neck.- You can have variety of weapons, pistol shotgun rifle bow magnum sniper and also flashbang hand grenade fire grenade (forgot its name :D). All the stories are gibing you at least 4 different weapons throughout the game.- The story mode has puzzles and riddles. They are not much complicated and i think this is a good thing. Otherwise would be frusturation.- The visual quality is not the best but acceptable. Cutscenes are very movie-like.- There are skills to equip in the story mode or extra multiplayer modes. Skill points are earned in the story or multiplayer by collecting relics. And you can purchase skills with these points. There are a lot of skills to purchase. You can change your skill on the fly. Which means if you are in a tight situaiton and surrounded by zombies, you can switch to defensive skills and switch back to offensive skills after slaughtering those bas****rds :D- Even after completing the story mode, you might wanna complete it again with the other player :) It gives a different meaning to the whole story.Woow lots of pros :) Here are cons:- Chris and Pierce's story is kind of boring.- Camera movement sometimes causes cheap deaths.- There are lots of button meshing quick time events and the game progression is depending on them.- Online modes (extras) are boring. Agent hunt is the best option (entering another players game as a zombie) but real players are killing you easiliy most of the time. It becomes boring. Mercenary mode has a time limit and you have to kill zombies to buy time. Time limit is totaly ridiculous. One DLC modes seperates players and more zombies pop up in the other player if you make combos efficiently. This is a nice mode but it is frusturating :D One DLC mode makes you zombie and the other player normal person. Briefly, there is not much online content except the story mode.- Level desgn is mediocre. Even a 8 year old can play this game. I think this is a good thing but as a 20 buck game, it should have been a bit more detailed or sophisticated.Overall, pros are lot heavier than cons. Story is awesome, extra modes are like, meeh, and horror is horrific :D"
,Recommended,221040,27003286,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,| Ηᴀᴢᴀʀᴅσᴜṡ |,Hellyeah !!
,Recommended,221040,29328605,Posted: 17 January,all,Jaxx54,Mercenaries Mode in my opinion is better than the campaign.
,Recommended,221040,12761076,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,我的身体强壮而又纯洁,"It is a good game.I like it, It is amazing!!"
76561197984153310,Recommended,221040,1004383,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Snake,"Should be renamed Quick Time Event Simulator 2013, Want to learn to fly a jumbo jet through keyboard button mashing? this shitheaps designed for you!"
,Recommended,221040,14929575,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Negikun,Resident Evil...The best story ever since 1996~Continues on in an ACTION PACKED SHOOT'EM UP GALLERY!!!PUNCH EVERYTHING IN THE FACE THAT YOU DON'T LIKE... EVEN YOUR OWN COMRADES!!STEROIDS!? CHRIS TOOK THOUSANDS!Leons STILL a ♥♥♥♥♥ whipped ♥♥♥♥♥!Sherry is HOTJake is ALSO HOT.In fact everyones hot!They should just make this game a porno and leave it at that...Just... a bunch of sexually frustrated teens and adults.. punching♥♥♥♥♥♥..
,Recommended,221040,14210397,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Qrt2kurtka,Сойдёт.
,Recommended,221040,13630427,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gitank,Somebody spilled their Dead Rising into my Resident Evil! :(
,Recommended,221040,13335205,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Red,"The dialog is just one-liners.10/10Jake and Sherry's story is the best, my friend and I played it twice. The other ones were good, but Chris and Piers seemed the hardest. They game is pretty great if you have a buddy and can get use to the controls (they're quite weird at first). Overall, after playing all the campaigns, the game is amazing."
76561198028106867,Recommended,221040,16385320,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Jaruzamon,"QUICK TIME EVENTS!, EXPLOSIONS!, EVERY AND ANY VECHILE YOU DRIVE WILL BE DESTROYED!"
,Recommended,221040,14768754,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,DoufuCat,Helena's♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,221040,14818053,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Dragon D Ace,too hard to complete the first mission because I was too scared
76561198134264405,Recommended,221040,13439584,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Kikuchi_Moa_Fans,"as a resident evil fan, i take this one as an improvement on resident evil story. keep up!"
,Recommended,221040,13238922,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Agent Pretty Hair,"Great game for duo play, but not for those looking for horror. Personally I enjoy the great graphics and the events the characters go through. I do hate some of the bosses but meceneries mode is addictive. Overall, I feel this game has more + than - especially if you are a gamer that repeats campaigns/heists a lot because you like the weapons/environment ofthe game."
,Recommended,221040,1911944,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Kiba Snowpaw *Alpha Wolf*,"this game is better than RE5 I am, however, sorry about all the Quicktime Event and bad camera angles that are in the game but I love the storyline and the way they cross each other"
76561198017331528,Recommended,221040,3094637,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,"Franks ""Don't Give Up"" Pickle",Ask yourself a question: What are you doing with your life?
,Recommended,221040,6707303,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Shmout,
76561198023085953,Recommended,221040,14403782,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,monterei,"a cheap action game with non existent survival horror elements whatsoever.by far the worst in the series - and I played them allbut it can be funny and enjoyable to those of us who are die-hard fans of REmight be better if played on coop - don't know, didn't try yetI would recommend it only for fans"
76561198028469716,Recommended,221040,7733418,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,^0D^2ea^0dDogM^2ea^0t,"i have to re-recommend this game:DONT BUY IT. it starts out strong and then becomes a frustrating waste of time. terrible controls, who ever tested and approved this should be shot in the shed. campaigns lose focus on the whole zombie survival and it becomes a cheesy monster flick i was over charged for and i only paid $10. so if you wanna throw your computer out the window in aggrevation this is the game for you,otherwise stick to re5 or the best in the series re4."
,Recommended,221040,889970,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Lokly,"Too many things are bad in this game, and the only one is actually good: co-op.P.S. - don't even think on finding logic in the storytelling or cutscenes. You will damage your brain."
76561198140180330,Recommended,221040,16848632,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,성혜진,"pros=-dynamic and enhanced feature,you can dodge easily without waiting enemies to attack,and movement as well attack animation is much more flawless-each characters have their own signature moves,which is awesome-just like re5,it won't be paused when looking in inventory-partner assist becomes more awesome than re5-stunning and impeccable movie animation,it's like we're watching a frickin' dvd-you can choose to use laser sight with crosshairs or not,and their colors as well-awesome online feature,not just that,you can also equip skills as wellcons=-no horror,only jumpscares and other triggered events when you done certain action-too many running from the boss or you gotta kill it with certain way,which is tarnished re games-my only favorite is leon's campaign part 1,you know why,because there are so many gunfighting with zombies in a narrow place like gunshop and in the subway or even in the middle of town-i gotta said it again,too much gambits and triggered events,which make players hate this game.We need gunfighting with many zombies rather than playing turret cliche or driving cars or even helicopter or a jet,you know-stupid puzzle,you just get the key by taking it.Unlike re4,you gotta running everywhere to find the key or even kill a boss-useless skill points after you bought all of the available skills-no one play the dlc,you gotta have a friend who has them,then ask him/here to play together"
76561198180859377,Recommended,221040,25132855,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,jAn!cE,I played this before when I had a PS3 so I found the storyline and gameplay fun to play and have (whether you're a zombie fan or not haha as I'm not really a Resident Evil fan or fighting zombies actually). I didn't like the saving option as I always had to try and play the end of a chapter and that takes such a long time....(so I do not recommend this game for anyone that is working everyday and only for people who are not working as it may take you a long time to reach the end of a chapter for each character's campaign)
,Recommended,221040,20410582,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ni,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game.The controls are intricate but instinctiveCombat is varied but has no rough edgesStory is... Uh... Great?Whatever anyone might have to say about RE6 like it's too wacky or too serious or the story is dumb is really irrelevant when the game is just so fun to play.Everything else I leave in the hands of more minute and abragent reviewers, as a game, playing trough this game, as well as mercenaries is just great.The amount of control you get over your character seems overwhelming at first but you get used to it quickly and you'll be thankful for it later. You can jump on your back from a standing position or on your face, you can roll to the sides while on the ground. You just get a lot of options on how to control your character and move in a way that makes you feel skillfull.PS: Heavily recommend playing trough this game with a friend, especially better if you both never played it."
,Recommended,221040,18107285,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,ooftbbz - sausage lover,Good game.I think im one of the minor few that actually enjoyed re5 more.At least you could move and shoot on this one though haha xD
,Recommended,221040,33399339,Posted: 9 July,all,MDL,"I love this game so much, love re franchise, but i prefer gameplay like re,4,5 and revelation, thats the re must be"
,Recommended,221040,13647174,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dread1021,"Overlong and overstuffed, RE6 still boasts the best gameplay of the series to-date.  It's an action game through and through, like it or not, but it's a pretty damn good one.  The Quick-shot is one of the best unnoticed mechanics of all time, and would add a lot to similar 3rd person action games.  Hugely flawed, of course, but most giant, ambitious projects are."
,Recommended,221040,4899785,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,¨°º®SUSL®º°¨,"В независимости от того, что эту игру успели обругать, я скажу иное. Меня больше всего впечатлил список компаний (того гляди Отдельных игр, собранных вместе), так вот, их 4: За Леона, Криса, Аду и Джейка (нового персонажа). Компании Огромны, поэтому игру проходить долго, что я и не сделал до сих пор. Краски больно тёмные, везде ночь, зомби хорошие, много типов. Порадовал режим игры за зомби, где нужно другим игрокам проходить игру, хотя и зомби очень медленные. Есть выживание - отстрел зомби, конечно же за награды. В каждой кампании есть напарник, и теперь уже и в кампании Ады на ПК (На других консолях у неё нет напарника). Итак, игра хорошая (8/10)."
76561198028434222,Recommended,221040,20359847,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Lisonka,Unskipable intro - checkBrightness check that don't show crap - check (Put up 20 brightness and you'll do allright)Lots of tough QTE (take the skill to lower their difficulty as soon as you can)Very limited ammoOtherwise great Resident Evil
76561198044663799,Recommended,221040,29146882,Posted: 9 January,all,Rvbsmcaboose,"The last resident evil game that I played before 6 was the operation racoon city, and to be honest it was so bad that it just put me off from buying 6 when it came out. There were also reviews that pegged 6 as a bad game overall, so that put me off from buying the game even further because I didn't want to waste my money. However, I have now played the game and I am willing to give it an honest review.Resident Evil 6 isn't like any previous resident evil game, and this is excluding that cancerous game: Operation Racoon city or ORC. RE 6 follows the story of 7 different characters whose paths are tied through the 4 campaigns that this game has to offer, which brings us to our first major difference to past Resident Evil Games. As mentioned before, there are four campaigns that are offered through this game, and so far I have only played the first three and each one of them has a lot to offer. There is constant action, some fun puzzles, and a few challenging bosses and monsters that you get to fight, and each campaign hosts a number of unique enemies that you will have to face. Each campaign should last a minimum of 4-6 hours, so overall there is a total of 12-18 hours of gameplay to be had in just the first three campaigns. There is an Ada Wong campaing that I am currently playing through, I haven't beaten  it yet, and to be honest it isn't something I am enjoying right now, but it's mainly because I am used to a run and gun type of gameplay for this game, and her campaing requires a little more thought when it comes to certain areas.There are no traders in this game, so you have to make sure you pick up the guns that are placed throughout the individual campaigns, some guns may just be layed out in the open for you to pick up while others may be hidden, or locked with a puzzle. There are a number of action sequences throughout the game, and in some cases you will pilot vehicles, and this leads me into my one complaint about the game. These action sequences will require you to avoid hazards, or have you move your character when running from some major enemy, and the camera, for whatever reason, will be angled in such an odd way that you are guaranteed to be killed on your first try because of it.Other than the few afforementioned complaints, this game was good. It was fun to play, the music was amazing, it sadly wasn't as scary as some of the other games in the series, but it would have been well worth the price of 60 dollars when it came out, to me."
,Recommended,221040,13175201,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Echo,"Can't say much for the single-player experience, but it's a hell of a lot of fun to go through the campaigns in co-op with a friend (and it certainly felt far better implemented than RE5's attempt at such). Mercenaries is something that will constantly eat into your time.Awkward in places with sudden stupid QTE nonsense that gives you virtually no time to process what's going on (trying to watch a cutscene when suddenly HEY LOOK YOU BETTER MASH THESE BUTTONS), but overall worth a look."
76561198314008130,Recommended,221040,33282817,Posted: 5 July,all,WKWKWK LAND,"Resident Evil 6, one of the best RE series, combines exciting action and intense horror. With RE characters we already know, like Leon, Chris, Ada and others. RE6 is a good game, thanks Capcom."
,Recommended,221040,2976241,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Spook'd Beniboi,I don't see what people had against this game I thought overall it was pretty enjoyable leons campaign was great chris's took a while to get into but had a great end Jake's was pretty good and great hand to hand combat and Ada's campaign explains most of the story PLUS you can play the mercenaries game mode as the Left 4 Dead 2 characters which is pretty cool
,Recommended,221040,506505,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,YourMumsMilkman,"Good, but not perfect.   In short, this is an experiment in the Resident Evil series with some experimental results.It offers some fun gameplay that takes RE to places that it's never been before.   Along with that, there are a few shortcomings that gnaw the overall experience.  If you're one of the pure traditional horror and tension over all things than you might want to look elseware.Is it better than RE5?  In my opinon, Yes, but I still like RE5.   Is it a groundbreaking horror-fest like the first several RE games?  No, not even close but that doesn’t mean that this is a terrible game.Expect for your characters to be the most mobile that they have ever been before in an RE game. Even more mobile than in many 3rd person action games. You can run, roll, side roll, dodge, fight from the ground, evade while on the ground, engage in physical combat, and that's just a bit of it. This is a godsend from when I was playing RE2 back on the N64 in 2001. I always found myself cursing at the screen because of the bad camera angle or when Leon or Claire just couldn’t figure out how to use some low level martial arts against many enemies that had negative IQ's. Some people are complaining, but I enjoy many of the changes.Not saying that there wasn’t times when I cursed at the screen while playing this game. Although most of those were due to the few camera angle and controls that tried to stick to the series. RE6 is much faster paced than previous RE's. This can be a big problem when a camera angle gets stuck and you can’t see your character or when your character jumps in the exact opposite direction that they were supposed to (the run button is the same as the leap over obstacle button). Thankfully this only happens a handful of times between otherwise good gameplay.The area where I had the most fun with this game is the same that I had with RE5.... The Mercenaries No Mercy.  Its basically a time attack horde mode where you get points for combos while you survive until the time runs out or until you kill 300 enemies. An impressive amount of said enemies can be on the screen at a time.   This teamed with online gameplay makes this game a worthwhile venture if you dont mind action (and a bit of WTF were they thinking) in your Resident Evil game."
,Recommended,221040,13284653,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Kamui,"Extremely fun to co-op. The Graphics are pretty good and improved controls over RE5.As a Resident Evil game, which should be a survival horror game, it's not very great, but everyone's here for the co-op and Mercenaries, right?"
76561198028637086,Not Recommended,221040,29062188,Posted: 6 January,all,CP Lana,"Unfortunately, with the way Steam's recommendation system works, I can only select 'yes' or 'no'. It's kinda middle-ground for me, but given what I have to say, 'no' seems more appropriate.So for context, I have not played Jake's or Ada's campaign, but I'm kinda dreading them...As a Resident Evil game, it is beyond terrible. The series seriously look a dive when it decided that it wanted to be more action-based. out of the... two campaigns I've played, Leon's was the best, if only because they actually tried to work in some of that survival horror feel into it, down to the puzzles.Wasn't scary though. not even the jumpscares did their job of... making me jump. but hey! props for trying.Chris's on the other hand... it's call of duty.When I play a Resident Evil game, I'm honestly not looking for an entire campaign of 'Kill da turrurists"". Short of stroking america's massive ego, it's basically a generic cover-shooter.And that's just it... as a Resident Evil game, it's awful. as a standalone title however, it's... mediocre. the controls are okay, the gunplay is okay, the story is okay, it's just all around an 'okay' game. not great, not even good. just.... okay. enemies are somewhat creative at least.They had me on Leon's campaign. they lost me on Chris's. let's hope that Revelations 2 is better, hmm?"
,Recommended,221040,19689069,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,yasuo_baenre,"While RE6 is definitely different from its predecessors, it is still a ride to hell. No Hope difficulty was a bit of a let down, for I was hoping for more of a Dark Souls type challenge, but its still a really fun game. Great Story, better voice acting than ANY of the previous titles in the franchise. With so many different ways to play, Leon, Helena, Chris, Piers, Jake, Sherry, and Ada, and each with similar yet different storys than intertwine together into a spiderweb-esque fashion (Kinda like the title screen I might add....thou im pretty sure I never saw a spider in the entire game.....strange, but something to look out for yourself to prove me wrong.), leave you never wanting to stop. I prefered playing the off characters to the main trio thou, they have different weapons...and not to spoil anything but Piers has a cool weapon you dont want to miss out on :P anyway, I would rate Resident Evil 6,  88/100"
76561198048962917,Recommended,221040,21085268,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Gozer,"VERY fun gameplay all the way through. As usual, dont expect horror from this resident evil game as thy've stepped away from that aspect of the franchise a bit to appeal to a larger demographic. The ending is a bit of a let down though. IF YOU DO PLAY THIS GAME the recommended scenario order is found here:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=133315627"
76561197995042001,Recommended,221040,14015654,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Silencioux,Buy re4 instead. this is an okay game but multiplayer is garbage. shouldnt have even put it in. re4 is waaaaayyyyyyyy better
76561198333003800,Recommended,221040,30966431,Posted: 5 April,all,爸爸的狗,很好玩哟！一起来玩哟！
,Recommended,221040,11525286,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,philowe20X1,"The greatest game ever made. Has 3 50 hour long campaigns with incredibly well written storylines that braid themselves into the deep, evocative lore and mythos of the Resident Evil universe. Gameplay takes everything you love about the original resident evils (exploration, inventory management, limited gunplay, upgrades etc) and throws it out the window cause that sh!ts old yo. In its place we have Generic Third Person Shooter, the gameplay style that has been determined to be superior to all others and fits in every franchise no matter what. Mind blowing graphics and action will make you say to yourself ""I got into gaming with COD MW, but now I want to play a sequel to a series ive never heard of because its been made into a bland title with only superficial similarities to its predecessors. Capcom, I am the Call of Duty audience, and you've got me by the balls."" Truly the 'Citizen Kane' moment for gaming."
76561198077918894,Recommended,221040,6870777,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,alex_the_fox,Рекомендую играть!весьма интересно и разнообразно!Здесь найдёте много друзей
,Recommended,221040,10019325,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,slysuperstar,"Fun to play with. I was not so annoyed by the frequent QTEs as many players complained. It is far from RE5 or RE4, but still a pretty enjoyable game."
,Recommended,221040,7015333,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,asesh,The best Resident Evil ever
,Recommended,221040,23620755,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,The Pepperoni HeadCrab,"1f L4D3 waz mad by Memechal Bae1/10In all seriousness, I recomend buying Resident Evil 6 Complete when its on sale (I brought it for £5.69) Its good to see some PC games with split screen incase my friends come around and want to play it.But it is one of the dumbest games in the franchise and one of the most disliked, Get RE4 and Resident Evil Remaseter FirstEdit, Refunded cus of steam sale, rip re6"
,Recommended,221040,26997907,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carlson,"PROS:+ It's a fun co-op experience+ You can unlock infinite ammo+ There's Mercenaries Mode, which allows you to fight off hordes of zombies with, or without, company+ There are multiple campaigns, each with 2 playable characters+ They tacked on No Hope difficulty. It's harder than Professional and it disables infinite ammoCONS:- I discourage anyone from purchasing the DLC, it's hard to find a match in either Siege, Predator, or Survivors without arranging it beforehand"
76561198021700889,Recommended,221040,7879968,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Anibro,"Resident Evil 6 may have some flaws.Sometimes the camera angles get akward for example or resorting your inventory that gets packed quickly.Despite that i had a blast playing it.COOP is so much fun too even better than single player, since your online-friend shares the same campaign as you would have with AI assist in single player.I just don't understand the bad metascores.It has a lot of value especially if it is on sale ;)You have 4 campaigns - each divided into 5 chapters. And engaging, and sometimes overlaping, story.Cutscenes are very well made with action sequences (press some reaction buttons).It has customization for your currently active Character via skillpoints.Earning them is as easy as killing oponents, looting from breakables, hidden stashes or Challenges (with NPCs) in some story-phases.You can have up to 8 skill presets and level up skills, unlock a lot of handy skills.The gameplay on a Xbox gamepad worked very well too.Overal, especially in COOP a very good game imho.And killing Zombies is always fun, right? ;)"
,Recommended,221040,436825,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Panchy,I liked it more than 5...is that a good or bad thing? You decideI don't even know what I like anymore ;_;
76561198133389481,Recommended,221040,32927895,Posted: 28 June,all,Shaft V-Anti,addicted
76561197998722896,Recommended,221040,25672518,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,mightymatt76,"Probably one of the most underrated RE games.  You have a bit ofeverything you could want in this one package.  Survival horror (Leon and Helana playthrough), to great action/shooter (Chris and Pierce).  You have so many stories and reasone to play through again, what is there not to like?  I am not an original RE player.  My first was RE-4 and I have loved each one since.  I am also not at all interested in team play, and these games still offer the best solo games out there.  Story, character development, and game play are absolutely still the best you will find on any game available.  Can't wait for RE-7!!!!!"
,Recommended,221040,27779059,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MiniMinhMo,A fluid Resident Evil game.
,Recommended,221040,730208,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Riley,"Ignoring everything else about the game (bad story, inconsistent graphics, etc.) lies a relatively entertaining dumb co-op gameGet it when it's on sale (like this summer sale hurrrrrr)"
,Recommended,221040,1061856,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Frederick Theadore Beardicus,"To-Long-Didn't-Read: Resident 6 PC May have problems, but It is a varied and enjoyable experience for fans of the action-oriented takes of RE4 and RE5. For the most enjoyable experience, play on veteran or professional.I don't really understand why this game gets sh** on so much. I've been a fan of the Resident evil series since its inception, and have had to grit my teeth along with the rest of the fans through the movies and games like Raccoon City. Resident evil 6 may be flawed, but the PC version is a true successor to RE5, let me explain.Many people's main complaints about RE6 are either the bad AI, the muddy graphics, or that it is a poor console port. Anyone who has played RE5 recently will recall just how bad the AI was in that game. Playing single player would mean that you would have to call Sheva 5 or 6 times to get her to help you open doors or do objectives. Sheva would constantly get knocked down or held in place, and she would knock you down with her attack reaction. The zombie AI in 5 was also pretty terrible, where J'avo would climb up things and then immediately jump off in order to attack you, or they would get stuck inside each other because they wouldn't understand where to go. In RE6, I feel like I never have to worry about my AI partner, and the enemy AI always keeps me on my toes(on Professional difficulty) with their new running leaps and ground grabs, and the large numbers of regular zombies make them feel actually threatening.Though the graphics/ textures may be muddy at times even on the highest settings, the shaders and effects are great. and the underwater effects in Ada's campaign may be some of the best I've ever seen in a video game. That being said, there's not much of a graphical change from consoles to the PC version. Whats also important to realize though, is that Capcom has tried very hard to rectify their mistakes from the console versions, and has added tons of new options that will help tweak the game play to your preferences.The story is in a similar vain to the RE5 story, where it's mostly action, losts of Quick-time, and some exploration. This time around, there are 4 campaigns, and though they may be shorter than RE5's full campaign, they keep the action varied and prevent it from becoming stale. Unfortunately, the action-oriented nature of the campaign seems to confuse some players, as if they forgot how much action/Quick-time that RE5 brought to the table.The difficulty this time around has really increased. I vividly remember RE5's Professional difficulty being somewhat of a pushover, with zombie's movements and attacks being perfectly telegraphed and predictable. This time, Professional mode really increases the survival horror feel, as being grabbed or missing a dodge can spell death for your character. As I mentioned before, zombies have new attacks like running jumps and crawling grabs, and the special zombies can ruin your day quite easily.All and all, the game is the next evolution of the RE series, which in my opinion is a great installment (we should be thankful they didn't continue to go the Raccoon City route). The new crossover instances and Agent attack modes can be fun, and are great ideas that I hope they continue with in the next installment.9/10"
76561198035504240,Recommended,221040,4319208,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,Raven-Actual,This is a great game! If you played & loved Resident Evil 4 & 5 then would enjoy this game release.
,Recommended,221040,9751935,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,jmcollabo,"I love the split-screen co-play, because you don't have that very often on PC games for playing on 1 machine. The story lines of each character set are woven into each other very well."
76561198130299463,Recommended,221040,12160997,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,S_Zero_S,great story   i am realy  amazed !
76561198076233763,Recommended,221040,21682921,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,GRAND WICK,"начну с плюсов:1) играю на высоких настройках и графика радует глаз.2) сюжет кампаний конечно шикарен,проходишь одну,то после второй уже куда интересней и понятней.3) конечно же кооп. режим, играть с кем то так вообще огонь,4) игра развлечься в самый разминусы:1) кооп. режим, минус этого,что если хотите нормально поиграть,лучше заранее договориться,присоединяться к незнакомой игре нет смысла, сразу выходят или по завершению главы,дажеесли подключаться к вам,то это тоже на надолго,лично у меня всегда так,а одному играть уже не так интересно.2) думаю самое популярный минус) жанр игры,так что фаны не ругайтесь)  да по сравнению с другими версиями игры,то 6ая это легкая прогулка,какая сложность бы не стояла, а вот те когда еще на приставке рубились самый смак)Общее мнение об игре,я не особо впечатлен,так как опытный знаток по разбиванию черепов зомбарей и прочей нечисти) но для того чтоб просто поиграть,увидеть так сказать историю каждого персонажа,игра стоит того, новичкам которые еще не знакомы с великим злом ""амбрелла"" думаю игра понравится, дело каждого."
,Recommended,221040,28578753,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ekspresi,"Oh the game really was a horror, and the campaign for sure was some kind of survival... turn off your brain and start playing.Then co-op campaign is awesome!"
,Recommended,221040,27978578,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nakano Azusa,good game
,Recommended,221040,13515707,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,FYI I AM KAWAII,"Not as bad as all the weabos out there would have you believe, with some surprisingly good multiplayer action. The reason this game got deficated on from a great height on it's release is that it is a great action adventure, but a radical departure from the survival horror feel that made the series great. In it's own right it's a great game, and being able to control monsters to attack other players is a blast, but the atmosphere is action movie horror, not tense suspense survival horror, and I for one was hoping of a more traditional Resident Evil flavor. In short, things go boom here, a lot. However my main reason for giving this a thumb up is as follows:Ada Wong has a cracking fine♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198044258651,Recommended,221040,25115885,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Wylphen,"Best Res. Evil since 4 imo. Some of the dialogue is pretty janky (Leon) but that's part of the charm I guess. Graphics are decent with only a few muddy textures here and there. Enemies and areas are varied and entertaining. Controls seems pretty much standard for the series, bit tighter than I remember from 4 and easily playable on M&K or controller."
,Recommended,221040,23797348,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Deredere,"I so happy when co-op with my friend on this game.I don't have issue about gameplay, or more action than horrorabout horror genre, just in Leon chapter , i was so happy when tradition zombie still over therein another mode, make more friends co-op with me, it very nice"
76561197968406208,Recommended,221040,28155341,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Heavy Metal,"I've been a fan of the Resident Evil series since the late 90s. I avoided this game for the longest time due to the negative reviews, and even laughed at many of the things I heard about the game. I was wrong to have avoided though. The game is far better than I expected. I'd even go as far as to say it's better than Resident Evil 5.True, Resident Evil hasn't really been survival horror in a long time, but for a horror-themed action title, this game does very well. It's over the top, it's crazy, but it's damn good. Some aspects of the game feel unpolished, but others are crisp and clean, and there is a lot of content here. I don't know if it was worth it at $60 when it first hit, but I'm counting far less sins here than MGSV. If you're like me and you were uncertain, you may very well be surprised. It's not an amazing game, no, but it's still a fun ride."
,Not Recommended,221040,23620959,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Savage,Mercenaries is fun but the rest of the game is a glorious cluster♥♥♥♥ of ideas that barely work together.
,Recommended,221040,5001299,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Weskers Lady,"This game is not a must have. I give a ""YES"" then I am a fan of the Reisdent Evil series but more from the old ones as the new ones. They are to flexibel, the enemies are to much ""human"" (can shot with weapons and more).In Coop it can make fun, but when you want S ranking on higher difficulty its better to play with a player as with the AI. The AI can't die and have always infinity ammo but thats all.The DLCs are normal and new ones give it too.Mercenaries is okay. No Mercy Merc give it only on the PC, Onslaught make fun, Survivor is not mine (like peoples must show his ego), Predator mode is funny (to play as Ustanak).The graphic is really cheap many times in this game. RE have better one and of course its older.I would give 6/10 points"
,Recommended,221040,28336132,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Majide,"Bad resident, good shooter.I actually liked the game I mean it's not bad ... but is a resident shooter so meh."
76561198027165913,Recommended,221040,26294842,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tom Walker,"This game doesn't play like other third person shooters, and even less like previous Resident Evil games. Instead, it's one of the most rewarding action games out there.There's a reason why Mercenaries is unlocked from the start, because it's the best way to experience the huge variety of enemies and weapons. Make sure you practice parrying, because nearly every attack in the game can be countered. It's a fantastic risk/reward mechanic, since you're punished for doing it too early or too late, but when done right is the best way to take out most enemies, especially the bloodshots (skinless zombies).Even though Vanquish is still my favourite third-person shooter, Resident Evil 6 fixes my two problems with that game, which are the harsh punishment for using melee moves and the lack of extra content.Co-op is also implemented really well, but when playing in single-player your partner is never the burden they were in RE6. They have infinite ammo and health, and you don't have to worry about their inventory either. You're capable of holding plenty of weapons and ammo, so there's no need to use your partner to hold all the stuff you aren't using.To see how the game is meant to be played, with this LP:http://lparchive.org/Resident-Evil-6/The game's tutorial doesn't even scratch the surface of what you can do, so this is an essential read:https://www.pdf-archive.com/2012/10/11/resident-evil-6-advanced-controls-guide-ps3-1/"
76561198043549843,Recommended,221040,31387295,Posted: 26 April,all,sithsaber1,"This is a fantastic action game! It's a horrible survival horror game though. Fanboys were likely very upset that it continued to evolve to be easier and have more destruction, but the gameplay is fun, the story is complex and entertaining, and the new characters are fun."
,Recommended,221040,21513648,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Zlave Toom,I like this game
76561198042441510,Recommended,221040,22270082,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Zenogais176,"Would I recommend RE6  to someone? That's a half-hearted yes. I wish Steam used stars instead of a simple thumbs up or down. If you're a fan of the series and you like the characters that have grown on you over the last decade or so, then yes, RE6 is a good play.On the other hand, if you're really just casually into the series from a distance or haven't really been following all the games to this point, I'd say, just go ahead and watch the full videos on YouTube to get the gist and skip this purchase.The Good:A lot of people really hated on this game in strong ways, and the criticism has some validation. But let's start with the good.Graphics -A nice improvement from previous RE games, though at times the lighting makes it hard to tell as such. There's several different campaings to go through in this game, each one has some pretty nice visuals and character design.Gameplay -This is both in the good category, and the bad category. The good part of the gameplay is in the improved combat structure. Overall all the control scheme plays a lot more like a normal 3rd person shooter, making it easier to aim and shoot on the fly. Veterans of other games should pick up the controls fairly intuitively, and I'm glad to say that ditching the old tank-style controls from previous fames feels like quite the improvement.Characters -We've got some old favorites coming back for long time fans, and some new characters in the form of Helena, Piers, and Jake. Helena is paired up with long time vet of the series, Leon Kennedy, and Jake Muller is paired up with Sherry Birkin, now in a starring role. Chris and Piers have an interesting dynamic as Chris has fallen into a rut, so Piers is almost the spitting image of who Chris was back in RE 1. No matter who you play as, the characters flesh out pretty much the same, but it is entertaining to see how some of the characters have either matured or fallen into disgrace, (like Chris).Story -This is another category that's both good and bad. The good part of the story is that there's actually 4 whole campaigns to work through, almost like 4 entire resident evil games. Each one takes on an archetype: Leon's is dark and tense, Chris' is very action themed, Jake's is mostly a chase sequence, and Ada's has a lot of the classic puzzle solving and intrigue.The BadGameplay -Man, despite all the new 3rd person changes, there are some very head banging moments due to unnecessary Quick Time Events (QTE) and bad camera angles. I died more times to stupid button pushes and a poorly rotated camera than I did to any creature in the game. Jake and Sherry's chapter was the worst offender.Story -Oh man, where do I begin? It's fun to have 4 different interweaving tales, but the downside is that you really get to a point that you just want the game to GET TO THE POINT. You have to do several boss fights several times on several characters, which can feel very repetitive. But my main issue with the story is that I didn't feel that any of the characters really found any major progression, with the exception of newcomer duo Jake and Sherry. At the end of the game, Leon is still Leon, Ada is still a mystery woman, and Chris is reset back to where he was at the end of RE5. Nothing new gained. Jake/Sherry, Piers, and Helena change, but nothing new with returning cast members.Characters -The villains in this game needed a lot of work. A LOT. The enemy types are fantastic: tons of work went into making the J'avo and zombies in this game different and creepy from other games. The bosses and lead villains however, have very little in the way of explanations for why they are doing what they are doing it. This is pretty typical for Resident Evil in general, but I really felt the bite of it in this game. You'll find out who the mastermind is of a plot and basically shrug your shoulders and say, ""but do I care?"" Instead of villain development, you may just have to fight that same boss 3, 4, or 5 times, which in no way substitutes character development. At some point, players want a payoff for their hard work: they want questions answered, they want to see what makes the characters tick. Don't expect that here.The UglyCheapness -Yep, I'm calling shenanigans. I'm a big fan of the Dead Space series, which has a few cheap tricks in the form of jump scares or regenerating bad guys that♥♥♥♥♥♥you off sometimes. RE6 had this in every campaign. So let me define cheap: despite your ability to annhilate waves of undead and using your nearly omnipotent hand-eye coordination, you fall victim to a boss mechanic you didn't know existed. Or, you fail to rotate the left stick fast enough, since you weren't expecting a QTE. Or, you do exactly what you were supposed to do, but the camera flips on you so instead of it being behind you, it's now in front of you and you have to change what you are doing. Yeah... cheapness.And let's not forget my favorite: the 'protected by the plot' enemy. You're walking down a hallway full of corpses you know will probably come alive. You aim carefully for a headshot and squeeze a bullet off, which passes harmlessly through the body as if it was ethereal. Once you get close enough though, it comes after you, and now you're in a bullet spraying/melee frenzy. I find that extremely cheap.Gun Inefficiency -I don't know what happened to firearms between RE5 and RE6, but bad guys just don't take bullets like they used to. Aiming at a hand or foot in RE4 or 5 and popping off a shot, even with your first pistol, resulted in a body lurch from the bad guy that resonated a satisfying impact from your bullet hitting their body. None of that in RE 6. I might as well have been shooting water pistols instead of a figgin' magnum. One thing I love about Dead Space as a series is that each weapon has some serious weight to it. None of the weaponry in RE6 feel like they pack a punch, with the possible exception being the grenade launchers, and even those don't have nearly the splash damage and impact you'd like. This game tries to add in more of a melee component, where you either stun a guy with bullets and then finish with a melee strike, or vice versa. To say I hated it would be an understatement. What the hell are firearms good for if I should just be slugging my way through the apocalypse with my dukes?! Even with every boost you can get for your firearm skills, expect them to feel woefully under-powered, especially during Leon and Helena's campaign. Even when you get a shotgun in that campaign you're wondering why you bothered with it.Ridiculousness -A tank chasing you through a building? Check. A sudden avalanche chasing you down a mountain while you race down it with a snow mobile... while the ground erupts earthquake style under your feet? Check. Literally, this list goes on and on. Resident Evil has always had it's moments (Zombie SHARKS?! = RE 1) but this game took it to a new extreme. There's actually a lot of good moments in this game where the action is feeling tense, but then it's broken with yet another ridiculous chase sequence, or button spamming QTE, or monster that won't die from bullets, because, REASONS.In conclusion:Some of the game can be pretty fun, (more than I was expecting, still frustrating at times), but there was definitely some ideas that didn't pan out in this game. Too much genre mash-up, too many QTE's. The game does have some good visuals and atmosphere at times, but if you're looking a pure survival horror experience, you'll probably want to pick up Dead Space 1, 2, or 3. If you're a fan of Resident Evil/BioHazard and want to check in with some of your old favorite characters, by all means, pick up this game, but be ready for some shenanigans."
,Recommended,221040,24001836,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,N7CaptainObvious,"I like this game, the action is non-stop. Probably my only complaints are that this game is not really designed for keyboard and mouse and the camera can go all over the place, especially while running. Which can make some areas of the game very difficult to play. (But not impossible) Perhaps the Steam controller or an Xbox controller would be in order."
,Not Recommended,221040,23666360,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,癲雞,"I guess this is the only RE game I cannot put my mind to finish it. The control is all over the place. Lost the feeling of RE as a survival horror and into the action game category.  Furthermore, you can taste the pattern on each stage. Graphics, on the other hand, is fantastic. However, sometimes there is so many stuff that happening on the screen that you cannot enjoy the beautiful scene. The sound is average. I guess you cannot expect anything better than average in Resident Evil game. Voice acting is pretty well done, I can hear they put effort into it. I can feel how mentally damaged Chris were as I play through his campaign.Although it is an average Resident Evil game, the lost of traditional survival horror and the repeat quick time event etc did pull me out of the game. However, if players like how Resident Evil 5 gameplay structure than I will recommend this for you. Notwithstanding, this is a skippable series. The story is plain (expect Chris campaign is very dark), not much replay values. I will rather play Resident Evil Revelations 1/2 than 6."
,Recommended,221040,7761235,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Apple Hat,"An incredibly underrated game in the Resident Evil franchise. While the story isn't particularly good or believable (but when was the last time a Resident Evil story was?) and the game isn't even remotely scary, it has arguably the best gameplay mechanics in the series. Plenty long and great for co-op."
,Recommended,221040,28183524,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jenó,Pros:-25+hours of  gameplay-The whole story is playable in co-op-The PC port is decent compared to RE5-Great story and fun co-op experience-You can see Deborah's panties-There is boob physics-Affordable priceCons:-Ada's co-op partner can't interact with objects-No server browser for agent hunt-Not a horror gameOverall this is hands down the best co-op game i've played so far. Wait for it to go on sale and buy it.
76561198155022963,Recommended,221040,34064437,Posted: 6 August,all,FeoFun,This is my favorite game. Defenently recommend it.
,Not Recommended,221040,33888579,Posted: 29 July,all,linkthehylian,"The game is fun, don't get me wrong. But I was one of those people who didn't really find an interest in the game.I have never diedmorein a RE game other than this one. The controls are super confusing, after 15 hours of playing I just can't get used to them. And it's even worse on the controller. The controls for 4, 5 and 7 are much easier in my opinion.The Mercenaries mode on this game is also pretty fun, there's a lot more to do and it's multiplayer.Furthermore, this game is more of action than horror. And that's what it's missing."
76561198109858979,Recommended,221040,24123797,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"More Decent than Critics say...- Graphics are great- Action is surprisingly diverse- The splitted storyline is kind of fun- Plenty of modesSome criticism:- Some chapters are repetitive- Some game scenarios (urban/warfare) are also kind of repetitive- Puzzles are extremely easy- Too much linear shooting, little exploration8.0/10.0"
76561198045358846,Recommended,221040,28418247,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Desert,Only my true friends enjoy it.
76561198079885922,Recommended,221040,33091734,Posted: 1 July,all,Friend,I like this very much
,Recommended,221040,23617960,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,MuiNarae,Its Not Scary at all.. but The Storyline is cool for sure!
,Recommended,221040,13828380,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Unnecessary,"Very enjoyable game.Excellent graphics, dark movie-like atmosphere and a great story make this a perfect experience."
,Recommended,221040,25504163,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,T H R I L L H O U S E,"It's not Resident Evil, but the game itself is solid and great with friends. Will you be scared? No. Will the gameplay mechanics frustrate you? This time, not really, because Capcom made it comparable to other third person shooters. No tank controls, aiming movement, and easier melee. It's not trying to masquerade as a horror game, and I don't judge it as such."
,Not Recommended,221040,26588418,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ChaosPatriarch,"I beated this game full co-op, dissapointing the quantity of bugs and ""cutscenes cinematics"" you have to follow, guess and press in order to do things right. It gets very repetitive and tiring to try one cutscene cinematic (press SPACE or R at the right moment, press A and D a lot of times and after that SHIFT + R) over and over again until you get it right, of course it was fun in RE4 but not in RE6. There are boss fights that are based solely on cutscene cinematics.I felt it more like an action game, has no horror elements... or suspense ones. To be honest i had no fun in the last 2 campaigns. I dont recomend it."
,Recommended,221040,35038973,Posted: 17 September,all,Lyrium,zombie action game where co-op feels like a fun haunted house at a local amusement park and solo campaign feels like sludging through mud trying to get up but you keep slipping and falling down (so play the game with friends lmao).12/10 would go to a haunted house again.
,Not Recommended,221040,17328935,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,GNinja2006,"Worse than 5, Bulky controls. Always running the wrong way. Plus very specific mission instructions that if you go the wrong way or do the wrong thing in the wrong order you have to die and retry. pretty much made to play everything twice. Poor game design"
,Recommended,221040,9075901,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mei,"This game gets too much hate. I've been playing Resident Evil since the first one on the PS1 and I think 6 is a great game. Just because it's different from the first ones, it gets crap reviews. The series evolved, get over it. People complain about the QTE's. Why, though? Is your timing horrible that it makes you lose? You think instant deaths are ""unfair and stupid""? Resident Evil 4 had QTE's and people loved that game. Enemy grabs you? You get a chance to make a comeback with a QTE. Enemy about to make a lethal attack? Time it just right, and you can turn the tides. It adds depth, it not just ""get hit and that's it"" you have a system that awards your fast reflexes. I can understand why people wouldn't like QTE's in say.. cutscenes, but many games do this as well, it's not just RE6. I didn't mind them, keeps you on your toes.The story line is crazy, yeah. I enjoyed it, I don't know why people QQ'd over it. Three intersecting story lines? Common, that was great how that played out. Cheesy dialogue? Yeah, every RE has it, nothing different, right? I don't see the big deal.And even after the story is over, you get to play the amazing mini game, Mercenaries. Gotta keep that combo up! The pressure of needing to keep killing is awesome. Combat system is great, I really feel like this is the most underrated thing in RE6. On PC, shooting the undead is really satisfying. You get great mobility and evade tactics. You have to strategize to get a higher score and a higher combo. Utilizing items that the map gives you, meleeing enemies to gain time. Mercenaries alone is worth it even if you think the main game is garbage (which like I said, I don't think is the case).Great game Capcom, I loved it and you have a satisified fan eagerly waiting the next Resident Evil."
,Recommended,221040,18736378,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,nekocrouton,Mercenaries: No Mercy Mode with the Left 4 Dead 2 survivors.  Enough said.
76561198052368485,Recommended,221040,35153245,Posted: 23 September,all,davidmvp010,"I was hesitant to play this due to all the hate I read about it online, but I ended up enjoying it just as much as 4 & 5. It had as much action and thrill, but with better graphics and campaign length. It may fall short of the difficulty that was in the original RE, but nontheless on par with the modern RE games. You still can't go around spraying bullets nor run around carelessly; you need to move carefully and hit your targets. Enemies can kill you quickly, not as quickly as the old school ones, but fast enough that you learn to dread specific enemies. All in all it was awesome and I really don't understand where the hate came from."
,Recommended,221040,32943048,Posted: 28 June,all,Rehvilhams,"Brilliant ! In Making a Complicated Story But Still straight  !Story 10/10Gameplay 8,2/10Graphic 9/10"
,Recommended,221040,10246973,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Holy,"Ever since I was a little kid I played and watched by older brother play the first Resident Evil. It scared me to death, I had nightmares for years because of it. So I loved the series until 4. Instead of making them the traditonal ""horror"" games, They turned it into Action-Adventure games. RE4 was not at all bad, It was quite a good game actually, But RE5 really started to go down hill. RE5 was just hordes of zombies you fight and a boss here and there, That's really it, Nothing great with the story. RE6, So far follows that, I figured I would get a few hours out of it. The story doesn't really do anything for me.LSS: only get this game if you like basic action games and/or if it's on sale."
,Recommended,221040,11178797,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Notapony,"I and many others miss the old survival horror RE games, that said, I don't think this game is all that bad. RE6 may not be what all of us want from a RE game but it's co-op is actually quite enjoyable (other than Leon's final boss fight)! Further more, while some have complain about the seperate storylines, I thought it was kind of neat how each flowed together. It reminded me of the older Resident Evils like 1 and 2. In conclusion, If you're looking for a fun co-op game to play with a friend, this is for you. If you're looking for survival horror... I guess you'll have to wait and see what RE7 has in store for us."
,Recommended,221040,205873,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Dstar01,I still think the six in the logo looks like a girl blowing a giraffe... If you can get over that (which took me awhile) the game is a blast!
,Recommended,221040,10962151,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nugget,"I can safely say that this is the worst Resident Evil game ever conceived, but as an entity of its own, it brings fresh ideas and lots of content. Namely, splitscreen. On. The. P. C.Merc Mode has never been funner, and Agent Hunt mode is a fantastic twist on L4D's versus mode, which instead drops human-controlled zombies into the single-player campaign, making it feel all the more disconnected and intense (also no vote kicking for giving pills to your buddies or being knocked down even once) due to the lack of communication with the other team (in addition to no racist remarks every time you kill or get killed).Cross-over co-op between campaigns is also a brilliant idea when it works, I just wish it was more natural somehow. I wouldn't recommend getting RE6 for full price, but if it's on sale, consider giving it a shot."
,Recommended,221040,8785931,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,pillows!,"This game gets more flak that it deserves. The combat is solid, the graphics are gorgeous and the way the game tells the story makes the characters seem alive. Yes, the story it is telling is silly, but this shouldn't damper your experience. The multiplayer experience is also great. I'd give this game 8/10. I'm saddened that it seems so disliked."
,Recommended,221040,8978338,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Pirrad,"LOVE IT, my♥♥♥♥♥are filled with this warm adventure, you complete me"
,Recommended,221040,19129677,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Frisky,I like the game! It will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you! But you will love it. I'm having fun with co-op!
,Recommended,221040,29318326,Posted: 17 January,all,qwertydash,"Its a Resident Evil game, but you actually having fun."
,Recommended,221040,19547109,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,XxJesse ValentinexX,i love this game i grew up watching my brothersplay it now they dont play it at all lol im the last remaining fanatic in my family that is obsessed with this game and im proud of it ^_^
76561198036501773,Recommended,221040,9611903,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,War61,This game is amazing!! Masterpiece of an action game. So much fun!
76561198036141823,Recommended,221040,4374502,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,W_E_S_K_E_R,"Эх обитель зла ,кто не смотрел этот классный фильм? Всё наверное помнят каккруто Милла Йовович вешала люлей зомбакам,но серия  игр оказалась ничуть не хуже. Все части игры были шикарны на мой взгляд,несмотря на оценки критиков(да кому они нужны),а 6 часть порадовала вдвойне. Лучшая графика в компьютерных играх,весёлые квиктаймивенты и наконец просто интересный и увлекательный сюжет. Так в игре присутствует кооператив,(очень хорошо проработанный) так что покупайте игру,зовите друзей и насладитесь великолепной историей Леона и Хелена,Криса и Пирса,Джейка и Шерри,а также скрытной Ады и сомнительного Агента. 9/10"
,Recommended,221040,33471767,Posted: 11 July,all,JIMSL1CE,"I love Resident Evil & although this isn't a true RE game, it is a great co-op action horror"
,Recommended,221040,12088144,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,SkeeSilentT,"Don't believe the mediocre Meta-Score review; Resident Evil 6 is bad♥♥♥♥♥Resident Evil 6 very similar to Resident Evil 5, except with 4 campaigns, better multiplayer modes, better combat, more enemies, and a massively improved control system. Unlike in RE5, where you couldn't aim and walk, in RE6 they made it so you can actually move and shoot at the same time, not to mention they've added special moves and unique weapons for each character so it's worth going back to give the other character in the campaign a whirl. The melee system too, is fast-paced and very exciting no two playable characters have the same animations.The game itself doesn't choose which campaign you begin in, which allows you and your co-op partner to pick your favorite duo from the beginning. The ""Leon"" campaign features regular, more classical zombies. You know, the kind which are dumb and only use melee? So it's the easiest capaign IMO. The ""Chris"" campaign features a slew of enemies reminescent of the middle-stages of Resident Evil 5; You'll be pitted up against mercenaries who've infected themselves with a strain of the virus that allows them to maintain control and use their guns - They have the most epic final boss fight. The ""Jake"" Campaign is more or less a combination of the Leon and Chris campaigns, where you'll fight enemies of all varieties but it's the most difficult campaign IMO. The Bonus Ada Wong campaign is entirely Single Player and is a ton of fun - Naturally, you'll die a lot without a partner.Most players of RE5 remember the most badass parts of that game were wailing on Albert Wesker with your fists and punching a 5-ton bolder into a volcano. Well, there's no *Albert* Wesker, but his son Jake is a playble character who has some of the best melee moves I've seen to date, and Chris Redfield hasn't lost his Super-Human strength either. Oh, and bonus cookies: Leon can dual-wield pistols.9/10 - Must Play"
76561197970624110,Not Recommended,221040,8395227,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,captgi,CANNOT SAVE GAME....CANNOT LEAVE GAME
,Not Recommended,221040,8564069,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Horizon,"Meh, very dissapointing honestly. RE5 was significantly more fun. All this game has really inspired me to do is go play it again."
76561198065364330,Not Recommended,221040,11785424,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,UBOA,"Someone said this game is: ""Call of Evil: Resident of Duty"" omg, sudden death.  This comment was more entertaining the lot of this game.1) Biggest truth I've ever seen.2) I couldn't stop laughing for 4 minutes straight, my boyfriend came in and asked if I was alright.3) This game has taken itself from it's original roots and tried to turn itself into a CoD/fest because they've seen how much the CoD franchise is doing.  Newsflash, Capcom... Make a NEW game if you want to create a CoD rip-off and leave Resident Evil out of the ""action"" franchise and back to it's HORROR franchise.4) I'm glad Capcom got♥♥♥♥♥♥for this game and RE5, honestly.  We, has dedicated RESIDENT EVIL fans deserve horror and not action.  We're not looking for ACTION Capcom, if we were, we'd be playing CoD or Borderlands.Anyways, don't buy this game.  If you want to try, only buy it whilst on sale... Otherwise, biggest waste of money you'll ever spend."
76561197999552631,Not Recommended,221040,1906235,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,Frogfish,"This game is a really messy, buggy, piece of crap. The End."
76561198078838685,Not Recommended,221040,8365372,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Akerno,broke bulletproof door window of an abandonned millitary humvee with bare hands and found a pot of healing herb
76561197978848013,Not Recommended,221040,8577951,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,downyours,"A very badly done version of Resident Evil. While the storyline might be good, voice acting ok and idea that you can play multiple storylines to understand the game to its fullest extent, the controls are some of the worst I have ever had in a game. Pressing forward in the game does not always push the character in the direction the camera is pointing. This is especially true for parts where there is no fighting, instead you are running from something (plane crash in the beginning, running from helo in the Redfield campaign etc...) After a few rage quits due to poor controls, this game is going to the back burner."
76561197993268720,Not Recommended,221040,8567359,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Uro,"It's just not good.  The combat is crappy, which especially sucks since virtually every single area is chock full of infinitely spawning enemies.  Identical enemy models have wildly fluctuating HP levels, the quicktime events are inconsistent and require either superhuman reflexes, or superhuman button-mashing.  It's just a lot more frustrating than it is fun."
76561197985727920,Not Recommended,221040,9124307,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,thrasymacus,"Quick Time events, long un skippable cutscenes and lots of them, truely alien key mapping, and button mashing to solve problems.  It's a collection of all the things we supposedly learned NOT to do when making video games over 15 years ago.  How do these flaws make it past QC?  Quick time events!  So it's supposed to be like a movie.  Ok.  You know what I can do in a movie?  Not watch the same scene over and over again.  I can just skip it.  And press Z to move forward?  WTF?!  Press S to move backward?!  As soon as I saw that I knew this was going to be a terrible game."
76561198009872334,Not Recommended,221040,27899569,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Patatje swaffel,"Compared to RE4, this game has degraded badly.The iventory and controls are too complicated for an action game like this.The graphics aren't that much better as you would expect from a few years of further development.The worst thing is that you have to push certain buttons or click at a certain timing to get through staged events. I hate that, i don't want the game to tell me what to do, i want the game to do as i say, and if it gets me killed, i'll try it another way. That's what it's a game for. Not that RE4 was a sandbox, but at least it felt more like it. this is just plain crap. A waste of coin"
76561198197028439,Recommended,221040,24043092,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Shimakaze,One Of My Favorite Resident Evil Game Of All Time I Hope There Will Be More Resident Evil Games To Come
76561198094775445,Recommended,221040,34705804,Posted: 3 September,all,Envy,"Nice graphic for RE series not included RE7 (8/10)The game was fun,  u can play Online n offline with ur friend like online coop or offline coop split screen (8.5/10)Nice controller (8/10)(8/10) for this game"
,Not Recommended,221040,35317048,Posted: 29 September,all,OCEANMAN,"cheesy, horribly written, slow af and boring"
,Recommended,221040,33723947,Posted: 22 July,all,Nielama,"Is there any horror in Resident Evil 6? -Yes.Is Resident Evil 6 a survival horror game? -No.Is it a good game? -Great one, with a lot of different gameplay mechanics, ""good"" visuals(idk why Graphics still matter), movie-like stunts and storyline twists. Chris is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as he used to be in RE5, so I have no complains here.Is multiplayer dead? -Not really, but cannot say it's as active and lively as other mainstream games.Is it worth buying? -Yes. If you're not one of ""true"" fans who claim that starting from RE5 series has gone downhill. Heh, series did have a lot of action and QTEs since RE3, but I cannot see that as an issue. So yeah, if you don't like the change of genre it won't suit you completely(As I mentioned earlier, Biohazard 6 DOES have horror elements which you either can avoid(kinda like Lickers' first encounters in main campain of RE5) or cannot(Like Maze in ""Lost in Hightmares"" DLC chapter from RE5)).In conclution, Resident Evil 6 is a game I enjoyed. I would love if other people enjoy it too. If there are any doubts, I would recommend waiting for a sale."
76561198025529313,Recommended,221040,8496193,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TinkleTime,love the resident evil series and they have steped away from the original series style and started to get bad after re4 and havent liked them after re6 is starting to come back from the dead and is so far so good i like this one and will play till i WIN i like this one its a must play of 2013 looks good too !
,Recommended,221040,23606704,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,Great game it is hard and it has a lot of campaigns and missons why can't you like this game. You can play as many characters there is 6 full campaigns to choose. It has a great story of trying to stop the umbrella corp.
,Recommended,221040,8502155,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,A Fancy Fridge Magnet,"There are 4 campaigns in the game, each played with different pairs of characters. All the campigns are intertwined with each other, showing each pair's journey through the main storyline. There is a LOT of gameplay here if you want to experience it all. Each campaign seems to play differently as well. It's a pretty great setup. Leon's campaign reminded me of Resident Evil 2, while Jake's campaign reminded me of Resident Evil 5.This game feels janky and unpolished a lot of the time. The dialogue is lacking and unimpressive. The graphics are mediocre, primarily from low texture quality and repetitive use of objects, textures and the like. Elements in many levels just feel all the same, with just the geometry changing. Some areas look visually impressive, but it's rare and short-lived. The controls and camera are ridiculous at times, but that's always how the Resident Evil franchise has been. Luckily, there are a lot of custom deaths when you fail quick time events, and they never get old.The level of quality varies GREATLY throughout the game... the beginning of Leon's campaign is just awful, stereotypical, and poorly executed. It gets better later on, though. Jake's campaign felt more consistent and solid, while also being less over-the-top.Despite all the bad, the game is actually fun COOPERATIVELY. I wouldn't recommend playing this game if you're by yourself, since relying on the AI is not fun, and you can share the ridiculousness of the game with a friend. It's like watching a bad movie and making fun of it... it ends up being fun. I highly prefer Resident Evil 5, as it's better in every single way, but if you're looking for another Resident Evil game, there's a lot of content here."
,Recommended,221040,9081399,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ZMastah,I really like this game eventhough I was hoping for more horrorish resident evil for a change but RE6 continues the path of action. It has really great multiplayer and local co-op functionality which I totally support. We've had almost 100hours of fun already with me and my friends.Singleplayer - nice and long.Multiplayer - epic zombie killing madness with many laughs.Conclusion - I totally recommend this game for everyone.
,Recommended,221040,8866109,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,thorsrampage,"I freaking love this series. The first one I ever played was in the mansion, and the fourth was the absolute best. If anyone wants to play, just let me know! I'll drop everything and come and have a ball with you!"
,Not Recommended,221040,29662321,Posted: 2 February,all,Lowlander2,"Having now played this game twice, I just can't see the overall merit to this one. Somewhere in here is a mechanically rich and endlessly satisfying shooter, but design-wise, the campaigns are all over the place, the design clearly at an impasse between the franchise's expectations and the current game's skill level, which is why the game still feels wonky and unresponsive even with its many agility-based commands. Jake's campaign is almost close to great, with a nice nod to Nemesis and a weapon set that favours the new mechanics and the shape-shifting enemies, but Leon's is awkward and Chris' is unbearable."
,Recommended,221040,23845960,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,F1,"I dont understand all the hate this part of the Series takes. it may be not the most intensiv or atmosphericst of all, but it has By far the best combat system of the parts i played befor and the consept of the story is pretty good.pros:+ great, intensiv and dynemic combat system+ interessting storyline cross+ pretty decent graficsNeutral:your followers arent totaly nutcons:- more action then horror (i admit that)- maybe to many ""normal"" enemies for a RE partbut all in all it gives a Resident Evil expirince and presents still what RE should be"
76561198062922439,Not Recommended,221040,24031729,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,mattiaiannone,I am a huge fan of the series but was ultimately disappointed by RE6. It's not about the gameplay.. It's about the story and the ambientation. All of this is dull. I understand that franchises must evolve but this game is going far away from the core values of the original games.5/10
,Recommended,221040,11369413,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Bovine Joni [VC],"Pretty good game overall, although I enjoy it for different reasons than other RE games. Its definitely departed far from its survival horror roots, its much more of a 3rd person action game at this point with a robust combat system that is much more melee and dodge involved. There is a large selection of weapons that you just pick up as you go and ammo is never an issue it seems like, I actually ran into instances where I had to throw some away to make room in my inventory. Its an enjoyable action game though, as long as you have someone to play it with, I would not recommend doing most of the game yourself (although the partner AI is much better than it was in 5). There are several campaigns to go through and extra modes, like mercenaries, so you actually get quite a bit of content in this one. Theres also a bonus mercenaries mode for this pc release where you can play as Left 4 Dead 2 characters and special infected from that game show up, its a neat little addition that changes things up. I'll give it a solid recommendation, just don't expect it to be a survival horror game."
76561198110822516,Recommended,221040,28594780,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Phantom R,"A lot of people don't like Resident evil 6,well it's true the game want be ALL IN ONEwhat's make the game a rolling coaster, but have a great history, awesome characters and fun to play...so play!"
,Recommended,221040,28487730,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,xNappsx,Fun action packed game. Better with a griend.
76561198110675841,Not Recommended,221040,23716346,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,WILSOOOOON!,i tried but i just wasnt feeling it aweful compared to the others!!
76561198160868511,Recommended,221040,29929384,Posted: 14 February,all,Strayed Lynx,"The best Resident Evil game ever made,great action and some of the most atmospheric environments in the series and the PC version looks great as well,there are quite a few quick time events and some people find them annoying but i don't mind them.I loved playing this game on console and on PC it's just as good and it also has much better graphics.9 giraffes out of 10"
,Not Recommended,221040,11086753,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Cheese,"The game is fun to play, but getting it working is another story. It has constant issues with connecting to other players, it doesent support tabbing out (The game slows down, then crashes), crashes randomly without warning and does not work."
76561198004658928,Recommended,221040,10521279,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Slam420,"Its resident evil.  Way better than 4 or 5, and its like 6+ games in one. I think i have made my point clear :D"
,Not Recommended,221040,10919697,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cry,"RE6 starts off very well, with a great return to some of the series roots with the first 2 levels of Leon's campaign, being legitimitley scary and atmospheric, however quickly after that the game starts to degenerate to mindless B-Action movie gunfights and millitary shootouts, or on rails fights against hellicopters, or ""zombies with guns"" the only parts of the game I found enjoyable were the first 2 Leon levels & parts of Ada's Campaign.Another note, the mercenary's mode can be fun with a friend, but it does get old quite quickly."
76561198129853785,Not Recommended,221040,10963119,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,janfma19,"I've been a fan o RE since the beginning and unfortunately I can't recommend this game. This would've been fun if it weren't for all the incessant quick time events and chase sequences. The problem is probably with the port, the game is clearly made to be played with a controller. Trying to run with a keyboard during a chase will drive you insane, especially with all the ridiculous fixed camera changes. Seriously, I'm still trying to finish Chris's campaign, that last chase is absurd! And without checkpoints!Quick time events were the main cause of my deaths. Which is a shame, because when you're going around killing zombies or whatever it get's pretty fun. But before you know it, you're thrust into one those obligatory race, underwater(really?), chase sequences, quick button smashing that all games seem to have nowadays and then everything goes to hell.The combat gameplay is good, it feels great to be able to take down a zombie with your hands. Every character feels different, the dodging mechanic works (once you get the hang of it) and the weapons, while not the best, definitely doesn't detract from the game.The story is... fine. Your usual bag of cliches. Although it succeeds in creating a frenetic apocalyptic atmosphere.The characters are great for the most part (though I wish there was a bit more of race and gender diversity). It was nice seeing Leon and Sherry again. But can someone explain to me why the hell does Leon have feelings for Ada? They were together for like, 2 hours, in RE2! Ugh! All his scenes where they mentioned this were groan worthy.The atmosphere is really where the game succeeds  Especially in Chris and Jake's campaign, the set pieces looked great, from Europe to China, they all had a distinctive feel. Unfortunately, the first half of Leon's was really out of pace. They tried to bring the survival horror aspect back, but it doesn't work anymore, not with the frantic combat style of the game.Overall I'm disappointed. This game could have been great, but it fails in its execution."
76561198129575189,Not Recommended,221040,11416535,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[BCS]Don Ask,boring
,Not Recommended,221040,28102438,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BaBuuBaBuu,Gameplay isn't smooth.Like geting stuck while waiting partner to open a door and zombies all around you but you can't cancel the waiting.I feel uncomfort playing it.Skills don't have any significant effect to the game.
76561197965945330,Recommended,221040,28353201,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Doctor Go-Go,"Not bad,, just boring, I can't get into it, Resident Evil 2 was the last great Resident Evil game. 3 and CV were good aswell but once four was released and NOT it's original design it just kinda lost it's appeal, for me anyway. I'll give a thumbs up, because it's not bad, just mediocre, lackluster. You or other may like it, but like I say.. mediocre."
,Recommended,221040,2377840,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Infernal,"Nice Co-op TPS Action game. RE 6 keeps you in a game from start to the end. Good multiplayer modes that keeps you in a game after campaign completion for a lot of time. Good campaign and multiplayer replayability.This game much better than RE 5, but slightly below RE 4(due to lack of puzzles plurality).I am surprised, of what Game Press waited of this game(maybe some innovations, new gameplay features or something else...) This game was not going to follow the canons of the survivor-horror classic from the start of developing. It's just a good continuation of a Resident Evil Franchise, no more, no less...This game is clearly deserving of assessment is not less than 8.But I have two bad parts of this PC port:1)a LOT OF bugs, and consoles controls(you'll see it well in the Creatures' gameplay), low customizable controls... (I think it's more likely to be fixed with a future patches in the next six months(I hope so))2)Bad graphics and graphic customization and very low resolution of Textures.(Comparing with Resident Evil 5...)I think for 6 months, CAPCOM could make a better PC port. But I think that they were mistreat the PC port after hearing low estimates of Game Press...You played a cruel joke to PC players, CAPCOM...Do not repeat this mistake with upcoming PC port of Resident Evil: Revelations..."
76561198079466497,Recommended,221040,12072578,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,ANGELA,nice games !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,221040,32163699,Posted: 3 June,all,мяFunreal,"If it werent for the idiotic quick time events, this would be one hell of a great game.Instead of having one story you play, you have four or five."
,Recommended,221040,9024623,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,H.o.W-Umbrella,"Resident evil...6!... Beautiful, wonderful yet sometimes a little scary :) Resident evil is back with more story line & content. RE6 compared to other RE games, even the classic's, gives more story line selection and characters & more control over your game & how you play it. Fun, exciting & sometimes terrifying.RE6 add's 2 story mode's with 4 characters. Gamemodes such as onslaught and merc's. Online ranking & full controller support both xlive & direct input's. Split screen mode allowing you to play with a friend or family. Options & settings are great, story mode is fun & multiplayer is even more fun. Steam also seems to give L4D characters in the merc's gamemode switching the zombies and specials into L4D zombies and specials. Overall, game is well made & worth getting on steam.Overall rating: 9.5Graphics: 10Sound: 8Gameplay: 8.5Fun factor: 8.5"
,Not Recommended,221040,28844711,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Blood Orgy,This game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221040,8561389,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,OMGSplat,"Quick time events and more quick time events, Five minutes in and they had me doing 3 quick time events just to open a single door, then more when I got attacked by the first zombie thing. Put me off the game right there, next time try more actual gameplay and less of this crap."
76561197994606297,Not Recommended,221040,8756290,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,UIA,"Oohh this game is so boring..... gameplay very unicellular and boring, zombies not scares."
76561198086880415,Recommended,221040,9115582,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zheth,"Just one word for this game, AWESOME. =)"
,Not Recommended,221040,8712882,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Solom,I don't see any Multi-player there ...and I don't like it :X
,Not Recommended,221040,8709092,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,sforza,the game is the worst thing I've ever played :-( after i failed to escape i should play the game from the beginning ? no way to skip the movies !! so after playing this game for 30 min i was so frustrated that i want to throw my pc from the window ^^
,Not Recommended,221040,8976935,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,KiraTheUnholy,"It's a decent game, but I only played it for the story and some of the mini-games.Resident evil 5 is far superior in gameplay mechanics. This one feels weird and it doesn't feel as satisfying blowing zombies' heads off. They also removed the weapon upgrade system in favor of a sub-par skill system."
,Not Recommended,221040,12108200,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Eduardo,"QTE simulator with boring gameplay, constant interruptions with cutscenes, terrible writing and pretty much everything this ""game"" has to offer. Ignore this trash, buy RE Revelations instead. 2/10, would not waste 7,5€ again."
,Recommended,221040,26483954,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[ExLeg]Soul Jack,Piers...You were my favorite charcter of all campaigns thank you...thank you for serving Chris till the very end. ; ~ ;
,Recommended,221040,12769281,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Redwish,I broke a dogs neck.
76561197969183029,Not Recommended,221040,29226972,Posted: 13 January,all,DragonNOR,"This game has done it's level best to troll me out of my mind. While I went in with low expectations towards the writing and controls, because, let's face it, resident evil isn't really itself unless there's a considerable amount of cheese and unwieldy movement involved, I was unprepared for the sheer amount of annoyance the game insisted on throwing at me.For starters the game is dark. As in 'I thought I had made a mistake while setting my brightness' or 'ohmygodmyscreenjustbroke' dark. There's is some kind of procedural darkness tomfolery involved so that the darkness looks like a laptopscreen slanted at a slightly wrong angle so the colors and brightness looks kinda polarized all the time.And while the characters have flashlights, which they even activate at certain points when the game 'allows' it, it wouldn't have been amiss to be able to activate this flashlight when needed.Secondly, the game flat out forgets to supply ammunition at times. While I admit to not being a crack shot and played the game on veteran difficulty, i.e. the middle of five difficulty levels, there's something insanely frustrating about not having a single bullet to your name and then constantly finding those skillpoint pickups in every crate you bust open.In one area I experienced this I just ran through the entire area, as the enemies didn't really have any means of stopping me, while at a second location during a boss battle where you're supposed to provide sniper fire I had to wait for a zombie to drop in so that I could scrounge up five rounds to actually contribute to the scene. The piece de resistance however was a hallway/balcony where you're in a squad of five other characters, where the npcs hosed down the enemies with gunfire that couldn't kill the single remaining enemy while I meandered about with my knife out because the game at that point had supplied me with skillpoint pickups instead of bullets.If you like, you can set the game with unlimited ammo. For all your guns. As an unlockable skill though it turns out. One that I was hesitant to use at first because it feels like cheating. The more I played the game though, the more it felt like this is how the game is supposed to be played. The game so desperately wants to be a survival horror and gears of warlike game at the same time that it fails at accomplishing either. I lasted until the final boss of the second campaign before realising that the entire map as a whole didn't have enough ammo in it for me to complete the battle, especially not with an AI partner. At that point the game breathed its last in my eyes.Among other joys this game has to offer, enemies will knock you to the ground. Usually this is mostly a tedious break in the flow of the game because you screw up or because the combined number of enemies that can grab you from afar, knock you down from afar, stun you in place or one-hit killgrab you all exist in the same space as you at the same time.But if you loose all your health and get 'downed', then all it takes for you to have to start over again from the last checkpoint (and need I even mention unskippable cutscenes at this point?) is one enemy patiently waiting for you to be revived so that he can finish the job or for the monster that downed you to hit you again. Like the snipers or any late game enemy that happens to be close by for that matter. Being hit like this in a boss battle might as well just have failed you instantly as the boss times his next attack so that you're resurrected just as his next attack hits.I am so happy that I bought this game on sale and happier still that Resident Evil 7 has been announced as a 'return to the roots' with a stronger focus on the actual horror aspect the series was known for. But you know...buy it on sale when it is released...just in case."
76561198050171358,Not Recommended,221040,11443611,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Nikola Tesla,I have not played any other of the franchise (I heard the others are much better). The keybindings are terrible i.e. 3 buttons to sprint in a straigt line W+Space+Tab. Camera is very jerky and constently wants to center itself. Melee attacks usally go to the front center of the screen instead of the enemy. Then some werid white blurry glow on the bottom half of the screen started to appear and disappear. And yes my rig is very capable to run this game(5760X1080 Ultra constantly over 120fps)
,Not Recommended,221040,8445666,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gyaku Kanashimi,"So... Survival Horror is dead?, Capcom; what hapened?"
,Not Recommended,221040,34356965,Posted: 19 August,all,Nudey,"Bad movementBad graphicBad default keybindsHaving to press keys do to steps that where I dont have the choice not to do soOverall, the game is good but myb for kids"
,Recommended,221040,32245870,Posted: 7 June,all,hugmugmie,This game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!CAPCOM do  the great JOB AGAIN!!! Each Character and each campaign is great and EPIC!!!
76561198087123233,Recommended,221040,27485517,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,iamthebosshere,"Do I recommend it? Yes, of course yes!As  a RE fan I played it like really thoroughly, not because of achievements and so, but because I enjoy it. It`s amazing.All these campaigns and how they are tangled together -  what a great job people`ve done there!Leon and Helena - the most curios plot, Chris and Piers - the most touching one and Sherry and Jake - the most action full one. And.. Ada`s campaign, well, honestly, I can`t stand Ada. But this campaign аfulled all the gaps in the plot, however. Oh, and the think I liked in 3 main campaigns is the humour. God, immortal Simmons, fabulous Lepotitsa (""You can leave your heat on!""), cuty cuty Chaos thingy and some funny words J`ava and other infected were shouting out. Consider me a madman, but instead of being creepy, they all were so cuuuute. And of high quality.Of course, due to my writers passions, I more focusing on the plot - well, this game really, really good at it.By the way, separate gratitudes to voice actors, especially to Matthew Mercer (Leon), Roger Craig Smith (Chris) and Troy Baker (Jake). Guys - you`re awesome!Atmosphere and camera views are also`ve done some fascinating job! Director of photography is a genious!And his crew as well. And people, who were doing the atmosphere and graphics - I owe you one!But the main benefit of this part are the mechanics. God, I don`t know still yet a game that can have such UI, gameplay and mechanics.. Moving backwards reloading my gun and shooting at the same time browsing inside my inventory..so fast and so comfortable!Gosh! Also the ways of killing enemies, styles of weapon holding, so brutal and cool!All in all, RE6 crew created something unbelievable and divine. Now, this part has become one of  my favourite RE parts and, of course, my favourite games. Thanks Mikami for creating such a seria.."
,Not Recommended,221040,10567382,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kodani,CHRIS GET OVER HERE!.... OK. CHRIS OVER HERE!... I'm comeing. CHRIS GET OVER HERE. CHRIS OVER HERE. CHRIS I NEED HELP WITH THIS. CHRIS OVER HERE. CHRS. CHRIS. CHRIS. HELP ME WITH THIS DORR.
76561198019597873,Recommended,221040,7971883,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,crassadon,"After the terribleness of Resident Evil 5, I have to say that Resident Evil 6 has one of the most interesting storylines of any game I've played really, and the way it's incorporated into the gameplay itself, rather than just in a cutscene for example, really shows the direction I hope all games will take.There's a few spoilers in here, but just to touch on just the main concept of the story, I really think that telling a story about how the protagonist becomes a zombie, and how you get to experience the sort of degredation of their eyesight; like they're kind of blind, and can only sort of sense moving bodies around them, is a really exciting story!! Grappling with the overwhelming sense of the infection; still having to fight off zombies, operate various mechanisms, and try to protect your partner while the world goes black around you, and you can only briefly see glimmers of footfalls. A burst of light as a barrel is knocked over nearby!! Seeing a zombie decapitaded by a trap, and then have to blindly make your way past that trap, just hoping you're somehow clear of it and never being sure at all! It was really exciting, and one of the best gameplay experiences that I can honestly remember having!. . . .hmm? Oh, ahm, was that all, just a glitch in the game? Because it was happening a lot, and I thought it was, uhmm, maybe intentionally? Oh, er, the game's just really glitchy? Oh. Yeah, it did freeze up a few times too, and, I guess I was pretending that I had fully become a zombie at that point. . .well, if anyone wants to make a game where the player experiences what a zombie sense, and provides the zombie player with a gameplay experience of how a zombie actually behaves, then this is really the game that shows what's that like!! I don't care if it glitches, I really had a lot of fun with it!It is really, really glitchy, though."
,Recommended,221040,32601865,Posted: 20 June,all,Mexican cocaine lol?,it's not awful
,Recommended,221040,12825894,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,rob,"9/10 game. I LOVE this game! It's especially fun to partner up with a buddy and spam ""Good Job!"" or ""Thanks!"" for twenty straight minutes. The graphics are good, some textures are kinda low, but whatever. The camera is a big issue for me. I don't know how many time I've died during boss fights because of the camera angle and it refusing to correct itself. The stories have big holes in them sometimes, and it's definitely NOT a classic RE game. If you can manage to remember that, you will definitely have fun."
,Not Recommended,221040,9047726,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Chohnson,The Bad:Campaign-Aweful camera angles on action scenes-A lot of the game are action sequences on rails that cause alot of unavoidable deaths-Quicktime events....a lot of quicktime events-Bloated unfocused story-Terrible questionable controls.  Pressing 3 buttons to cover and aim?-Too many cutscenes-Boss fights are repetitveThe Good:Merceneries
,Recommended,221040,12304772,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Chris mori my @$$,Quickshot Simulator 2k15
,Not Recommended,221040,7754920,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,M. Yura,do not buy this game
76561198260725341,Not Recommended,221040,28815000,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,引き籠り,"Everything's a quick time event, aiming mechanics are trash and even the first portion felt like one long, never ending boring cutscene.probably the worst game i've played in the series"
,Recommended,221040,18941044,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,kristra,Leeeeeeeeeeoooooooooonnnnn!!!Heeeeeeeeellleeennnnaaaaaaaa!!!Jaaaaaaakkkkeeeeeeeeee!!!Sheeeerrrrrryyyyyyyyyyy!!!Caaaaapppttaaaaaiiiiinnnnnn!!! / Chhhhrrriiiiiissss!!!Piiiiiieeeeerrrrss!!!and uhm.. Ada?
76561197998443361,Recommended,221040,8282530,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mrs.S1lence,"A really hard game, that is badly portabled to pc. Often you will come in situations, where you have to run in circles backwards, thats really hard to handle on keyboard. But if you have a gamepad/controller, you will handle this game easier.The game on its own is really fantastic, you have a big areal, where you can explore the world and looking after things, which are hidden overall. Your Enimies are very intelligent, so it will be difficult for you to eleminate them, expecially the final enimies, which are waiting for you at the end of each level.Most of all, the graphic had impressed me so much and even the number of areas, which are available to playing through, is very big."
,Recommended,221040,9349341,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,shattering244,Underrated game
,Recommended,221040,7821727,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Liquid,"On the whole, this game is best enjoyed with another player running co-op with you through the campaigns. Graphics are very well done, weapons are detailed and sound fantastic. Voice acting is mediocre on some characters but absolutely stunning on others. Interface can be clunky due to the obvious port from console version. This can occasionally cause movement issues where the camera locks in a certain angle that makes your directional movement very unintuitive. Not really a huge deal except for quick time action sequences that involve running toward/away from the camera; can be frustrating during these times. Otherwise, the controls are effective, not too hard to get used to and the melee combat is surprisingly solid and satisfying."
,Recommended,221040,8272702,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,VladiSSius,"For all the fans of Action and long-time Resident Evil lover, the new addition to the series is surely a must-have. For my personal experience, RE6 offers plenty of action, while you can play in co-op with or versus other players.I love RE6 because of skill selections, more fluid action than RE5, moreover - aiming while moving around - that's awesome addition to the series that previously lacks any sort of that mechanics.On the down side, RE6 didn't include inventory stash or something like that like from RE4 or 5. Scrolling throught all weapons that mostly unused isn't nice while some people that mastering handgun wouldn't need a shotgun or assault rifle. Albeit that, that's all I can say about the downside of RE6. I'd like to see more improvements in RE7 later, and I do hope CAPCOM will always pleasing their fans with awesome titles, particularly with Resident Evil series!"
,Recommended,221040,8400810,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,-hg-b00m666,"Even though Resident Evil chose to follow the herd and went to action ( since call of duty and battlefield are the hottest things right now) it still is a very enjoyable game. Although most hardcore resident evil fans feel the need for the survival horror genre to be revived within the series, they can still enjoy this game nontheless.Either way, having sherry back grown into a capable woman agent is also a big plus of this game.Resident evil 7 will not dissapoint.8.8/10"
,Recommended,221040,8477833,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DuKeXaxin,A must have game for RE series fan out there.
,Recommended,221040,8573137,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scorpion,"Good:What can I say? Capcom has given a good game. There is nothing more I can say about the gameplay. It is all in the gamer's list. Makes you wanna play the game again with their classic unlock feature. Very good online matching features during chapter intervals. The good storylines fits in all, no spinoffs, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just the story everyone wants to hear about in Resident Evil.Bad:Short story, There is room for more in online multiplayer. Could have made better features with a little RPG feel. Perhaps weapon forging and stats which can make a break in the next gaming generation."
76561198075363227,Recommended,221040,8586089,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,BurrDaddy,"Very Very good game, not the same feel as other RE games like 2 and 4 it is more along the line of RE5. However, this game   has the ability to change a bit. It features 4 diffrent campaigns plus the mercinaries, Leon's, Chirs's, new character Jake's, and Ada's. LEon's brings back (or tries) to recreate the racoon city incident puzzle solving and surviving. Where as most of the rest focuses on fighting GIANT B.O.Ws and combat smothness. This games storyline does take at least 12 hours to fully understand because each character runs into each other explain parts of theirs which is important and then leaves, so you have to go play thier story now. Anew feature is the ""No Hope"" difficulty (which btw is hard as ----). But as Far as anyone can tell this is a better more fun version of RE5.Verdict:Graphics: nice but not beautifulGameplay: smooth with gampad, smooth keyboard to will take some practice though.Story: well thought out but not entireloy super deep.Lasting Apeal: Good, lots of storyies and skills to unlock plus the mercinaries always has some apeal.Final: 8.75/10"
76561198098770681,Recommended,221040,8803563,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,-{FF}- A Mink,Crazy awesome third person horror game
,Recommended,221040,8849225,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,DrDalek,"Resident Evil 6 Is Need At Least 2 Day Or More To Complate The Campaign And Have 5 Chapters From Any Players Is Very Fun And The Boss Like Ustanak,Chainsaw Is Very Easy To Fight Him In Easy Diffilucty And Have A Trading Card Is So Fun And The Sqaires Chapter Is Play As A Leon At Chapter 1 In University"
,Recommended,221040,8892456,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,closet modder,good coop game
,Recommended,221040,9364084,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Cedarson,"There is no rating system available here.  It's just ""Yes"" or ""No.""  I can't say to stay away from this game entirely.  There are merits.  However, for fans of the RE series, this is an utter disappointment. I didn't play the game until it had been out for a year or so.  I read the reviews ahead of time and thought, ""They are blowing this out of proportion.  It can't be that bad.""  Well, I was wrong.  Compared to the other games in the series, it is pablum.  It is generic.  And I think that is the biggest criticism that I can come up with.  It doesn't allow for a deep, immersive experience because it doesn't provide for an individualized experience.  It takes you by the hand, tells you where to go, and lets you shoot in the meantime.  The story element is intriguing.  I enjoy having the stories overlap to tell a complete one ala the movie ""Go.""  But this game is as generic as they come.  When will developers learn that we would rather have a little exploration than a big explosion?  If this game was producd by Michael Bay, I wouldn't be surprised.  Let's hope they get this game back to what made it popular in the first place.  Changing that is just dumb.  Make another game if you want to cater to the explosive junkies.  Don't ruin what you have built by catering to the least common denominator."
,Recommended,221040,9080374,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Berkin Elvan,"Despite all bad reviews I liked this game very much. It takes a short time to get used to controls, but once you do it's great fun. It gives you the feeling that you are really in control of your character; run, dodge, take cover, slide etc... And first time I opened it on my big screen TV I said 'WOW, fantastic graphics'. I still do so.It's true however that the game is more action than survival horror. And online matching system is really bad. A friend and I tried intersection with each other, we both in the same city. However gave up after a few attempts. This also affects mods, you can't play anyone other than mercenaries and sometimes survivor.Overall,pros: fantastic visuals, very long story playtime, story intersecitons, great player controlcons: bad online matching system, more action than horror."
,Recommended,221040,1487361,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Hootie,"A hulking beast of a game.It has more content and waifus than you can shake a stick at. (okay only two really, Helena is a slag)Not only does it have four fullsize campaigns (seriously, it could have easily been four seperate games), an updated and improved mercs mode, and a totally revamped and impressive control scheme, it also adds some unique gameplay mechanisms, such as jake's melee and even a left 4 dead-esque versus mode.The narrative, while never being a strong point of the franchise, is still told in an interesting way, with each plot thread touching on the others at various points throughout the game.It's a very worthy installment in the franchise, giraffe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or no.That said, there are two major faults with the game: Despite increased graphical fidelity, it actually manages to look worse than RE5. This is due to the totally amateurish lighting. It is seriously so bad in places, they must have had a single intern doing the lighting for the whole game.The second fault is: no Wesker."
76561198017271704,Recommended,221040,8502637,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ridentem Lupus [>9k],Who doesnt love RE
,Recommended,221040,9145721,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Snaz,try it buy it love it^^
,Recommended,221040,10839299,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Pirony,MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING T-REX
,Recommended,221040,7354070,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Methadon3000™,"Gameplay: 9/10Storyline: 10/10Graphics: 9/10SoundTrack: 9/10Overall: 9.25/10This is a good f**king game... Worth every penny!!The story is set in 2013 and U.S President Adam Benford has decided to disclose the truth behind the Raccoon City Destruction Incident in 1998. The prime impetus behind choosing to do so is to curtain the revival in bioterrorist activity. Leon S. Kennedy, President’s close friend and Raccoon City survivor is standing by his side through this but as luck would have it; the venue suffers a bioterrorist attack and Leon is confronted with a situation he could’ve never imagined. The President has disfigured beyond recognition and now Leon has to make a decision that will change everything. Simultaneously, Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance member Chris Redfield reaches the fictitious city of Lanshiang akin to Hong Kong, which is under a threat of a bioterrorist attack. With all countries exposed to these threats and attacks, the entire world’s population is unified by a common fear and anxiety that there is nothing that can be done."
,Recommended,221040,3440703,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Fous,"Игра в прицепе красивая, вроде бы есть всё.. но чего то не хватает, толи хорорра мало, толи экшона... по сравнению с 5-ой частью эта конечно лучше, но вот 4-ую часть не переплюнула. Есть довольно интересный , разнообразный мультиплеер.. но который почему то быстро все забрасывают.7/10!Шутка* Цифра 6 напоминает оральный секс жирафа и человека."
,Recommended,221040,9133477,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,psiOn,under rated! great game.
,Recommended,221040,13234797,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Guzma's Cum Slut,sweg
76561198032731581,Recommended,221040,20300826,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Muneomi Kenjin,Awesome gameonce finished you can really enjoy it with the infinite ammo
,Recommended,221040,10257748,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Yung Karat,BEST GAME OF ALL TIME! YOU FIGHT A TREX AND ALSO FLY A JET AND ALSO DRIVE A CAR AND MOTORBIKE! GOTY EVERY YEAR!
,Recommended,221040,2888468,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Beny,"Coming from all Resident Evil games since the first one, I would have to say that they did a very good job on Reisdent Evil 6.Sure, most of the critics have already a foundation of bringing it down since they're already basing it on Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City (and I agree with ORC being bad) but that's them. That's their opinion.It may be a more action oriented Resident Evil but they did quite a lot here just to cater a lot of action gamers in particular. Oh and the action scenes are downirhgt intense so that you can be at the edge of your seat without wiping the sweat on your hands since you need to react on most situations or it's a cheap death for you.Resident Evil 6 may not please all fans of the series but it simply exists here as more of an action game and a fan service on the side as well. If sitting in your desk over the weekend is your thing while looking for some time to kill. Then Resident Evil 6 feels right at home for you."
76561198032588627,Recommended,221040,13313442,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Xcaliber,"I recomend this game, sorry for my crappy review lol."
,Recommended,221040,8461071,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Vortex13,"""What? You don't like sewers?"" ~Leon S. Kennedy"
76561198060760163,Recommended,221040,9612633,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,kyina-lok,"Well, yeah, I would say this is worth playing, not the BEST resident evil game but well made holding 4 campaign modes, all with their own areas that overlap with others, a good co-op feel and system as well as a really fun score attack mode.One of the things I really loved about this though was the sheer number of contextual actions it allows you, be it taking an ax out of a zombies head to plunge it into it's hear or taking a severed hand attacking you and throwing it into a microwave.Honestly it isn't the resident evil we all grew up with, but that does not stop it being a good game and one I plan to play again, it looks great, sounds great and it shows that some of the people who made it actually cared a lot more then the press hate it got as soon as it came out, get it on sale, give it a go and have fun."
,Recommended,221040,11383947,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Taleson,"Honesty this has the best gameplay for co-op I have ever played! Four stories, intertwined at parts, and you get to kill zomies! One of my favorite games!"
,Recommended,221040,9226181,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Sharingan,"Its not the originals of Survival Horror we all used to adore and love more an action orinitated horror game these days but its definitely the best Resident Evil title to date, gameplay is solid, its fun, combat is fun, there's tons of hours of content here with 4 different storylines to follow and 7 playable characters, the storys are actually pretty good too, i especially like the Chris story, best campaign for me though was Ada's it had more of the 'old school' RE feel to it.Good points:Inventory system has been revamped, its a wheel based system to switch now, it gets a little getting used to but its much better.Graphics are great.Storys are all good.Some light puzzle solving in parts.The new protaginists are all great characters.Has challenge modes if that interests you.Some replayability with the collectibles.AI Partner isnt brain dead.Bad points:Linear 95% of the game, almost all on rails few moments when you get to deviate away taking an alternative route.QTE's (quick time events) some campaigns dont really have many, then others do, Leon's is a ballache for QTE's.There's a gas boss in Leon's campaign that you have to kill, most bosses in the game have a specific weak spot to exploit, this guys just a true bullet sponge, you have to wait like 10+ minutes while he runs around killing all the civilians before he goes down, other than that the boss fights seemed fine.All in all its a great game i got nearly 30 hours out of it and i only did the campaigns pretty fast, so there's a lot of time to sink in here, especially if your a achievement collector. 9/10"
,Recommended,221040,7891948,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SkullZ0MBIE,"Resident Evil 6 on Steam! Every PC Gamer must have this Game! The Best Resident Evil Game Ever! Find it on Sale, Buy it, Enjoy  it! 2 thumbs Up!"
,Recommended,221040,8713507,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,StockDama,"Horrible controls, camera and the QTE's don't show up for me. (which is pretty much half the gameplay)But I'm loving the storyline, and you can punch your co-op partner and ride a panda, which makes all the hassle worth it."
,Recommended,221040,10890649,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Frank And Flies,"Easily the worst Resident Evil game I've played, but it's so hilariously bad that it's fun."
,Recommended,221040,9391486,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Det. Dicksmack²,"Not as bad as people make it out to be. This game would probably have had less of a **** storm if it was a new IP. True, it's more actiony. True, it's more linear than RE5. And sure, the game's checkpoint system holds your hand leaving you feel like a little lost puppy who needs to be babied. But, honestly, it's not THAT bad. The game still has some redeeming qualities, and there's a few parts where Capcom did a good job. The second chapter of Leon's campaign is a perfect example of a good level done right. Despite it's linearity and confusing controls there's a lot of good stuff crammed in this game. It's not perfect but it at least deserves a solid 7 out of 10 which, in my book, is ""good."""
,Recommended,221040,14342182,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Laughing Wallaby,"This game, even though nostalgia RE gamers might disagree is my fav of the series, not only is it a good story, but i absolutely LOVE the combat in this game, aside from annoying QTE's sometimes. If you get used to it, it becomes fairly easy. I've played it so much by now Veteran/proffesional has become easy for me. I dont know why i consume my time into this game, but it makes me replay campaigns over and over just for that 100% completion, same as old RE games where you just want to get everything out of it.Man i cant think of any other good reason to buy this, just do it.I mean it has Ada in tight leather pants, Leon's hair in HD. A lot of girls bending over in tight places.But mostly, it has Chris with new ""thanks"" voices, so deff worth it.THANKS (y)"
,Recommended,221040,7379084,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Crescenda,"It may not be the same Resident Evil that came out oh so many years ago, but I did have my jollies in all of the modes. The biggest down side I found was the controls are a little unfriendly sometimes but not enough to make the game unplayable by any means. The story, or rather, stories which all show different views of the same one was kind of fun with the buddy system enforced. Poor Agent, doesn't even get a real name... 8/10"
,Recommended,221040,12207748,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Phil_wc,"Cool and long story, better than RE5. and that's all."
,Recommended,221040,22237633,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Skyliet,"More Sherry on the future, please"
,Recommended,221040,8507702,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ariel,if you go into this game with a buddy and an open mind it can be amazeballs. sherry birkin <3
,Recommended,221040,28705751,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BARGHRARE,nice god game (:
76561198006203936,Recommended,221040,23602295,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,PopseeD,sorry for original bio fans but Chris campaign is one of the best moment in my gamer experience.
76561198037784636,Recommended,221040,30565518,Posted: 17 March,all,Paladin,its pretty fun as a game but i can see why die hard resident evil fans don't like how much it differs from the original formula
76561198130097959,Recommended,221040,23682372,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Bald & Pervert,"One of the best RE i've ever played, but the menu system is fail af.I will rate 9/10and i've played RE1, RE2, RE3, RE4, RE5, RE Revelations, RE Revelation 2, RE Operation Racoon City, so i know what i'am talking about."
76561198265148410,Recommended,221040,19990701,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,741540416,Very Interesting！！
,Recommended,221040,23889710,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Yurnero,"Complete pack is basically useless as the other modes can only be played online, and I think there is nobody playing this game in 2016.Overrall it's a decent game for RE fans. I Finished the game once and look forward to do it again."
76561198063940659,Recommended,221040,8919103,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,sovereign,"I do really love RE series, even though I read a lot of negative review of this game I still love it and already playing this game over and over. Yeah this game is a little more action than horror, but it fixed the crappy movement of old RE series. If you think lack of survival, the try NO HOPE difficulty. I had try Leon story and it is really challenging. The story may be a little bit awkward and doensn't make senses sometime but it is a game so just enjoy it.There are still few gliches and minor bug like when I played mercenaries using Chris and I sliding while running the my char was sinking into earth which make me had to end the game. But there are a lot of game with worse problem, so as long it didn't happened occasionally I could stand with it.I played co op mode with my cousin and it really do have double fun since the AI won't make mistakes and have unlimited ammo while my cousin do a lot more joke.Weaponry is a little bit different than RE4 or RE5. I prefer the previous series weaponry which allow me to freely customize and upgrade my shotgun.Leon story bring back the memories of Raccoon city, Chris story has a lot more gunfight like a RE5, Jake story a little bit more like RE3 when ustanak chases him and Sherry over and over, and lastly Ada story just like RE4 when you play a solo game.In the end my suggestion is if you have a friend or family who share the loves of RE series then play this game coop, it worth your time."
76561197995325231,Recommended,221040,8403153,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ssq | Simeon,"Game is very dynanic, great graphics, and gameplay!"
76561198042569700,Recommended,221040,8387329,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ryisto,"Great story to the campaign, Playing Co-op with a friend really triples the fun, aswell as having random players join your campaign and play as enemies makes it challanging aswell as adding to the fun. Not only that but there are several multiplayer modes to choose from aswell as multiple characters to play as all with different campaigns"
,Recommended,221040,8533447,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Death,ARE YOU A OLD ZOMBİE GAMER ????? yes YOU NEED THAT GAME THİS GAME SERİES re 1 re 2 re3 re4 re5 re6 and revelations is THE best Thirdperson ZOMbie GAME
,Recommended,221040,9770668,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Praxius,"I've played RE2, RE3, RE Code Veronica X, RE0, RE4 and a bit of RE5 so far, and out of all of these games, RE0 and RE4 were my personal favorites. This game, Resident Evil 6, has taken the lead in being my current favorite RE to date. I played RE0 and RE4 over and over again, and while RE5 so far is interesting, I don't like how I have to take care of two characters at the same time (unlike RE0 where it was a bit more manageable)RE6 seems to get a nice balance in action, horror, suspense, drama and storytelling. Having four different campaigns makes it feel like four games in one. Having even more characters to choose from when playing, whom each has their own unique abilities and weaknesses, gives a wide variety in gameplay, as well as replayability.The graphics are pretty impressive, the controls are the smoothest to date in an RE game, the companions don't just take over the game, but at the same time, you don't feel like you have to hand hold them the whole way through either.And I haven't even touched the online part of the game, or the Mercenaries / other game modes yet.I hear a lot of pepople moaning and whining about how RE isn't like what it used to be back in RE1 and RE2, but seriously, all the games tell a continuing story with many of the same characters throughout the game series. You can't have them terrified and scared of every door they open or every corner they round over and over. These characters have seen it all and eventually, the scariness of the whole situation drains away from them, just as it would for us players who've played RE for a long time.I constantly see RE evolving into something better. Sure, some mistakes come here and there, but for me, most have been minor and the many fixes and improvements to the gameplay over the years has outweighed much of the things some people nit pick over. You can't keep players attached to a game series for so many years by using the same dated game mechanics as RE1/2/3, etc. people get bored eventually from having to run halfway across the game world to grab some little item to open some door, run all the way back to the door to open it, only to find you need another part and have to run all the way back again. Which leads to boring moments of emptiness in the game because you already killed all the zombies in those areas the first time through and very rarely would one or two new ones appear. Plus the crappy combat mechanics & movement of the older games.All of these things are things players were already complaining about and sales were going down with each following RE title, which is why RE4 came about in the first place. And yet people still complain.TL;DRThis game hooks you into the story, it's fun to play, it takes all of the good things from all the RE games before, including many of the characters, and crams it all into one game for your enjoyment. Yes, there are a few quick time events, but as someone who grew up playing on an Atari, button mashing is second nature to me.Get the game, it's good."
,Recommended,221040,9640941,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Unit076,"This game is butt-♥♥♥♥ed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Everything about this game is.The non-needed, completely convulted interloped ""branching"" storylines; the main villain motive, the gameplay, the QTEs, the explosions (Oh God, the explosion), the inventory system, the zombambays, the monsters, the map designs, the upgrade system, the lack of weapon upgrade system, the untapped potential of invading other player's game, EVERYTHING. Hell it's really understandable if even non-RE player hates it.But you know what, the dumb-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay actually intrigues me. There's a decent and interesting gunkata-and-melee-focused third-person shooter framework hidden in this putrid♥♥♥♥♥♥ Quickshot that stuns enemies, the slide-dodge-and-crawl, the one-hit-kill attacks, the stamina system, the counter ability. All of this gives me a great feeling of a very fast-paced third-person shooter, which only compares to Vanquish by PlatinumGames so far.This -- what I so-called -- framework really shines on the Mercenaries Mode No Mercy, a time-based survival mode. I wish I could try other modes but alas those are DLCs. It would be great if Capcom could flesh this gameplay more. Hopefully on different or a brand new IP.I thought this was a pretty good deal, considering I managed to get a good chunk of 40 hours with about 10 bucks to pay. I'd play more if a /certain friend of mine/ who ""okay'd"" buying RE6 together would touch the game again. Goddamnit man, this game is at the very least least hilariously ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, just give it another chance!(also it has offline/split-screen co-op, so it's a GREAT plus for me)"
,Recommended,221040,28584387,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,PESTILENCE,Resident Evil 7 should've been more like this
,Recommended,221040,28910195,Posted: 1 January,all,Kawaii-Spazzolino :3,"Questo è un bel gioco, si fa molto bordello anche se speravo che il tipo con la motosega venisse e stuprasse tutti.69/100 per la musica smielata alla fine da anime fasullo dove si danno la manina e volano verso l'isola che non c'è."
,Not Recommended,221040,23630883,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,SirReginaldVon,"This game is rough to say the least, it had the potential to be amazing and fell short due to poor execution. That being said it is not without its right to be praised on certain features, just as well as it is deserving of being bashed for its poor ones.The Good:The melee system (best feature IMO)- Feels fluidic for the first time in a resident evil game, and its even more satisfying when you're playing jake,no more circle jerking in place by pulling out your knife and swinging like someone having a seizure whilst leaving you wide open too attack.The dodge/ Reaction attack mechanics- Truly adds a sense of control for the character while  being attacked and moving to evade oncoming fire, and its satisfying as hell to stop an enemies attack and return one in kind in one move.Character variety- Every character has some for of uniqueness to them, they dont feel like they all came from the exact same mold, and painted with a different skin and voice actor.Leon/Jake- Three CONTROLABLE baddasses in one game, along side their trusty (AI is still bad) partner (clean up isle my pants). I was extremely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when Wesker was infected with the las plagas and then soon after killed off as he was easilly one of my favorite characters, but godamn does his baddassery live on through his son.The Bad:AI- The AI of your partner in this game is like an eternal punishment consisting of stepping on legos every 30 seconds for the rest of your life, as well as getting a cheese grater forced into your anal cavity everytime you blink or breathe by a demented midget clown in a pink tutu, whos simultaneously tea bagging you.Frustrating vehicle handling- the vehicle handling (particularly the snowmobiles) makes me want to rip off my clothes and start screaming that god has abandoned me.Weapons- Shooting an enemy feels like it doesnt do crap but tickle the enemy with feather sensually afer a successful date that leads to your lovers apartment, until you get overpowered weapons and or character upgrades. I  legit feel like id have more success chasing enemies away by exposing myself and running at them wildly, with my donger swinging like a damn helicopter blade as I do so.Camera angles- Not all of the are bad by any means, but holy hell when they are its like my fartbox is being tongue punched by a woodchipper on steroids.I play this game and will continue to play it for story progression alone because im literally that loyal to the series ( zombies are my weakness), all in all  i give this game a solid 3/hippopotamus."
,Recommended,221040,27368177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RITZFARIDZ,its not as bad as people say thoit has fun splitscreen feature
,Recommended,221040,25633554,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,OH SHIT I'M FEELIN IT,You can RKO the zombies
,Recommended,221040,25202011,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,some nice anime ass,Threw a detached hand across a room and it dropped a chess piece.10/10
,Recommended,221040,29921693,Posted: 14 February,all,xProSniper53,wew ada annoying ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198099129169,Recommended,221040,22982232,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,minimoe,"Resident Evil 4: Pew Pew, Kick, Pew pew, SuplexResident Evil 5: Pew Pew, Punch, Bam, Kick, Pew, UppercutResident Evil 6: BAM, CROSS, KICK PEWPEWPEWPEW, HAYMAKER SUPLEX QUICKSHOT, EXPLOSION, HEAD STOMP BAM BAM BAM, BAYONET STAB, NECK BREAK, COBRA STRIKE, EXPLOSION, HOOK, THROW, FIREAXE CHOP, CAR CRASH PEW PEW BAM, HEAD SMASH, SLEDGEHAMMA, MORE EXPLOSIONS, LEDGE PUSH, ELBOW JAB, BODYSLAM, CROSSBOW NUKE GOES OFF BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMits a nice cool calm game for the chill gamer looking for a relaxing titlemeh/10"
,Recommended,221040,10486646,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Friizy,Can't get enough of playing this game!
,Recommended,221040,9814958,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,bu11etpr00f,Plays beautifully in CrossOver for Mac 13.x!!! Mac Pro OS X 10.9.x. ATI 5770 Graphics.
76561198055545691,Recommended,221040,15316537,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Svlolves,Big sus.
,Recommended,221040,14891778,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Shadow-N-Josh,The best numbered title yet ... but RE7 will be much bettered based on the teaser after you complete all 4 of the stories.
,Recommended,221040,8343158,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BoA,"Resident Evil 6 might not be the return to survival horror that some people have hoped for, but it's a pretty neat action game.A number of changes have been made to the combat system that doesn't quite get it's chance to shine in the campaign, but once you take it into Mercenaries mode and learn all the tricks you'll find out how amazing it is.The campaign is long and diverse with homages to many of the tropes of the older games. It might feel too fragmented for some and it'll undoubtly lead to some less choice moments for others, but I found it to be an overall pleasent experience that was nicely tied together through Ada Wong's campaign, which I suggest you play last."
,Recommended,221040,27083230,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,|2A|\|D0/V\,"This is probably the worst resident evil (story wise) but god damn is it fun to play coop and in mercenaries mode. If you were expecting horror/tension don't even bother with this; it's practically all action/adventure. The acting/dialogue is pretty laughable at times but just think of it as a B-movie horror comedy and it's bearable. Gameplay wise, the controls take a bit getting used to with all the dodging and rolling, but once you master it, everything just clicks. Practice in story mode then just have fun killing zombies and getting high scores on the leaderboards in mercenaries mode. It's even better with a friend.TL;DR: If you want a fun silly zombie killing game to play with a buddy for hours, this is for you."
76561198022418595,Recommended,221040,8973320,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Sergeant Dildo,"Not the best RE game in terms of survival horror, but lots of fun to play especially the mercanaries mode. I owned this for ps3 and I can say that the PC version is much better. It's gets good solid frame rates and has Mercenaries no mercy which is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,221040,7374696,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Toughgamer03,I have been a fan of Resident evil series.Great storyline and a lot of play styles makes it one of my favourite games.My rating 8.3/10.
,Recommended,221040,21959566,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mrawesomez,Honestly if your fan of Resident Evil stay far away from this game as it pretty much ♥♥♥♥♥ all over what RE used to be about but as a third person shooter and co-op game its pretty fun and easily has the best mercenary mode in the series.
,Recommended,221040,19279301,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,andrucho2000,"I enjoyed this game. The story and gameplay were good enough to lure me in.Story:There are 4  different campaigns in this game each with its own style. For example, Leon story has more emphasis on survival while the other two campaigns focused more on action.  All of the campaigns connect with each other in the story's timeline.Gameplay:The gameplay is essentially the same as resident evil 5, only this time the characters can move while aiming.  Quick time events are excessive and can get repetitive. However, quick time events can be turned off in the options."
,Recommended,221040,33460982,Posted: 11 July,all,Nizar3003,"You know, i love this game because still have co-op split sceen :)"
,Recommended,221040,23704446,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,BenzOnFire,Best Game Ever !!!
76561197993850981,Recommended,221040,12196388,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Panic,"Not too spooky, but a solid third person punching♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Chris learns the true meaning of love and Leon has the worst campaign in the game. Better than V."
,Recommended,221040,12173192,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Oh WaW,Good is left 4 dead 2 lol
,Not Recommended,221040,28928076,Posted: 1 January,all,MrRandomTac,"DISCLAIMER:Do not let my hours an achievements fool you.  I have played this game A LOT more on my Xbox 360, and even beat all 4 campaigns on professional difficulty, so I have spent more then enough time with this game.Introduction To Review:After playing through this game for WAY longer then I should have on PC and Xbox 360, I find this game to be a long, boring mess that no one should buy.  There are VERY few redeemable qualities about this game, but they are definitely not enough to offset the downsides in any way.Pros(There's not that many):-Mercenaries mode is fun-I personally enjoy the combat in this game-The game does not have too many bugs and is playable I guess?Cons:-Have fun with the controls on a keyboard & mouse-The overall story is relatively boring, having no tension whatsoever-None of the campaigns are much fun at all (Leon's is the best, and it's still very mediocre)-This game is filled to the brim with quick time events-There's not much of a reason to play co-op (Unless you're on No Mercy) when your A.I partner cannot die, and there's an ability where your A.I partner has unlimited healing when you're down-There's no ability to change your guns like in previous Resident Evil games (You're stuck with whatever guns you gather in story mode)-They took out the system of having every character have unique melee attacks like in Resident Evil 5-I will always prefer upgrading individual guns like in Resident Evil 5 & Revelations over upgrading your character as a whole like in this game-If you want horror in your Resident Evil game, you will only find a few cheap jumpscares at the most in this game-Almost everything except the main characters and most of the enemies look bad-Did I mention how boring the overall story is?  Because it isTL;DR: If you want to play a Resident Evil co-op game with your friend, go play Resident Evil 5 or something"
76561198040596916,Recommended,221040,12181728,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,brickmandcr,ITS COOL
,Recommended,221040,12170416,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Ye Poopsock,"As some someone who just cleared it recently completely on No Hope difficulty. I thought it was a 5/5 game. Completely awesome and I'll even explain why.I've completed just about mainline RE game with the exception of RE3 which I dropped. Including 0. The earlier ones I never considered ""survival horror"" games. But rather cinematic action games with a focus on exploration and ammo conserving. The reason for this is generally every camera angle in the early games was set up like a film angle. Along with the generally good animations and visuals they had at the time.Now for RE6 actually being good. It greatly expands on what RE4 and 5 established. With greater enemy variety, a need for precision still (As context sensitive attacks are still the best way to kill generic enemies), now with a surprisingly complex dodge system that is actually meaningful, and added manual melee moves that balances ranged combat and melee too.For the dodge system. You have a crouching dodge that allows for extremely fast recovery. A generic roll which is self explanatory. A roll that puts you in a prone position which is adequate for fast recovery and repositioning to pull off a shot. While having a knife equipped. You character performs side dodges instead of rolls. Which is basically a curve instead of a straight line. Allowing you to dodge attacks to perform a quick stun and perform a quick melee of some kind.The much bloated upgrade system from RE4 and 5 was removed. Now you'll find yourself using all weapons equally. Along with melee attacks to generally conserve ammo. Now shooting at first feels weird since there's an actual need for recoil compensation this time. But enemies are just reactive as ever just like in 4. Shooting zombies will leave bulletholes inside them. Shooting Ja'vos in the skull makes it partially cave in. Enemies get stunned, knocked down, and etc.There's variation in weapons for each character. So, you won't have to deal with obsolete weapons by midgame like RE4 and 5.As for the campaigns. They do actually capture some variety between them. Hell, the weakest one is Ada Wong's. Which I would have marked the game off a for a few points if Mercs wasn't better than ever.If I ranked them it would be like thisChris>Leon>Jake>AdaChris's campaign not only gives some of the biggest environments to fight in. But also shows off the mechanics the best. Piers is a ♥♥♥♥ing bro too.Leon did have some cool levels. Like the graveyard and the crypt. Which were very challenging. Helena had a very nice♥♥♥♥♥Ada's however is fairly weak. Featuring tons of recycling and some pretty weak level design. I wouldn't call it the worst in the series though. That goes to the intro of 5. Some of the levels actually required some navigation. Like encountering the grinches while playing in Leon's campaign and again in Chris's. With them being unkillable, you are forced to disable them temperorially or avoid them while searching for items in a complex environment.Another thing is that though the controls are a bit clunky still. The UI and inventory is massively improved. They finally removed inventory tetris from 4 and the god awful inventory from 5. A good number of things however are poorly explained, either not all or too late. Like melee combos or dodge variations.As for mercs. It's completely over the top. The No Mercy version turns it into a cross between a horde shooter and a 3D brawler. It's the definite meat of the game. Every mechanic has a use here. It's all about conserving ammo and utilizing time to get dem combos.There may be a lack of characters compared to RE5. But everything else makes up for it.Do I think it's a bit bloated? Yeah. I could give less a♥♥♥♥♥♥about Ada's campaign. But RE6 stands a fine point that large budget action games still can give large amounts of good content and action."
,Recommended,221040,30265543,Posted: 1 March,all,once sniper,"This game is big on action and story. Much improved from the previous RE. Very enjoyable. The boss fights are a bit silly as the boss transforms into something massive and is indestructable. Not till the very end. I supose that's RE. Skill tree is a bit weak though.However one aspect that I found really annoying is the camera angles. At certain points in the story you have to run away from a big boss. The camera angle constantly changes. So when on PC, depending on the camera angle forward can be w, a, s or d. And some times you can't see your character or which way to go. I found this annoyingly frustrating.Cut scenes - there are a lot. They are great at building the story. A bit frustrating when you can see the enemy lining up that shot of you and you can't do anything about it!Great that you can play the (roughly) same story using different characters. See things from their point of view and meet up at various points with the other characters you have played or will play.I don't understand the skill tree fully and I don't know what the dog tags are for. Achievement?"
,Recommended,221040,30766644,Posted: 26 March,all,Rabid.-Wolf,the game is excellent everything is good . the game also feature coop through whole story campaign its perfect.but the only broble i faced which is not solved is the black loading screen for 10 minuter everytime i start the i need to wait for 10 minutes to play this game.:{
,Recommended,221040,30780912,Posted: 27 March,all,H.EXE,You can roundhouse kick zombies in the face.
76561198101480942,Recommended,221040,14971459,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,邪圣剑烈舞踏常暗雷神,"Not a bad game,but hard to find ppl play with me"
76561198048611534,Not Recommended,221040,28816461,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,degu,Terrible. Waste of time. The game is very buggy with lots of parts there are incredibly hard to get past just because the game isn't working properly.
76561198161238293,Not Recommended,221040,28858167,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Z̶o̶S̶o̶,"This game does not catch.I mean, you get all excited thinking that is a Resident Evil with lots of content. But that's it, lots of content but no depth, no drama. Everything looks vague. The dialogs are futile. It's too fast paced for a Resident Evil game.I can't even have fun with my friends: Controls looks strange, aiming and shooting is frustrating and makes me uncomfortable, looks like my bullets just passes through the enemies (looks like the game knows that and just gives plenty of ammo).In fact, uncomfortable is the word that most describes this game to me.I give it 4/10 (I would give it a 7 if Leon's dream wasn't to just suck mr president's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221040,29545292,Posted: 28 January,all,Rabbi Snake,"I just can't recommend this game.I love the Resident Evil series. The old ones and the new. I thought I would have liked this game because I really enjoyed playing RE5 with my friend a couple of years ago but RE6 is a different story. This game is a CHORE!Let me start with the positives:- The game works- It ran well on my PC- Cool moments from time to timeNow with the negatives....oh boy:- The story is all over the place. I couldn't tell what was going on half the time and for the parts I understood, well it sucked. A mad scientist wanted to silence the President on the events of Racoon City so he started a global outbreak? And then he creates a clone of Ada Wong so she can the take the blame? I don't know.- The game is over-the-top ALL THE TIME! RE5 was ridiculous...but towards the end. You know, the right amount of ridiculousness. RE6 though! That game starts ridiculous and stays that way until the end. It gets boring very quick.- The camera is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's way too close to your character. Sometime, you can only see half of your screen. It's just disorienting.- Chase sequences. A lot!. During the game, you will encounter a lot of moments where you have to run from something and those segments are infested with QTEs (another problem with the game. It has way too much of those.). You also have to deal with the bad camera in those segments. The camera would start behind, then it goes on the side and then it goes it front of you where you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥because it's too ♥♥♥♥ing close to your character! And those sections always end with you dying cause you didn't know where to go.- Boring vehicule sections in every campaigns.- You repeat almost every ""important"" moments of the game twice but with different characters because of the 4 campaigns. This is just a lazy move from Capcom. It doesn't add anything. Playing with another character does not change what you have to do. It's the same thing you did two campaigns ago!- You can no longer upgrade your weapons like you could in RE4 and RE5. Something I loved doing. Now, that system is replaced with a skill points system. You gather points during your playthrough and you can buy skills and equip them to you character. But I don't even know if it changed anything! I couldn't tell if my character was doing more damage or if I was taking less damage. The game does a really bad job at giving you this info.I know that I'm probably forgetting things but you get the idea. I didn't enjoy my time with this game at all.If you want to try it, buy it on sale. But I would recommend just to stick with RE5 if you're looking for a good coop game."
76561198091759426,Recommended,221040,22012244,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Spring,Leon's campaign is actually pretty good and totally worth 10 bucks.
,Recommended,221040,21953874,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Vohen,I can't take a game serious when the Logo is a Giraffe gettin a blow.
,Recommended,221040,33178282,Posted: 3 July,all,XakeongX,epic
,Recommended,221040,24113685,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mojo1337=DDD!!!  pvpro.com,Amazing Game with perfect sotry i love it <3
,Recommended,221040,24065272,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Din~,10/10 perfectly perfect
,Recommended,221040,24117769,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Plizzard Hellcase.com,controles on the pc is pretty bad i cant really play with it... but story is really good
,Recommended,221040,33142529,Posted: 2 July,all,✿ Becky ✿,this game is amazing and fun
,Recommended,221040,33740561,Posted: 23 July,all,Gucci with them snakes on it,"I am a fan of the resident evil myself and i have to say, it's a amzing game. story is a Grade A+ and the gameplay made you feel like a complete badass. There are some flaws here and there but can all be overlooked easily. truely a game worth the price tag."
76561198054475911,Recommended,221040,33753867,Posted: 23 July,all,Funnymouth,"Not scary, but a pretty solid, action-packed shooter."
,Recommended,221040,33425159,Posted: 10 July,all,yeti_kun,"If you want something horror, play Leon first. If want to have fun, play entire of the game.This is still Resident Evil for me, although i have played all the major series. Maybe Capcom just drags non-horror gamers to buy and enjoy first. And then will play another masterpieces like RE1, 4, and of course the 7 one.Honestly, this game drag me to play all of Resident Evil, and starting to like horror games.Thanks Capcom, Arigatou Shinji Mikami-san!"
,Recommended,221040,33266522,Posted: 5 July,all,Sizzling Sope,"QTE Simulator.Jokes Aside,Great Game With An Endearing Storyline."
76561198066510080,Recommended,221040,23625810,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,SilverKnightSlayer,One Word....... EPIC
76561198324063999,Recommended,221040,25424722,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,PaladinRell,=]
,Recommended,221040,30064145,Posted: 20 February,all,For one To some,6 is fu*king great.
76561198000436124,Not Recommended,221040,29868334,Posted: 12 February,all,Rocky™,"The single worst RE Game ever. Do not buy or accept it even if its free if you love RE because of RE 0,1,2,3,4. Buy this if you like RE5 or any lame♥♥♥♥♥shooter."
76561198063447583,Recommended,221040,13168864,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Blizt,This game is really fun and have a good story i think this is the best episode of all RE series
,Recommended,221040,23653308,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ZSS Potato Kun,"This Game is awesome, fun and has HOURS of play time for you Its got up to 20 hours play time and has 4 seperate campaigns that are each 6 to 8 hours long definatly worth a buy :Jake:"
76561198087935029,Recommended,221040,33425301,Posted: 10 July,all,Mëñ [TH],"This is a good game but sometime the camera is not fit to scene so it makes the game camera bad. However, I love to play extra mode such as mercenaries no mercy because it can help you to earn a lot of skill points and kill all the enemies you want."
,Recommended,221040,32911185,Posted: 27 June,all,Elroy,?
,Recommended,221040,33439198,Posted: 10 July,all,Seanc821,"4 different single-player campaigns, 3 of which can be played by another character with different abilities AND perspectives in the story line. HUGE! Excellent graphics and voice over. A very engaging story that will make you want to playthrough again even if you arent really a scond-playthrough gamer. Well worth my time."
76561198014388837,Recommended,221040,22183589,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Leon S. Kennedy,The Best Resident Evil Game Trust Me
,Recommended,221040,8121689,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Muddis,This game is top as knobs. Me and my freind put alot of hours into the game for being mostly campaign and not alot of multiplayer. 11/10 Would bang.
,Recommended,221040,7905558,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,DinGut♫,i Don't get how people can't like RE6 it's fun actually to kill zombies story line caught my attention still i classify the game as 3rd person shotter / action game and i can't see how it's a bad game ;) but that is just my opinion.
,Recommended,221040,7776170,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zero,"As a big fan of the resident evil series, having beat all the main games, i can say this is enjoyable co op experience. While its nothing like the old ones and the story is just meh. It is a lot of fun with a friend"
,Recommended,221040,8251741,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,nazee zamby patriarch,people are way too negative about this series since it went full retard. it's never been better. I do miss RE4 tho. WHEN IS A PC REMAKE OF 4 COMING OUT WITH ACTUAL MOUSE AIM DAMMIT CAPCOM?
76561198059343366,Not Recommended,221040,29915974,Posted: 13 February,all,Wolverine,"Buy RE 7 instead if you have a good PC, because RE 6 doesn't even look like RE. RE 6 is like Gears of War+Left 4 Dead."
,Recommended,221040,24170515,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,JamIaka,So freaking amazing stories & challenges of each campaign in this game no matter how hard to finish it. One of my Favorite Survival Horror Game of my life!  9/10  #RECOMMENDED .
,Recommended,221040,29824729,Posted: 10 February,all,as109,"70/100without too much freedom,all the route and gameplay are basically fiexd.But that's just my personal taste,judging from the graphics/ design/ plot of this game,I'll still recommend it for those who just wanna play a game likewatching a movie but without too much freedom."
,Recommended,221040,33254534,Posted: 4 July,all,tv/CaraNightFox,i love this game its fun :D
,Recommended,221040,17865155,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,EVILKILLER,Oh man I love this game. I 100% recommend this game. By each time im playing it I love it even more.P.S.Only problem about this game is that when you purcased everything you will still be getting points instead of ammo
,Recommended,221040,16210424,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Triicell,A monumental continuation of a legendary series.
,Recommended,221040,18255996,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,AGNIIz8ejjs1k,"Very good game, worth buying. :)"
76561197976721768,Recommended,221040,18863122,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Hey it's Ramza,"this game is brilliant. Co-op done right. plenty of replayability. For instance, i 100% this game on console, and now i have it on pc, and i am working on doing the same."
,Recommended,221040,12097298,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Jinny Fno,The Best Resident Evil !!!
,Recommended,221040,8664927,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Naomi L'김기범,"My personal ratings: 10 / 10- Good storyline- Ammunition is harder to find now, compared to RE5. (Which makes you think twice before taking the shot)- No weapon powering- Good skill perks- Nice survivability gameplay- Good versus mode- Skill points are harder to get*** If you're one of those scumbags expecting this to be a zombie horror game. You shouldn't get it. This game might disappoint you. ***If you have a problem and want to start a debate, comment below. And I'll respond to your reply as soon as possible. Chao."
76561198335854727,Recommended,221040,30766540,Posted: 26 March,all,万物理论Everything of theory,不错，挺好的，不是老玩家所以喜欢
,Not Recommended,221040,26495500,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TSOMAHAWK,"Unfortunately the worst resident evil.From the stupid npcs to the bad control design this game feels bad.The grafics are fu cking great but almost everything else feels bad.The previous r.e. had a simplier yet more easy and enjoyable inentory-controling-crafting-purchase system but this r.e. right here wanted to achieve the new futuristic experience.Wich in my opinion failed leading to a failed game.It feels like i don't play resident evil anymore.One more thing your npc partener in r.e.5 was amazing you could literally work together interact with each other,while in this game i wish i could kill it,it just exists ther shooting a bullet when it feels like stop running around or refusing my commands.FeelsBadMan"
76561197987191815,Not Recommended,221040,28211285,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sinner,"This RE is a joke. I've played countless hours on RE5, and while it's not a good survival game, it is at least pretty fun, especially when you unlock new weapons, infinite ammo etc. In RE6, everything sucks, everything is scripted, you have absolute zero degree of freedom. Could not finish it in single player mode, I got bored at half the game.I tried coop but it did not bring more fun, it was still boring as fu*k.So, if you want to play a real RE survivor game where you have to carefully think before shooting because you will probably soon lack ammunition, buy RE1 Remastered. If you want to shoot everything in a fun game where you can pop zombie's heads galore, play RE5.But forget RE6, please."
,Not Recommended,221040,24282468,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Snake,not sure if resident evil or michel bay movie on drugs.
,Recommended,221040,17711760,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Badly written but so so fun, this lengthy action-oriented game lets you kick Ra'os/Zombie♥♥♥♥♥as Ada/Chris/Piers/Jake/Sherry/Leon/ or Helena."
,Recommended,221040,20235235,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Gavrillafzya,Nice nice :)
,Recommended,221040,10401832,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,RopeDrink,"An honest review from a long-term Resident Evil fan, all the way from that first zombie encounter back in RE1 on the trusty old Playstation.RE6 has made no effort to instill any horror elements, nor has it diverged away from it's 'action' seperation brought on by RE4 & RE5. Old and new characters are thrown into the mix, which pleases some and frustrates others. For example, some people are die-hard Chris/Leon fans yet others are getting a bit tired of the franchise having so much focus on them.Regardless - Despite it obviously cashing in on the success of RE4's action roots, RE6 is still a solid shooter - Just not a solid Resident Evil. The gameplay is fun and RE6 sports an absolutely gargantuan bestiary to fight head on, whether solo or with a partner in Co-Op.The story is completely brainless and gone are the cheesy lines and hammy acting - Instead, it's basically a case of just blitzing through a mediocre story with whatever character combo you like across their (total of 4) campaigns, all trying to blend together to tell the overall non-existant story.Sounds pretty negative so far - Yet here I am, clocking up countless hours thanks to the immensely fun Mercenaries - No Mercy mode, having been a Mercenaries fan since RE3 and a sub-game fan since RE2. Having grabbed the game for 15 euro, it's hard to say it wasn't worth it - Afterall, I've been playing that sub-content more than I have some other higher priced 'main' titles - Allowing me the enjoy RE6's strength as a 'shooter' and enjoy the tension of trying to score 300 kill combos while being hunted down by a city full of impressive beasties.I thoroughly recommend action/shooter fans to give RE6 a legitimate chance, yet die-hard Resi fans of the 'older' generation of RE (and aren't too interested in the shooter-style of RE4/RE5) would likely be better off avoiding it and waiting for the upcoming RE7, which Capcom promises will 'get back to the basics / roots'.In short:-Too far away from older Resi's, alienating older fans.-Entirely shooter orientated with no scares and little tensions.-Quite QTE reliant during story-mode.+Good to boot up for the sake of 'fisting a zombie in the mouth' with your favourite Resi Character.+Agent Hunt & Mercenaries is a lot of fun if you have good company to play with.+Good to look at, decent acting, good sound and one or two memorable music tracks.Just an all-round 'OK' game that would have done SO much better if it was not put under the Resident Evil name."
,Recommended,221040,4129731,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Ex Nihiloish,
76561198028280715,Not Recommended,221040,34083552,Posted: 7 August,all,zero478524,"I have played resident evil 4 and 5 many times through.  Yet after playing one campaign playthrough in RE6 it feels like the extra content in 4 and 5.  The story that I played was Leon's and it seemed too short with almost no meaningful plotline.  I didn't like the aspect of always shooting and having the path always laid out right before you.  RE4 and RE5 had parts when you find a way that didn't consist of just shooting your way through.I had high hopes for this game, since it was the first RE game in which one could move and shoot at the same time.  Yet there are very little aspects that make it feel like a resident evil game.  The only thing that makes it seem like a RE game is the main characters and that they are fighting some sort of zombie type enemies.  Even the new type of enemy encounters never happen, they just appear out of the blue with no buildup or backstory."
,Recommended,221040,30638303,Posted: 20 March,all,Glaice,Best played with a friend in co-op.
,Recommended,221040,15876857,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,"Fuck you, leatherman.",Leon Kennedy gets more tang than an astronaut.
76561198090330158,Not Recommended,221040,15882385,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,21 Savage,"cant even start the game, have to wait the dark screen like 20mins."
,Not Recommended,221040,5420879,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,b0rk3d [GB],"Worst resident evil game of the entire series. Terrible controls, terrible UI, terrible everything. Console plague."
,Not Recommended,221040,10952395,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Burgess_101,"Horrible QTE's, steer clear."
76561197970496490,Not Recommended,221040,10965518,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Villnius,"This might not be the worst RE game in the series, but it's pretty close.    It's like they took a list of everything that fans hated about Capcom games and used that as a design document.First, the game is like 65% Quicktimed events.   Quicktimed events have to be amongst the most hated console game design tropes ever devised.    The sequences where the player is under direct control are extremely short, linear, and only lead to randomly placed (and longer) periods of scripted sequences, with lots of button mashing.    Only to give the player control again for another random 30 seconds, only to rip that control away again for another scripted, quicktime event.Then, there's the saves.   They're at the end of the chapters and only at the end of the chapters.    Even the original RE game had typewriters all over the place to let you save the game.     RE6?   They have checkpoints, but that's only a temporary save so if you get killed, you don't repeat the whole chapter.   If you quit before the chapter's end, you will have to replay the whole chapter from the beginning.   I can't blame this on a sloppy port, because even a modern console has memory cards and hard drives.   There's no reason not to include the ability to save whenever you want.You know how just about every other game (including previous RE games) would pause the game world when you went to the game menu, or at least include a pause option?    There is no pause.     If something crops up in the real world (phone rings, someone at the door, dog needs walking, human needs a bathroom break), you cant pause the game.   I guess they expect you to just play through or quit and restart the chapter later.Invisible walls.   The game levels are linear, and on the small side, with plenty of invisible walls.    So much for ""going back to the series' roots"" as was claimed.   They had exploration since the first game, but that's gone too.Bad controls.  A lot of people complained about the unresponsive controls.   The controls aren't really that bad -- when you actually are in control.   The trouble is, the game tears control away from the player every few minutes and seemingly at random.  You'll then find yourself in a scripted sequence leading to a quicktime event or four, or they'll give you the pointless illusion of control.   There's at least two sequences where you're moving along a corridor and feel like you're in control.   The character stops when you stop pressing a button.   The trouble is, the camera's locked (try to look around and you can only look in a narrow cone, and the camera snaps back), and you can only move forward (press anything and you just move forward).    It may as well be a fully scripted sequence.    Then, as if quicktime sequences aren't bad enough, there's at least 3 places in the game where they suddently change the camera angle and reverse the controls, so that instead of running away from a creature or explosion, you suddenly run INTO it with little margin for error and no warning about the change over.Then, the game ends with slightly less than 10 minutes of credits -- which you CAN NOT skip without doing a kill-9 on the game (that's where you use the OS to shutdown a rogue program).   To flip the bird at the player one last time, the credits end with 2 minutes staring at a plain Capcom logo in the center of the screen.They've taken a cue from the Marvel movies and put in a post-credits epilogue sequence, but what they don't get is that what makes those post-credit scenes great is that they're an easter egg for people who CHOOSE to sit through the credits.   You're not given that choice since you can't skip the credits without doing a kill-9 or shutting off the system.I did like that they brought the setting back to the darkness of RE2.   The graphics are a bit more gritty and the game world objects feel like they belong there rather than something that sticks out and looks green screened in.    The trouble is, once you take out the quicktime events, pseudo interactive sequences, and sequences where the player's not in direct control for long, there's just not much game there, and it's certainly not worth the asking price.It's embarassing when the handheld companion to this game (RE: Revelations) is more interactive and fun than a game that's supposed to be part of the main series."
76561197985521510,Not Recommended,221040,11434335,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,gogodancer大屁股的猫,BIG dissapointment...this is no Resident Evil. It's just a badly made shooter.So sad the series went down that road.
76561197972953126,Not Recommended,221040,11763511,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,PozerWolf,"A game I couldn't get myself to play, no matter how many chances I gave it.After hearing all the negative reviews from Resident Evil fans, I understood fully as to what I was getting myself into... or so I thought.I was expecting a silly yet over the top action story line, with fun and gimmicky 3rd person shooting aspects. What I got myself into was possibly the most boring action game of all time, with a story where nothing literally happens. Even upon playing the most difficult settings, you'll find yourself repeating the same routine, as the gameplay has nothing more to offer than what was available the first 5 minutes of the game.If you're looking for a decent action game, look else where."
76561198032998287,Not Recommended,221040,12112207,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,PC,"If you liked the old school resident evil, like 1 and 2 don't buy this one...The horror genre has been completly erased from the series.Only Leon's Chapter is worth playing, cause it brings you back to the zombie apocalipyse stuff.Still the controls for PC are HORRIBLE!!! I just can't play this without having a nice headache and raging. The 3rd person is too close and you can't have a full vision of the aroundCapcom is really screwing a great video game series...HISTORY: 4GAMEPLAY: 2BUGS: 10"
76561198031822734,Not Recommended,221040,17011481,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The Internet,"This review is based on 1 hour of play time on 'Professional' setting so I'm not sure if lower settings fix this problem, but... I can't even take the time to replay it to be honest.I was murdered by my own AI partner three times. I played on Leon's campaign, the AI (Helena) chooses to shoot random zombies at random times, usually only when you're directly in front of her. She has no concept of where you are and probably couldn't care less. I'm not going to finish a game where an hour in, I've already been killed by my own partner three times... too ridiculous to continue."
,Not Recommended,221040,7409523,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Scrumptical,Resident Evil 6 set its sights on mediocrity and couldn't even achieve that.Nice looking cutscenes though.
,Not Recommended,221040,7890781,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,NeoRizer,"R.I.P.Edit: I'm laughing so hard at these thumbs down right now, it's killing me. >.<Seriously though, thumbing this down is the dumbest thing you can do and just shows how blind and ignorant some of you are... this series is DEAD. This garbage ISN'T Resident Evil AT ALL.They could of called this game Gears of Evil: Zombie Warfare and all the autists would be buying it up and claiming it's the greatest thing since the clapper. (New's flash, the clapper was♥♥♥♥♥♥The last true Resident Evil was Code Veronica and that game sucked pretty bad for a RE game.I used to think RE5 was a trainwreck but no, that game is a stunning disasterpiece compared to this triv.Final Rating out of 10:Ballsack / 10 (Check out my State of Decay review to get the joke) :P"
,Not Recommended,221040,10245420,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pantsless Aaron,"This walks the line for me, but I'm somewhat reluctantly coming down on the side of not making a recommendation. It's a pretty good action game that looks pretty, the controls are FINALLY excellent, it has a solid length to it, the AI is improved (a bit) from RE5, and most of the game can be played in co-op. But this is not a horror game. There's nothing scary in it. At all. You'd think that would be necessary for a Resident Evil game, but Capcom unwisely disagrees. This doesn't even feel like a Resident Evil game most of the time. The plot is the worst nonsense this side of a Jill sandwich, and while it does have some replayability, I find I don't really want to play it again. There's nothing even resembling a puzzle. The music is probably the best in the series, to be honest, but that's not enough to save it.But the reason I can't recommend this game is that it has Quick-Time Events. Screw QTE's. They ruin games for me, and you can add Resident Evil 6 to that pile."
,Not Recommended,221040,11806254,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Let's all be friends~,"Prepare to be completely underwhelmed by this installment of Resident Evil. I don't even know what was going on in the story by the middle of Chris Redfield's campaign. Gun customization was a step down from RE:5, and gameplay wasn't nearly satisfying enough to continue playing this. Go spend your cash elsewhere."
76561197961546285,Not Recommended,221040,11813227,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,xeoburn,i should have listened.....
,Recommended,221040,15859255,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Jonah98,"Id say this one is a must buy for newcomers to the Resident Evil series.The PC edition is definitely the definitive version of this game! If you love a mix of Horror and Action, then this is a must have. Mercenaries Mode and the Campaign are very fun! Pros: Very nicely done graphics, Very well done and interesting story, Nice characters, Fun Gameplay. Cons: I just wish there were more scary parts, the cover system isn""t the best, Capcom could have cut down on the QTE events(That one is a minor complaint by me though but a lot of the people complain about that, but it doesnt really ruin the game experience for me.). New players trying to get into the series will really like this one. It may upset older gamers who have played past titles but if you look at this game and just dont think about the flaws so much and just enjoy what Resident Evil 6 has to offer you will have a expierience playing this one :) I think this one is very under rated. It has plenty of the elements that make a game good. I'd give it an 8.5/10."
,Not Recommended,221040,19054391,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Manny Mann 91,Serious contender for worst game ever.
76561198047685041,Recommended,221040,20106540,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Boosted,"Not much of a horror game but it is much fast-paced action movie game squeal then the other Resident Evil games. Co-op experience is also good but sometime it will lag maybe because of distance lag or whatever and also you can join in some other people's game for Co-op. There is some camera, controls and bug issues for example I have to be at that specific place to trigger the event and etc. Out of 10 ratings, I'm gonna give it a 7 out of 10 ratings, it's a ok game that is not so bad or good, the game kinda lost the oldschool Resident Evil and have changed to a Action Squeal game. But it's still ok for Capcom to try something new once awhile so I'm gonna let it pass for now. Hopefully next game will not be too much of a disapointment. If you guys are looking for a oldschool Resident Evil games then should not pick this game because it's a action squeal game but it's recommend for newcomers."
76561198044392519,Recommended,221040,20668879,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Dug,"It's like a cliché action movie with monsters. It's dumb and you know you should hate it, but you don't because it packs a punch and entertains just for the sake of it. Killing zombies and near indestructible monsters is staisfying and fun, even though we have seen and done it many times before. Don't give it too much thought, just like you do when watching a trashy action movie, and you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,221040,33117991,Posted: 1 July,all,Terminal 7 DIABETES,"Great game less dark souls like than 4, you can play as sanji from one piece, the voice actor of Batman from origins, eminem and thot, my only problem has been the game freezing on Chris and adas campaign, Leon and jake I finished in one play through but I had to turn off my computer a couple times to finish Chris's campaign"
,Recommended,221040,34387931,Posted: 20 August,all,ULET,"This game is one of great game for couch co-op gameplay. you can play with your friends,siblings or your couple.good job dev"
76561198365206926,Not Recommended,221040,34429534,Posted: 22 August,all,GOODCLOCKS,"Borring story, game play would be better if the PC controls didn't feel like they were designed by an intern because the developement staff was lazy. Even then though the game is very repetative and I gave it (and still am) a good shot but it's just becoming slowly more disappointing and if it wasn't for the fact I'm passed the 2 hour mark I would have returned this game already so now i have to put effort into TRYING to enjoy this ""game"" I unfortunately thought was a good idea to pay for. It plays and feels more like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥free game on the google play store... but at least the♥♥♥♥♥♥games on there are usually free."
,Not Recommended,221040,28876700,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Beardie,"Utter garbage, first hour of gameplay is just cutscenes with press X or A at prompts. so dumbed down, may as well watch it on youtube. I was beggining to wonder if the cutscenes would stop and I could just play the game."
,Recommended,221040,34395982,Posted: 21 August,all,MamaChomsky,"""It's racoon city all over again""Good stuffNo racoons"
,Not Recommended,221040,34454284,Posted: 24 August,all,Raven800,"Note: Becasue Steam lacks a proper rating system I'm selecting ""Not Recommended"" mostly becasue I've had a negative experience in one key aspect of the game, but still do ""Recommend"" it at its current low price for other fun features.The Merceneries game mode is great to play. The story mode on the other hand....Ok so the gameplay's not bad...but the story mode has A LOT of cheep deaths, like things you couldn't see coming but are expected to know. Examples: so far i've been killed by 2 insta-cheap-deaths in the Leon Campaign. One in the subway where you're introduces to oncoming subway trains that can be dodged by hugging the wall, but then suddenly in the very next tunnel the train comes from behind you while you're busy dealing with zombies infront of you. The second was when you meet up with a small group of survivers at a gass station and while you're helping them deal with the immediate zombie threat, suddenly a SWAT van slams into me and kills me instantly. no warning, just BAM, dead.Say what you want about previous Resident Evil Games, at least they didn't hit you with cheap insta-deaths like this...Aside from this, I very much enjoy the the meceneries game mode in this game better than RE4 and 5 mainly becasue the controls in RE6 are more action oriented rather than ""turret control"" oriented, making the fast paced gameplay much more enjoyable. But at the time it wasn't worth paying $60.00 just for the one game mode.Overall if I had to score it, i'd give it an average 5 out of 10: Not the best game but definitely not the worst game. It's got its problemts but had other features that kinda make up for it, now more than every as a $30.00 Game. The title of ""worst game"" at least for the Resident Evil Franchise goes to ""Operation Racoon City"" and ""Umbrella Corp""."
,Recommended,221040,34839430,Posted: 9 September,all,Arukinakatas,其他都好，就是视角是硬伤
76561198165151791,Recommended,221040,16301250,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,76561198165151791,"I bet if this game had a different title it would be geneorusly popular. Sadly thanks to the depressed butt hurt fans who desperately want to return to the past just like any other long running game series (aka final fantasy) the game doesn't do so well in the eyes of the public. To be honest it has the best action, best textures, graphics and the longest bunch of campaigns with so many modes then any of the other resident evil titles before it. The ability to move and shoot was long over do and to be honest people need to just accept that in life things change. So what if it's not scary enough, it sure is hell is fun. Sure some franchises should go back to their roots like Yu-Gi-Oh or Pokemon. However, Resident Evil has improved both graphically and story wise. Why would we want to return to a game setting that got a place in the guisness world records for worst voice acting in a video game? Like the annoying butt hurt fans of final fantasy who dislike where the series it going, just accept it for what it is now. So please take a chance on this game and final fantasy 15, you won't be disapointed."
76561198061257852,Recommended,221040,11556369,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Stahl Senpai™,Resident Evil 6 is the perfect combination of RE4 and RE5 with the classic horror feel in leons campaign as RE2.The campagain missions are very long but include alot of plot to them and allow the 4 stories to collide near the end. The story is infact very very good and seems like a good closure to the newest installment and I hope these characters are shown again soon. 8/10 story. It can get a little difficult and can also be painfully long during some missions.The extra modes are my absolute favourite.The multiple different game modes are what sets RE6 apart from 5.The Mercenaries now feels much more smooth and easy now to movement while firing.The Mercenaries no mercy is very over bearing and can cause high amounts of stress in tight spots.Explore RE6 today and get yourself a copy! I highly recommend it! 8/10
76561198000605877,Recommended,221040,7359877,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Atomic L0bster,Despite the flaws it's still fun
,Recommended,221040,3432646,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Lyhan,It's sad that not many players are playing it. It's realy awesome in my eyes and a worth to play it.
,Recommended,221040,5657112,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Amok,"После противоречивой, на мой взгляд, 5-ой части, Capcom попытались угодить всем игрокам и охватить побольше аудитории совместив хоррор с экшеном, добавив кооп. Понятное дело экшн выиграл с огромным противовесом. Хотя бы по одной из причин что игрока будет сопровождать напарник, и слава богу не такой тупой бот, как это было в предидущем выпуске. Однако игра заточена под совместное прохождение, что крайне рекомендутся. И как бы сильно 6-ой выпуск не утратил свой жанр, дух Раккун-Сити будет о себе напоминать. Все же смело можно заявить что большая доля запланированного исполнилась. 6-ой Обитель зла, с оглядкой назад, оказался просто бешеным (в хорошем смысле). Пускай это не совсем то, что мы ждали. Однако игра подкупает всем остальным, что у нее есть, что и в праду удалось.Тут 3 компании, плюс одна бонусная, которые позволят полностью раскрыть сюжетную линию и взглянуть на нее с разных сторон. Соответственно 7 играбельных персонажей. Каждая компания по своему уникальна. Первая ориентирована на неспешный хоррор, вторая является чистокровным боевиком, ну а последние даже не поддаются чему то определенному - так много в них напихано. Разность так же в миссиях, в местах действия, в стилях рукопашного боя, оружия, да и вообще с каждой новой компанией меняется характер игры. Все это на фоне кинематографичного экшена, который так и хлещет со всех щелей. В Resident Evil 6 весьма интересные и увлекательные миссии с задачами, решения которых во многом будет зависить от взаимодействия с напарником. И подобраны такие моменты и впрямь не дурно.Еще шестая часть примечательна наличием дополнительного контента в который входят несколько режимов. Небезисвестная режим на очки ""Наемники"" в котором теперь еще можно играть персонажами из знаменитой Left 4 Dead 2! Дебютировал еще один интересный режим - ""Охота на агентов"", в ней можно подключиться к игре других геймеров в качестве монстра. В ообщем после прохождения есть стимул задержаться в Resident Evil.Новая часть оказалась все таки крутой, получилась очень хорошая игра привлекательной разнообразием во всем, с очень приятной графикой, и сюжетом.На этом пожалуй все... Играйте в хорошие игры."
76561198079043728,Recommended,221040,18849242,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Spykitty358,this is an ok resident evil in my book but get it whens a Capcom sale arrives so hold off its not worth 30 bucks unless you enjoyed it like I did I to be honest didn't care for survival horror anymore now days so yeah other then that I think its an ok game not the best like there has bin part where I had no ammo but I find when you die you get all youre health back that kinda bugs me so yeah
,Not Recommended,221040,15300861,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Neuf,"I have no idea what to say about RESIDENT EVIL 6, really. Suppose I'll just ramble a bit.tl;dr at the bottomThe gameplay is fairly solid and the action is exhilarating, for sure. The production values and graphics are impressive, and playing with a buddy in coop is a blast.However, what really brings this game down for me is the ludicrous story, illogical character actions, and punishing length of the game.Those sound like strange criticisms for a Resident Evil game, I know, but they truly transform this game into something that's not Resident Evil. The story is divided into four sections, with 3 of them following different sets of characters, and a final epilogue where everything is wrapped up neatly (that's not including the bonus add-on story mission). Though the action is always rising in pitch, it never truly felt like the story was moving along at the same pace; plot progression would be dragged back by long boss encounters and extensive action scenes where nothing is accomplished, aside from the characters receiving a couple extra scars...which is insane, since many of those sequences should have resulted in grisly death, not near-misses.Again, seems like a strange criticism for a Resident Evil game, a series known for crazy nonsensical plot elements. But much like the film adaptations, RESIDENT EVIL 6 is an adrenaline-pounded sequel to a series that benefitted most on subtlety and horror, with only tiny slivers of its former glory tacked on.The game is also brutally long. You'd think that more game equals better, right?That's not the case here, unfortunately. The game is padded by extensive fight scenes, and progressing through the story feels like a drawn out chore rather than an enjoyable gauntlet. Just when you think you've reached the climax of the game, and must be close to the end, you end up playing for 3 more hours. THEN you're close to the end.In the final chapters I just wanted the game to be over. I was tired of fighting the same boss, who would always ""resurrect"" himself with some new appendage or mutation. Having bosses continually come back certainly sucks the tension out of the game, when you expect that the abomination you just torched will arrive again in 10 minutes.RESIDENT EVIL 6 is also punishing to completionists: if you want to finish the game ""100%"" you'll have to go through the entire game TWICE, once as one character, then again as their partner. The play time I currently have logged is from going through the entire game (and the bonus mission) just once. I don't think I have the patience to go through the game a second time.Also never expected to find continuity errors in a video game. Before the main game starts you have to play through a tutorial prologue that shows certain characters in peril. However, when you catch up to that point in the story in the main game things are completely different. The game lies to you right at the start, and changes certain events throughout the game as you switch between sets of characters. It's crazy.Though it has its moments, RESIDENT EVIL 6 isn't a game I want to revisit any time soon. Unless it goes on sale for like 5 bucks or something, I'd recommend avoiding this title.--------------tl;dr+Impressive graphics and production values+Solid gameplay elements+Action scenes are intense, though over the top+Best played with a friend; coop makes the game fun and enjoyable-Story is a large departure from other Resident Evil titles; nonsensical, illogical, over the top-Main characters are seemingly immortal-Game is frustratingly long and slowed down by too many battles-Bosses are regularly recycled and resurrected, eliminating tension-Story is plagued with continuity errors and plot holes-Lacks old Resident Evil charm"
,Not Recommended,221040,15208629,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,BakedZnake,"I cannot think of a worse Capcom resident evil game, its the biggest pile of BS known to man and any resident evil fans out there - avoid this game like the plague.QTE galour, fighting the same old drawn out boss over and over and over and over again, this time you can do that repeatedly over several different characters. Campaign is the biggest turd I have ever seen. The only, I mean only saving grace is Mercs. The campaign I decided to find a physical copy of the game so I can snap it in half and microwave the piece of cr4p that it is"
76561198028303139,Recommended,221040,30977801,Posted: 6 April,all,Kye_lin,This game is really fun and you should play it. it has alot of missions to do.
,Not Recommended,221040,31196789,Posted: 17 April,all,Badongkadong,"I just wanted to say that I do not recommend this game just purely on the lack of proper save points. Today I reloaded the game and I was so sure I had replayed the level; turns out I was put back almost 1 hour of gameplay because checkpoints aren't actual save points. I am sorry but for a single player game this is inexcusable.On to the game proper; the graphics are really quite poor for a game released not that long ago. I mean the textures look like they were from RE4 in places. The inventory, whilst simplified looks horrendous compared to the old RE5 box. The gameplay is virtually identical to previous games but the issue is that the pistols still do not sound right (like pea shooter) and don't have much ""weight"" in a shot. Resident Evil should be about survival and I really would prefer there was less ammo but my bullet does more damage."
,Recommended,221040,31072071,Posted: 10 April,all,για τη νίκη,Wrote this to earn a steam badge lol.But overall the game is awesome
,Recommended,221040,31384442,Posted: 26 April,all,FEEBLE CURSED ONE!,"""A Smart Game For Smart Gamers""-Dr Kawashima"
,Recommended,221040,34962011,Posted: 14 September,all,splatmaster2007,The co-op is one of the best experiences a human can achieve in their lifetime.
,Recommended,221040,26342484,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,kamber87,"The best Resident Evil to date. Lengthy, and well worth your money.The transitioned to a more faster paced action oriented game from RE4 and it continued all the way through 6. In my opinion it was a natural shift, and a good decision by capcom.Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,221040,8063138,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Max Heckler,"Resident Evil 6 is a fantastic game, if you come into it with the right expectations.If you expect survival horror in the vein Resident Evil is known for, you'll be sorely disappointed. Ammo is plentiful, there are no jump scares, and the majority of the combat is fast and quick, not slow and threatening. While the plot measures up to Resident Evil 6 standards of being stupidly, hilariously bad and awesome, and the tone is ominous, this game does not stick to the roots in the gameplay. It's action horror, not survival horror.I cannot and will not hold that against the game though, because the new system is so solid. It's quick, responsive, lets the player easily keep pace with the action going on around them, and has a cover system that feels more fluid than a lot of other 3rd person shooters. The melee combat works well enough, the enemies are varied and always pose a challenge, and all of this works together with one of the more fluid co-op experiences I've ever seen.Don't expect many people online to just drop in with you, as the PC version isn't the most well-populated Co-op place. That's not a problem though, because the game's partner AI is both invulnerable, and hyper-competent. You'll have no trouble getting through the game. And it's a good port too; better graphics (even better if you want to slap ENB or SweetFX on), and  all the quicktime events indicate the actual keys you bound, not just ""HIT ATTACK? OH GOD WHAT DID I BIND ATTACK TO"".If you're a fan of Resident Evil and won't mind a fast-paced shooter version of it, buy this now. If you see this game on sale for 20 bucks and want to know if it's worth it, it is. You'll easily get 15-20 hours of good single player out of it, plus the multiplayer modes."
,Recommended,221040,22018516,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Flomaticc,This is my favorite zombie game! Great game even on steam
76561198108906366,Recommended,221040,15867736,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,The Crown of David,Got this while on sale and its was worth it...fun co-op no issues that i have notice get while its hot
,Recommended,221040,33620117,Posted: 17 July,all,SkREEEE,"Despite the hate people have been throwing at this game, I really enjoy it.It's not perfect by a long shot, but it ain't bad either.The story are great, I played co-op with my friend and we totally did not scream for the two character to just kiss already, aaaand we totally did not cry at some point (it was close tho). The graphic and animation are good, there're different animations for different actions, and there're a lot of them (which is really neat). Music and sound fx are good IMO, I really enjoy it in Jack and Chris campaigns. Combat mechanic is alright, could have been better, camera angles can be frustrating sometimes buuuuut you get use to it after awhile if you dig the game.One of the thing that d*cks me over is Unskippable Cutscene™. Say, one moment you are fighting a bunch of enemies, then the Cutscene™ happens, then you got hit and swarm by said enemies. No no, the enemies can't hurt you during Cutscene™ but they still move (sometimes tho, they don't, I'm really confused about this too), the animation still happens and as the Cutscene™ ends, you are most likely got smacked in the face. On a note about animation, you can't hurt enemies while they are doing certain animations, e.g. the zombie is standing up, which is stupid.And the mutiplayer feature is fun, didn't use it much though. But this one time I got gangbanged by some agent hunters.TL;DR: The game is decent, it's more of an action game than a horror one. If you're looking for old school RE horror, this game ain't for you. But if you like shooting and punching stuffs or all of that action goodness, then yes. I love the game and I hope you feel the same."
,Recommended,221040,33119036,Posted: 2 July,all,Whiplash,"Massive Game!!! i love the story of this game, i wonder if there will be a sequel for this (not RE7)"
,Not Recommended,221040,33021602,Posted: 29 June,all,majorscud,"This is the worst numbered Resident Evil game by far. The Leon part isn't terrible, but it isn't worth buying the game for. The Chris section is getting into terrible territory. The Wesker Jr. part is just the worst.  Do yourself a favor and buy Resident Evil 1 Remake, Resident Evil 4, Resident Evil 7, or wait for the Resident Evil 2 Remake."
,Recommended,221040,34641184,Posted: 31 August,all,El Presidente,"I decided to write review for all parts of Resident Evil games that i completed on Steam.+ Many playable characters in campaign.+ Improved melee combat.+ Better controls (not tank for the first time).- Crap story.- Bad inventory system (In 4 and 5 you had limited slots. In 6 you can have all weapons at the same time).- Too much action.  Again, i do like action, but too much is too much. I would prefer survival over shooter.I don`t know if i should laugh or cry. Are Capcom devs are not very smart or they ignore players opinions? Are they trying to make game based on Japanese audience preferences or they just read short messages like ""Want more action"", ""want Leon back"" and think that game based on this combination of opinions will be good?As you can see they failed.It`s not a horrible game. Average.If you want horrible RE game, then try Umbrella Corps. Another strange game...What helps PC community is modding. I`m happy like a 5 year old girl that i can use not only small retextures, but also new models, sounds etc.Overall it deserves positive review for improved controls, melee and new online game modes."
,Not Recommended,221040,32057475,Posted: 30 May,all,Gatysh,"The flow of gameplay gets interrupted way too often for an unecessary cutscene, and it feels wrong. I'd welcome the addition of moving while aiming down sights if I could use it for longer than a minute without getting interrupted by a cutscene. Kicking doors in RE5 were game actions that barely broke the flow of gameplay. In RE6, it's a cutscene. This also makes the PVP a pain to play since you can't set yourself up in a strategic position while the human players are in a cutscene. Did I mention there were cutscenes?If you liked the RE movies more than the games, you might like this one. Otherwise, don't buy it. I refunded it after the gameplay time shown on this review, wasn't worth my $8.49 I paid for the complete edition (did I mention the DLC playlists are dead?)."
,Recommended,221040,31106906,Posted: 12 April,all,Nadir of the User Base,"I feel like this is the most misunderstood game in the whole series.Having purchased it on PS3 back in the day, I was aware of the fan-base's opinions of it. Ranging from mixed feelings to complete disdain. And it most likely stems out of the delusion that this franchise was made to be a horror saga. (Although given how much more positive RE5’s ratings are in comparison to this I think that Capcom being at its lowest point yet may have been a contributing factor here.) When you look at games without the idea of ""Survival Horror"" in mind, you find that the series is about surviving but it's not actually that horrifying, rather it just has horror aesthetics and/or set-pieces. From a well lit manor with corny twists and incompetence galore, to a former swat member turned (secret?) U.S. agent duking it out bare-fisted with a superhuman (before RE5) before escaping an exploding base in a harrier jet, to ♥♥♥♥ing tofu man. Just look up any of the games/CG movies scripts/cutscenes on gamefaqs/youtube, they're all over the top action plots. With the only exception being the REmake. Yes, these games could be spooky, but they were really just tense action games with bad control schemes that made an act as simple as turning to the left and shooting a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Which is probably why Resident Evil 4 was planned to be an action game for most of it's development time, before being released as a literal 3rd person shooter game with a cover mechanic. Now I'm not writing this paraghraph to say that the series is overrated as I think it deserves all of its recognition and then some. It's one of my favorite series with most of the main titles being some of my favorite games. And not just any game can do what these games do. From intense combat to humorous plots and dialog, save music that will set your soul at ease and over the top finales. They have a certain magic to them that even Capcom has shown they cannot replicate at times.So with that out of the way, here are my feelings on the game in question:THE PROLOGUE IS AWFUL AND YOU HAVE TO PLAY IT SO THANK ODIN IT ONLY LASTS 10 MINUTES.I think RE6 captures the over the top and plot aspects of the series flawlessly. There are 4 campaigns and I recommend Jake’s first, then Chris’, then Leon’s, and finally Ada’s if you want to get the most out of its plot twists.Though it has downtime moments with pretty scenery, it lacks the save rooms and their beautiful music. It also lacks some of the Euro aesthetics that have made past installments a joy to the eyes. It has some here and there but for the most part it’s U.S. urban and Chinese city backdrops and while they are nice to look at during certain parts, they’re nowhere as cultured as the Spencer Manor or the Palace in Code Veronica. There is a gorgeous Asian themed resort you get to run through for a while in one of the campaigns, though.The combat is great and has a lot of depth to it. For example; where you shoot a zombie’s body and with what can produce a result that will radically change the enemy's behavior. Thus keeping it fresh for most of the game, and further expanding the idea the series introduced in RE4. A much more creative way of spicing up combat than Dead Space’s attempt of switching out “heads” for “limbs.” Every character has something that is exclusive to them to give the cast a sense of identity. The list goes on and since I don’t want to spoil any surprises myself, I recommend checking out this guide if you really want an idea or if want to get the most out of your game:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=136986886Button mashing is a given in this series going all the way back to it’s early days as it would get you out of a zombie’s hold faster if you were good at mashing. There are those again here and don’t mind them, but outside of combat they went overboard. So I implore you to go to the options menu once you boot up the game and switch ”auto action button“ on to get out of the majority of it.I have some beef with the way skill points work in this game however. If you just want to hit what you are aiming at then spend every one of your skill points on the Lock On skill and equip it ASAP . Otherwise you’ll have this insane weapon sway that makes it a ♥♥♥♥♥ to hit anything. This is sort of a theme with the rest of the skills to a much lesser degree. They should have just given a lot these abilities to the respective cast members so that there would be even more variety between them and more incentive to pick one over the other based on preferred playing styles. (Extra melee blocks Jake, pistol damage boost for Leon, that kind of thing) I think that if they wanted to allow perks like infinite ammo and you could only have 3 equipped at one time then this would work better.I also don’t think health was handled very well either. You don’t have a health bar in this game, rather you have health blocks. When a block is emptied you get knocked down on the ground and you have to wait for a moment, during which you can’t do anything, to get back up or aim. More often than not you’ll find that when you’re in-between a rock and a hard place enemies will be knocking you down again right after you’ve gotten back up. The only fixes are to avoid being too reckless and/or purchasing and then equipping the defense skill.-In conclusion I hope I haven’t bored anyone to death-In conclusion, I hope we get another game like this because I’ve seen what RE7 has to offer and for the most part I was not impressed. Some of the mini-games are truly in the spirit of Resident Evil but you have to buy them separately which is absurd considering you’re paying $60 for a 7 hour game. Jack is also cool but; his son is just a Saw knock-off, EVERY zombie looks like a regenerator wannabe AGAIN, and the writer has an obsession with G H O S T   L O L I S so the big bad of the game is lame and really cliche.It felt like Capcom was getting ready to give this series a proper burial with this game, kind of like with Code Veronica, but with the way fans reacted to this installment and the demands to bring the series “back to it’s roots” seem to have set the RE saga on a course where we’ll have to sit though a bunch of boring first person horror games without any of the heart, soul, art, or characters that set this series apart from the rest of gaming."
,Not Recommended,221040,17498819,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,HugsAndWishes,"I normally only write reviews when a game amazes me, or is better than people give it credit for. I am writing a review for RE6 for the exact opposite reason.I hate this game. It might be the worst game in a major franchise I have ever played. And I played that version of Street Fighter II on Tiger Handheld devices in the 90s.Don't buy it. Controls are bad. Inventory menu is the worst I have ever seen. Lots of disconnects when playing with friends. Gameplay is just moving room to room fighting waves of enemies until the doors unlock. Plot is the only good thing about it cause it is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad its funny."
,Recommended,221040,9695098,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Nova Terran,quicktime event simulator
,Recommended,221040,22419138,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Vaxsin,Button mashing simulator 2013Seriously wait for a sale before buying this game.
,Not Recommended,221040,21226353,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Deli,"Indonesian langunge review :Game yang membuatku frustasi, terutama ketika zombi merangkak dan mulai menyerang karakter secara mendadak, tanpa ada peringatan ataupun quick event dengan pasrah karakter menerima serangan yang mengakibatkan hilangnya 1 HP, aku menganggap karakternya seperti krupuk, terlalu cepat kehilangan HP. Selain zombi merangkak, kadang juga zombi melompat ke arah karakter, awalnya bisa dihindarkan dengan meng-klik kiri dengan cepat namun, semakin ke depan progress perjalannya agak sulit untuk menyerang balik lompatan zombi. Hal yang sulit kurasakan juga saat mengontrol karakter, kamera yang rasanya terlalu bebas dan sulit menentukan titik fokus untuk menembakkan serangan ke zombi sehingga membuatku berpikir berputar-putar sembari menemukan posisi yang pas untuk menembak adalah hal terbaik ketika zombi menyerang ke segala arah.Sekalipun begitu aku masih menikmati gamenya, kualitas grafik yang bagus, soundtrack yang pas, dan efek-efek disajikan dalam gamenya sudah membuatku puas.- Alasan aku tidak merekomendasikan game ini sebenarnya banyak tapi aku hanya akan menulis hal yang kuanggap mengapa game ini tidak bagus di tanganku.- Aku akan merekomendasikan game ini untuk fans Resident Evil, tapi ingat, jangan terlalu mengharapkan gameplay seperti seri ke 4 atau ke 5"
,Not Recommended,221040,24450756,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,KHFan20,"Resident Evil 6 is laughably bad; It's not a good game by any means. It makes Resident Evil 5 look like a masterpiece in comparison.If I had to describe this game in one word, it would be ""unsatisfactory.""Every action in the game is just that. All the guns feel the same to shoot; it doesn't feel like there's a damage difference between them. Sprinting feels like running on ice. Somehow everything feels floaty and disconnected from you. I'm not sure how CAPCOM managed to accomplish such a feat.The graphics pale in comparison to RE5, and the story is utterly ridiculous; there are multiple plot holes that the game never bothers to explain, even after completing all campaigns. The game is just boring to play. Also, I'm not sure what some people are talking about when they say that this iteration of The Mercenaries is the best. The gameplay is boring; therefore, The Mercenaries is boring. Enemies in that mode are more rare than the horror element.Oh yeah, this was supposed to be a horror game too.It's not scary."
,Not Recommended,221040,12180197,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ZagZagovich,"Not good. Amusement, boredom, frustration, dissapointment. Even coop will leave you apathetic in the end."
,Not Recommended,221040,22723882,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,awhaleable,"I enjoyed RE5. Even though it wasn't the classic RE everyone knew, it was really a mostly good buddy action game with solid mechanics. The campaign was fun, and Mercenaries was also fun.Although this game was also good buddy fun, there are too many flaws to recommend this game normally. And for the 6th game in such a well established series, it's pretty shocking how flawed it is. You should get this game only if:1. You have a friend to play with whom you can enjoy a good laugh with while playing a really flawed game.2. You're paying less than $10.I played the majority of the game with a friend. Only when I played the last campaign did I come face to face with how bad the game really is.Good stuff:1. Movement Controls/Combat mechanics. They're very action oriented and can be really fluid in given situations. Honestly the best showcase for the controls is mercenary mode.2. Pretty decent looking graphically.3. Co-op fun for the first 3 campaigns and mercenary mode.Bad Stuff:1. One of the first things I noticed was the lighting in the game makes absolutely no sense. This was most noticeable in Leon's campaign. The brightness calibration test at the start is HORRIBLY miscalibrated. Both me and my buddy had to increase brightness drastically once we were in the actual game. On top of that, the game seemed absurdley dark. The light sources in the game seemed to give off no light on the surrounding environment. It looks really bad, but this is most noticeable in Leon's campaign.2. Cover mechanics suck, despite so many other cover based shooters having existed by the time this game came out.3. QTEs. See now, I don't hate all QTEs. I like ""context sensitive"" ones. Pressing RT when an enemy is stunned activates a special move. This kind of QTE is fine to me. I hate the ""fill the meter to not die"" and ""press a random button you have no way of knowing before seeing it"" kind. There are a lot of those.4. The camera can be pretty bad, sometimes it's way too close to your character and they occupy way too much screen space. Similarly, this game has running sections where the camera orients itself classic RE style, from a set angle which you can't anticipate. This will often be the cause of many unjustified deaths.5. The plot is pretty whatever, RE isn't really known for having a brilliant plot, despite taking itself so seriously.6. A lot of things that happen seem to make absolutely NO sense, plot-wise AND gameplay-wise. I noticed this mostly in Ada's campaign (which I'm still playing through). There are puzzles you encounter that only make sense within the context of a video game, they have no logic to them. There was a puzzle where I needed an emblem. I walked into a room and a zombie pulls a lever which drops the big chest with the emblem through a trap door. Was he waiting here the whole time to do this? Why is he sentient enough to do this and how does he know my intentions? I killed him and I clearly needed to hold the lever down somehow so i could go through the trap door.So how did I do this? There are bodies hanging from the ceiling from nooses with locks on them. You're supposed to move the lever (which is on a track) near one of the bodies, shoot the lock which causes the body to drop from the noose (how?), the body gets caught on the lever and holds it down. If you shoot the body without landing on the lever, it dissolves and another one drops from the ceiling. ...WHAT. The whole premise of the puzzle makes no sense at all. There are many more like this. I can't even chalk this up to video game logic because there is no logic to this at all.7. Ada's campaign being single player oriented. I appreciate they tried to do something different by making it a single player campaign, but it's executed in the worst way possible. You play 3 campaigns co-op. The 4th campaign can still be played co-op, but the story and gameplay is built around one player. Only Ada can interact with puzzles and exist in cutscenes. The most the second player can do is fight zombies, but there aren't nearly as many because it's built around one person playing. It really dissuades you from playing with a friend because they end up being useless, thus taking pretty much the only entertaining factor of the game away.So yeah the game is fun with a friend, but not worth it otherwise. RE5 was a better game."
,Recommended,221040,8276757,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,raZe,"With Resident Evil 4, a video game series once known for survival horror and tank controls turned into a third person shooter with tank controls. Resident Evil 6 follows this direction even more consequently than previous installments. There's plenty to shoot, ammo is no longer scarce (true for every campaign save for Chris', for some reason), the characters are more agile than ever before and apart from Ada's campaign, every segment can be played cooperatively. Horror is only present in form of the various body horror moments, the monsters and the gore, of course. Little has changed in terms of mechanics and unless you were expecting survival horror to return, RE6 couldn't be better. In theory.Unfortunately, the game is just littered with bad design decisions. For instance, the dreaded button mashing sequences have returned - with a vengeance. While they have been relatively few in-between before, in RE6 you stumble over them every few steps. Every time you think the game finally lets you play, it snatches control away from you in favor of another chase sequence. And even though the characters are as agile as they can get in a Resident Evil game, the zombies can now leap 4 meters (if you're American, convert it) and every time they get hold of you, you will engage in yet another QTE square dance.In a series that has been known for zombies, you fight relatively few of those. For the most part, enemies consist of gun-toting humanoid mutants, placing RE6 even closer to a run-of-the-mill third person shooter. In addition to that, the railroading is insane, the setpieces are not as varied or interesting as they could be and the story, while absolutely ridiculous, takes itself way too seriously. If I didn't know better, I'd say RE6 is a parody of current-gen game design.There are four campaigns in total, which offer different play styles: Leon's campaign is the closest to the more traditional RE games and the only one featuring zombies, Chris' campaign is a full-on third person shooter, Jake's campaign plays like a hybrid of both and Ada's campaign focuses on what Capcom perceives as stealth. RE6 tries to have its cake and eat it, but ends up doing nothing right. As a result, the game feels weirdly unfocused and makes it evident that Capcom doesn't know where to take the series.Despite its glaring flaws, I can't bring myself to hate the game since the mechanics are rock-solid. The gunplay feels satisfying since zombies react properly to hits: A shot to the chest will throw them back or make them stagger; a shot to the leg will make them fall over, giving you enough time to line up additional shots or go for a melee finisher. Capcom even integrated a gore engine, which is always a nice touch in a game featuring the walking dead. RE6 is at its strongest when it's just pitting you against a horde of zombies and at its weakest when it's going for cinematic action. Unfortunately, moments like the latter are way too present. It almost seems like Capcom doesn't have any confidence in the game holding its own with all those other fancy third person shooters around.There is a good game sleeping in here, mostly in the shape of the Mercenaries mode, which I enjoyed more than all four campaigns combined. Popping heads and body slamming zombies all day - this is what RE6 could have been: pure genocidal fun. It only takes a lot of digging to get there. If you like action games and have a high tolerance for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, check out RE6, but don't blame me if you want to fire it into the sun. In case you were expecting a return to the old days of survival horror: Don't even bother. Personally, I don't really care what you do with an established series as long as you do it right.I for one am looking forward to Resident Evil Kart."
,Recommended,221040,11555574,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,TitsOnToast,I ♥♥♥♥in' suck at it but it's so good I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ And ♥♥♥♥ the purists who say this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,221040,8060301,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,This is War 88,"The best resident evil to date the game is massive! I have only played leons campaign and I'm only half way through chris campaign and I'm already 16 hours in. The graphics are fantastic and it's a good port feels very smooth and fluid. The campaign storys draw you in and are well scripted. It's just an action packed thrill rid with a tone of huuuuge bosses, action packed scenes , non stop action and there's always something new around the next corner it never gets boring, it's just awesome it really is. It's well worth the money and your getting a massvie games unlike some other games that charge you full price and only last 5/6 hours cod ghost and bf4 for example. res Revelations is also very good if your interested in getting this then you should check out revelations while your at it."
,Not Recommended,221040,23609525,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Awry,"Absolute garbage compared to 4 and 5. These controls are terrible. PC customization and settings are terrible. The zombie hitboxes are very precise while the zombies have a lot of leeway when connecting attacks with you, especially via grapples. The damage soak in this game is ridiculous as well; these zombies sometimes will take multiple shotgun blasts and several handgun magazines to no avail. Inventory system is garbage. The dodging is garbage. This game is garbage."
76561198013587227,Not Recommended,221040,23851573,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SkippyMcGee,"Remember the good old days when the only thing bad about Resident Evil were the movies? Good times...But seriously, this has got to be the absolute worst RE game in the main series. I can't understand why so many people blindly accept this game like it's actually good, fun, and playable. It's a bad shooter and it's a god awful Resident Evil game.I hate being forced into Co op. If the only thing good people can say about your game is that it has Co Op then you screwed up. I perefer a good single player mode over an online mode but RE6 can't even do that right. You want to play through the game without a human/AI partner? TOO BAD you're stuck with em! I never want to play online because I don't like online games and the single player is built with co op in mind  which sucks. I honestly can not recommend this game. If you want a good Resident Evil game get the Resident Evil HD and/or Resident Evil Zero HD and avoid this garbage!"
,Recommended,221040,23609013,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,cupcakemann95,">Want to play co-op with friend>He never opened game, wait for him to finish unskippable tutorial>Invite him during it, crashes game>Has to go through entire tutorial again>Finally play together>Spend 4 hours critisizing the game and it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Herb drops10 / 10 would criticize again"
,Recommended,221040,30200508,Posted: 26 February,all,The Fame Monster,lel
76561198036717930,Recommended,221040,24613590,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Sir Jacko,"Capcom has done it again. R6 is a masterpiece. No longer do you feel afraid when playing resident evil, which is perfect. The story rivals that of citizen kane. The choose of making Chris story a door kicking simulator was brilliant. I give the game 10/10."
,Not Recommended,221040,28494012,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,icleus,"Try controling a puppet on strings, while it is holding a gun to shoot targets.  This is exactly what this game feels like.  Extremely clunky and rough combat.  The story is also constant handholding with go here, go there, do this, do that."
76561198067322013,Not Recommended,221040,19352575,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Always-That-Guy,"So i do realize i don't have much gameplay put into this, to be honest i struggled to get even this far. I am a MASSIVE fan of res 4/5, i loved how everyting was. I put in 2 1/2 hours into Chris's campain and felt it was an intro the entire time. The resident evil i fell in love with is gone. I felt like the gameplay was clunky as hell, i would kick a zombie to the ground the somehow in a split second he would get up, tackle me and take down a ton of health. Even the interactive (tap A) or swirl your thumbstick is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥cause sometimes it goes faster than even possible. The tactics originally in this game were around the fact of playing smart, scavenging for ammo and conserving it properly by shooting out their kneecaps and using physical force as everyone knows. Now don't get me wrong the melee combat is much better in this, they give u way to much ammo. it is literally just pull out your pistols, shoot a ton and keep going. I will most likely not be continuing more into this game because of how unoriginal and disgusting the gameplay is imo."
,Recommended,221040,6756899,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,Pimp,"Кради убивай.Я не поклонник Резидента в принципе, меня в него поиграть затащили друзья. Так что, моё мнение как обычного игрока: Загадочное прохождение компаний, увлекательные игровые моменты, интересная и весьма драмматическая линия сюжета и связь между каждым персонажем.Обязательно перед началом игры корректируйте свои настройки графики и прочего. В игре, как и в любой другой, есть баги, но встречаются на редкость.Желательно начать прохождение с самой первой части и не пропуская дополнения, если вы действительно хотите полностью погрузиться в эту историю..."
76561198032646304,Not Recommended,221040,23850869,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sgt Lincoln Osiris,QTE Simulator :3
,Not Recommended,221040,23448715,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,EVANGELION,"If you are not a fan of Resident Evil, avoid this game. The control is so terrible, the game automatically ""correct"" your input and always surprise you. I really like the stories, especially the Ada Wang. However, when I control Ada diving, it is such a nightmare. Please do not buy this game if you are not a fan. Save yourself, do not throw money on the♥♥♥♥♥♥like developers!"
,Recommended,221040,18801032,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zviadi,very good game i will give it 10/10 because i am big fan of resident evils :)
,Recommended,221040,16759896,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,bum bee,"I don't know how to start but basically this game ruined my life in a good way. Something interesting concerning Resident Evil is that, there is always something to do even when you finish the story mode. Like, you could play forever man! I think everything was good in this game except the fact that //SPOILER: they've killed a character that could have been so interesting in the future. // But this said I really enjoyed and still enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,221040,17213620,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,KEN KANEKI,4 playable sets of charactersyou get to do karate to the infectedawesome
76561198092115717,Not Recommended,221040,22860599,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,IShoHandshom,"Quick note i had this game on the xbox 360 when it first came out played the whole thing, The only reason why i got this in my game library is because i got it with a bundleProsGood graphics nothing really important thoughSome pretty cool bossesHas alot of popular charactersCons:This was the game that ruined the franchiseWAYYYYYYY TO MANY QUICKTIME EVENTSFeels like a game by micheal bayNOT EVEN CLOSE TO SURVIVAL HORRORWAYYYYY TOO MUCH ACTIONThe main villans are mehToo overpriced for what it is alot when the game is almost 4 years oldOverall i was reallly really disappointed. when it was first annouced i was so excited but when i finally got it i tried as much as i could to like this game but i just could not... But if you have never played any of the resident evil games then you might like it. Capcom really messed this one up. But if you have played the games you will not like this game but if you still wanna try it just wait for a sale i would say 19.99 is when you should buy it but not for 30$"
,Not Recommended,221040,28496668,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Brad,"If you want to relive the awesome feel of resident evil 4 and 5 then you've come to the wrong place. I bought this for $7 and that's really all this game is worth. I can't really put my finger on what makes this game feel so awfull but I'll just run down the the list of anoyances.So many bugs happen when kicking/stomping on zombies, quite often you'll glitch by a wall and be left with no health.Guns feel really poorly. In previous games you can tell when an enemy is dead but in this game you'll quite often pump an enemy full of bullets only to realize he died 5 shots ago.Autosave sucks, usually you're to busy fighting to notice when you've hit a save zone. Twice I had to redo an entire zone because I exited just before the next autosave.Just when you think the game is done holding your hand through another sequence it happens all again, like i'm in a perpetual tutorial.All in all it feels more like dead rising than resident evil.I'm not even 2 hours into the game and allready it feels like a chore, but I'm going to try and beat it."
76561197997875519,Not Recommended,221040,8713439,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Henry Jameson,"Wow, this was disappointing. RE 6 does everything wrong that RE 4 did right. Poor level design, strange controls, boring fights, it just doesn't work. As a co-op experience, it certainly....exists.... but you can buy 3 other good co-op games that'll give you a much better time for the same price. Just say ""No."""
,Not Recommended,221040,7878034,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Viper,"The latest chapter in the venerable Biohazard franchise is quite the disheartening move for long-time fans. While delivering the vaunted Action it had become know for in Resident Evil 5, this comes at the cost of losing all the survival horror of the past. The nearly braindead puzzles present in this game is perhaps most endemic of this transition from horror to action, a transition that has displeased a large part of the fanbase. While it is competently made, with decent production values, and the highest budget in Biohazard history, this Biohazard should be left alone."
76561198003428784,Not Recommended,221040,8890251,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Nroc,"everything that made resident evil great, is not in this game. Not scary, no survival aspect, minimal puzzles, no save points and the monsters now shoot guns at you. o how i miss the days of RE2 & 3 and Code Veronica"
,Not Recommended,221040,18957069,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,SilentCaay,"If you have a friend and you want to have a laugh together with a generic co-op zombie shooter loaded with problems, this game isn't too bad. I got it on sale for $7.50 and it's worth about that much. It's competent enough to function while being bad enough to laugh at.As a Resident Evil game, though, it's TERRIBLE and because it's actually SUPPOSED to be a Resident Evil game, it deserves the negative review. The last great RE game, IMO and not counting remakes, was RE4. This game takes everything good about the older RE games and throws it out the window while taking all the bad stuff and amplifies it 100 fold. It also throws in all the garbage gaming conventions that modern AAA devs think games need that drive me crazy like QTEs, excessive cutscenes, QTEs, taking control away from the player in the middle of gameplay segments, QTEs, gamey button prompts that ruin immersion, have I mentioned QTEs?Let me compare the beginning of this game to a great RE game like RE2. In RE2 you had an FMV cutscene (with zero QTEs) followed by a wonderful gameplay intro that was so memorable I could paint a picture of each scene from memory. Between the end of the FMV cutscene and finding the police station, there was only one short cutscene that used the in-game engine at a gun shop. Aside from that short cutscene it was all normal gameplay allowing the player to get used to the game and immerse themself in the world. In RE6 you're being shot at by a helicopter right off the bat, but wait, you have to open the options menu because you're dropped into the game without a main menu. The heli shoots constantly without hitting anything while you mess with settings, a real immersion killer. Then you have to drag Helena away from the heli but you don't press the movement keys to do so, you mash the spacebar for a garbage QTE. Then you're in an alley for an on-rails segment where any direction you press has Leon lumber forward. Up/down/left/right all progress him down this rail. The player has extremely limited control. In the next part you're finally free to walk around but that's it. You can't check the weapon controls or even run. You can only walk. Then the game expects you to learn the weapon controls in 0.25 seconds as they throw a zombie at your face and flash QTE style prompts on the screen (although this isn't a QTE, it just has the immersion-destroying prompts as a kind of tutorial). Failing to shoot the zombie because you weren't simply allowed to play with your gun to get used to it before the zombie shows up, you die and go back to a checkpoint. As the tutorial segment continues you jump over cars as part of a QTE, you fly a helicopter as part of a QTE, you run from an explosion as part of a QTE, you shoot zombies as part of a QTE, etc... It's all very exciting gameplay... NOT. Devs, how about you let ME play the goddamn game?The co-op is generic, as I said. In a Resident Evil game I expect to poke around, click on environmental stuff to read little descriptions of things, pick up files, search for ammo/herbs, solve puzzles, etc. Aside from picking up the odd ammo/herb none of that is present. Also, 90% of your items come from enemy drops so searching for environmental pickups isn't even that important. It's streamlined for co-op, in other words. Devs these days seem to think that a co-op experience has to be FAST to be playable. Can't stop to read descriptions! Can't stop to admire the scenery! Can't stop to solve puzzles! Gotta blaze through the game ASAP! You want a puzzle? How about Player A helps Player B access a co-op accessible area, and then Player B presses a button/unlocks a door/pushes a box/etc to allow Player A to follow? Great puzzle, right? There are also dual pickups meaning both players can pick up each item once meaning there's no real communication aside from ""ammo/herb over here"". You won't have to discuss how much ammo/herbs of each type each player has and who should get what.I could go on. There are many factors that make this a terrible RE game or just a sub-par generic co-op game but we'd be here all day. Overall, the game is playable. If you're playing with a friend, it's actually not bad to play through and laugh at the problems the game has so if that sounds like something you'd enjoy, I can honestly recommend picking it up on sale. For the many reasons stated, however, I feel this game falls way, way, way short of it's potential and isn't a fitting entry in the RE franchise and that's where the negative review comes from.Final Edit: Finished the main campaign and while I have a number of new complaints, the one that really needs to be added here is the dynamic difficulty. In other games that have dynamic difficulty, after you die at the same spot a few times the game might get a little easier to help you get past that part. Here, though, you die once and it  switches to Baby Mode. You'll never die in the same place twice (unless it's due to some janky QTE). Not only is this very insulting to the player but it's also a huge flaw in game design philosphy to think that nothing in the game should take more than 2 attempts."
,Not Recommended,221040,7880360,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lady Naga ♆,"Resident Evil 6 is a confusing mess. It is finally obvious that Capcom has no clue what they want to do with this series so they're just throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥at the wall and seeing what sticks. The plot jumps around in time from chapter to chapter like Memento on crack. The Leon chapter is the only thing even vaguely remenicient of Resident Evil's roots, and even that is basically Kobayashi jumping up and down, waving his arms and screaming ""HEY YOU REMEMBER 2!? YOU GUYS LIKED THAT ONE RIGHT!?"""
76561198000721460,Not Recommended,221040,8581204,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Emptybreeze,"Review Based on Leon and Chris Story.Leon is alright playable and can be quite fun exept for the Bosses.Chris is an Monster its all Shooting, Cutscenes and Locked Camera on ""Important Stuff"".Chris Personality takes such weird turns its just sad. Bosses? Dont worry the Snake Boss will keep you busy while you cry over how bad and scripted it is.Its ok if you want to shoot stuff and play with a buddy when you are both drunk otherwise please stay away far away play Revelations if you want Resident evil."
76561198074014200,Recommended,221040,10018149,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,rattlehead,good game but not a survival horror
,Recommended,221040,10640646,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Woh Mama!,Best in seriers.
,Recommended,221040,8674542,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,"""new ***** name""","Very underrated, me and my friend had a blast playing this together."
,Not Recommended,221040,20537721,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Khanage,I opened the game and it was just a black screen with no fixes on the Steam Community.
,Recommended,221040,18800108,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,gone,"Beautiful game! A good example of what you need to wash your hands before eating!Fear Ebola, take care of yourself."
,Not Recommended,221040,23589190,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,AlphaKennyWhere,Co-Op doesn't work. Don't buy this hallway simulator if you want to play with other people online for more than 5 minutes at a time.
,Recommended,221040,9505901,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,poopfart,"""This game is unfun. It has nothing to do with the series and it kills every last bit of survival horror left in this franchise! MERCENARIES ♥♥♥♥ING SUKCS!!!!!!!!!!!!!"" - The dweeb I brutally murdered for having a bad gaming opinion."
,Recommended,221040,26000540,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,BabySealClubber,0/10 Chris does not punch boulder to save Piers
,Not Recommended,221040,25078676,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,phanrisal,okay
,Recommended,221040,18058448,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Bringer of Darkness,RE 4 and RE 5 was so much better then this game but Leon Scott Kennedy is in this game. Its awesome.
76561198150825815,Recommended,221040,18991380,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,JulieTheBlue,It is freaking amazing!!Awesome graphicsReally cool storyDifferent shapes and perspectives (if you played it you know what I am talking about)cool charactersjust f**kingAMAZING!!THE FEEEEEEEEEEEELS!!!100/10
,Recommended,221040,11274955,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Chester ♥,"Leon's Story:Leon's story is definitely theHorror aspectof the game, by far. They give you that old Resident Evil feeling mixed in with the new genre Resident Evil 6 has. Through-out the game, you're gradually learning who your partner is, how she is, and what her purpose is. Mainly the objective changes as the story progress, which is an obvious need for Story Telling. However, Leon's story is pretty much the 'Kickstarter' for Resident Evil 6's story, obviously, I'm not saying this for everyone, but I think some people got the wrong idea that the whole game was going to be 'Horror Based' due to the fact that Leon's was horror, and it was the first story there!Chris's Story:Similar to Leon's, Chris's story is definitely the Kickstarter for the 'Real Action' aspect of the game. It starts off giving you the BSAA's perspective on the situation at hand. How once a legend, was so proudful & respectable, became this washed up, depressed person, and that person isChris Redfield. I like to relate this type of situation to ""Dead Rising 2: Off The Record."", getting back up on your feet & becoming something once more. Anyways, the story is filled with tons of Firefights, action, melee, things of that nature. Intense moments of trying to escape or save your partner, running out of ammo at the completely wrong times, hehe. Chris's story tells how your personal vengance may ruin your work-life and or relationships with others. Aside from Chris,Piers, I felt he was a very under-developed character that was therejustto get the story going with Chris. However, he did make a noble sacrifice in the story, how they♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you off so many times about Piers, how much regret you felt for taking him along, but Chris noticed his Loyalty & Boldness, and that's what makes aReal Soldier.Jake's Story:I absolutelyLOVEDJake's story! It was by far my favorite one. Jake Muller was highly developed & his character progression greatly touches my heart. I, personally am a fan of tough guys becoming more sensitive because they know their worth in the world, but wont admit it. Game-play wise, this story is another Action Aspect, which was fine by me, I focused mainly on the development of Sherry & Jake through-out this journey. But I gotta say, it's kinda your typical""You've been with me through hard times long enough, and now I think it's time to like each other!"", but I guess it's realistic in a way due to the fact that if someone saves your life numerous times within various months and those two have been through so much, it would make them care that way about each other.Ada's Story:Ada's story pretty much summarizes the entire game from her perspective & clears up anything you may have missed or was confused about, answers questions. It's a tale of watching your enemy slowly kill themselves as in reality, you are ultimately the better person & more responsible person. Even when playing as Ada, you learn new things about her, hear her say things you really wouldn't expect. It seems as if Ada is a quiet person that loves watching other's attempt in things, knowing in her head, she could probably do it better. Also, I never understood what that ""Agent"" guy was for, I know he's for Co-op, but it didn't make a lick of sense. They should have atleast made Ada's story;Single-Player-Only.Soundtrack:The soundtrack was a mix of the original Resident Evils & it had a taste of the animated movie soundtrack as well. I love it, although much of the music wasn't Horror(Not a bad thing!). It was more orchestral/action-based, intense running scenes fit well with this type of Music! My favorite was honestly ""08_Rasklapanje"", it plays when you first meet the Rasklapanje. Let's be honest, you die-hard Resident Evil fanshadto like that creature, it freaked me the ♥♥♥♥ out, especially the fact you're in a complex puzzle area when that soundtrack plays..Gameplay:The game-play wasn't your traditional 'Resident Evil' game, but it surely wasn't horrible like half the community said. This game has its own aspect of Resident Evil 4 & a modern shoulder shooter. In realistic terms, they're all trained professionals, they've been in deep♥♥♥♥♥♥for years, theyshouldbe able to run & gun in the game! I'm not sure if this was a glitch in the camera system or what, but sometimes in scripted events, it would change my camera angle even though it wasn't really a giant priority to change it. It seems like they didn't bother to change the direction of the character standing from Left to Right. Another thing as well, I know I'm going to get♥♥♥♥♥♥for this, but this would of been so cool to have, actually; different walking/running animations for each indivdual characters! It seems more realistic, but it would take so much more money to make that happen~Conclusion:Not your traditional-everyday-Resident Evil-game, but it's definitely worth a buy! It really introduces a new aspect of Resident Evil itself! I believe that newer generation Resident Evil games should be like Resident Evil 6 - Game-play wise. With very delightful characters you know & love, old friends come back, old references, the same old Virus as well, actually. Along with old stuff, they definitely have new stuff as well!10/10 ♥"
76561198321846969,Recommended,221040,25452045,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Xrexes Saviz,"This is just absoloutly amazing, I'm a huge fan of resident evil and i think capcom couldn't do better."
,Not Recommended,221040,29872158,Posted: 12 February,all,Medved,"Long time Resident Evil fan, but this game is garbage."
76561198095976930,Recommended,221040,25838035,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,former vigil servant.,i love the cheesy acting .
76561198029373218,Recommended,221040,18117659,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hideous Sidious,I've gone off the main game a bit with these Resident Evil things.Too much Left For Dead etc. It's a bit antisocial really teaming up with a max of 1 other person in RE.... 6 .... meh...That said there is much to admire about the Mercenaries 2 player add on. The No Mercy edition of which gives the most ardent RE shooter out there a challenge.7/10
76561198203764857,Recommended,221040,26492572,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,HRk1ng,"Игра  супер , всем советую поиграли с подругой и нам очень понравилось ... В первое время было весьма страшно , но потом игра так затянула что невозможно оторваться . В общем всем СОВЕТУЮ !"
76561198045816895,Not Recommended,221040,28518646,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jay Vzla,"Horrible, it makes me sad how capcom took a great saga and turned it into this TWD kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t insted of sticking to its roots which were what made these games so popular in the first place. If your are a true lover of RE (0, 1, 2, 3) dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is not survival horror anymore, this is a bunch of fools with a lot of luck getting into trouble for fun."
,Not Recommended,221040,14737286,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Deuce Caboose,"This game is among my top 3 least favorite games, along with The Hobbit for Gamecube, and The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer for Gameboy color. I bought two of these three games with the intention of having fun and engaging in some of my favorite story worlds. I think my great grandmother bought The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer for me, and I hope anyone who has that game acquired it in the same fashion. I beat these games so that I didn't feel that I was giving up.With that said, I really wanted Resident Evil 6 to be enjoyable. I liked the earlier entries to the series, with 2,3, and 5 being weaker links (5 especially). I kept up the grind, and when the game kept getting slow, I would find myself putting this game down for weeks on end, but resuming at some point because I wanted the game to be good. I would keep giving RE6 another shot because in my mind, it shouldn't be as bad as it is. but it is as bad as it is.The most enjoyable part about RE6 is the idea of RE6. The concept of having several parallel stories that you can choose from, stories that intertwine with eachother is central to RE6. This concept isn't new to the series, they toyed with it in RE2. And while I like seeing the other characters cameo in eachothers storylines, the storylines themselves are so ♥♥♥♥ing bad that the intertwining just smears one ♥♥♥♥♥♥ storyline into the next, like a giant poopy mess.Actually, the best part about RE6 is playing as the female lead, Helena Harper. They probably spent more time shaping her booty then they did writing the story. She may be a bland protagonist, but she doo got a booty.CONS: Everything (sans Helena's booty)"
,Recommended,221040,18474476,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Chambill,"Just finished the campaign today. And I believe I have some say on this game.The story is great, I'd give it 9/10. It's very interesting to play as different characters and get the pieces of story together. Quite some plot twists in the end.The gameplay is okish. It's more action focus than horror focused. The feel of the shooting is like other RE games.However, the control could be awkward with keyboard and mouse, for many places, you could see that this game was developed with a controller in mind. It get a little bit annoying some times at certain states of the game because of the awkward controls, you just die a lot.Replayability is 0 now, no one is playing co-op anymore. And there's no point earning all skill points in solo mode.I got it on sale, and I'd say for the price I got it, I had some great fun.Yes, I would recommend it."
,Not Recommended,221040,10787118,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Apostle The Fraud,"When you are in the last throes of your life, and your body is riddled with cancer, you lay there in bed contemplating all of the things you have ever done in life. All of the wrong doings you regret, all of the relationships you never got to form. Just waiting  for the abyss to take you into nothingness, and the only thing that slips into your mind before you fade away is, why on earth did I let Capcom swindle me out of twelve dollars during the steam sale of 2013 for Resident Evil Six."
76561197993757728,Not Recommended,221040,7907021,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,instigator,"RE4 was the pinnacle of RE games, RE5 was fun but had too many negative elements to make it a classic, Capcom decided to take all the horrible elements of RE5 and make a whole game out of them. Quick time events are the bane of RE games at this point, the story line they try to carry over from various RE games is uninteresting even to die hard RE fans, but the constant cut-scene interruption is the worst. Long cut-scene, walk 2 feet, press spacebar, another long cut scene. The co-op is fun but not enough to justify buying this game, total reboot required on this franchise.Also single player game is even shorter then RE5, think like 8 hours, but there is no re-playability after that unlike RE5 because of the above mentioned issues, so to get any kind of bang for your buck wait for a mega discount."
76561198036282039,Not Recommended,221040,9439410,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,steel,worst resident evil so far
,Not Recommended,221040,18349954,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Capitalist Pig,Worst RE game ever.
76561198000083738,Not Recommended,221040,8758458,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ice cream depression,"RESIDENT EVIL 6 SUCKSfirst major problem would be the camera, you are in third person with no adjustment whatsoever and most of the game you are in annoying tight halls which makes it very frustrating to shoot enemiespauseing the game when nobody is with you, the game will still move on, so when your binding keys or tuning volume you will get attacked by enemiespeople can join your game as an enemy and prevent you from finishing your gamesaving would be another problem, when you are at the last part of the boss and you die you have to start all over againboss fights should have health meters on themonce you choose your character for a campain you cant switch between chris and peers every chapterthe shop in re5 has been replaced by a crappy point shop that you have to complete like all 20 chapters of 4 characters in order to get anything good to notice a change in your gameplayyou should be notified by a limb that is shaded in with a thermal image so you would know not to shoot them therethis game is not replayable at any stateyou have to pay for survival modewe cant upgrade our guns or get any different assault rifles with different stats such as replacing a ak47 with a m16it would have been nice in order to have a variety of costumes or be able to take control of your npc partnernow this is an improvement from RE5 but is still not worthy of a purchaseif you want a real horror game i suggest you buy dead space 3i still like that capcom puts alot of effort into making varieties of enemies though,i give this game a 2/10"
76561198023588258,Not Recommended,221040,10056462,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Xeno,"This game sucks like♥♥♥♥♥♥on toast.  It takes multiple head shots to kill a zombie now, kicks are more effective but that requires you to get up close.  If you see a zombie laying on the ground you can't shoot it, you have to walk up to it and wait for it to jump you before you can do anything about it.  Those annoying mini games where you have to push the right button at the right time are everywhere, even for something as simple as turning an ignition key or pushing a zombie off you and that zombie only managed to get on top of you because when you emptied your clip into its face while it was sitting in a chair it did nothing so you had to walk up to it and let it attack you.  The controls are terrible and counter intuitive but I guess that's pretty much how all the resident evils have been.  Other than the graphics I can't think of a single thing I liked about this game."
76561198050624218,Not Recommended,221040,9905600,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,BillyBozarth,Bad game. Worst Resident Evil ever. If you like past Resident Evils you probably wont like this one.
,Not Recommended,221040,8829416,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Seacapp,Controls are bad on this game and there isn't a manual for PC... How could they had let this thing out.
76561198120441693,Not Recommended,221040,9013687,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,GBA DAYS,"the game has poor controls and a terrible story line, Do not buy this game"
76561197967810130,Not Recommended,221040,16572429,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,HungryHippo,"Played for twenty minutes composed 95% of cutscenes, on-rails walking, and quick-time-events.  The brief shooting portion was interrupted twice by cutscenes.  Decided to take a break.  When I loaded the game again, I found that it had not saved my progress.  Upon researching, it seems I did not hit a ""save point"" and I have no idea when a ""save point"" might occur.  Some people mention that save points occur at 30-90 minute intervals.  It may be a great game, but I can't commit to playing for an indefinite period of time in order to find out, especially if the tutorial gameplay is representative of the rest of the game.On the plus side, this is a superior PC port compared to RE4/5.  Gameplay-wise, they've updated the wheelchair-based control scheme to allow for moving sideways and melee is no longer tied to quick-time-events.I will update this review once I can set aside enough time to maybe hit a save point."
,Not Recommended,221040,16985859,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,DeadlyDoRight,This has to be one of the crappiest games to ever make it on the market.How this managed to bypass quality conrtol is beyond me.The controls and save point system is terrible.Moving your character about in this game is extremely awkward.Remapping the keyboard controls is an exercise in aggravation.The other games in the RE series is not as bad as this as far as thisgoes.This is something that might be better on an xbox than a pc.As a pc game this should be consigned to the toilet.After trying to get thru the beginning part I decided to give upthis game entirely.The beginning list of credits shown should have been left out.It should be an option for the player to see who did what in themaking of this game which is really irrrelevant anyway.If I want to know who the lead programmer was then that should be ina separate section of the game available to those who want toaccess that info.Also the cut scenes at the beginning were way too long to sitthru.If the developers were simply trying to make another animatedfilm in the RE series then I could understand.But damn this is a game not a dramatic film.Cut out the poignant scenes and get to the game.After this I'm going back to the Revelations series and stick withthat.It's too bad that I can't get a refund for this as I had purchased this2 years ago and back then there was absolutely no refund policywhatsoever.
76561198105770213,Not Recommended,221040,20281363,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,hollomansa,"This game sucks so much. I bought it new for XBOX 360 when it came out and, just like Dead Island, I got rid of it immediately.Unlike Dead Island the PC version in the future is no better.Are you running in a precarious situation? Gasp as the computer takes control of the camera and tries to kill you by making you look at some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t set piece.Do you like to feel uncomfortable and claustrophobic? The FOV is that of a concussed duckling, requiring constant and bizarre corrections to do things like pick up ammo, and accidentally climb a ladder while trying to pick up ammo.If you want to interact with a breakable piece of the environment while trying to kick an enemy, RE6 is the game of your dream. The stupid camera design, and scrunched FOV, really shine when you get autocamera'd into kicking a crate while trying to melee your way out of a desperate struggle and can't cancel the glacial animation.To cap off this hot♥♥♥♥♥♥mess, a patch has made it so some users have audio play independently of video during cutscenes, ruining what could have been a bright spot for this crunchy snoozer.I'm not sure but it looks like some enemies are still immune to damage while in their ""react-to-being-shot"" animation.4/10, will wait for Capcom to Tomb Raider 2013 this soup sandwich of a franchise."
76561197978856645,Not Recommended,221040,10945791,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[UKUS]GRANDAD-DARE - F,burn the progammers !!!!!!! Let them Scream  in pain !!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,221040,9286471,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Predaboys,"Ok... Where to begin...RE4 is my all time video-game favourite. Like, to me, there is Resident Evil 4, and the video games. I was very disapointed with RE5. I did like it in coop, but the solo, no thanks. I said to myself, well, let's hope they haven't messed up RE6.I think it has been the very first time a story has upset me that much. Like Oh-my-god-upset-me! The characters, the cliché.com plot and situations, the pathetic characters, the American superhero, super strenght way... Please, just stop it, we don't care anymore.The game itself? Is it possible to make it graphically worst than its predecessor? Yes! Do you like QTEs? Do you like them so much that some game sequences can only be played with QTEs? Really? Sometimes, you don't even have to do a thing, just stay at some place, doing nothing, the game will do it for you, the AI, the script will help you for your uselessness, will reward you for doing nothing!And the worst, is that I really wanted to convince myself that the game had good things! No! I may admit, that it can sometimes be pleasant to play coop, sometimes, but that's it! We're talking Resident Evil here! Not a random generic Third Person Shooter!The only good thing that I liked, was the enemy design. That I must say it has surprised me, in a very good and pleasant way. That's it! I spent more than two month to complete the campaigns, I was like, please, it's RE, at least try to finish it man. I did, but I regret that I am not recommending a game from a RE franchise. But I must, developpers must learn why they failed!"
,Not Recommended,221040,13277441,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,HalfZombieMan,"Dear Capcom,Let me control my own God Damn camera in your shark sandwich game.Love,MY♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,221040,22643012,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Boltte,"Nice game -never played a Resident Evil (RE) game before and this is my firstI lied, I just remembered I played a bit of Revelations(just the very beginning of it) on the 3DS XL, but didn't like how it was played with the analogue and keypad to aim and shoot(it felt awkward) and stuff so I sold that game and wait till I get get PC version of it and play that instead. I've watched the RE movies though, all of them. They were cool! I am awaiting for the next sequel movie!Long story short, Biohazard is the Japanese name for it over there and Resident Evil is the name that was chosen for the Americans in case people are wondering why there are two titles. When I first saw this, I though ""Oooh, do I get another free bonus game with RE 6 as well?"" And of course didn't find it (when I launched the game)and did some googling and yeah that's what it was...Ok, I don't know much history about the story of the RE game(So I'll have to play RE 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 to get the connections and story going, the game did mention Raccoon City and I think that's a game itself or could be apart of one of those numbers - so I'll need to play that sometime as well), and the movies I watched were from a few years ago too so if anything from the movies did have some sort of connection to the games, then I don't know/remember of. So I guess I'll start where RE 6 starts off at.There's zombie apacalypse going on, thanks to the new weapons man has design to *supposedly* take care of terrism and such. You start off with Leon and Helena (I think I spelt her name correctly). Helena got badly wounded and it's up to Leon to find something to fix that up. After that little scenario, you are brought to the main menu of the game, which is interesting as games usually bring you the main menu first before giving you a taste of the the game itself. When I first started, I thought I had to maybe complete the game before I could go to the menu and save and to not be able to take breaks. Hah.Well anyways, from there you can do some configurations and stuff and then play the campaigns. There are four campaigns, Leon, Chris, Jake and Ada. You will want to play through all of them to see what RE 6 has got to offer as a whole, just by playing one of the campaigns won't be enough as it'll feel too short. Even though there's four campaigns, they are not a sequel to one another but as played in their respective character's eyes of how they saw it. So if you've played it once through with Leon, that's pretty much it, or at least how it went with him. About six hours worth of gameplay. When playing Chris' campaign, you play it at exactly same time period but in Chris' eyes and how it happened for him, same with Jake and Ada's. So the four people will meet at one point or another during each other's campaign. So with that, an average gamer would play a day's worth of RE 6 if he were to play non-stop.In each of the four campaigns, you can play as one of the two characters, amking it a two player only coop or solo with a bot. In Leon, it's Leon and Helena, in Chris' it's Chris and Pierce, in jake's, it's Jake and Sherry(Or it could be spelt with a C) and apparently in Ada, it's Ada and some agent(otherwise you solo the entire game yourself with no help because when I did, there was no agent bot to help out). I found the gameplay enjoyable, save for those fustration puzzle(it's always that moment after you google the solution or a hint/tip and find out ""Wow....I'm so blind and dumb, how could I not see that??!"" - I've only done it once by the way and that was for Ada's campaign...) moments and boss moments where you're like (after using up all your bullets of every weapon you have) ""How the hell do I take this guy down??!"" hahahaThe controls were customizable(well some of them at least) so that's nice to know, though I was fine with the default values anyways. The grahics were nice too, though it appears to be capped at 120fps....despite my 144Hz monitor and display refresh rate was also set to 144 as well ingame. I also notice quite a bit of screen tearing(especially near the end of Jake's campaign) which shouldn't be happening because I am running on a higher refresh rate than the fps it was pumping out, so unless fraps was reporting an incorrect fps value, maybe I was going over 144fps whilst gaming? Though having V-Sync enabled appears to fix that, though I've already solo'd the entire game, all four campaigns with V-sync off(though I wanted it off as it would increas input lag which is a fact and it was already capped to 120 and my refresh rate is set to 144 anyways - so I suppose capping fps isn't really an alternative to fix screen tearing whilst also avoiding increased input lag)....but it still didn't bring to counter to 144 which is what it's supposed to sync to...must be internal engine fps limit or something...Audio appears to be stereo only, though a game like this, I reckon it would have benefit with a surround sound option....you know, zombies/enemies coming from the behind, or your sides....Voice overs were nice too and felt right as well.Yeah...oh yeah, you can also join-mid game too so you don't have to wait till they finish a chapter or a checkpoint. I had a few randoms join mine when I was soloing the game. Some of the addons you can't even solo which is shame because I wanted too to play them, so you'll need to get a group together and do that. Um yeah...I liked it so thumbs up from me!Some of the game parts are really really dark, espcially the Leon campaign so you'll want to play on a monitor that has excellent contrast or else you'll need to either turn down brightness/gamma(ingame or in your graphics control panel - or both) to the point where Black is Black and not Grey, but foregoing brightness when needed for the bright areas which will look darker and dull and not so wow factor or just put up with your crappy monitor and see Grey instead of nice deep Blacks that you're supposed to see. It's these things like this that break immersion....and unfortunately you can't buy CRTs anymore.....and they have superior contrast to the LCDs I'm using...=====================================================Played on ""The Beast""i7-3970x, 64GB RAM, 2x GTX 770s 4GB VRAM, WinXP x64 Pro, 4x SSDs, 2x HDDs, Rampage IV Extreme, X-Fi Titanium Fatal1ty Pro, custom water loop, 2x BD-drives, TJ07-BW, 850W PSU, and many fans! Resolution: 1920x1080"
,Recommended,221040,31384440,Posted: 26 April,all,AModeratelyIntellectualGamer,"Finally!A smart game, for smart gamers!9/11, would commit Mass RDM again""Check the logs!"" - That one guy"
,Recommended,221040,24898847,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,NyctoKento,"Compared to its predecessors, it's nowhere near as good. But as a game by itself, it's fine. It really gets on my nerves when my AI partner is an idiot, which is all the time, but at least they don't have HP like in RE4 or 5. You also get mercenaries mode right away instead of having to beat campaign like in previous games, so that's a plus.7/10"
,Recommended,221040,25781539,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,CauseYouWillHateYourselfInTheEnd,still looks like a giraffe getting blown by chick 5/10
,Recommended,221040,10480753,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Knexus,"This game got a LOT of hate from the Resident Evil community and I do get why.  If you look at it as a Resident Evil installment, then it is actually pretty bad.  It's about as far as you can get from the horror-survival roots that Resident Evil is known for.  It is by far more of an action oriented game at this point.  However, if you look at it as an action shooter, then it's really not that bad.  The controls can be awkward at times, especially with melee attacks and the camera can cause a lot of problem in certain areas, but beyond that, I have no real complaints.The co-op is what drew me in and kept me in.  Without the co-op, I doubt I would have put as much into the game as what I did.It's not a great game.  It's not a bad game.  It's a mediocre game that I enjoyed a lot of the time and as got very frustrated at times.  It's a game a lot of RE fans either love or hate."
,Recommended,221040,11195593,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,JerzeyBoyD,"Not as bad as people make it out to be. No it does not feel like a Resident Evil game because it does not feel like survival horror. However it feels like a Resident Evil movie, it is in that vein of action. High production values, interesting 3rd person controls that I guarantee will be copied soon enough and perfected. Not to mention a nice chunk of content. If you like 3rd person action games or enjoyed Resident Evil 5 this is a nice improvement on that formula. Just dont expect to be scared or feel nostalgic."
,Recommended,221040,7851938,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,snot,"i prefer this more than re5, the controlls are much better and i like how you can play different parts of the same story with each group of characters, also a wave based mode that includes the l4d2 characters and a workshop for more fun"
,Recommended,221040,8117576,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,AK47xHugley,Great game! Worth every penny.And it's even better if you get it on sale.
,Recommended,221040,8363573,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lewdwig fan Beefoven,"looking to play a resident evil game that feels like resident evil? you're out of luck, try the games made before RE4.looking to play an absolutely ridiculous over-the-top action game? you're IN luck, because this game should be treated as nothing butalso helena, sherry and ada are hot so that's a plusbetter than RE5/10"
76561198020536919,Recommended,221040,8707646,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Shansharpe,Found my love of  RE all over again...
76561198075969948,Recommended,221040,10875653,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Aerobic Ed,great 10/10 argghhh
76561198110610937,Recommended,221040,8109086,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Hochigana,This is a great game but not recomended for the faint of heart
,Recommended,221040,8370966,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ookamiii,"More then I waited! It's that simple. After playing RE5 I thought that RE6 coudn't give me anything new but I was tottaly wrong! Also, don't mind the people who says that this RE6 is the worse so far. Sure, it isn't the same scary game it was a tens of years ago but I find it really fun, interesting and full of new stuff! It's a deffinatly a must buy with all these price drops!"
76561198044112381,Recommended,221040,10328576,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,CursedEagle,"Best game ever!!! Started the game twice, first time enjoyed till tutorial part where you need to get the medicine from the van to the girl and second time killed the zombie from that van and went on streets with a lot of cars. Played 36 min in total, from which 25 min i was afk and 5 min stayed in settings. Recommend to the people who have stumps instead of the arms, since you wouldn't care about the controls."
76561198007796870,Recommended,221040,8694425,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,MEF RAWLINS,"Resident Evil 6 made me cream. Sorry, but I had to say it. Resident Evil 6 is everything I wanted before, and crammed into one huge game. You take on the roles of multiple characters, playing different stories. Your goals are different, but you all share one...survive. Get through a bioterrorism outbreak in China, and fight every B.O.W that comes your way. Solve puzzles, riddles, and mysteries about the incident at hand, and find the ultimate answer. The controls and feel of Resident Evil are reworked, for you now can run while shooting, jump backwards and land on your back, and take full control of your environment. Resident Evil 6 is definitely a ground shaker in the series, and I can't wait to see more. I give Resident Evil 6 a 10/10."
,Recommended,221040,23856251,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,๏DS๛DeathDarkGod of God,สนุกมากคับถึงจะมุมกล้องเนาก็เถอะ
76561198077422368,Recommended,221040,17902560,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Hmod990,لعبه جميله مره انصحكم فيها nice game :D
,Recommended,221040,8812383,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,C4rloS,"Very good game! Both on steam sale, and its worth it! Ok more arcade but love this game!"
,Recommended,221040,30092925,Posted: 21 February,all,EviLboy!,A good game! I like it
76561198147290561,Recommended,221040,11760742,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,captain_shippuden,i like to game
76561198015928649,Recommended,221040,11161425,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Master Chief 117,I Love This Game!! BUT! It does Not run Good at all on either of my laptops I just got a New Laptop and was Expecting it to run Great But it turns out it runs even worse on it then with my old laptop. My old laptop is a Acer AMD Radeon 1.6GHz 4Gb ram 200GB hard drive and my New Laptop is a Hp AMD Phenom II N620 Dual-Core processor 2.80GHz 4Gb Ram 300Gb Hard drive.It Is a Great Game i Recommend it on the Ps3 or Xbox 360.
76561197979053546,Not Recommended,221040,14747047,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,-TST- Wrath,I found this game pretty slugish and controlls were hard to grasp with mouse and keyboard.Resident evil 5 was much better which I owned on xbox 360.
76561198136899296,Recommended,221040,10865302,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[VI] Space Wolf,"I've been playing Resident Evil since the first one came out and RE6, in my opinion, is the best one so far.  There aren't a lot of cool puzzles like back in the day, but the non-stop action makes you forget all about that."
,Recommended,221040,24329931,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,wroter,It's at least better than RE5.
76561198059661007,Not Recommended,221040,15367765,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Dragonjay101,I like the melee combat and more mobile charactersBUT I HATE the dumbing down of the rpg elements that I really enjoyed in RE4/RE5.  I loved being able to upgrade my weapons and buy new weapons motivating me to find as much money as possible so I could make my character as bad♥♥♥♥♥as possible this RE6 just loses all of that and then just loses it's soul. Bottom line is I lose all motivation and that's really sad because I loved RE4/RE5.would reccommend if the game had more depth of gun customization and upgrades.Also way to many QTE cutscenes.NOTE FOR RE7: LESS QTE's / OVER THE TOP CINEMATICS and bring back an in game shop and gun upgrade system with multiple guns that I can chose for myself pretty much I want back RE4's Inventory/customizeation/shop system with the movement mechanics of RE6 then you could actually be in for a good game. I also like the idea that ammo actually counts for something and you should conserve it try to add that back into RE7.
,Recommended,221040,30030950,Posted: 19 February,all,Eleutheria,2 Wongs Don't make a Right
,Recommended,221040,31450506,Posted: 29 April,all,phil thomas katt,"what can say ? it is the ""REISDENT""S EVIL',,, you Shoot gun, blam the freaks and         STop Terror, across the world wide globe`,,, Dont stand a damn hell of a a Chance against my Shot Gun... dont look away, or you're Done for-ResidentEvilFanJerryNascar90210-check out my website...www.angelfire.com/marvelcomix311-""the love you have take is equal, th the love you tmake !"" - jhon lennon *(GIVE PEACE A CHANCE)*"
,Not Recommended,221040,29866783,Posted: 11 February,all,King Vegeta,"This game is basically B-Movie bad, in that if you play it alone it's terrible but if you play it co-op with a friend & laugh at how dumb & bad it is it's pretty good.Still, not good enough to recommend it.PROS-It's funny-Co-OpCONS-Story is Stupid, Bad & uninspired-Level Design is Linear, uninspired & makes no sense-Enemies are dumb & repetitive-Micro-Managing Inventory-Terrible & Generic Upgrade System-Bad but servicable Controls-It's basically a derpfestSTORYI don't even know where to begin explaining this, but I'll give it my best shot.The story starts off with Leon in China doing a tutorial intro mission with some lady who's just there... I forget her name, she's unmemorable as all hell. Anyways, she's injured, Leon heals her. Then they fly a Helicopter into a building, fail several QTE's & die to only try them again & then Leon says something & then the RE6 logo appears. You are then in a screen to choose between Leon's, Chris's, & Wesker Jr's Story. Each one of them is dumber than the last.So, as Leon, you go through some nonsense center of the earth place, fight some naked zombie chick grabbing her ♥♥♥♥♥ (Not a Trump Joke, she's literally just doing that) & when you kill her the lady partner cries & then you fight a giant fish later who's on an endless roller coaster ride to the center of the earth, then you come out of some lake somewhere & then you do something in China & really... I have no clue what else was happening because it's just a giant fuster-cluck. Leon eventually gets some SD card from Wesker Jr's girlfriend, & then he flies a plane somewhere, crashes & then idk... Kills some big dude with a claw hand? Then he goes back to Murica & talks with Hunnigan about something...Really, I have no idea wtf is going on in any story mode. It's just a derpfest designed for you to kill zombies over & over again.Chris' story is basically the exact same thing, exept he's all emo about something that happened 6 months ago where some guy died & now he's grieving about it by eating steak & drinking beer. That steak, tho. Best rendered steak in all of video games. It was rendered so nice they used it twice. Eventually, you get to this one area with a playground & you slide down the slide 100 times cause there's nothing better to do. Then, you go to China & drive a monster truck that dies constantly when it bumps into the slightest wall but can take 100 missles to the face. Later, you're in some lab & you fight the tentacle doom monster that supposedly is gonna take over the earth, you win & you go back to the bar & eat another steak.Finally, Wesker Jr's story is basically him being a bad ♥♥♥ Ninja orphan who's angry at Chris for killing his dad, even though he never knew his dad ever. He then learns his blood can cure this outbreak cause he's immune & charges $50 million dollars for it, but then settles for enough money for a tank of gas & a night with Super Girl.  Oh, and you fight Claw-man like 10 times.Oh, and apparantly Ada Wong is here but nothing is ever explained about anything regarding her story. Stuff happens, you see her hatching from an egg, then you never hear about it again.  You could probably play her missions to find out wtf is happening, but if it's anything like the other story missions it's just there so you can kill zombies.GAMEPLAY & FEATURESThe games controls are just servicable at best.  It's like it's trying to do a mixture of RE4/5 shooting with modern day mechanics but it doesn't do it very well.  Aiming with a scope is terrible because everyone has parkinsons, throwing multiple grenades is impossible because you switch back to your gun every throw, almost every puzzle is just a QTE segment where you hit X, single player mode is terrible because companions are idiots, boss fights are pointless because you waste all your ammo only to kill it in some dramatic cutscene, upgrades are dubbed down to the point where you think the game thinks you're a special needs child, inventory size is extremely limited & you constantly need to throw stuff away in order to maintain what you need, & you can't trade items with your partner, zombies have bullet proof armor now, but you as an elite field agent for the US government do not, QTE's are so frequent but so unexpected that you will die to them a lot, Bosses are basically ammo sponges, one character has healing powers that don't work when you play her, the main villain wants to destroy the world because ""reasons"", the world ends & then is magically fixed because it just is?  The game is just badly designed in almost every single way, but it's so bad it's hilarious seeing it fall on it's face at every given turn.  I honestly can't tell if the people who were behind this game were being serious or just really overdoing some kind of parody satire thing.OVERALLThis game is terrible but it's so bad it's funny as hell to just point & laugh at how bad it is. The story makes no god dam sense, the combat is dull & level design is terrible & linear as all hell. It's like this game was made by 12 year olds for 12 year olds. If you get it, get it on sale & get it with a friend so you can just ♥♥♥♥ around on Chris' slide for an hour, cause that's the best part in the whole game."
,Not Recommended,221040,30435973,Posted: 10 March,all,Softendo79 (KKK),"I've been a Resident Evil fan for not so long, so if you want to be seroius with this game, go to another review because i've only been a fan since Resident Evil revelations release on the 3DS. Graphics are nice, I enjoyed how the storylines all aligned together just nicely. But, I had a horrible time with the camera angles. When i 1st play'd this game I got the regular XBox release, but i decided to buy the biohazard edition on steam, and you get an additional story, playing Ada Wong herself!1st level they combined stealth within a horror game.... if you cant tell I didnt enjoy it, and you can easily get caught! I ended up switching to easy mode, and it was still hard.In the end, I dont think this is worth it, maybe it they lowered price down to 20, it would be okay, but my final score is.....4 Ada Wong nudes out of 10."
,Recommended,221040,24747821,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,|PWD| Maysin Pure,"dope, so much content for $8 ffs"
76561198108469911,Recommended,221040,24435255,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,vvpudding,The best game ever!!!  I love leon  !!I love Ada Wong  !!
,Recommended,221040,19916169,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Luawolfie,"Very fun in co-op, online recommended because the game has some weird split screen effect on local co-op. It has a silly story but it keeps you engaged and grossed out. You get to play 4ish different campaigns with different characters. Some parts are really frustrating and feel stupid but other than that I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,221040,25112642,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Maldevich,Idk why they change the next RE game (RE 7) into  other gameplay. Wanna try failure like PT maybe?
,Not Recommended,221040,24529795,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Grey Automaton,"I didn't read any reviews going in. But this game isn't good. The inventory management system actually pushes me to call this game bad. Even their herb/health management just sucked.Playing coop made it much more enjoyable, but part of that was laughing at each other when we died for ridiculous reasons (e.g. train, 5 times)."
,Recommended,221040,11284008,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,eriol33,"I have been long time resident evil fan since the start of the series although I've never been really good at them. I don't like RE 4 and 5 because I think they are uninteresting and when I bought RE 6 I was gambling my money because I have been disappointed with RE 4 and 5.Turned out my gamble paid very well. I found RE 6 as one of the best game I ever played and probably the best resident evil game to date. The game itself improved the system from 4 and 5. However, the best part of this game is the storytelling and how it is presented. When I played this game I felt like immersing into a non-stop action movie and felt myself as the protagonist.Strong characters are the main selling point of RE 6. I am captivated with the relationship among the characters. I found RE 4 had less likable cast such as Ashley, and in RE 5, Sheva was a nice character but she had less dynamics compared to Piers.I put this game on the top of my list and as good as Mass Effect 3 and Deus EX Human Reolution. This game makes everyone a hero.  Ignore all the harsh critics, and give this game a chance. I honestly cannot believe all the critics that said this game is worst game ever. Seriously guys, you need your brain checked. I agree with famitsu that this game is near-perfect.I'm glad I played this game during holiday because I lost my social life in the past several days. :)"
,Recommended,221040,15111836,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Umbra,"Quick ReviewLet's face it, Resident Evil has lost its step. It isn't the horror juggernaut it used to be. 4 and 5 made it clear that it was transitioning into a more action-esque genre which upset a lot of fans. So where does this put 6?RE6 is by no means an amazing game, nor is it the best Resident Evil game. However, for what it provides, it's a good game. The action combat feels refined with the ability to move while you aim and shoot. Gone are the days where you had to stand still to fire a gun. This certainly makes for better action gameplay. While the quick time events are more consistent in what they ask the player to press and when, the game unfortunately throws several more at you than 5. What about the narrative?Resident Evil 6's plot is still that silly B movie narrative that it's always had. It tries so hard to be serious and emotional, but follows so many expected tropes that it never hits the nail hard enough. However, it isn't a complete travesty and shouldn't be shunned completely.Overall Resident Evil 6 is a decent entry into the Resident Evil franchise. If you at least enjoyed 5, I'd reccommend picking 6 up, but only if it is on sale. This game is worth about $15 USD at most, and that's stretching it. If you didn't enjoy 5, you probably won't enjoy 6.7.5/10"
,Recommended,221040,11266689,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Joey StaXX,...I've forgotten what the sun looks like thanks to this edition of Resident Evil.16/10 Would recommend!
,Recommended,221040,24436066,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Arnero,very epic
,Recommended,221040,28086363,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Casual Guy,"This game isn't great, but it is underrated. It's got really solid shooting and fun mechanics. It plays better than RE5 did.Unfortunately this is all buried under a horrible schlock story and lackluster characters.If you are planning on playing alone, forget this game and get RE4 HD. If you've got a buddy or don't mind online then this game is pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,221040,33787539,Posted: 25 July,all,Simpleton,"While Resident Evil 5 was great with friends, this game can't even have a solid five minutes of fun with friends♥♥♥♥♥♥gameAlso story is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ who this Jake muller fella? pssh"
,Recommended,221040,2000002,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Land Where Sympathy is Air,"Despite all the hate this game received i still think it is a great game. Of course there is no more horror now, but what we have instead is a pretty cool action game with fun and somewhat addicting gameplay, interesting storyline, though too many QTE spoil the game and graphics could be a little bit better. Anyway i would recommend this game to anyone, especially if you are not familiar with RE series."
,Recommended,221040,24513587,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ravenedark,"Good thing. Being a fan of franchise for a long time always have waited for RE to become pure action. Less dull, more adrenaline. So far 6th installment is the most fast paced of them.Controls aren't the most smooth, but compared to those in 4th and 5th game they're better.Bad thing - multiplayer modes are mostly dead. Only mode you can get a chance of finding a game online is join up as monster to someone's game in Agent Hunt. For any other co-op/teamed mode you'll need to find people irl or on forums and communities."
,Not Recommended,221040,14667125,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Operation Northwoods,1
76561198030864773,Not Recommended,221040,22166002,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Bullidom,Terrible
,Recommended,221040,28502566,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,YaSura,"Another asian Walking Dead, but im not about sarcastic, game really good.Gonna pass all plot of this game, but im already tried first time and got enjoy"
,Recommended,221040,23774727,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Counter Breaker,"Is this a good Resident Evil game? No. Is it one of the most fun co-optional games ever made? Yes. Yes, it is."
,Recommended,221040,23829903,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,JohnSwagg,this game is hot!!!! I love it. and the Co-op is just amazing.
,Recommended,221040,28782071,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kane MSX.,Fun Very Good.
76561197984227835,Recommended,221040,10846010,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,onahandstand,best game ever
,Recommended,221040,23771729,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Allomaternal,"8/10Definitely a step ahead of all other RE's in terms of being action based but as for graphics and smooth gameplay, this game delivers."
,Not Recommended,221040,23788419,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Hitman,"Worst game ever in Resident Evil Franchise. Incomplete design, Game is not even close to Survival Horror. It's just a simple RPG game."
,Not Recommended,221040,28545489,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,rated,One of the most worst games I have ever played and a disgrace for the RE franchise. Whoever likes this game for whatever reason should be ashamed of himself.
,Not Recommended,221040,22385198,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Tomato Six,"I forgot how boring and stupid this game is. Resident Evil 6 is a survival horror game where you aren't really surviving and there is no horror. ""Survival"" mainly consists of simply running up and kicking zombies in the face to death. Unlike the good RE games you don't even have to be wary of the zombies anymore. They are no longer a threat that you have to work your way either around or through strategically. They are just something in your way from point A to point B that you simply shoot or kick your way through. What's the point?Through the entire start of Leon's campaign I didn't even have to use my gun once. The melee attacks basically give you the ""Press left mouse button to win"" option. After that, everything was easy. And boring. By the time I was done, I actually forgot why I was playing in the first place. I wasn't having fun or being challenged. The game just led me from one area to the next asking me to occasionally press a button or two along the way.Resident Evil 4 is my favorite game of all time, and everything it did right, this did so - so wrong! I wasn't crazy about Resident Evil 5, but it was at the very least enjoyable at times. Resident Evil 6 is just garbage."
,Not Recommended,221040,28627705,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rush Me Please,"Walk around till prompted to press SPACE = WIN. Shoot some enemies before they can react = WIN. You are not playing this game, this game is playing you. Well done CrAPCOM!"
,Not Recommended,221040,28574584,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Spliffman,"Do you like extremely long cutscenes, very little action time, terrible physics, inconsistent story, bad graphics, and terrible ui? then this game is for you."
76561198325265383,Not Recommended,221040,28138690,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,andrew.d.t.corrigan,no sound on this game and wouldnt even refund this game just like the steam prouducts we all no them for all i want is to spend my money on a game that works .... and if it dont for the company to refund it fist
,Not Recommended,221040,28703330,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[][Helios][],"Its full of button smashing rather than walking and shooting/running, and the story is confusing. I do not recommend this game"
76561198071465203,Recommended,221040,16878987,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Mr.HeeBee,it's a great game worth to buy it :)
76561198143823977,Recommended,221040,33455462,Posted: 11 July,all,Leon,"Really a great game, especially the character crossovers, which makes it an interesting game"
,Recommended,221040,33459984,Posted: 11 July,all,AaRoZ EzIo,It has campaigns that focus on survival horror and action. It's the best of both worlds in this 6th installment
,Recommended,221040,24729393,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,William J. Blazkowicz,"As a huge resident evil fan, I really appreciated 6. The plot was well written and kept me interested throughout play and has a great reunion of all the different characters from the other games. However what really kills this game for me and many others is the overcasualfied gameplay and barely managable inventory system. Some parts demand to shoot a lot of enemies requiring a lot of ammo and the inventory system in this game makes scenes like that unmanageable. I still would reccomend this game however because even with these flaws 6 still remains a great game."
76561198143794662,Recommended,221040,12572423,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,tenvion,"This game was actually fun to play, I don't know why there are so many people hating of it.  Try not to relate this game to previous RE games (in term of style), you will have much easier time to enjoy a good game.  Few things to complain though, there are too many chasing events, QTE, the control is somewhat awkward, and enermies (especially bosses) have no obvious weak spots or they are moving too fast to be shoot on... most of the time you just unload your bullets as fast as you can on the targets, and it gets boring very fast.  If this still happens in the next game, then the producers really have problems making great games."
,Recommended,221040,14980859,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Masshuum,"This is far better than Resident Evil 5 (and even 4 to an extent). It actually feels and plays more like a Resident Evil game. I honestly don't know why people mindlessly praise 5 but reject this one. At least be consistent. This game is nowhere as good as the classic Resident Evils but I think for the ""modern"" nonsense we had to suffer through this game does a lot of things decently.I think people were just fed up with Capcom in general and Resident Evil continuing to reject its roots so they rebelled against this title instead of 5.4 was a breath of fresh air (controls mainly), 5 was 4's decayed and infected breath, 6 is the rebirth of 4's formula while cleansing 5's problems. Confused? Yeah, just play the Resident Evil remake instead, can't go wrong there."
76561198077773591,Not Recommended,221040,34907096,Posted: 12 September,all,Experimental Food,"hmm.. i uninstalled after a few minutes ^^reason:- i dislike frequent use of timed-inputs (i only like them in dance-mat games)the intro-section/movie is not that good to justify the annoyance.generally: overuse of that within a movie results in not seeing that movie. crappy design.i want to play a game, i dont want the game to force-play me.maybe the rest of the game is awsome, but i am too old and too grumpy to tolerate that flaw at the very beginning.time for something completely different."
,Not Recommended,221040,11183021,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Syco54645,I generally do not rate games but being that Resident Evil is one of the few games that I still play figured I would give this one the review it deserves. This game is horrid. I really want to play it if only for the story but it may have completely killed the series for me. If I wanted to play gears of war I would have bought it...Headshots to zombies do absolutely nothing. I do like how the zombies show damage so kudos for that but needing 10 bullets to put down a zombie is just insane with so little ammo.If you enjoy RE 0-4 (maybe even 5) and CV keep your money...
,Not Recommended,221040,12079136,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,The Queg,"A serious contender for ""The Worst Thing I Have Ever Bought (and I even bought a kick in the balls once)"" competition.  Previous winners being ""Takedown: Brown Sabres"" (later disqualified for being ok after all) and ""Deus Ex: The Fail""The 'game' which i bought for it's coop, won't let you start a coop game until you have worked your way through a no skill required, long winded, slow and boring ""press space to start the next cut scene"" type thing. There are checkpoints you can restart at if you die, but no way to save your progress if you have to stop before the end of this prologue.I have made 6 attempts to get to the end of this easy no skill needed prologue, but I can't do it. Not because I lack the ability, but because the game crashes my pc in the most horrible way I have seen. First it turns the monitor off, then about 20 seconds later it causes a really horrible sound to continuously play until you realise the only way it can be stopped is by powering the pc down and restarting. Back to the beginning in another futile attempt.Avoid this like the plague."
76561198023141293,Recommended,221040,15835328,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Nachoguy5,A fairly on-rails third person shooter following in the footsteps of the previous two numbered shooters in the Resident Evil series. Much more restrictive and less intuitive than 4 at least (I didn't play 5)It has Troy Baker in it and at least the co-op survival is satisfying
,Recommended,221040,31488244,Posted: 1 May,all,Lubukill,"TL:DR: Great game to play with friends, interesting plot and good gameplay, hours of fun.After two runs and a half on this game, I can tell that I really enjoyed my time on it. I cannot tell about the single player experience however, because I haven't played the game alone, I always played it on coop, the only difference is that the guy accompanying you is a friend, and not an AI.The gameplay is really good to me, being a fan of QTEs, I really enjoyed it, it's fluid, the difficulty rises with the levels, and it keeps a great interest with the different characters having different ways to be played. You'll be sent through hours of epic action that would, according to ""purists"", not suit the saga of Resident Evil, well, no offense, and with all due respect, screw them. This game may not be Resident Evil 4, but if you want more of it, just play it, it's a new game with new mechanics, a new plot, and a new way of being played.Multiplayer modes also offer some versus modes that are interesting to play if you manage to gather enough people. It's not groundbreaking, but you'll be able to have so fun alltogether. Also, the possibility to accept players as special zombies is really fun and increases the difficulty at some points, if you're a tough player and get bored of slaughtering brainless meatpacks, you'll want to try this out.Really, I can't find any real trouble about the game, it's not the game of the year, far from it, but it'll provide you with hours of fun to play with a friend, and if you want challenge, difficulty levels will provide you some, with less than 0.2 seconds for a crucial QTE, and if you have a hard time with them, you can still use something to lower the difficulty of these."
,Not Recommended,221040,31834253,Posted: 18 May,all,Captain Jack Sparrow,"Worst RE series mates, they only focus on gameplay.10 out of 5 but yet , just buy it if u like RE series"
76561198092097083,Not Recommended,221040,11902060,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,User,"This game is garbage. Story and graphics? Fine. Great. Whatever. Controls and, most importantly, gameplay? Utter garbage. First off; QTE's. I don't like them, but I'm not one to jump on the bandwagon and instantly give a game a 0/10 if it has a couple of well designed QTE's. Unfortunately, RE6 is made up of almost entirely QTE's and cutscenes. No seriously, I have never played a game with more QTE's than this game right here. Also, let's talk about headshots. RE6 get's rid of them in favor of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t skillpoint system that essentially forces you to play each campaign multiple times in order to make your character not suck. I've heard the argument that if headshots did what they used to, the game would be too easy. That tells you a lot about the quality of the gameplay right there.I don't know what has caused Capcom to become so utterly disconnected from its fanbase, but this is a huge step in the wrong direction."
,Not Recommended,221040,12173038,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Ashmore [目隠しダ],"This game is just bad, it's not because it's not an ""Old School Resident Evil"", it's just because it's not a good game. So let me get this straight with the pros and cons:Pros:-Can be enjoyable in co-op.-Multiplayer Mercenaries is good.-Great cutscenes.-Long campaing (it's great if some people like them)-When you see the credit scroll and you know you won't touch this again.Cons:-The game treats you like an idiot, contextual actions and QTE everywhere. You can't even climb a ladder yourself, you press one button, the character climbs all the way up there himself.-Just Ada campaign is good, the others are worth jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ the thing is Ada campaign is great because it doesn't have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sequences like the three others campaign, but it's still not that good either.-Long as hell when like me you think it's bad.-Jake and Chris campaign feels like a generic third military person shooter, where you spend all your time shooting infected with guns.-Most important of all, the campaign aren't fun.Seriously, if you want good action/horror Resident Evil, you're better with Resident 4 on Gamecube/PS2 or the HD one  on Steam or with Resident Evil Revelations on 3DS/PC/PS360 WII U"
76561198014816257,Not Recommended,221040,12174705,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Capt. Stupid,Desparately unfun.  The game looks good and the story seems engaging but the gameplay itself is all button mashing and an incredbile clunky aiming system.  I enjoyed RE4 so much but this game tries too hard at the cinematic aspects of the game and left the actual gameplay to rot.  The camera angle makes judging distances hard and you cannot adjust the sensitivity of the camera when not aiming down with your shakey laser sight. You are going to die a lot before you figure out the best way to play the game if you play on any of the harder dificulties. I like how it doesnt just spoonfeed you how to play but it does not introduce the player to any of the mechanics till after you've already had to use them a bunch. 1/5
76561197973050440,Not Recommended,221040,9658236,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,dranicus,"Game is filled with bugs capcom needs to patch and stop turning people off from their PC products,"
76561198042767131,Not Recommended,221040,15902795,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Farlow,Mercenaries mode is fun. Most everything else is a mess.
,Not Recommended,221040,11582414,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sir Digby,"This game is a polished turd. No matter how shiny it seems, underneath ... it's still a turd, and this one has chunks of corn left in it.It is closer to the quality of the Resident evil live-action films than it is to RE4 or RE5.At best, this is a mediocre  shooter with a zombie skin. It attempts to cater to everyone but it fails to do anything well. Without the zombie skin, it is still not that great.It has its moments here and there, but generally this game has no atmosphere. It cares more about showing you the action that is going on, than it cares about the experience you'll have playing it.Tension never builds, but your frustration sure will.5.5/10.You'd be much better off putting your money towards Resident Evil Revelations."
,Not Recommended,221040,12111997,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Mexican Donald J. Trump,"The game sucks,can't skip cutscenes and generally boring -10/-10"
76561198052281124,Not Recommended,221040,12181747,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Killakittie,"Been a RE fan since it was released on Sega saturn back in the mid 90's ive played every RE game up until 4 beat every one of them 2 or 3 times and am very versed in the lore and cannon of the series. I recently picked up Revelations and actually enjoyed it so i though i would pick RE-6 up and give it a shot..Despite the negative reviews.What a mistake...it was'nt the story or lack there of that got me,or even the cheesy one liners or ridiculous action scenes. But the persistant and unrelenting button smashing sequences that plainly inviscerated my experience. 15min into the game i was mildly annoyed 2 hours into the game and i physically could'nt stand it anymore. There are sections in the game where you have to complete 4+ sequences in a row without making a single mistake or your character dies and you have to start the whole sequence over again!?!I'm uninstalling and waiting for the remake of RE1 to be released early in 2015."
76561198030471855,Not Recommended,221040,24672623,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Fright_Knight,"Very linear even though it is mission based there is little exploration, forced camera angles (sometimes doing it mid-combat), bad character control, no upgrading in any way, very limited inventory (no upgrades), repetitive enemies and campaign. Video game or Lame action movie? You decide. On the plus side things heads explode."
,Not Recommended,221040,8442396,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,PyroFuxd,"I am so mad that i spent the money on this game. IT SUCKS ROYALLY! The controls suck, the movement sucks, so far the game interaction, graphics, story, etc. It all sucks. Oh, zombie needs to be shot 5 times in the head. Your cross hair does not drift, but the red lazer moves around in the middle which throws me constantly. Zombie jumps on you and one time you have to hit spacebar, then the next it is pound a and d.  Come on!  What a waste!"
,Not Recommended,221040,11152466,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,mhmacleod,"Gave a bad review, got voted down a lot, went to play other RE games instead....Came back some years later, surprisingly Steam forgot my review, tried it again, giving my second review....It still sucks.Maybe it's because I prefer a more atmospheric, forgiving game like Revelations than an Action-focused one like this (believe me, this is way more Action than Horror). But this game more than any other RE game I've tried so far is unbelievably unforgiving and frustrating.I'll just list them in bullet points.Good- your partner AI is competent- the story is engaging- atmosphere is good, and very RE- lots of gameplay mechanics- Action (if you're into that)Bad- too much action: the pace is too fast and involves much more button mashing- camera + controls: the camera swings wildly alot if you're playing on a mouse. I put the sensitivity to 0 and it still swings around like a drunkard. Also moving backwards makes your character turn around in a small circle (unpredictably clockwise or anti-clockwise) which is realistic but very clumsy, and combined with the camera in tight spaces, that really made me sick.- darkness: the high dynamic range is excellent and atmospheric, but too much of the game is in pitch darkness, and too many zombies are hiding in it. I kept getting hit by zombies or losing sight of a zombie I knocked down due to the darkness + crazy swinging camera.- clumsy hit zones: I'd rush to a zombie to deliver a killing blow only for the indicator to not appear as I had to be still closer to trigger it, and sometimes a zombie would jump at me faster than my animation would trigger, which would trigger the infamous -- QTEs: the single biggest thing that was talked about in all those negative reviews. Too many QTEs, too easy to trigger, difficult to overcome. Do this, QTE. Break free, QTE again. Hit someone, try to hit again and miss. Get grabbed. QTE. Suddenly a train dashes at you. QT-oh you missed it. Die and repeat the last 5 minutes again.- Cutscenes: a lot of pausing in the action to force a cutscene on you, sometimes allowing enemies to get the jump on you while you're frozen there watching the whole thing. It breaks the flow of the game and often resets the camera making you confused when it ends.- No pausing to access options: VERY frustrating when you're just trying out controls or settings and got your sensitivity wrong or something and you can't switch.Overall, it's a frustrating experience. Maybe it might have helped if I had tweaked the controls properly (although I swear I already spent too much time doing so), but the experience as a whole did little to convince me to spend more time to do so.If you want horror-action, do yourself a favor and get Dead Space or any other RE game instead. There's a reason RE7 took so long to get started."
76561198032518546,Not Recommended,221040,27848812,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ratbastard,♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,221040,34411754,Posted: 22 August,all,Zanjiri,I'd rather RE Rev1&2 as a horror game but it's okay with good graphics and dificult gameplay. a shooter game not much horror.
76561198289450789,Not Recommended,221040,34481902,Posted: 25 August,all,Vroll,"Well,It isn't as good as what I think."
,Recommended,221040,22771442,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Luna Luck,"C-Virus Zombies and B.O.W.s - AlrightGlitches in one certain room on the ship - Uh, pretty weird that in all playthroughs for Chris / Piers, that one particular room seems to glitch out, otherwise that ship seems alright.Enemies that quick can suddenly one shot you or knock you down after a jump or just getting up - why? seems pretty badFinal bosses? -Chris/Piers probably has the most annoying boss to fight, Simmons is pretty tame once you shoot the weakpoints over and over againThe return of Sherry Birkin for the first time since Resident Evil 2 - YESBonus games - I'm alright with themWeird glitches - Not always ok but they do turn out pretty funnyOverall, it's not bad, might be worth buying on a sale with all the DLC though"
,Not Recommended,221040,11069024,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,LunaticLu,Can't pass the plane crash at the beggining. Its amazingly frustrating how annoying it is to see how bad this game sucks and how all the bad reviews about were right. I'm afraid I made the worst purchase of this year getting this game. Wouldnt recommended at all. It annoys me even more as I was really excited about playing it thinking it would be like RE4.
,Not Recommended,221040,30800495,Posted: 28 March,all,I QUIT GOODBYE EVERYONE.,"Gameplay sucks , mechanics are awful, cheap difficulty, story meh. it's okay, I guess.Control even with controller either keyboard sucks.Inventory system it's awful.U can't even dodge surprise attacks, camera and movement of it sucks aswell."
,Recommended,221040,18877321,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Cookie,It is a very good game however i wish it didnt rain ammo all the time it was better when you had to be careful with your ammo and health other than that it is great
76561198148033878,Recommended,221040,28002344,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[Boinky]-][v][3,i like this game too much
76561198094203045,Recommended,221040,33760762,Posted: 24 July,all,First&Only,A lot of mixed press about this game - i can understand why but at the same time i will disagree.The game series has been speeding up since RE4 and the new controls / gameply dynamic and style. So now you are faced with a game that includes a lot of running / sprinting and QTE button bashing at various stages. Quite similar to Uncharted i guess. The feel is similar to RE5 and the co-op is this games best feature for the campaigns - it just makes the game much better and smoother to play as the AI can leave you in a tight spot on occasion and cause frustration (but when does any game AI not do this?!)The 4 different campaigns add a nice element to the series - with each of the story paths intersecting at key stages. Watching the same cutscenes after 3 campaigns can become a little dry and this lets the game down here.For dedicated fans of the franchise this is worth playing - for those in two minds i would save your money and try the original or RE7 for the true experince of survival horror as it was intended. For those new to the series you may not notice anything either way except what you heard but if you like Uncharted/Gears of War etc type games this may indeed appeal to you.Buy if you liked RE5 - avoid if you are still stuck in the Spencer Estate
76561197974626025,Recommended,221040,7864693,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,GunGrave,Epic game!!!
,Recommended,221040,2995580,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Connex,"It's nowhere near as bad as all of the critics said... It's a great action game, just not a great Resident Evil. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,221040,7352382,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,blakdeth,"Resident Evil  is not nearly as bad as some have said, but it doesn't excel at anything either. Worth playing for RE fans."
76561198098124661,Recommended,221040,7375704,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Dreamer,"жесткая и страшная игра для 2х друзей, которые не спят по ночам и готовы ощутить страх и не нависть героев это увлекательной игры"
76561198089117348,Recommended,221040,7407678,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Тык-Тык-Бум,"Интересная часть всей серии, но отсутствует Хоррор, а так стоит поиграть. Всем советую."
,Recommended,221040,7448377,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Biron5k,"If you like performing wrestling moves on zombies after kicking them in the face, this is the game for you."
76561198040145109,Recommended,221040,7461705,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,RichardEpsilonHughes,"So, yeah, I paid ten dollars for this and got 30 hours out of it. I'm probably going to get more time out of it just from dickin' around in the Mercenaries mode. I recommend this game - maybe wait for a sale, but don't necessarily hold out for a $10 rock bottom sale."
,Recommended,221040,7468863,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Scary Duckies,"It's an ok game I guess. If you're expecting RE6 to be like RE1, then you should move along. I won't get into the details but overall it's a pretty decent game. There are 4 stories, each story has 2 characters to choose from, so there's a total of 7 character to play as, except Ada Wong's story. And also the online is pretty much dead already. Too bad though, cause I find the online co-op to be quite good."
,Recommended,221040,7567731,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,mdzapeer,"This game doesnt deserve the low scores it got, the game is really fun and worth playing. Just remember that you can dodge and do crazy actions with the space/""A"" button while aimng. If I had to give it a score it would be an solid 7.5 at the least. Give the game a chance and dont listen to the mainstream reviews."
,Recommended,221040,7760698,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ROCKMAN X,"So... lots of hate for this game, but if you liked RE 5 then this is an awesome improvement to the formula, zombies and Action! Super entertaining Story with multiple paths and endings, you can coop online or split screen, be a zombie and kill other players and theres also Mercenary mode for you to break records! This version also features exclusive L4D 2 characters to play as on Mercenary mode (very cool!)On the graphics side this has lots of options and also FOV (very welcome feature) still looks old but definetely better than RE revelations."
,Recommended,221040,7770747,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,DanDi,"So this is a rather straightforward sequel to RE5.  Graphically its much improved, if with a more bleak color palette.  Like 5, its music is less dynamic than 4's.  The story itself is typical action/horror movie fanfare with four perspectives; Leon & Helena, Jake & Sherry, Chris & Piers, and Ada, which follow the respective tones: ""Horror"" filled with references to the more traditional, almost survival horror games, Pursuit ""horror"", being perpetually chased and harassed, Some ♥♥♥♥ed kind of mish-mash of emulating modern cover shooters and RE5, And actually feeling similar to traditional RE games.  Overall a satisfying greasy fast food burger of a story, if you go in not expecting much, you'll be happy.There is some redemption in the gameplay and consequently The Mercenaries mode.  The gameplay is less horror and more action themed in general, with dodge moves, invincibility frames, quickened reloading, and a perk system to choose upgrades from.  Melee combat has been refined and advanced, making things like a run through mercenaries without firing a bullet very possible.  The character selection is also comparable to that of RE5, with an added cameo of the cast from L4D2.  Yup.  Your friends can call you Coach here, too.Overall, not bad.  Get it on the cheap."
,Recommended,221040,7881447,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Shabadoo,"Hi Everybody,Resident Evil 6 (or RE6) is a pretty cool addition to the Resident Evil series. It has several different stories you can play through, one for each of the main characters from past Resident Evil games. Please use Google to find out exactly which characters are in it. Not only is the story mode full of really great missions with classic resident evil style combat and puzzles but you can play through the missions online with a friend or stranger.RE6 includes some other gameplay modes too like a timed challenge where you fight zombies until the clock stops (similar to the timed mode they had in RE5, but with way more gameplay features).Conclusion:  If you are a fan of Resident Evil then this game is a GREAT addition. If you aren't a fan of the series yet then this games a great place to start, especially since you will learn all the characters. I give RE6 a 9/10 and value it at about 25$."
,Recommended,221040,7882512,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,H2O,"Despite how this game campaign is too far cheesy and michael bay ""ignite everything just because it can"" mess.The mode that might worth your time and money might be on the side dish. Mercenaries mode is  argueably the main reason you might want to buy this game. It's intense , violence , surprisingly deep and just fun to play with your friend (go for no mercy mode for more chaotic fun). controls may seem a bit clunky and need sometime to get used to but when you are able to understand about concept of it you will have fun.To buy or not? it's nothing you have to spend money right away. wait for sales and you might have something that able to keep you and your friend busy for a week."
76561197975680395,Recommended,221040,7925195,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Shark[]=,"Many people says this game is not good. I think this game is good and I like it very much such as RE4 and RE5. The game is not short. There are four campaigns. For each campaign you can choose a different personagem. For example, I am playng as Chris Redfield - third campaign - but I could to choose Piers. The game is the same but with a better graphic than RE4 and RE5. The entire campaign was made in way to connect the heroes near the end.Muitas pessoas dizem que este jogo não é bom. Eu acho que o jogo é bom e eu gosto dele muito assim como o RE4 e RE5. O jogo não é curto. Existem quatro campanhas. Para cada capanha você pode escolher um personagem diferente. Por exemplo, eu estou jogando como Chris Redfield - terceira campainha -, mas eu poderia escolher Piers. O jogo é o mesmo, mas com um gráfico melhor do que RE4 e RE5. A campanha inteira foi feita de modo a conectar os heróis próximo ao final."
,Recommended,221040,8023970,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DanPlaysGames22,"Resident Evil 6.... This game seems to get a lot of Critisism from both new and hardcore Fans of the Franchise, and i just don't see why, the game is very well made, graphics look Great, story line is really well done and very Gripping, with multiple main characters branching off the story line, gameplay is fun yet Challenging, people say ""oh the game is too much action and no longer a suvival horror game"", these people couldent be further from the truth even if they tried, yes the franchise has added more action elements to it using ideas from hit TV shows such as, the Walking Dead, and other Zombie apocolypse settings, Yes Resident evil 6 does give u more ammo and far more weopen choices than previus alterations of the game, but if u are not smart it is still very easy to run out of ammo, and their are still a lot of slow subtle scares throughout the campaign, the best part of the game is when people online come into your game to either help you or become a terrifying infested being trying to kill you, the game has plenty of options and does still keep a little of what made the original Resident Evil as great as it was, i just think this game has been made to allow a much Broader Audience to enjoy the game, i think both new fans and old should try to atleast play the campaign once and try to enjoy it. In my oppinion it's a Great game and one of the longest and challenging Residents Evil's i have Ever Played!"
,Recommended,221040,8072897,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Andyman99999,"Pretty good game. Easy to follow storyline, great graphics, and awesome scenes. The only downside to the game is that the controls are pretty funky and it's difficult to improve them without using 3rd party software if one uses a mouse and keyboard."
,Recommended,221040,8146564,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Jdogg4eva,One of the most ambitious RESIDENT EVIL games out there!
76561198089068088,Recommended,221040,8152925,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dean Winchester,really really fun
,Recommended,221040,8176665,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ajinin,"This game diverges from the normal RE series with incorporating many new action orientated moves. This is the first game where you can freely, or almost anyway, dive, duck, and destroy your way through zombies. The story consists of 4 different plot lines that are inevitably tied together. This is done in a great manner and brings a solid understanding to the game as a whole. The low point of this game is the lack of customization. Many people love the fact that you can upgrade weapons and can choose from only one in a certain group; e.g. a 45 Colt vs a ""Dirty Harry"" type gun from the magnum collections; however, you are given only one type of magnum and you cannot upgrade it. I believe the developers were going for a newer feel for this game and getting rid of the weapons case fro past RE games but customization is integral to bringing something meaningful and unique to each player.They do however make up for the lack of customization, on the weapons side, by allowing you to pick your own badge (dogtag) for online pursuits. You can choose from a wide array of styles and can even choose a title and logo to go with it! This does help in some manner but if you're using the same exact weapons as everyone else and want to show off how you can complete the game with only a minimum level of handgun... well that's not an option :x."
,Recommended,221040,8215600,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Fun Times,Awesome!
,Recommended,221040,8290738,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,грустная концовка,"Good, very good!"
,Recommended,221040,8298315,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Digger318,"THis is not a real resident evil game, it's not scary at all, however, for a low price it is a lot of fun, I preordered it because of the Left 4 Dead content and for the free copy of resi 5 so i was happy. A lot better than resi 5.It is a lot of fun. but not a piece of art."
76561198013227967,Recommended,221040,8415860,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DreamPod9,"Only played for about an hour and a half. Had a few issues getting the game to optimize initially, had a few crashes at the start. But now it runs smoothly, love the game play, the ability to move AND shoot, no more static aiming! Which is a huge step for this series, but all in all the game makes me feel like if Michael Bayplosions had gotten his hands on the Resident Evil series movie wise. We'd at least have a dirty gem instead of the polished turd Paul Anderson forced down our throats just cause his wife needs work."
,Recommended,221040,7371660,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Iroka Hsia❤๑,Resident Evil 6 Complete Pack only 12.49USD! Special price only one day!我会说我想让你们买正版是来陪我玩吗！哼╭(╯^╰)╮
,Recommended,221040,7452651,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,StonedMagician,"All four campaigns combined last around thirty hours. And that's not including all the extras. Easily worth $40 if you like this kind of game, and also one of the most underrated games of the generation. Great graphics and creature design, rock-solid gameplay, and arguably the best storyline the series has yet seen.9/10"
,Recommended,221040,8344844,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BoboBo-Bo Bo-bobo,Pretty good
,Recommended,221040,8353874,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Woofie,"Personally i've been a fan of most resident evil games so it might be one sided ,I liked how they added move and shoot kinda weird how the camera moves with it in a sense... but good enoughControls are kind of lacking in the sense of to many buttons on 1 thing ( For keyboard mouse , has so much they could impliment for it )Its story/plot line is really unique and different , i enjoyed it because to practically complete the game you must spend at least 8+ hr for maybe 1 or 2 story lines .Some functions are great like melee anytime , but the other one for stamina might wanna be taken outif they work a little bit more on it and implimate newer things like the japanese voice For example , why only japan edition.I honestly had lots of fun in this so in my opinion it is worth the money"
76561198035378977,Recommended,221040,8354735,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dexter,Awesome game.
,Recommended,221040,8355544,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,L-,nice
,Recommended,221040,8361479,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Yigabar,Something something something...
,Recommended,221040,8366613,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hunk Cosmos,Love the franchise. Though no doubt people hate it because the game is not on the path they want it to be. I like how the characters interact with each other. Hope they would put more works on story ( give us some easter eggs and in depth suspicions). Might also want to improve more on gameplay as well (maybe a co-op combo combat moves). Too much quick time event on this one. Fix the camera too!
,Recommended,221040,8369721,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,yobra,I like it.
76561198042266037,Recommended,221040,8371313,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Butt-Toucher-McGee,"I bought this game when it came out on PS3 for 60 bucks day one. To be honest it may have been the worst game I bought full price. I got it on steam for much cheaper, but there are only two reasons that I did, Leon and the new mercenaries mode. I played through all four campaigns on the PS3 and the only one I got marginal enjoyment out of was Leon's campaign. Sure Chris's campaign has much better boss fights but the rest of it just isn't worth trudging through. I wouldn't reccomend this game if you are looking for great story, cause it is non-existent, but if you have a friend to play with you it can be lots of fun especially in mercenaries."
,Recommended,221040,8375322,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SirDeity,This is a very fun coop game. Get it and hit me up so we can play the campaigns!
76561198070320280,Recommended,221040,8385227,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,St3AltH,nice game...must play
,Recommended,221040,8388939,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,HoZelle  ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,ZAMBYS
76561198004686477,Recommended,221040,8388946,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nyuklehead,The critics were far too hard on this game.  It's certainly not perfect but I've been having a lot of fun with.  I have to admit that I hated it at first but once I really got the odd controls down it was addictive.  If you're in the mood for some good Resident Evil action this one is worth picking up.
,Recommended,221040,8393737,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,AngelHalo,"Resident Evil 6 is a tired franchise that attempts to please all, gain all, but achieves neither.  Sure it sold over 5 million, but it was 2 million short of its expected sales, and over half the players were far from pleased.  So what game is this?  Is this a survivor horror?  A third person shooter?  A Call of Duty or Gears of War (the irony!) wannabe?  It's clear that Capcom couldn't decide between wanting to please long time Resident Evil fans, such as myself, or if they wanted the big figures that all the other ""AAA"" titles have been shooting for, and failing for the most part.As for how I feel, it's a conflicted relationship.  On one hand, I knew what I was getting myself into and I welcomed it, only out of interest that Capcom would try to stretch the boundaries of what Resident Evil was comfortable at, but then again, I found myself disappointed by the storyline and how they had basically shoe-horned some elements in, like the ""family"", Helena (though I really dig her suit~), and how Chris' campaign is more or less a generic military shooter for the first half (it DOES get better though, but it's easily the worse of the four).  Leon's campaign brings the zombies back, but you are so impowered, there is hardly any tension during gameplay.  Not bad though.  Jake's campaign was a lot of fun, and it's nice to see the siblings of two antagonists work together, to sort of fix the sins of their fathers, so to speak.  The best campaign is Ada's, because it's single player.  No co-op partner.  Just breath in the atmosphere, actually do some puzzles (brain dead simple, but hey, there are puzzles), and not have to have someone talking all the time with you.  Sure, her campaign does have a co-op option, but thankfully it is completely optional.  I wouldn't mind if the whole game just focused on Ada where it's single player, with co-op strictly as an option, not a full integration of the main game.Anyway, game play wise, it is definitely the most controllable and technical Resident Evil to date, but it seems to be meant for a third person shooter, and NOT a survivor horror game.  Graphics looks great, music's fine, yadayada, oh and the PC version is the best version, bar none.  While Resident Evil 4 and 5's PC ports weren't very good, 6 is that definitive PC Resident Evil experience... just minus the Resident Evil we grew up with.  Times had changed, but not for the better... Oh well, at least we got a badass PC version that controls amazingly well.I can only recommend this for hardcore Resident Evil fans.  New comers may want to trend onto Resident Evil Revelations or 4 or any of the earlier games instead, but then again, that is if you can adapt to the tank controls.  So old-school tank controls with awkward camera angles, or great controls at the expense of the Resident Evil name and experience.  Pick your poison.  :P  Either way, if you must play Resident Evil 6, the PC version is the way to go, so THAT I recommend."
76561197999961583,Recommended,221040,8406536,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,R1pp3r,Good game for playing with your buddy. Kinda like playing a good action movie.
,Recommended,221040,8412411,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Jobear,I got the game only to play the mod for Left 4 Dead and i was not disappointed :DThe mechanics however is a little bit werid to get use to in the beginning but over all very fun. Play with friends is a must
,Recommended,221040,8764369,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Solo シ,"I can't recommend this game as a Resident Evil game, but I can recommend it as an action game. Some camera issues, bugs, bad story telling and boss design... but overall the game was fun and shooting things is always fun.I'd say it's worth picking up and playing when it's on sale. It's a long long game though and some parts with the quick time events are frustrating. Too bad not many people play it now and agent hunt as well as finding partners to play with is somewhat difficult."
76561197975687969,Recommended,221040,8766575,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Myrddin Oklovap,Epic
76561198116356371,Recommended,221040,8796587,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Kapeesh,"i would recommend this game as i love all the resident evils, they cant do no wrong in my eyes"
,Recommended,221040,8819442,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,java,should be renamed........ B.O Hazard
76561197971829072,Recommended,221040,8848643,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,mandenmoris,"Ok from the beginning this game feels and plays more like call of duty that should be call ""Resident Evil 6 Modern warfare"" or ""Resident evil Rambo Edition"" i mean where is the tension? the horror? there is non of it in this game. If the game name RE wouldnt be there it should be ok but..♥♥♥♥♥♥is there.Most of the stuff from RE 4 and 5 five is here with some elements from Dead Space but its not enought. Dont take me wrong its a fun game but theres better options out there.6/10."
76561198104322676,Recommended,221040,9087551,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,davidrichardjr,Great game except for long start up time and the fact that there isnt a shop or currency like in 4 and 5
76561198009553210,Recommended,221040,9209777,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,urDaddie,"I did not have high hopes for this game when I first heard about it and how there were going to be multiple story lines; I was expecting something a long the lines of ""Halo 2"". However, the game did not jump between story lines just to focus on a timeline. Rather, it focused on the development of the characters you were playing and to top it off the story for each character was done really well. The characters do have overlapping segments but don't really hang out together too much, as expected. But all in all, this game was amazing and surprised me with its quality of gaming and story/character development; felt like a real 'RE' game."
76561198066824499,Recommended,221040,7430790,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,FOX.GrayFox,Best Resident Evil series of all time!
76561197995311520,Recommended,221040,7447455,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,ViceWaypointStaff,Despite it's flaws. This game does not work.
,Recommended,221040,7593728,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Geekin,This game suprised me. I'm not a big horror/suspense genre guy but I really loved this game and I only played the single player. The whole game can be played co-op which would make an already fun game even better.
,Recommended,221040,8470467,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,AJ (Team),A great game to waste time on killing stuff!!!
,Recommended,221040,8473490,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Hansonwey,"As a biohazard fun, I think it's worth playing, though not amazing."
76561198066408623,Recommended,221040,8484256,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Afvegaleiðir,Love it... If u love resident evil then theres nothing to it :)
,Recommended,221040,8518018,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Marvelous Bacon,"I'd recommend this if and when it's under $10. Certainly not a great game, but enjoyable. Leon's campaign is the best and the closest to the traditional RE style. Multiplayer is a wash however. If you liked RE4/5 and theres a good sale for this, pick it up."
76561198053182521,Recommended,221040,8550820,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Temp501,not bad for a pc port but some controls can be awkward at times. best played with friends
76561198116973869,Recommended,221040,8554335,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,jacquirob1234,Brilliant i love it. Better with a controller. Love the game and reminds me of the 4th a bit.
,Recommended,221040,8848147,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,PetesGames,great game
,Recommended,221040,9014527,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Keynash,Guys get this already too much fun.
76561198084667164,Recommended,221040,9075457,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The HIV Virus,Its a great game with good graphics but needs more players in multiplayer
76561198011542233,Recommended,221040,9098165,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Lukas,Don't pick this up if your expecting a classic RE game. Do pick this up if you want a stupid action shooter game that wraps up the series in an acceptable way.
,Recommended,221040,9284555,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,๖ۣۜDПД216,"Actually a fun game.I haven't played a resident evil game since re4 and i bought this game simply because of the l4d feature. But after playing a few hours with a buddy of mine in co-op, i think im gonna play the entire game. Heres whyMost re games feature a UI that i have never been a fan off. I dont like the menus, i dont like the layouts, and its always felt like a jrpg was trying to infect the game(pun intended). This has always turned me off of re games but usually i fought through it because of the story and how intense the gameplay felt. This is no different. Many people complain about how fast ou need to react to certain QTE's, but i feel ike that makes it more realistic. In real life, you would NOT have 10 seconds to react to something. You have a split second. And even though they change up the means of breaking the attacks saving yourself, they stick to very few options, and usually you have enough time to react. The times you do not do not take more than one try to figure out what it is you need to do and when, so i dont think this takes away fromt he gameplay at all. If anything, it adds to the immersion.Speaking of immersion, the cut scenes are incredible. The scene in the beginning of leons campaign with the helicopter? Not going to give anything away, but MAN! As for the ambulance that many people have brought up, well, its sucks, but its a mninor moment and dying only sets you back about 30 seconds, and if you cant figure out where to be after one or two times you should probably start plaing Animal Crossing and leave these kinds of games for the grown ups.The other thing im looking forward to, even though i havent gotten there yet, is the replay factor. Every RE game i have played i have replayed several times over. I cant wait to start this again with all my OP weapons and just breeze through it. RE games, like the movies, are just about entertainment and NOTHING else. They will not win best game just like the movies wil not win best film. But they are very entertaining and well worth the money, especially if you pck this up on sale.And on another note, although i havent had the pleasure of playing the L$D crossover yet, this has to be one of the things ive been most excited about in video games. I loved old RE, and i loved both L4D's, and mixing the two seems like a match made in heaven.I would reccomend this game to anyone but i would also STRONGLY reccomend playing this with a friend. The amount of time you have to react is VERY realistic and a lot of times you wil find yourself needing your partners help."
,Recommended,221040,9301556,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Musiea,"Awesome story, but the BSAA storyline could use some improvements.Mercenaries mode requires lots of skills to actually ""win"", but the Mercenaries No Mercy mode proves to be enjoyable and not as difficult, compared to the Mercenaries. Highly recommended."
76561198084370009,Recommended,221040,9326529,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Nox Dominus,"It was fun. There was a lot of action but lacked the ""horror"" that resident evil 4 had."
,Recommended,221040,7383081,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,The Black Pigeon,"Resident Evil 6 is an ambitious product. So much that it actually hurts the game instead of helping it. While the shift away from the clunky horror trappings of the 90's and the melting pot of plotlines may leave a sour taste in your mouth, the refined gunplay and more competitively balanced Mercenaries modes are still worth a look."
,Recommended,221040,8517160,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,-[Chaeyoung]-,แหล่มเป็ด
,Recommended,221040,8529857,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SwagFairy,Awesome horror survival. best to be played in co-op with friends!
,Recommended,221040,8550178,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Chugach3DGuy,"I've been a die hard fan of the Resident Evil franchise since I played the first game on my first-gen Playstation back in the '90s. This game, RE6, is visually amazing. The intricately detailed environments are astounding and just what most would expect from a Resident Evil game. Unfortunately, the good news ends there. What I originally liked about Resident Evil games (especially RE1 through RE3) was the fact that the game involved doing things beyond shooting zombies and creatures. You had to solve puzzles and think things through. You had to hold items in your inventory and form up plans on how to get past the next barrier. I find it sad to see this element hollowed out and all but gone from these current games. I mean, come on: punch in the 3 numbers  to open the proper door? Find the 3 keys in a maze with regenerating critters constantly chasing you? This has all been done and we've played through games like that already. Don't make it boring! There is so much focus on pure action now, and I think the game is ruined by this. Don't get me wrong- I love action, but when its nonstop it gets tired and predictable. And boring. Because now its just like most other ""hurry up and shoot it quick"" games out there.So while devoted fans might enjoy this game that looks and sounds fantastic, the story and gameplay make this just another 3rd person shooter. I hope Capcom can get back on track with this franchise."
76561198115412576,Recommended,221040,8557358,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,GoodTalentt,VERY fun with friends
,Recommended,221040,8566564,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Crash,"This game I personally think is brilliant, what I will say is that if you're looking for a scary survival zombie game with a blast from the past thing like RE 1 or 2 (or what ever your preference is) then stay away from this, or if you're wanting an Action zombie game that's actually generally fun to play then you've found the right game.The Campaign on this game is a blast to play, especially if you play with a friend, you can even play with random people you find in lobbys or that join your game and still have fun, you don't need to worry about the AI companion being potentially ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or having to take your bullet resources like in RE5 as in RE6 your companion can not die and doesn't have a limited ammo source.There's also an Agent hunt mode in which you can join a players campaign game (providing they allowed the option) and play as one of the zombies in an attempt to kill them, a mode I like to call ""Campaign ruining"" lol.The only real downside to RE6 on the PC is the odd fact that no body seems to exist on the multiplayer vs mode lobbys and it's a real shame as they're quite a bit of fun to play, it doesn't matter too much at least as you can always just do the Mercanaries mode and someone should hopefully join, it's the same thing as with RE5 with it's score attack but potentially more fun what with the bit of L4D2 content inside.Incase you don't feel like playing online with randoms for any given reason, you can also do the campaign and mercenaries mode on split-screen co-op, one person can even use the keyboard and mouse while a friend uses a pad."
76561197969832754,Recommended,221040,8567534,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DaveRM,"Fun game, interesting story , UI took a little bit of getting used to , cause at first felt a bit out of function. but definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,221040,8572424,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Viscacha,"So most people think that Resident Evil is a horror game series.It stopped being horror in 4 (Besides the Regenerators)This game is about stabbing guys in the back with their own knife, dropping mines while sliding, doing backflip crossbow kicks, SHOOTING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S IN THE FACE.If you are on the fence about this game, buy it, but PLAY EVERYTHING AT LEAST ONCE! There is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of story content and a bunch of extra modes, Mercs being a great deal of fun, particually No Hope mode.Ada is over 40 years old by the way, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198091946596,Recommended,221040,8578252,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dante,Its fuqing epic this game *.* :3
76561198097609243,Recommended,221040,8587265,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,bucky barnes.,A+ for story. B+ for controls.
76561198073471639,Recommended,221040,8623521,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ripkotsu,Amazing story and co op and mercinaries makes this game even better
,Recommended,221040,8989923,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Major Mario,"Zombies, abominations, and rampant viruses. Many games have touched on those keywords, but CAPCOM's Resident Evil series has set the table for the zombie-killing survival horror genre. Since the first game, the series has strived to capture the struggle of surviving in zombie-infested mansions, cities, and laboratories with nothing but your wits and whatever weapon you manage to get your hands on. With an evil pharmaceutical company's creations running amok, it falls upon you to uncover their secrets and get out alive. Over time, the borders of the series have shifted and parted to suit the changing times, but as I've noted with Resident Evil 6, the newest addition to the series, the core has remained the same.Resident Evil 6 is the creation of fusing the fourth and fifth game together while keeping aesthetics of the first three games scattered about in select scenarios like trudging through a dying, infested city or escaping from a seemingly invincible foe. Taking place a few years after the events of the previous game, the world is on the brink of another bioterrorism catastrophe, and it's up to a handful of distinguished individuals to put a stop to it, all the while bringing the masterminds to justice. Returning to the fight are four original fan favorites: Leon S. Kennedy, Chris Redfield, Sherry Birkin, who is a grown woman at this time and Jake Muller's partner, and Ada Wong, who stars in her own campaign as she did in RE4's Separate Ways campaign. All characters are joined by new partners to assist them in their campaigns, of which are four divided into five chapters each.A few words of warning: the main game's campaign is much longer than 4 and 5's story. Each chapter can take up to an average of an hour and a half of your time, and a campaign can take up about half of your day, even if you're the speedrunner type. It's a good thing that the campaigns are varied, else those hours spent would be unbearable.Leon's campaign is a callback to the days of Resident Evil 2. Although Leon is joined by Helena Harper, a regretful woman armed two powerful weapons, there is no safety in this. The campaign guides the player through many dark and eerie locations that keep them tense and alert, and the zombies faced by Leon and Helena are soupped up to match the times and advanced controls. It can be easy to be caught off guard and overwhelmed by the varieties of zombies, but they can be quickly dispatched with a calm mind and a quick trigger finger. For those wanting survival horror, Leon's chapter delivers.That said, the opening sequence can leave the player baffled at the abruptness of the situation. The President is a zombie, the surrounding city is infected, and a cathedral owned by the big bad villain is supposed to hold all the answers. On top of that, the guilty Helena Harper is tight-lipped and doesn't explain herself to Leon until the end of the second chapter. On multiple occasions the agent asks for exposition or reasons to which Helena waves her hand, choosing to jeopardize what little trust there is between each other for the sake of theatrical deliverance at the right moment.And let's not forget to mention Simmons, the villain whom the players must fight four times before he finally dies. Granted, the boss fights take place in spectacular arenas and there's enough ammunition to force the next sequence, but the sheer tenacity of the villain weighing against the exasperation of both the players and the characters themselves leaves a bad taste. If Leon's campaign was a filling dinner, the ending with Simmons was a sour tart that took too long to finish.Chris's campaign is more of what RE5 offered, that being survival action rather than survival horror. With the army of BSAA troops at Chris's back and Piers Nivans, a talented sniper, at his side, the campaign transitions into a third-person shooter play style where cover is much more important, especially against enemies who use firearms. There are no zombies for the Arklay Mansion survivor to fight. Instead there are the J'avo, which are humanoid enemies like the Ganado and Majini from the previous games. The difference with the J'avo is that they are able to mutate body parts in response to getting shot, which can result in a variety of enemy types that force the player to change tactics.CAPCOM had tried to appeal to the Call of Duty fans with the Chris campaign, but in doing so they lost some appeal to the fans of the RE series. The campaign focuses too much on action and throws enemy after enemy at you without giving the ammunition or health needed to tackle them at times. Another gripe with the campaign is the final level and its overuse of the camera. Typically the camera would be over the shoulder of the player, but in the final sequence the camera is unreliable as it focuses on a large BOW that players have no hope of destroying at the moment. To make matters worse, the controls follow the camera just as well as they did when the cameras changed in the first few games. This makes running from a foe or looking where you're going an unsavory challenge.Jake's campaign is hands-down the most varied of them all. Players are taken for a rollercoaster ride through urban warzones, avalanche-prone mountains, a deadly manor, burning streets and even an undersea research facility. The enemies are the J'avo and BOWs again, but while the player can dispatch them with ease, a new foe inspired by RE3's Nemesis chases the characters through all missions. Layered between the various fight and flight elements is the personality of the campaign's two characters, Jake and Sherry. They're personable enough for players to relate to and they're interesting and determined enough that one can't help but root for them. Not to mention the awkward yet adorable scenes between them... Other than a few unforgiving parts in the levels (snipers on an icy slope, for instance), Jake's campaign is exciting, rousing, and a hell of a lot of fun.And as per usual, Ada's campaign sets out to provide exposition and tie up loose ends left dangling during the three main campaigns. Her gameplay has many stealth elements, staying true to her character playing games behind the scenes. As she encounters all of the main characters in their campaigns, she also fights the various enemies in each campaign: zombies, J'avo, and BOWs. Beaten only by Jake's campaign, Ada's run is filled with variety and backstory, although trying to decipher a story by CAPCOM is a Herculean effort in itself.Yes, like most CAPCOM games the story is lacking. Here's a brief summary: It's a one-sided love story that results in a mad clone of Ada, the death of the President, and a Chinese Raccoon City. Given that the series loves to make its characters remark that every city with zombies reminds them of Raccoon, maybe CAPCOM just has a bad case of nostalgia that most fans have gotten over by now.RE6's controls are a far cry from the tank mechanics of the first few games. The heroes can perform mad dashes, move while aiming, physically attack on whim, and dodge attacks by rolling, ducking, and sliding with minimal effort. Adding to the formula is a new mechanic that allows you to counter an enemy's attack with one of your own, provided you have the reflexes to execute the counter. Cover, which was used in some places in RE4 and 5, can be taken anywhere. By pressing the aim button near a wall or object, a character can snap to the cover and peek out to shoot at hostiles. It's a gimmicky mechanic that needs more refinement, but other than that, the new controls are easy to get a hold of.If you're not griping about the story, then you must be having difficulty with the camera. In short, not bad, but not the best that CAPCOM has created. If you're going to try RE6 out, I'd recommend renting it before making the decision to buy it."
,Recommended,221040,9212329,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Captain Swazzle,best game ever holy ♥♥♥♥
76561197979744589,Recommended,221040,9252395,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Shimaru,"This game offers a lot of hours of play with its 4 campaigns, the mercenaries mode and other extra modes. The 4 campaigns are very different between them at playable level, moving from survival mode to more direct action."
,Recommended,221040,9259724,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,PAD-MAN,good game
76561198005594058,Recommended,221040,9268397,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,†[Kaori-Kaichou]†,Awesome story AWESOME CHARACTERS SUPER AWESOME GRAPHICS SUPER AWESOME MONSTER <33 hot girls ADA WONG!!!!
,Recommended,221040,9354985,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,TNinja [SM Party House],"While it's a shame Resident Evil doesn't go towards the survival horror direction anymore, this isn't by any means a bad game. It got a good co-op mode, and a good feel of character reunions, since the game plays in campaigns for different characters.It plays a lot like Resident Evil 5 in the term of Co-op. The change is that the partner AI can't die. So at least you won't lose because of AI stupidity.The game lenght can take good several hours to complete. There are four campaigns, and five chapters each one.You play as Leon/Helena, Chris/Piers, Jake/Sherry or Ada/Agent.The story reveals itself properly, and the difficulty scales slightly if you play the campaigns in order, as Ada's campaign throws in some mid-tier monsters pretty early in the game, and her story reveals a lot of mysteries behind the other three campaigns.The multiplayer mode is alright, though also weak. For the PC, the community is horrendeous small. It might be due to the huge gap between the release dates of consoles and PC.Now is this game good? I say ""yes""."
,Recommended,221040,25628602,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,palvarez73,Just like Call of Duty... but with guns and gum.
,Recommended,221040,4331007,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,☞ ﮔє√čα ☜,"One of the best games, great graphics progress, improved maneuverability against to RE5, you can play four stories in co-op for 2 players or single (just 1 story is single), the story is really awesome and just everything super,This game have just one mistake,have end... ;/ 10/10...."
,Recommended,221040,1446843,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,motherfax,*puts hand on bradens hand* doo doo DOo doo doo doo DEE DEE doo doo *rockets into space* *the end*
,Recommended,221040,365621,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,$panner [Adam]✔,"Im going to keep this short and simple: Hella fun, great with friends, slightly buggy but is managle, story is AWESOME!!!, MP is iffyRecommended!"
,Recommended,221040,4803969,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Frank West,Not like Resident Evil 4 but its still a good game to play.Its awesome i mean the new mods the exclusive PC content its just awesome!
,Recommended,221040,4989655,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,pgnator •(ㅅ)•,"I think I like RE6 better than RE5.  There is so much to do in this game and the campaigns are pretty long, in my opinion.  My favorite part of the game (probably) is Mercenaries No Mercy with the LFD2 cast!  The game is worth it if all you get it for is to play the raid mode.  Love it, get it!"
,Recommended,221040,24733109,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Walduchi,"Do like this game out of the Resident Evil series. Not the best out of the classics, but in my opinion it's much better than Resident Evil 5. I really like the Leon campaign in this game. It brings back old memories from Resident Evil 4."
,Recommended,221040,25054079,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Leon Awesome,Sherry... ♥♥♥♥ing Berkin...
76561198072930024,Recommended,221040,25039748,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,polygod,"Great game, very satisfying shooting experience, nice environmental design, tight progression dynamics, optimized for controller, tons of different game modes. I don't know what people are talking about regarding horror/survival component - the game is as ""horrory"" as all the other RE titles."
,Recommended,221040,24767577,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Zeyn,Play this in couch co-op! Super fun with a friend.The game does have some issues (like fighting the same boss over and over) but most of them are easy to ignore when you are playing split screen. I really wish more games still had split screen co-op like Resident Evil 6.
,Recommended,221040,12323412,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Dros Hyrozan,"Michael Bay's Resident Evil.Ada's rocking the james bond vibe, pretty much the only character that fits the all action transition intact, mostly because she's a total badass. Also Wesker is dead(spoiler for RE5) so all real tension is gone from the plot.Know what you're getting yourself into."
,Recommended,221040,28494309,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,fartacus,its  not resi 4 take it as it comes the co op is good
,Not Recommended,221040,14153477,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,GrD« Combo Breaker,"Terrible game, Terrible story, Terrible plot, Terrible voice acting, Terrible mechanics and interfacing."
,Recommended,221040,3392847,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Milk Chan,action: the videogame
76561197976840302,Recommended,221040,14506364,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Golgatha,zombie game. yay!
76561198035216326,Recommended,221040,4295079,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Zard,Played all resident evils and im glad i bought this picasso work the game itself is very fun and cool need to say more AWSOMENESS MUTCH? WAHT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?! BUY IT!
,Recommended,221040,5421592,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,KingXRay,"I pre-purchased it at the last 5 hours before release, it does worth it comes with free ""Digital Soundtrack and Artbook, a copy of Resident Evil 5, and also a Resident Evil 6 Season Pass"".Awesome that it also have Resident Evil 6 X Left 4 Dead 2 Mash Up! :D"
,Recommended,221040,14175571,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Scytale,"Resident Evil 6 is like Star Wars Episode 1-3.For a special target audience (and with special i mean ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥) it is a fantastic and entertaining game. It is just nothing like the Resident Evil series stood for. No Survival Horror. No ressource management, no dannger of getting killed anywhere at anytime, no serious and dark story, no authentic characters and story developement. It is just realy stupid in many, many cases. Even -the not so good but fun- RE5 did it better. RE6 can be fun to play, but even or especially Resident Evil 1 is just the better game, and that should capcom make to think why they are making worse RE games."
76561198010371974,Not Recommended,221040,14186141,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,cvblade,"They tried to keep the RE5 feel to it...and failed. Though it is longer then RE5 by a long shot with all the stories, its not as good. Not nearly as good.Go play 5, go play 4 if your alone. This one unless you get on a killer sale like I did, it isnt worth the money. Dont let my .3 hours spent fool you. I have played this extensivly but on console xbox 360. It gets its number in the series as its rating. 6/10"
76561198200196701,Not Recommended,221040,24208993,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Blood_Knight,"I cant play this game!!!!? Come on, I had to pay in discount and install it for 20 hours and all I get is a black screen??!!! Come on Steam, I had the requirements but u cant even give me what i pay for????"
76561198049062330,Recommended,221040,9387894,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Xindi,"Good fun, each of the stories are interesting and play differently. The AI is much improved over RE5, and no longer requires you to manage two inventories when playing solo."
76561197965725688,Recommended,221040,9404351,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,お前は,"Don't believe what critics say about this game. I came into this game hating it. When you realize that each character/campaign plays differently. You are basically getting about 6 different games for the price of one. Not all of the campaigns are my favorite style, but when you factor in how awesome Mercenaries is in this game. It alone is worth the price. Better than RE5 in Everyway. RE4 (The holy grail.) has a lot of things I love, but the controls are not as refined, and if you go back and play it you will feel how dated it is (Not talking about the remastered edition on steam. I do not own that.)."
,Recommended,221040,9414550,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,L0rd_Exodia,"Holy hell was it weird getting used to this game.  I actually had a discussion that Capcom dropped the ball on this game.  The button layout was strange.  The menus were confusing.  I almost gave up.  Funny thing happened.  I started to get the hang of the buttons and menus.  Once I did, I was hooked.  I am a person who prefers good single player story campaigns for certain games.  Here FYI there are 4 amazing stories that intertwine.  Do I recommend this.. Hell Yes, but be warned it has a steep learning curve if your using a keyboard/mouse as I did."
,Recommended,221040,7370945,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,LV-426 ALIEN,Jak dla mnie najlepsza gra i najtrudniejsza polecam jeszcze nie widzialem takiej gry ;););)  :):):)
76561198087991065,Recommended,221040,12334115,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,bobbygarcia21,Awesome Co-op.
,Recommended,221040,24199133,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Iggy,Keep goin
,Recommended,221040,23845588,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Castor Troy,It's not a bad game. It's not a good game. It's THE game.Believe that!
,Not Recommended,221040,24230228,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,D3STR0Y3R D4N,"how did all go so wrong, theres no horror or survival element in this game insted its run and gun all the way through with stupidly easy puzzles the game is so watered down, anyone looking for a true resident evil horror experince go buy resi4 by far the best 1 they made!"
,Not Recommended,221040,23634891,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Smudger687,"Clunky and unimaginative, I mean all the resident evil games were clunky but this just doesn't work. It's not a horror game, it's just frustrating. The story is as you would expect - tiresome. It's a strange mix of the Bourne identity and zombies, it really, really doesn't work. It's a chore to play. Do something more interesting and rewarding with your time, like slitting your wrists."
,Recommended,221040,23671378,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Gaby,"intalled the game at 1pm, played a little bit, look at the time and it's 2am. GG"
,Recommended,221040,23997420,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,El Negrino,Curbstomped a zombie so hard I decapitated him.Less buggy than the latest UFC game.10/10.
,Recommended,221040,17999867,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Roxɐs,JUST EPIC !
76561198026122767,Recommended,221040,22908869,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Miz,"Excellent CO-OP game.Be advised that the game was made entirely for co-op play, and so a lot of gameplay decisions are detrimental to a single-player playthrough. It's not bad, but sometimes annoying.ALOT of content is available here. You will get 60+ hours out of this easily if you take advantage of the multiplayer and co-op modes.People that rate this game negatively are of course basing their review off of it's value as a single-player experience.It's not worth full-value as a singleplayer game, but don't pass it up.  The singleplayer campaign has more variety than any Resident Evil ever. The campaign suffers from it's obvious co-op influenced design choices, but it still has some great gameplay moments.Basically, the steam community knew the value of this game a lot better than it was reviewed by the ""journalists.""VOX POPULI"
76561198237531746,Recommended,221040,19506921,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ezra,"I am sure the game is amazing, however I can't get it to work. I downloaded it, then got to the settings. After that a black screen and it says ""input not support"" I ununstalled and installed again and no settings this time just right to that black screen. Advice? I would still recommend it, because I believe if I could play it I woule LOVE it. :("
76561198028577649,Not Recommended,221040,22227590,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Boblackson34,stay away
76561198082133339,Not Recommended,221040,21844924,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Blackstar,One of the worst additions to the Resident Evil franchise.
,Recommended,221040,27488604,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,donald duck,10/10 frt
,Not Recommended,221040,28882308,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,bitkizzy,"Being a huge fan of Resident Evil (both movies and games) I decided to pick this game up and enjoy it's local co-op mode with my girlfriend. Although chapter 1 of the Leon campaign was fun, afterwards it seems as if I didn't have a co-op partner at all. Constant split ups with low ammounts of ammo and heavy numbers of zombies left us dying constantly on a normal difficulty simply because of these issues. I hope Reisdent Evil/Biohazard 7 will be better, because the entire game was being played alone, against a ton of zombies with 0 ammo all the time. I would normally reccomend this game for the story, as I would most RE games, but in this case, you are too busy dying to an infinite amount of zombies rather than actually playing along with the story. Not to mention, you rarely get a break. 3/10"
76561198030595884,Recommended,221040,15693219,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Prime_Zero,"One of the best Resident Evil games in my opinion!And you can quote that I said you can quote that if you like, sillyness aside. This game turned out to be so much more than what I thought. I know RE5 was a massive let down / failure, but this is nothing like 5. Its simply a great game fun game play, great story, nice unlockables, and lots of replay value. Its a huge must buy for RE fans! or any one who loves zombie games. Best of all is its awsome co-op play, you just have to love games that do a good job on co-op.The down side to this game is... its a bad port, some parts require you to have a xbox or game control. I found one scene imossible to do on the pc, as well as some vechiles impossible to accurately control with out a xbox/ game controller. Aside from that its a awsome awsome game but at those points if I had not had a xbox remote I don't think I could have completed that part of the game, but hey at this point if you don't have a xbox remote for pc gaming you should really go out and get one...."
,Not Recommended,221040,31638878,Posted: 8 May,all,Spongebraingame,Needs more boulder punching 0/10.
,Recommended,221040,31701090,Posted: 12 May,all,Chips Renfield,You won't last 5 minutes playing this game
,Recommended,221040,31638201,Posted: 8 May,all,K.A.R.Despair ,"Maybe the other was right about story and gameplay, in my opinion RE6 was a lot more fun than any other RE, i've played it in split screen or Multiplayer Online, with friends or even with other player and still got the fun, it's not that scary like the other Resident Evil game but think this like Action Game of Resident Evil, too many quick time event make this game not that easy, when it caught you off guard, you'll die.. 9/10 would kick B.O.W *ss again with chris and piers"
,Recommended,221040,20808079,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,PhillPhoenix,"Can't ever take out the image that the 6 logo looks like a giraffe man getting blown by a lady... hehehAll in all, a pretty awesome game, necessary for any Resident Evil fan. New moves, new control, now with stamina so you aren't a tireless killing machine. Darker and more pretty than RE5, a plot we all were waiting for, multiplayer evolved since RE5, but feels a bit more tiresome. Awesome game nonetheless"
,Recommended,221040,18760394,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ไม่ใส่ผัก!,Great co-op game! I like the connection of all story too. Hope RE7 will keep this two wonderful thing. 'v'b
76561198069084616,Recommended,221040,30341747,Posted: 5 March,all,Mozzy,great game
76561198059358921,Recommended,221040,18764145,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,hightime1011,Great game!
76561198331023657,Recommended,221040,33125650,Posted: 2 July,all,BrotherGoris,i like this game
76561198116254829,Recommended,221040,21641427,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Пiпетаilеdfбх,interesting
76561198012861441,Recommended,221040,22534499,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,soozi,"more of a shooter than a traditional RE game - but i loved it - great fun! i've played all the RE games and truly have enjoyed all of them (except the rails shooter one, in which i couldn't get past the first boss; and the one set on the train with 2 characters; i ended up stuck and not being able to continue) - anyway this was a hoot as long as you take it for what it is and don't expect RE1 glory days - :)"
,Recommended,221040,28663520,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Dadang Jebred,good game for fun
,Recommended,221040,28561807,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pulu-Pulu,Nice MovesNice QTENice StoryNice GirlNice GunNice Transformation'-'b
76561198022863317,Recommended,221040,28040290,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Cotton Modem,"After an underwhelming beginning, it stops pretending to be a horror game and becomes an enjoyable third-person shooter.They fixed the single-player co-op issues that RE5 faced, where your AI partner was an idiot who would waste all your ammo and die unless babysat. In RE6, your AI partner is an idiot with unlimited ammo who is also invincible.RE6 doesn't have much of what made the series great. What it does have is plenty of quick-time events and tedious boss fights. The overall presentation is strong, but the music is generic and the story is a bit rubbish.It's better than no Resident Evil."
,Recommended,221040,28514949,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Javier.-igh,"A very nostalgic game and very good when playing with friendsit´s a very good game, RECOMENDED 100%*¡Detras de ti imbecil!*"
76561198202473407,Recommended,221040,27151837,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,yxb3188,Nice Game!
,Recommended,221040,24350524,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Yūkan'na heishi,Nice multiplayer game. need much team work.. i like it!! ^_^
76561198136492414,Recommended,221040,24677522,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,white devil,"like the game very much, I recommend you to buy, but the game can not type."
76561198355753653,Recommended,221040,29216361,Posted: 12 January,all,LIGMING,good game
,Recommended,221040,28697360,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fatal_Cyde,Resident Evil 6 / Biohazard 6 is a GREAT game. You get 3 campains about 6-10 each which can clock in at around 25-30 gameplay the first playthrough. if you play again you can get more hours. I love this game i get the Resident Evil 4 vibe from this game. (One of the best games created) You should pick up this game on a sale so you save money and get a really outstanding game. Good job Capcom
,Recommended,221040,22260135,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,fernando,Good
76561198089314065,Recommended,221040,25104505,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Firefoxmax,This game is the biggest piece of garbage in existenceBut damn is it fun.
,Not Recommended,221040,27367124,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bread crumb avenger,probably the only resident evil game where playing alone is a♥♥♥♥♥♥experienceco-op is stellar thoughur agenda in this ultra realistic zombie simulation will involve karate chopping the undead and staring at breasts8/10
76561198051245201,Not Recommended,221040,20455017,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Squish,"An OK game of its own but♥♥♥♥♥♥is it a terrible RE game. I do belive its a step up from RE5 simply because at the very least they tried to include oldschool zombie campaign but then you have to deal with mutated grasshoper-men ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.People get a lot of flame for critizicing it for being a bad RE game because they had EXPECTATIONS as FANS. I did too and i dont think anybody should be blamed for that : the sole reasons that drove me to buy those games came from my expiiences in previous games. Nobody would ever ♥♥♥♥♥ if RE5 and RE6 were released under another title (which would never happen because they needed the publicity that this franchise had generated to make sales)I damn the developers for the whole ""appeal to the wider audience"" thing.That goes to show how little they care about making a good game and remain true to their style in favor of making a game that sells better (disregarding what their main consumer base might think).A solid Biohazard expirience would sell too."
76561198322329831,Recommended,221040,29936540,Posted: 14 February,all,RouTe,cool
76561198147907107,Recommended,221040,19889098,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,matthewcahoon44,"Is a good geem, 87/10 would maybe play again kinda"
76561198175963597,Recommended,221040,20652745,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,chico714,anybody know how to change the sensitivity in game? cant find it
,Recommended,221040,27971365,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,jiritjirit,good game
,Recommended,221040,23619104,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Leviathon,The six looks like a giraffe being succed by a grill.Otherwise it's a fun game
,Not Recommended,221040,21577188,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,The Senate,Completely unsatisfying in every possible way.
,Not Recommended,221040,26451828,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,junkmail22,"Dear reader,If you are looking for an incredibly fun Resident Evil game, look no further than Resident Evil 5! Seriously, if you try to go for Resident Evil 6, you will be just as disappointed as I am. The camera angles will make you jump off ledges while running from explosions and helicoperts (honestly, who made this game and why did they think they should get Michael Bay involved?) Resident Evil 5 may not have introduced the badass that is Albert Wesker but they nailed the badassary which the previous games couldn't quite get down. Spoiler Altert! They killed him off.With possibly the greatest villain in the Resident Evil series killed off, what do they do? Come up with some strange reason for Wesker to have a son who is far weaker than his father but still acts like a character from Devil May Cry. Although you can go fisticuffs on these ""zombies,"" when you really need the ammo, it's not there (you can't even pick up their guns!) and when you're trying to melee these ""zombies"" they shoot the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and drop your health, which then makes you oh so much weaker.Yes, when you really need your inherited badassary, you become a little ♥♥♥♥♥ who can only sweep the leg as a melee attack. I don't even know how such a slow kick can hurt them but they stumble. And then recover from getting hit faster than you can recover from attacking which then leads to you getting shot more.I will not be purchasing another Resident Evil game after this atrocity because I bought this on sale for $8 and I still feel ripped off.P.S. Leon needs to leave the series. What is with you people liking these worthless emo kids in shows and video games (I'm talking about you, Daryl from The Walking Dead). Kill him off, leave the story Chris Redfield and bring the games back to their former glory of Resident Evil 1 - 5 (yes I know Leon was in quite a few of the other games in the series).All in all, I'd give this game 1 out of 10 RPGs to the face because ♥♥♥♥ allies who shoot you repeatedly with RPG-7s from the comfort of their helicopters!"
,Recommended,221040,23823616,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MR.NANON,This is the best one of Resident Evil series. There are so many changing.I like that we can know main story line in another side.I can played whoever i want and also have fun with friend.Mostly i die in action scene LOL but for sure overall i like it.
,Recommended,221040,23685767,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Crylingriver,nice！！！！！！！
,Recommended,221040,23723857,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,akasakasobarna,long story .. that what makes this game awesome
76561198035389025,Recommended,221040,4309683,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Pacostar,"Pese a lo que digan la mayoria de foro este juego lo vale, y mucho. Genial historia, carismaticos personajes y extras que te matendran enganchado al ordenador unas largas horas."
,Recommended,221040,11470567,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Dominant Chris,I consider this a complete downgraded version of Resident Evil 5 except the fact you can move and shoot and do fancy combat rolls. However it is still enjoyable if you have someone to play through the campaign with solo just feels like a chore. Multiplayer is barely active
,Recommended,221040,17820730,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Geese Is Leese,not exactly the best RE game but its still playable at least
,Recommended,221040,1841904,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Maeron Nassor,"This is not a survival horror game, this is a action game. You play through three campaigns and once you finished those, you unlock another campaign. Each campaign will take you roughly five or six hours, depends mostly on your difficulty level. Plus there is also a New Game + setting after you finished the whole campaign. And there is also Mercenary mode and some other modes.  So the game should keep you busy for a while. Now, Ive been a Resident evil fan ever since I played the first two resident evil games. This game is nothing like that all, there is no horror to speak of, and the tension of  running  out of ammo is also gone. But does that make the game bad? Nope. Even though you do get a lot of quick time events, I really enjoyed the game. Especially the bosses, those were awesome, and they will take some time to take down.So here are in my opinion the best bits about Resident evil 6+Awesome bosses+ Co-op is fun+Long campaign, plus a New Game+ mode is always nice.+Skill points which you can collect and spend+Mercenary mode is still awesome, also the new modes included are fun.+The the graphics of the game looks greatAnd here some things I didn't like about Resident Evil 6- Lots of quick time events, after a while its gets tiring- No horror to speak of- The story is nothing special, it do hit some high points, but overall, I didn't like it much-Some cheap deaths, you can't avoid unless you know the exact spots where suppose to be."
76561198085971951,Recommended,221040,11477634,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Ruin N Gaun,"This is actually not a bad game. Resident Evil 6 is actually fun to play as a coop action game. Enemy design is cool and Leon campaign is one of the most memorable campaign. And hey, the story of this game is really cool."
,Not Recommended,221040,24499398,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SundownKid,"I thought Resident Evil 5 was lackluster, but it's 24 karat gold compared to this game. It feels like it had a massive budget, and yet whoever designed it was clearly out of their mind.Not content to make it a basic action/horror game, they decided to add such fun things as: exploration through boring, hard to navigate areas with a terrible camera angle. Annoying stealth sections and tacked-on racing sequences that wil instakill you if you mess up, retaining an over the shoulder camera angle that makes it impossible to steer despite the fact that you're piloting a vehicle. Jump scares. Zombies that don't die after falling 40,000 feet. People that don't die after falling 100 feet. Vehicles coming from behind that will instakill you with no warning. And that's just in the first part of the game!Meanwhile, they added a dumb skill point system that forces you to run around collecting gigantic chess pieces to gain combat abilities and power, ruining any sort of suspenseful mood that might be in the game and breaking the suspension of disbelief.The thing is, I really like Resident Evil 4's action because I was never a horror fan, but I can appreciate a slow paced and strategic game that requires exploration. But this game totally throws the strengths of the Resident Evil series out the window and completely hinges on the series' weaknesses, it is now no different from every other mediocre third person shooter with linear levels.I got it because I had a friend willing to play it with, and it's fun in that regard, but if you want to play it alone, don't do it unless you're desperate."
76561198281756135,Recommended,221040,32268637,Posted: 8 June,all,Salt Lord,Four CampaignsLeon's Quest to get shot for Ada AGAINChris's PTSD JourneyJake and Sherry and a unsatisfying endingAda and her Imaginary Friend  save the world ft Everyone and their mother.
,Recommended,221040,32896426,Posted: 27 June,all,Psych,Story Rich . Action nice graphic
,Recommended,221040,19857242,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,anewest,The best game ever ♥♥♥♥ing made
,Not Recommended,221040,22175944,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Resident Evil 6 review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 17 hours to finish on ""Amateur""Played multiplayer? NoWorth revisiting? No, unfortunately just another run-of-the-mill action shooterBest part – The shooting mechanics are solid enough, if you like RE4> more than RE3< go for it.Worst part – Not a Resident Evil game, should really just be called Generic Action Shooter 6 instead"
76561198239493574,Recommended,221040,33128031,Posted: 2 July,all,FUCK ME OUTSIDE ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°,"A good action game, a bad horror game"
,Recommended,221040,28524404,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,METAL_BoY,this game is good. but i think its need to improve those gameplay. its so glitchy
,Not Recommended,221040,28521798,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dr. Freeman,Worst Resident Evil I have ever played.
,Recommended,221040,12104065,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,lowlifeR,like skyrim with guns
,Recommended,221040,13658355,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,✪۞۞۞۞۞ ۞F۞O۞X۞X۞Y۞۞✪,great game. nice storyline
76561198049260692,Recommended,221040,15601447,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Kez,"This game franchise is so far removed from it's core design it should be considered sacrilege.But I did enjoy the game, this just goes balls out with well, everything."
76561198049945266,Not Recommended,221040,20744258,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,ZombieKef,"Not having much fun at all so far.Past RE games began with a build-up of tension, then the story was gradually revealed. RE1 and 2, and RE4 spring to mind. Whereas RE6 begins with a mindless action film intro that isn't scary, just frustrating, in the middle of a confusing story; then jumps back in time to the middle of an earlier part of the confusing story, leaving you none the wiser (since now you're with someone you seem to have never met before). Instead of pulling you in it just leaves you not caring. This was just the first of many annoyances. When a game keeps drawing attention to its mechanics and flaws, that isn't a good start.The story is full of stupidities and bizarre motivations and character inconsistencies. Monsters are carrying people on top, you’re meant to save them. You pump clips of machine gun fire into them – the monster is killed, the person unscratched. … Church people won’t let you in, saying there are too many monsters – so they ring the bells and summon more??? Then you get in, realise it is just glass windows the monsters could easily break in through (but they don’t). … A character wants revenge – decides on poetic justice tied to a virus, since they have access to bioweapons. What would you do? Inject your enemy with a virus that is painful, makes them a weak monster and kills them, but only after they’ve suffered? Not in RE6. Instead they  inject their enemy with a virus that makes them a super-powerful being that seems indestructible and will go on a rampage killing people, innocents, friends, and probably the injector themselves, with more power than ever before – right. Nothing to do with character motivations, everything to do with the designers wanting you to have multiple fights with the cartoon villain. … Oh, Leon and Helena climb a rope using their arms, but leaving their legs stuck out in frog positions – I’ve never seen anyone do that, a ridiculous method of climbing a rope. … Again and again two people do synchronised dives and jumps from explosion – too much action movie mindlessness. … Chris forgot the term bio weapons – even though he’d spent most of his adult life dealing with them. ... One character had a flashback, where I gained a new weapon – then the flashback ended and I still had the gun. Yes, in RE6 you can gain new weapons from memories.Oh, how I groaned at the ridiculous chances. Every time I’d go through doorway or across a bridge it seemed to collapse, forcing me to go another way. … I crashed a plane in another country – and the person I saw across the world just passed me on a train. … I throw my enemy off a skyscraper, they happen to land exactly on a spike (and they blood forms the Umbrella pattern).You can no longer save at typewriters (or wherever you want). Instead we have a flawed checkpoint system. It isn't explained properly, and when you quit it warns you about losing progress, but doesn't give you any helpful information about when progress was last saved. So you have to try and remember back to the last time a small icon popped up on screen that meant it was saved (rather than just a mid-save checkpoint). And they are often really far apart. One time I'd played for ages, had to leave, quit - came back later, and found I'd been reset to an area from way before that I'd have to play again. So frustrating.Controls! There's no Steam manual. The in-game tutorial misses out most of the key controls (inventory, melee and so on), so the beginning is even more confusing and you may have to look for help online. Controls, especially for QTEs, are not explained well. … Often they're unnecessarily inconsistent, e.g. sometimes you open doors with A sometimes, with B (they could have just stuck to A, interact - it could still have been a requirement for your partner, even though it's stupid that your character is sometimes too scared to open a door unless their friend is stood next to them). … The tutorial tells you to press (Y) for the inventory. Later I did that, saw a first aid spray, but the only option was to discard it, not use it; It turns out you have to access it with the D pad instead - not explained in the game. … There's a weird drift to the gamepad (at least on my PC) that I haven't come across in any other game. Every few seconds the view starts drifting to the left and slowly rotates. It feels like I am controlling a shopping trolley with a wonky wheel. The same happens in the inventory screen.The game seems to take place all at night (or maybe that’s just the gamma). You often see less of what's going on than even in earlier RE games. Tight environments, a view from behind (partially blocked by the character), darkness: it just feels like you die because of the view, not lack of skill.Cliches. You pass bodies that do nothing (even if you shoot them in the head) until you examine something with your back to them, then they all come to life. … Kill a boss, and they return in a “surprise” scene later, tougher. Repeat. Repeat. Then you kill it and assume it is really dead (even though you seemed to do hardly any damage) and walk away – duh! It wasn’t a surprise the third time it reappeared, why would it be a surprise the fourth?A new aspect - every room has bodies on the floor. Even though I can see them and would step over them, you highly-trained character insists on tripping up over every single one. Then there is a 50% chance that nothing happens, 50% that it grabs you for a QTE. Oh joy.It is so much more gamey than earlier games. Enemies and crates actually drop ""skill points"". WTF? Also I have no idea how to use them. I looked through menus, found a way of equipping skills but not buying any. I've now completed a chapter and still haven't come across a shop or whatever to spend them in. (Found out later – it only shows you if you complete a chapter and continue, not if you quit the game at that point – also it is available in a sub-menu when you quit out of the game.)Bodies dissolve. Even Doom did better.I never play online multiplayer (it would make it even less scary), but have to turn that default option off every time I continue my game, it doesn’t remember your preference; like it is nagging you to use the options the developers are pushing.Emotions just ring hollow and twee; the dialogue is generally pretty bad. Tradition maybe, but still…Ridiculous chest-thump recoveries. You’re on the floor, wounded. How does your partner help? They thump you on the chest. Suddenly you can stand again. What? Is there a reset button there or something?People who like RE1, RE2, and RE4 probably do so because part of the atmosphere is from the loneliness, the danger of often being the only human surrounded by horror, with no-one you can rely on but yourself. It’s probably why I don’t really get on with RE5 and RE6, since the fighting partner means you trade that terrifying lonely immersion for one-line quips. There's no tension when you have an invincible partner to hide behind, so spend your time running in circles to save ammo during boss battles. And tension dies when you get respawned with full health when you die, meaning there's no point using healing items most of the time, you are better saving them for the wearying boss battles.It may get better, but I seriously considered uninstalling at a few points, which is a first for RE games with me. My history is RE1, RE2, RE Nemesis, RE4, RE5. I loved them all up to RE5, which seemed average. RE6 feels like a low point.Lest I seem purely critical – there is some RE satisfaction here. Just that the bombast and silliness overshadows much of the horror and immersion."
76561198105186340,Not Recommended,221040,25089108,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,I Here,♥♥♥♥♥this game  +____+     เกมโคตรกาก เล่นมาตั้งแต่ภาค 1-5 ภาคนี้ทำได้โคตรกาก โดยเฉพาะเนื้อเรื่องของคริสเกมบัค  ระบบ AI โง่ๆ  มุมกล้องเวียนหัว
76561198082010860,Recommended,221040,23590091,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,KoKo,Cant seem to  have any function to exit the game properly so i just force quit.The next morning cant load my previous check point and started all over again.Help not sure whats wrong here
76561198014050970,Recommended,221040,26679535,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Taco,"TL;DR: This is a fun, cheesy co-op shooter, not a horror game. Make sure to play on No Hope with a co-op partner.Mandatory disclaimer: This is not Resident Evil 1, 2 nor 3. I'm OK with that, since I dont like broken controls, broken camera & broken puzzles. The love the original 3 get is 90% because of nostalgia, the remaining 10% is the love for the cheese those games had.I've played through this entire game on No Hope difficulty with a co-op partner, that is the only correct way to play this game, as it's far too easy otherwise & the AI partner is brain-dead. Just remember to spam dodge buttons after cutscenes, lest you get insta-gibbed.RE6/BH6 is fun, over the top action with a fair bit of cheese & interesting scenarios, but it's far from a horror game. This game is about the story, the characters & the action, which I feel it mostly delivers on, although you need to finish all 4 campaigns to get the full picture.Pros: (assumes you're playing on No Hope, the only difficulty option)+ Ammo presevation is important, if you miss more than 1 shot per 5 enemies you'll run out of ammo, as you should.+ A single regular enemy is a genuine threat if not taken seriously.+ You die in 1-3 hits.+ You want to stealth & avoid battles whenever available. (not because combat is bad, but because it's costly)+ It contains cheese & interesting scenarios.+ Decent weapon variety.+ Good enemy variety.+ Severely punishes incompitent behaviour.+ Approximately 30 hours of content split in 4 campaigns.Cons: (also assumes you're playing on No Hope, the only difficulty option)- You must hold the dodge keys to dodge, they're not instant, causing a delay & lowering the skill-cieling.- Enemies can shoot through eachother in order to hit you, so sometimes enemies you can't even see shoot you.- It contains quick time events.- Sometimes difficult to get co-op to run properly.- No item trading with co-op partner.- Getting insta-gibbed/grappled to death right after cutscenes.- You stagger like crazy every single time you're hit or you triggered a trigger.- Contains bad driving segments.- The worst aiming-style is on by default, you must change to laser-only yourself.- Some shared events from different campaigns (due to characters bumping into eachother).Others:+/- Easy but fun bosses.+/- Graphics & audio are acceptable.+/- There are 2 states between healthy & dead, one making you slower & melee useless & another one where you crawl.+/- Pointless passive skills system. (It's not in effect in No Hope, the only difficulty option.)+/- There are invisible (for you) duplicates of all items in the game, so both co-op partners get everything.+/- When in-game most menus are in the style of a phone, a poorly designed phone. It's immersive, but bad."
,Recommended,221040,27053407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,红色优势,Из игры превратили фиг знает что.Как по мне лучшие части так это Resident Evil:Code Veronica and RE 3 NEMESIS
,Recommended,221040,25130343,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shine,"nice game *.* , my favorite zombie game ^^"
,Recommended,221040,33340627,Posted: 7 July,all,Radish Radbino,20+ hours of campaign and even more content without DLC...What sorcery is this?
,Recommended,221040,33344837,Posted: 7 July,all,What,"What were the developers thinking when designing the zombies? were they on fentanyl? weed? Such a great action game, I would buy a reskin of this game if they released it in a different setting."
,Recommended,221040,18824431,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Charlie Beard,"""Made me kill my dad.""10/10"
76561198046683708,Recommended,221040,15217563,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Very Old Timer,"This has everything I wanted, the storyline, epic karate moves, random smug mercenary no one knows about from previous installments(Yes I actually did want one of those, don't ask), intersecting storylines, coop for EVERY campaign(though I don't understand how Agent comes randomly out of no where for Ada, he isn't in the cutscenes, either), and everything else. Except the lack of players, come on, play it already!11/10"
,Recommended,221040,15287825,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,sinistaaaaaa,"So Resident Evil is one of those series that has undergone a slew of sequels. I am a big fan of the series and i try to play most of the games aside from the handheld ones but that is mostly a control issue than anything. This resident evil got a lot of flack, and supprisingly more than resident evil 5. re6 still isnt the survival horror game that resident evil fans want, however the game is in a slight step in the right direction. Well if your playing either the ada or leon campain. The Chris and Jake campains are more like action games. I did enjoy most of all the campains. there were some sections in the game however that felt like they were near impossible. One section in Chris's campain has you running away from a attack helicopter while jumping from platform to platform and dodging enemies. If you are just one second too slow you will either get shot by a missile or dodge the missile and fall through the map and die. I can not express my frustration with the 25 tries that it took me to get past that part thanks to dodgey game mechanics and controlls. And if you run out of ammo durring the final boss of Chris's campain be prepared for a 45 minute fight as it spawns things that have a chance to drop ammo or skill points. And if you have my luck have fun stabbing the boss to death. I did have a lot of skill points by the end of that playthrough. Even with these flaws the game still had me playing it for quite a while actualy. to finish all the playthroughs it took me around 20 hours. I did explore quite a bit however so some might be able to finish it quicker. If you can catch it durring a sale it is worth a try."
76561198015104433,Recommended,221040,15222723,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,floodimus,NOT THE BEST RESIDENT EVIL SO FAR BUT IF YOU CATCH IT IN SALE AS I DID WORTH IT FOR SOME ZOMBIE HEAD BUSTIN FUN.
,Recommended,221040,15245112,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,itsACoppa,"I actually enjoyed this entry to the Resident Evil series despite the fact thats its not all survival horror, although Leon's campaign could be a bit eerie at times, i also found that it could be quite difficult at times which was nice, i played it on the difficulty above normal and the game was tough as nails sometimes, so hard core people beware"
76561198153448739,Recommended,221040,33867972,Posted: 28 July,all,VAC Terry Crews,Its kind of a game youd love to hate but only play it if you have someone to accompany youon your resident evil endeavours
76561198237909302,Recommended,221040,25247104,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,不会喊666,"I think Resident Evil6 is a wonderful game.Before I had downloaded this game,some of friends told me that Resident Evil6 lacked horror,and I shouldn't waste time.Now,I must correct my friends' wrong attitudes.Resident Evil6's storyline is very perfect.Attractive as such game is,I can't stop playing."
,Recommended,221040,33842830,Posted: 27 July,all,Tweek x Craig,The worst one. And it over stays its welcome by like 10 hours. But I'ma recommend it cause I'm a Resi fangay.
76561198042109745,Not Recommended,221040,14816894,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,ShadowWeaver02,"I have been a die-hard fan of Resident Evil since I first played RE2 on the N64. I loved the remake of RE1 on CG. When the game genre shifted from Survival Horror to Action Horror in RE4 I was very reluctant, but pleasently surprised. And I would be lying if I said I didn't love playing RE5 co-op with my friends.To me, the RE story ended with RE5. All lose ends tied up, all stories ran their course, and the heros saved the day. However, being a huge fan of RE, I was very excited when this game launched and bought it without a second thought. That was a huge mistake.RE6 is a stain on the RE series. The story line is non-sense, the controls are awful and cumbersome, whether on a game pad or keyboard, and the characters are just Capcom's way of vomiting out familar faces to try and grab the fan base of RE.The zombies in this game are pratically just carbon-copies of the creatures you would see in the Left for Dead series. Although, they do try to bring back the classic zombies from the original RE series, they do so in a way that is completely NOT cannon to the story.Speaking of story, continuity in this game is a huge problem. In Leon's story, you somehow end in a valley between mountains at the edge of a lake, even though the progression of the story takes you further and further down into some kind of catacombs. All I can figure is that your battle with the huge shark with legs (WTF?) actually occurs while you are falling UP a waterfall. I guess gravity doesn't exist in the RE universe anymore.I didn't even bother to try and beat Chris's story line. The entire thing was just ending up to be Michael Bay's take on Die Hard the game. After trying to escape a zombie guided helicopter by jumping across make shift rafts on a river in Hong Kong I decided it was time to put the controller down, delete the game from my hard drive, and try to forget that this game ever existed."
,Recommended,221040,24077559,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,:C,Don't trust light adjustments. Lies I tell you
,Recommended,221040,33718877,Posted: 22 July,all,Wulfstein,"if u haz a hate for le zombies, dis gaem verii guddd )))))))))))NO"
,Recommended,221040,33734682,Posted: 22 July,all,✅3xpl0its,7/10
,Recommended,221040,25258323,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,JohnGalt,"Since the days of the PSX the Biohazard/RE series has been home to great SURVIVAL HORROR games, with likable characters and neat monster design. If that is what you want in a modern package, see Biohazard/RE Revelations 1 and 2. This game, while still maintaining its place in the RE universe in terms of characters and monster design, it is not a SURVIVAL HORROR game. This title is first and foremost an ACTION game and a pretty good one at that. If you enjoy Action/third person shooters then you will enjoy this game. Most of the negative reviews geared towards this game are from people who are upset that this was not the traditional RE experience. If this does not bother you, then you should ignore the negative reviews and consider this game as an above average action/3rd person shooter.PROs:RE universe and charactersIn depth combat mechanicsNOT NESSECCARILY A CON:Action game instead of survival horrorKeyboard controls are bad, recommend you use a DS4 or DS3"
76561198159169186,Recommended,221040,31178257,Posted: 16 April,all,PROTAGONIST,so fun to play multiplayer with friend
,Recommended,221040,20375502,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,FALLENV3GAS,"FALLENV3GAS Reviews | """"0.0Hours to Complete►TL;DRIn depth...►[Performance]►[Graphics]►[Gameplay]►[Replayability]►[Conclusion]If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow mycuratorgrouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/FALLENV3GAS#curation"
76561198071310217,Recommended,221040,6645324,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Кytes,Best Resident Evil ever.
76561198000204270,Recommended,221040,26605638,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Marc Newman,"Is it the Best game in the series? nope. Does it have a lot going for it? Yep.Pros- 1. Got a buddy to play with? good becuase it's always better to play the game with someone.2. When the story does hit it, it hits it out of the park. There are moments of true terror in this game (most in Leon's Campaign)3. The Melee and shooting system are a fine polish. They really are fun and if you like mercenaries modes you like this.4. Some replayability really goes a long way with this game.Cons-1. Does someone who is suffering and dying from a C virus infection really have to be sexualized in such a huge way. Deborah in Leon's Campaign goes way overboard and it's really distracting and in poor taste.2. Story is all over the place due to the nature of 4 split campaigns. You might like one campaign ang hate the next one due to the changed nature.3. When it falls flat... it truly does. some things you have to slog through and boy does it suck if you have to do it multiple times.4. QTE's... So many QTE's... god help you if you suck at them."
,Recommended,221040,30043679,Posted: 19 February,all,Anderson,"It's not like the previous Resident Evil games yes and you probably heard that hundreds of times before. But for good, if it would be the same game all over again like the first one then people would hate it just like they hate COD because it does the same thing again. But then again the Resident Evil series was known for the horror elements and the zombies and the game lacks the first one most of the time. The best thing I can say is that if you liked RE5 then there's a chance you'll like this one as well."
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,221040,15066009,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,downright awful
,Recommended,221040,25075772,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Lucifer,"It's not a perfect game, every game has its flaws. But also, it's not as bad as everyone claims it to be, it's a pretty solid game, with very good gameplay and an OK story, I'd rate it as it follows:A+ Gameplay: Not bad, but takes a little time getting used to it.A- Story: After the previous games, I expected a little more. The formula didn't change past the 4th game.A+ Characters: The already known characters, plus the new ones are great as always.A++: Replay value.5/7."
,Recommended,221040,34183318,Posted: 11 August,all,♛Erza Scarlet,Awesome game.
,Recommended,221040,34161143,Posted: 10 August,all,Gimper,"Bought it to play with a friend.This game is great! There's absurd plot and some beautiful plots if you know what I mean ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).All in all the story is long so you are definitely getting your money's worth.The mechanics are honestly pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ for example you can get shot while in cutscenes; which, make absolutely no sense.The game can be frustrating too; if only they made the inventory and sharing of items the same asResident Evil 5, I would have enjoyed co-op more.Anyway, we've played through the game twice now, and it still brought us enjoyment.100% recommened for coop with friends at night."
,Recommended,221040,33564503,Posted: 15 July,all,Vito♥,This game have very interesting Company!
,Recommended,221040,5343819,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,partyisnotovver,"Насколько мне известно серия Resident Evil славится атмосферой и хардкорностью, когда считаешь каждый патрон и стараешься пройти игру без потерь. Шестая часть не стала исключением. Но всего лишь по атмосфере. Сейчас это Call of Duty  с зомби и гигантскими боссами. На этот раз нам дают поиграть за 4 персонажей. Самое крутое это то, что в какой-то момент герои пересекаются, и тут ты можешь посмотреть на данную ситуацию с разных сторон. Это очень круто. Остальное, что есть в RE6 это хорошая история, интересный геймплей ( особенно когда начинаешь играть за Криса, давно я не встречал таких врагов которые мутируют ту часть тела, которую снесет игрок ).К сожалению интерес может немного упасть когда вы пройдете 2 первые кампании, так как ничего непонятно. Но когда начинаешь проходить кампанию Ады Вонг, то получаешь ответы на все вопросы. В итоге Capcom попробовала угодить всем, и у них получилась неплохая игра! Проходите ее в коопе! Оценка 8/10"
76561198262969425,Recommended,221040,33258221,Posted: 4 July,all,银时,因为本作入坑生化系列，4版通关后前来补票。作为集4，5代以及当时卖座游戏特点大成者，生6拥有一款优秀游戏所具备的特质：+优秀的剧情以及以7位主角4大篇章交替阐述故事的方式+易于上手、华丽同时需要练习方可精通的战斗系统+支持本地双人分屏、多人联机游玩+流畅的情节感与大片向的视觉冲击+历代参加主角最多、最全，粉丝尖叫的一作-这款游戏为人所诟病的是它完全偏离了生化系列强调的恐怖感与代入感，除里昂篇外被玩家戏称“使命召唤版的生化”。所以，以一款恐怖游戏的视角来看，生6不够优秀，但以一款介绍生化系列背景即人物，吸引新玩家入坑的角度来看，生6再合适不过了。所以，想要了解并加入生化这一瑰丽宏大世界的玩家们，这是一款你不容错过的游戏。PS:里昂真帅（迷妹脸）
,Recommended,221040,2248979,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,"Hey ft 6oplll, 69","Хорошая, интересная, качественная игра, но всё же отспупившая в сторону от старых канонов сурвайвл хорроров, здесь не экономишь патроны, не думаешь о количестве аптечек, ты просто бежишь из комнаты в комнату, от монстра к монстру."
76561198295578255,Recommended,221040,28485357,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,overcooked.doggo,it's good
,Recommended,221040,29984239,Posted: 17 February,all,This is Gary Huang,THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE IN CONTROL THE VEHICLE (HATER FROM XBOX CONTROLLER)AT LEASE THEY GOT NICE STORY AND A HAPPY END7/10
76561198091479420,Recommended,221040,29165009,Posted: 10 January,all,Inomorioom,"Многие в свое время сильно распинались, рассказывая, как игра ужасна, со временем негатив улегся и игра явила множество своих плюсов. Расскажу только о тех минусах, которые не получается простить или не заметить.1. Постоянная попытка постанавливать сцену. То камера сама начнет лететь на ""нужный"" объект/взрыв, то персонажам запрещается использовать бег или стрелять.  Поверьте, если сцена хороша, я так на нее посмотрю, зачем конкретно поворачивать мне голову и связывать руки/ноги?2. Скриптованность появления врагов. В RE4, RE5, Dead Space и других играх я могу увидеть притворяющегося мертвым врага и заранее его продырявить. Но здесь это не только нельзя сделать, все хуже - зомби неуязвим пока встает, и только когда он ""красиво поднимется в него будет входить урон. Это ОЧЕНЬ раздражает.Пофикси разработчики всего эти две вещи и я бы рукоплескал игре.Мелочи, которые простить можно, но все-таки они как лишнее пятно:3. Почему убрали возможность командного взаимодействия? Больше нельзя подлечить конкретно союзника (таблетками, только когда он в агонии), больше нельзя передать патроны (а в RE5 это неплохо развивало взаимодействие), все предметы просто продублированы. Но это же кооперативная игра, а дублирование предметов наоборот делает игроков более самостоятельными, даже эмблемы каждый теперь сам сбивает для себя. Определиться бы - кооператив это или попутная прогулка?4. Где задачи на подумать? Даже в РЕ5 хотя бы были зеркала с лучами.5. Старая прокачка и выбор оружия были приятнее и вариативнее. Мне нравится настраивать под себя арсенал, а тут 3 скилла и будь доволен.Итого: Хороший и добротный продолжатель 4 и 5 частей. Кооператив добавляет игер лишний бал и можно честно поставить около 7 из 10. А так просто было вытянуть выше, всего лишь исправив перечисленные ошибки."
,Recommended,221040,33088320,Posted: 1 July,all,SeanDing,epic
76561198019286606,Recommended,221040,19332214,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,satyreslym,Very decent game for the money.Maybe it was a little short on levels or not but it works. Maybe i'm just mad about Res. Evil 2 & 5
,Recommended,221040,33187023,Posted: 3 July,all,Moonman,This game is ight. Pretty much just play with a friend cracking jokes on whats going on in the game every 3 seconds like those crusty ♥♥♥♥ers. #ResidentMemer
76561198162415372,Recommended,221040,19553210,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,kaypontbee,"Let me first say that I am not an avid RE fan. I never liked the series especially because of the controls. Once I learned that RE6 now has a more decent control mechanism (ie. you can walk and shoot at the same time) I decided to give it a shot. I must say that it turned out to be a positive affair (again: I did not like the previous episodes even a bit). Of course there are things I cannot let go. One such thing is the (sometimes) maddeningly awkward camera positioning coupled with the frustration that amidst all the chaos you are actually meant to guide your player with pixel precision and right on cue with what the creators imagined. Come to think of it, it is what usually turns down most Japanese games (imho). Anyway, a reasonably good blast, with decent graphics, variety in gameplay and well, story (even if it is hard to take seriously even for a second). At 80% off it is a good deal."
,Recommended,221040,24662577,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ღDanildö,"Played this more on console.I liked it, others didn't.Buy it to see for yourself."
76561198023982448,Not Recommended,221040,27834804,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DigBick,Big disappointlment.....
,Not Recommended,221040,29126632,Posted: 8 January,all,J_Mad18,"Terrible game mechanics.  Odd controls, bad button smashing, and cheesy character dialog (RE's nitch maybe...).  I purchased this game during the Winter 2016 sale and still think I payed too much.  I'm invested in the RE series.  Not recommended for someone that hasn't played the prevous games."
,Not Recommended,221040,26499393,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,actionBastard64,Horrible Resident Evil game.Below average action game.Grade A bargain bin material.
76561198294586428,Recommended,221040,29436909,Posted: 22 January,all,DJAlphaNinja,"Some people may say this is not resident evil  I think it is because of the enemy they have something to do with horror and the story line continued from 5 and there are puzzles they not so hard but still it resident evil and resident evil can't be the same forever so this is new and I love it and the multiplayer with the dlc are amazing and the music in this game is good too some people don't think the same but I enjoy the new resident evil its not the best I still like resident evil 0,1,2,3,4 the most but this is alright for a game"
,Recommended,221040,19749785,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Flipzie,"This game is not scary, and thats what everyone cries over.... The orginal Resident Evil ... I was more scared of the controls then the zombies in it... Resident Evil 6 Controls take some getting used to, but once you embeed them in your memory, buddy you're in for a good time. My hours are low on steam, but on my PS3 I completed no hope on all missions, not even trying normal, hard. Going stright to No Hope was a great experience, and the other modes that come with the game are loads of fun as well! Not many people play it anymore, but when it first came out I had a super great time, people invading my game as a zombie, playing the multiplayer arena type games. This game is a game, not a horror simulator. *Pats Resident Evil 6 on the head*People need hope /10"
,Recommended,221040,19274274,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,✿Arianna✿,Shot a zombie in the headit got back upit exploded me420/10
,Recommended,221040,25074816,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Trollmo,"Looks great, plays great (even with keyboard)."
,Recommended,221040,19740156,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,⛧-Kuro-zia-⛧,the most realistic dipiction of how the resident evil series would have ended up!10/10im dead serious :|
,Recommended,221040,13175476,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rokolith,"Worth it for 10 bucks but it does some really cheap stuff.My main beef is that zombies that are still 'alive' will not die if they're shot while they're still and waiting to jump out at you. I mean, come on Capcom. I've played a zombie game before, I know some of the bodies I see lying on the floor are going to come to life and try to made my sweet flesh into a barbeque meat pie with a side of crumpets. When I shoot them pre-emptivley, using my brain and some caution in a survival horror game, have the common courtesy to make them at least akowledge the slug to their done."
76561198015858126,Recommended,221040,26425469,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Raymond Reddington,"it's absolutely not scary, it's not a survival either.  the story is dull like in all those hollywood action popcorn movies ( michael bay etc....) it's 100% action.  But the gameplay is fun.  So yes i had fun playing it."
76561198061338684,Recommended,221040,34402900,Posted: 21 August,all,nathankline1,"Resident evil 6 is often considered the worst of the entire Resident evil franchise and it both does kind of deserve it but it also doesn't because it isnt a bad game, it's just a bad resident evil game. Resident evil is considered a survival horror classic which makes it pretty hard to top and Resident evil struck gold with Resident evil 4 that turned the fixed camera angles into a third person ammo conservation game with some scary enemies. Resident evil 5 followed the 4th with the same perspective but with better graphics, 9 inventory slots and coop added into the game so that you can play with your brother or something. the downside was that the game involved more combat and less atmosphere and puzzles though in 4 there was only about three or two and one of them was required to continue in the game (sliding tile puzzle is also really hard).Resident evil 6 continued the game's using the same formula as Resident evil 5 but ramped it up to the levels of a crazy michael bay film with explosions that pop up every chapter and add the addition of 4 different interconnected stories with   2 different main characters in each one. especially chris with his severe hate of sleeves (except in winter military land) who created the joke that is the butt of the entire franchise.This game said screw survival horror and went all action and its actually now that im looking back on it is pretty funny and kind of natural. almost every character has faced BOW's in the previous games so they just know how to deal with them or they won't be as affected of seeing a hulking armored tank appear from a human sized coccoon. though Resident evil 7 goes back to horror in a triumph with a camera change and a spooky atmosphere straight from american horror films with ridiculous over the top characters.Though theres always a place for dumb over the top action and just pure chaos happening all around you. though one complaint i have is that the camera is too close to the character and that happens in just about every resident evil game. and also one reason this gets a positive is ustanak, what is suppose to be a nemesis character for jake is ridiculous and over the top. though one complaint about atmosphere is that there is no dismemberment for your character deaths, just a bunch of of blood."
,Recommended,221040,34363094,Posted: 19 August,all,Rico Suave,"So I have to this first: If you like action/arcade like shooters then this game is for you. I honestly have a lot of fun with this game and would like to praise it for its in depth mechanics and action sequences that keep the pace of the game from slowing down too much. However as a horror game if fails to capture any real sense of fear as everyone seems to die in a laughable fashion. The game doesnt actually follow through with what it tries to show in the cutscenes, it fails to really capture anyones actual will to live. It just kind of glosses over everyone but the main characters you play as.Pros:Games fun.QTE are pretty simple.Runs on most systems pretty well.mechanics are easy to understand but hard to masterCons:Not in anyway scary and is completley devoid of horrorthe number of QTE's back to back."
,Recommended,221040,34433696,Posted: 23 August,all,Bad Demoñ ツ,"Well this game is right choice for you if you want to play survival ""horror"" game with your mate or random starnger co-op with interesting story, with their awesome charachter. also pretty good is that extra content it's kinda good but no one really playing it so if you want to play it with some stranger it's not that good idea but if you have an mate to play with then go ahead.I RATE THIS 8.55/10RESIDENT EVIL 6 DISCORDhttps://discord.gg/8Zcxy8P"
,Recommended,221040,34550410,Posted: 28 August,all,1RF1K4R,Good Story Good Ending Nice Graphic
76561198062358574,Recommended,221040,34385187,Posted: 20 August,all,Lavinathael,"I enjoyed this game. The gameplay was similar to RE4 and RE5, and the story felt like a call back to RE1-3. I felt that the character swtiching was a good story telling mechanism."
76561198405524931,Recommended,221040,34387632,Posted: 20 August,all,agizulfikar,Awesome game
76561198130041399,Recommended,221040,34606588,Posted: 30 August,all,GeorgeMegas,"Very good game that has a lot of side stories to play with different kind of characters, interactions e.t.c. Graphics are also pretty good and clear. The only downside are the many scenes and the small side story lines."
,Recommended,221040,34675902,Posted: 1 September,all,Menuju Kestupidan Dan Melampaui,Nice Game
,Recommended,221040,34748826,Posted: 4 September,all,AerialORANGES,"Look at it as an action game and NOT a Resident Evil game...and you'll have a blast.The only issues I have with Resident Evil 5 & 6 is that they went off the path as survival horror games and went full-on Michael Bay.Other than that, they are solid games.8/10 would ride train with parasitic zombie dog again"
76561198028513039,Recommended,221040,34788884,Posted: 6 September,all,HossDelgado93,Mediocre yes. But sadly I enjoy the game. Guilty pleasure I guess lol. Get on sale.
,Recommended,221040,22871762,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bolo,"i play it because i can play it with my friends, i like all the stories. the coop in the last mission the second player is kinda""invisible""that was the only thing i didnt like."
,Recommended,221040,23118691,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Cornfluency,"10/10 , Would go down the slide again ."
76561198094668253,Recommended,221040,23123312,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Rachael Ray,"Game becomes really fun if played with one of your best friends, and you make fun of absolutely everything in the game, from the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dialogue, to the jello arms when switching weapons/readying remote bombs, to the seizures when spinning around on the floor at max sensitivity. 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ize survival horror again."
,Recommended,221040,24305666,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Dread-Knots,"Many will argue that this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. I too gave this game a lot of crap initially, but looking back, it was and still is a pretty fun and content-rich game."
,Recommended,221040,24309066,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BobbyBobkins,"This game is bloody hilarious.So many ""that guy"" moments in this game. That guy who tries to ram a zombie with the bus and managed to lose control of the bus, that guy who release a zombie that can infect civilians at a fast rate, that guy who comes out and points players to the chopper but doesn't get into the chopper and dies, etc. They are all over the place.The drama is so weird, I get 2nd Party Embarrassment whenever I play as any of the characters in the game or witnessing the npc act because they tend to make  a choice which is incredibly stupid, except for a select few like Ada Wong because she is a one woman army but i question her methods sometimes.Storyline is actually not bad, aside from the weird and random lines the characters say.Gameplay is ok, I really like the sprinting feature, a lot of times when i'm outnumbered, i'll just start sprinting towards the objective ignoring all the enemies unless I have to kill them to make way. Boss battle can be challenging if you don't know what you're supposed to shoot at or do whatever. Mini bosses are pain in the neck, lil♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥trying to ruin your walk in the park. Hate it when you kill a zombie or hit a specific location and they start transforming, like come on mate!Multiplayer is dead since this game is old.7/10 Where dafuq is Jill Valentine, Captain Obvious of the RE World?!"
76561198035359751,Recommended,221040,23110875,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,JackShao,"Felt like I watched a Hollywood Movie. 10/10 as a movie, 10/10 for the story. 8/10 as a game (poor texture and not really mouse and keyboard friendly)."
76561198197869874,Recommended,221040,23328944,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,aka_700,"As someone who has played RE4, RE5, and RE: Revelations. I recommend RE6 too, though it is true that the game became less scary and more action-based after RE4.However, having 4 different campaigns and occasionally bumping into different protagonists of the game adds a nice taste to the game. I liked it. Their stories; at least some of them are a little bit intertwined to each other. You get the full picture when you finished all four campaign.If you have played RE4 on normal diffculty, be assured RE6 is much more easier on Normal difficulty than RE4 and also less scary. At least you\'re not alone like you were in RE4. The only disappointment for me is not to see Claire. Almost everyone is on this game except her."
,Recommended,221040,24306731,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,blackreaper.mr,one of the best resident evil in my opinion
76561198311849420,Not Recommended,221040,34950593,Posted: 14 September,all,Texyalen,crash after start on menu.
,Recommended,221040,33052637,Posted: 30 June,all,[DoctorGibuz],"Ignore the hate bandwagon it's a fun game with some nice coop and visuals, pretty damn good cant believe i was deterred away by the hate."
,Recommended,221040,23893111,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kite Man,♥♥♥♥ you peter.
,Not Recommended,221040,10646118,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,turribel,"I played RE4 and loved it.  I bought RE6 when it came on sale and am disappointed.For one, the controls are changed around although you can re-map keys.  but for some reason there are combined keystrokes that make you want to sit back and say huh???For another, there are several defense keystrokes* tap A / D repeatedly* tap E repeatedly* LMB when in the blue zone.Give me a break.  They must have gotten the idea from Tomb Raider and took it another silly step forward.On the plus side, the graphics are pretty good.I don't recomment this game at this time, but that might change. For now, I'm gonna uninstall it and play something else for a while.PS - I like the review by »Noxian«, which seems to pretty much cover the rest of it.(Zombies body parts fall off and can't shoot them in the same area anymore (someone actually complained about this)) Really?"
76561198025016624,Not Recommended,221040,11080820,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,TheHeroOfTime,"This game is kinda bad but I feel like that is because Capcom was just to ambitious it tried to do to much the controls are wonky and the story makes little to no senses, that said there is still a good time to be had with this game. If you got a friend to play the mercenary mode and also Leons Story is not terrible and probably the strongest of the 3 you can play. Id say avoid it in tell you find a it on sell although for the right price tho it can be fun"
,Not Recommended,221040,1685168,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,6EQUJ5,"""Click here to write a recommendation."" Well I guess you could call it that. I highly recommend NOT getting this game. I pre-ordered it ages ago, which now seems like a massive mistake. This game suffers from all the same problems the previous ones did and more. From a bad PC port (options are more than lackluster) to awful controls and an even more awful interface, this game is NOT worth the money on PC. All of it was clearly designed with consoles in mind, controls and interface seem like they would be no problem to navigate with thumbsticks but with a mouse and keyboard, its horrificly bad. It also suffers from Mass Effect 3 syndrom, not in that the story is a problem at all, but in that everything is controlled with the spacebar. Want to sprint? Spacebar. Want to interact with something? Spacebar. Want to jump up or down from something?.. You get the point. There are times where you will be racing against time and where one ♥♥♥♥ up will kill you. Having everything controlled by the spacebar at that point is a huge issue, since you'll be wanting to sprint and then all of a sudden, your character decides it wants to do something completely different, because an interact point came in range and you will die. Also, quicktime events and loads of them. Overall, from a first impressions point of view, this game is bad. I imagine it is a lot better on consoles or with a controller on the PC, but for a purely keyboard and mouse gamer, I'm not a fan."
,Not Recommended,221040,466983,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,MM209,"This is the worst game i've ever played. Don't buy it unless you want to smash your computer in a fit of frustrated rage.Seriously, even if they offer to pay you to play it you are getting a bad deal. There is no telling how much damage this game may cause to you or your loved ones when you are forced to play certain unpassible sequences in the game over and over with no hope of sucess and are rapidly filled with the uncontrollable urge to punch a baby seal.If you are not a hard core fan of the Resident Evil series, avoid this game like the plauge. Even if you are a devoted fan of the series, avoid this game as it will only trash your memories of a lost series that was once epic while simultaneously making you want to punch a baby seal."
,Not Recommended,221040,7374679,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,red_5_alpha,"WORST F#(%ING GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED!!!!!!!Seriously, don't try this even if it's free, this is a recomend TO AVOID!!!!"
76561197970607311,Not Recommended,221040,12131405,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Flopy,"quicktime cinema with confusing button hacks. as I liked RE 5 and RR this game is completely utter bull,"
76561198031277200,Not Recommended,221040,12306344,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,BanzaiBob,Rubbish! Just rubbish. That's all.
,Not Recommended,221040,13190085,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Lazerblast!,"This game is almost uncomprehensively awful.  I bought it for ten dollars on a steam sale and I still feel ripped off.  The entire game is one giant quick time event.  The only game mechanic that they managed to salvage from the original series is the ammo scarcity.  Additionally, they have added innumerable 'set piece' cutscenes that will probably catch you off guard and cause you to loose quite a bit of life.  Thats not the problem however, this game also contains a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of checkpoints (something that has been -and should be- abesent from Resident evil games.  Anyway, if you die you restart at the check point with ALL your life, this defeats the entire purpose of the genre, causing you to just bang your head against the wall and die-rinse-repeat until you know where all the ambushes are and can complete the levels flawlessly.  Worst resident evil ive ever played."
,Not Recommended,221040,13653021,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Caffeine,"Waste of money: horrible controls, weak story, short campigns, and just pathetic boss fights. The series has gone from horror to 3rd person shooter a long time ago. But, if you enjoy the series, go for it."
76561198047416708,Not Recommended,221040,12113497,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,newmoe57,"Wow what a disapointment ad a waste of money. It has been years that a displeasure like this has been shoved into the market place. You will be forced to sit through the ego call of an intro over and over and over, but not to worry your check points are useless so if you fail as a timed monkey button pusher, you are forced to sit through more ego calls."
,Not Recommended,221040,12130364,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Csbears,I shot a zombies head off while it was leaping at me but the game carried the animation through and i died from a headless zombie.  1 / 10 cheap janky game...buy it on sale if you really must.
76561197969331393,Not Recommended,221040,12312740,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,E1usive_Man,"I'll keep this short and sweet. Resident Evil 6 is not terrible but it isnt very good either. It's a far departure from its survival horror roots, has too many QTE, has a terrible camera, is WAAAY too action oriented, has a sketchy cover system and a pretty lame story. I would only reccomend this game to a hardcore fan."
,Not Recommended,221040,13714646,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,philarmino ツ,Played it with a frind in Co-Op Mode... It was the worst Resident Evil so far... We had not really fun playing it.
76561198129931494,Not Recommended,221040,13729974,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,rilonor33,"I guess I didn't dislike this game too much, but please refrain from paying too much for it.  Others have said it, and so will I;  A ""neutral"" recommendation is needed for reviews.There have been many complaints, and many are justified.  I did expect some horror, but it was mostly just guys with guns wearing kibuki make-up and monsters that kept coming back--that got rather tiresome.  Although, I think, the best monster was the last mutation of Heer Simmons.  That fight was pretty good (once I fgured out how to kill it after two deaths :-).  I just didn't see that damn lightning rod on the ground after the monster's first use of it  heheh.Anyway, I got sick of the cutscenes mostly.  Everytime I got a bead on some schmuck--there was a cutscene!  Also, did anyone else notice that the mosters recover from attacks during cutscenes?  Maybe I was seeing things, but I swear this happened three times.Next was the amount of QTE's.  Some were good, but others seemed like they were put in there because the designers couldn't think of something else.  And after a while my sighs became more and more audible each time a QTE popped up (SIGH).The inventory system was truly horrid.  And a battlefield unit like Chris's should have a supply system to bring them ammo, I mean, if common sense prevailed, but it doesn't in RE6.  That's ok.  No one expects to have ammo handed to them; however, it would make me feel special to FIND some now and again.It was nice to see my favorite old zombie slayers, but I cannot remember once feeling that sense of fright as in the old games.  Maybe I'm just jaded or perhaps my expectations were too high, and the game didn't deliver (like Return of the Jedi back in '85).I did like the Ada adventure mostly because it filled in some story gaps (but my daughter and I did a pretty good job at surmising what happened).  Ada's cockiness does get a little annoying; it was good to see Leon save her highness' hash.  But upright Leon's fascination for her seems to get more confusing the more he and we learn about her.I'm getting off track.  This isn't a bad game, but it isn't a good one either.  I gave it a down simply to give fellow gamers fair warning.Good gaming, everyone!"
76561198130350190,Not Recommended,221040,15857693,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bunnster212,pile of rubbish does not load black screen when loaded up just wasted £4.99 on this game very good on console s**t on pc
76561197994109775,Not Recommended,221040,15902662,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,sharkFinn,"PC control is really bad, while combat accidentally use first aid to heal."
76561198004787317,Not Recommended,221040,16007998,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,D Keey,"this is a terrible game.  clunky controls.  headless zombies killing you... crappy dialogue... only thing good to say is it has pretty graphics and even that is poorly done in several places such as non infected or tv screens.... do not buy this game.  waste of time.  don't get this on sale, don't pay full price.  don't buy this game.  AI companion is poorly scripted, god i can't stop hating this game."
76561197996418793,Not Recommended,221040,16192873,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,johnnyrook,Film needs more zombies
76561197987361933,Not Recommended,221040,16630196,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,TheDogeOne,Resident evil 6 incompleted bugged (dont buy it)
,Not Recommended,221040,16814534,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sephiroth313,Not that great but yet its not that bad ether. The gameplay is solid just really wish they go back to what made Resident Evil so good to begin with. Get the Resident Evil HD Remake over this.
,Not Recommended,221040,16817801,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,NanoUnit,This game is similiar to that of many other resident evil games but there are many glitches so many if you like seeing glitches and having fun seeing them then play this game it is fun but the glitches get annoying and that camera BY GOD THAT CAMERA
76561197974085150,Not Recommended,221040,16921390,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Horde4Life,Game is fun until you get to the cutscenes and vehicle parts. So frustrating having to do lame quicktime events over and over and over and over.....
76561197978258595,Not Recommended,221040,16961005,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,9LaD1aT0R,"liked it at first until I finished 3 out of 4 campaigns. A good Third person shooter game ruined by horrible controls, stupid chases and ridiculous camera views at times."
76561198012564559,Not Recommended,221040,17329035,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,colonelblue,"Absolutely not!!! This game has clunky outdated Japanese controls, an outdated arcade style feel, Bull**** tactics to try and ""guide"" you where to go. I can't stand games that kill you constantly no matter how good you are, to get you to go the correct way you're supposed to go. I'm not a huge fan of linear games anymore, but this game is particularly terrible at being linear and not giving any breathing room for improvision. Terrible controls, pretty bad weapon system, just an overall poorly written game and I will not go back to it, I am done with it, what a waste of $15."
76561197970841965,Not Recommended,221040,17333728,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Totenkatz,"This game sucks, it won't save checkpoints and I can't get past the second checkpoint when the damn plane explodes"
,Not Recommended,221040,17419551,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,C.C,"The Bad:Like being fustrated to the point of rage? Buy this game. It's controls are some of the worst I've ever seen. Enemies designed to drive you to the point of actual violence with QTE attacks that can interupt anything you do. Awful partner AI that hinders progress to the point it will actually kill you (Cathedral cluster♥♥♥♥ with the Church doors and the endlessly respawning enemies comes to mind) A pointless inventory system that can also kill you as you struggle to put healing items into a ""Case"" as if inventory management meant anything anymore, hell you can't even pause the game during a session, this is not Dark Souls, because if it was it would actually be rewarding.Backgrounds are dull and cliched with no dept to them whatsoever, your dragged from one set piece to another and expected to be wowed by the Hollywood action vibe of it as your bombarded with yet more QTE's. It runs well enough but my god are some of the textures awful low res, they would look lacklustre in RE4, this creates a weird contrast between the generally good character models and the background, a side effect of a badly designed port.It's as if they got all the worst traits of the last 2 ""over the shoulder"" action Resident Evil games and jacked them up to 11, no lessons learned at all, but hey ♥♥♥♥ it right? It makes the money. And I spent as little as I could to buy this, so I had an idea of what I was getting into. If I could compare it to anything, I'd say this is Resident Evil's FEAR 3. Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.The Good:It's Resident Evil (Just about). You can suplex and bodyslam Zombies, which is as ridiculous as it is fun. Chris is essentially John Cena at this point anyway. If it's on sale for less then a tenner you could do worse."
,Not Recommended,221040,17539002,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Exenteron Dementis,I was never scared
,Not Recommended,221040,17649185,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mathack,You cant turn the f_u_с_k_i_n_g voice chat off. Dont buy it!
,Not Recommended,221040,18803425,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Lorian,i tried starting the game and all it does is have me wait at a black screen with the cursor. when i see the tab it says resident evil 6 not responding every time
76561197970848532,Not Recommended,221040,469006,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,eingapmoc aM ne srisialP ed euQ,"Persistance frustrante.Le numéro 6 de la célèbre série suit très bien les traces de ses prédécesseurs tant pour l'histoire que pour ses vidéos léchés. Les graphiques en jeu sont aussi dans les standards auxquels Capcom nous a habitués au fil des ans.Le bas est au niveau de la jouabilité. Depuis le 4e jeu, les aspects horreur et survie ont été relayés à l'arrière plan au profit de l'action.  Si cette action était bien gérée dans le 4e et 5e, elle est tout simplement ridicule dans le 6e. Les actions sont imprécises, le nouveau ""recoil"" des armes rend leur utilisation pénible, les boutons d'actions apparaissent souvent lorsque le temps alloué pour les utiliser est déjà en parti écoulé et les angles de caméra, surtout lors des scènes animées, rend certaines parties du jeu frustrantes, voir enrageantes. Lors de parties multijoueurs c'est problèmes sont doublés.Somme toute, le jeu n'est pas injouable mais pas à la hauteur des attentes malgré son contenu varié et ses multiples défis.6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,221040,3783632,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Alfredo,"Don't buy this game, the multiplayer does not work AT ALL. The DLC game modes, do not work. This game is a waste of money, buy a real game like Bioshock Infinity.... or hell go spend that moeny on TF2 hats or♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, AVOID THIS LIKE THE PLAGUE!!! GAME HAS BEEN RELEASED 2 MONTHS NOW AND THE CO OP GAME MODES DOESNT WORK AT ALL. ALSO THE SEASON PASS WAS JUST 4 DIFFERENT GAMES THAT, AS I SAID BEFORE, DOESNT WORK. PLEASE DONT BUY THIS GAME. CAPCOM HAS FALL IN THE♥♥♥♥♥♥WAGON ACTIVISION HAS RIDE THE LAST FEW YEARS. ANOTHER LOST FRANCHISE."
76561197988994736,Not Recommended,221040,10058459,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,thejoche,"I was skeptical about RE5, but ended up enjoying it.  So I got this one at release. Bad idea. When it's not trying to be a Michael Bay film, its so dark that you can't see anything. You can play the game from the point of view of a couple of different characters.  I gave up halfway through the second character.  Could've been great- wasn't. Not recommended. 4/10"
76561198055351807,Not Recommended,221040,10553047,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,HAzEyTRinity,"i dont think this game is anyhting like what the old games use to be obviously, things change. but i think resident evil is starting to take a change for the worst. i picked this up without much research on it though. so that being said, RESEARCH A GAME (before purchase xD)"
76561197995236389,Not Recommended,221040,10627053,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The New Guy,"I have purchased most of the Resident Evil games since Playstaion and liked most of them. This game had some good ideas but poor execution. Each character has a different feel of play. Most are not fun, The game is very repetitive and the enemies aren't that difficult even on hard mode. The stories are good, but the gameplay is lacking. Skip this one"
,Not Recommended,221040,11209935,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Emeruss,"I would say this game is only for devout fans of the game series. But I find myself questioning if I'm a fan after this. First, there are WAY too many quick time events. It's too the point where I just want to enjoy a cutscene and open a door without having to work for it. It doesn't add to difficulty or fun, it's just irritating. If you don't have good reflexes, you'll die A LOT.The additions to combat are interesting but feels a bit clunky. I like that you can melee and counter enemy attacks. They've also added the ability to dodge. It can be a bit overwhelming when you first start playing. The controls aren't very intuitive. I like where they're going with combat but they may need to simplify it a little. With all the new additions, it ends up feeling messy. That being said, the combat is probably my favorite part of the game. Which is why I enjoy Mercenaries mode the most.The difficulty is iffy. There are times when I might write it off as lack of familiarity or I'm just clumsy. But there are also times when it just feels like the game expects you to die over and over just to learn the game. Dying over and over to learn the mechanics gets frustrating. The game ends up feeling unrewarding and rather than progessing you feel like you're regressing.The story makes as much sense as the films. But I do enjoy the characters. If there was one redeeming feature, it would be the graphics. The detail in character faces and models are really lovely.So tl;dr: This game isn't that great. But if you enjoy shooting and kicking a zombie in the face, this game might be passable."
,Not Recommended,221040,11576160,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,SharqSir,"2/10 I do not recommend buying this game. The graphics are the best part of the game and they're not that great. Gameplay is short and not fun. Character movement is rough, inventory system is terrible. The game is filled with bad cinematics and quick time events that aren't even fun to watch/do. This series will never be as good as it once was."
76561197962561784,Not Recommended,221040,11582148,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Penguin Bartender,"Normally you need to take resident evil games with a grain of salt, but this game is simply terrible. The game routinely will take away your control to hit you with cheap shots, and even when the controls work, they're sketchy at best.I got this game on sale, and I'm sorry I paid even the reduced amount for it."
,Not Recommended,221040,12095915,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,★ www.Giffindex.com ★,"finish on PS3 since first day come out.today I buy it again because of L4D exclusive on PC and discount price.-------however the Resident Evil 6 director by Eiichiro Sasaki still so bad gameplay.-------Director Eiichiro Sasaki , He just put many zombie by no sense and idiot.nothing scare in this game.this director make Resident Evil go to bad game , since operation raccoon city version.-------"
76561197963433724,Not Recommended,221040,12100039,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Rabidfish,"This game can best be described in two words; frustrating and tedious. I really wanted to at least finish the 4 campaigns but had to stop for fear of breaking my keyboard. There are so, so many things wrong with this game and so very few things right. I am a long time fan of the series. I played the very first RE on PS1. To date I have played and finished RE1,2,3 CV:X, 4,5 and Revelations so I know the series well.  All of them have been frustrating at times. It is part of what makes difficult games rewarding. A sense of achievement for having solved a challenging puzzle or defeated a tough boss. Unfortunately that sense of satisfaction is utterly absent in RE6. ""Yes! I finally did it!"" has been replaced with ""Thank f that's out of the way."" There is so much I feel I want to say about this game that this review will consist of a brief pros and cons followed by more detailed reasoning should anyone wish to understand my views. Additionally I will provide clear spoilers further down so if you do not wish to see them please stop after the warning.Pros:The characters look good.The voice acting will be familiar.There are a few atmospheric areas.Sherry Birkin! (RE2 is still the best of the series imho so nice to see her return)The general presentation is solid.Some of the set piece sequences were fun and well scripted.Cons:The controls feel sluggish and awkward. Also a 1:1 transposition of controller to mouse and keyboard rarely ends well.The cinematic camera often leads to incredibly jarring perspective shifts.The story is incredibly boring. The game contains characters I love and yet in this game I do not care about any of them in the slightest.The characters are never adequately fleshed out. There are a number of new characters introduced with the bare-minimum of back story and we are just expected to care what happens to them. I didn't.The interconnecting storylines should be interesting and add a new dimension to the game and yet everything feels shoehorned together just for the sake of a game mechanic.""Why are we doing this?"" ""Because COD"" So much of the game feels like it is copying elements from the Call of Duty franchise which is so unimaginably stupid for an RE title. ""MORE SPLOSHUNS!!!!!111one1!"" ""WHY?"" ""BECAUSE COD!!!!!!"" It is frankly mornonic in the extreme.The locations quickly become boring.The lighting is atrocious. Dark and atmospheric are not synonymous. There are exceptions in this game but precious few.The enemy design has become ludicrous to the point that they are not frightening or horifying they are now simply irritating.The bosses. Not because of the mechanics themselves, but how the game uses them. Get used to saying ""Again, really? I so don't care anymore.""The music is intrusive to the point I turned it off.No interesting villains.The pacing is non existent. It starts off being incredibly promising. The opening to the first scenario is very well done but before long it ramps everything up to 11 and just leaves it there. FOREVER.In summary, I spent a great deal of my time in this game persisting with tedious sequence after tedious sequence in the hopes that at some point the game would improve, and it just never did. I struggled, literally, through three campaigns before finally having to stop early in the fourth after yet another pointless ""chase"" sequence killed me without me being able to comprehend what I had done wrong. And this is my biggest complaint. These sequences are so frequent that they quickly become just another annoyance to be overcome in order to progress the story. The first sequence was mildly irritating due to the shoddy controls but after a half dozen or so I was ready to throw something. They are that aggravating. I have not been so angry at a game mechanic in a long while. And I have 100 hours or so played in Dark Souls.For fans of the series, I was not truly dissapointed by this game because I simply hate it too much to feel anything else.From this point onwards expect spoilers. You have been warned.Leon's campaign starts well, walking around in a creepy darkened mansion-like building. I was very encouraged early on. The pace slowly ramps up as you progress towards a finale of sorts but once the action reaches a peak it more or less stays there for the rest of the campaign. There is seemingly nothing to the game except for a seris of action sequences loosely connected byt cutscenes that tell you nothing of interest. The same tired plot points are recycled over and over. The same sequences are recycled over and over. You may as well play the first campaign and then watch the rest of the cutscenes somewhere. Even most of them are recycled from campaign to campaign. There is maybe 3-4 hours of total storytelling in this game. The rest is shooting stuff, running away from stuff or getting blown off something by an explosion and being separated from your partner for 5 minutes. There is NOTHING in this game that another game in the series has not done better. And by better I mean if you have played all the games I listed at the beginning you will get nothing new out of this game at all. The story is truly that weak. You just won't care, I promise.Examples;Once Leon and Helena escape the campus they go through various areas killing zombies, and wind up at a cathedral. Up to this point I was enjoying the game. The pacing seemed reasonable and I was expecting at this point to have arrived at the first major location in the game involving exploration, puzzles, secrets and whatnot. Instead what I got was about 10 minutes of trivial puzzles. And so the game progresses in that fashion til the end. And this is where it really begins to suck HARD. You fight a boss and kill it. You then kill stuff for ten minutes and the boss is back. Then you kill things and it comes back. Again and again you fight the same boss with slightly different patterns with seemingly nothing of consequence happening in between. It is just. Plain. BORING. It really just becomes a game of Call of Duty with ""zombies"". You get to a room with cover and stuff tries to kill you for 5 minutes or so. You clear that room, go through a corridor and there is another room with stuff to kill. The decor changes but the enemies are the same and the gameplay never elevates beyond this point. In fact it gets worse.The chase sequences.I had similar doubts about RE5 in truth. But comparing the two there are some critical differences; in RE5 the sequences tend to be mercifully short and they don't rely on a horribly broken control system. The running ahead of a falling floor is achieved in RE5 in a simple and elegent fashion. In RE6 it is painful. You have to manually control you character as you escape a falling floor (notably Chris and Piers on the river in China) but the controls simply do not work properly. I died multiple times due to my character randomly turning 180 and jumping back the way he came. And this happened every time. Irritating, tedious, repetetive. I enjoy challenging. I hate broken.RE4, RE5 and Revelations all have similar gameplay but with more interesting villains and far more engaging stories as well as infinitely superior progression systems.There are AI problems with enemies and partners, level glitches with animations and trigger points and so much more but I have no more space.This game feels unfinished. It is a shameless cash-in with no heart in it. Glad I only payed £5 for it and not £40."
76561197983918013,Not Recommended,221040,12101482,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,CHILLI DOG,"I strted playing this thing and thinking, ""This isn't great but it isn't terrible. I don't know why people hate on this game so much."" I played for about three hours and when I went back the save point was about two hours prior to where I stopped. I guess I'll never be playing this again. Don't waste ten bucks. And it really is on rails more than any other resident evil game."
,Not Recommended,221040,12137672,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,HauntingGrimWolf,"If you are like me who started resident evil along time ago when shinji mikami was working with capcom, you will understand that this game completely derails off the series. This game is nothing but a hollywood blockbuster knock off, capcom is like an old dog that needs to be put out of their misery. Instead of just milking the series scoffing and ignoring the core fans, they should either reboot the game or atleast make another resident evil that follows their main foundation of the series and I believe it is ""Resident evil 1 remake"". Oh did I mention that they should just rename this game to ""Resident Evil: Identity Crisis""? Now that is horrific!!!"
,Not Recommended,221040,12149400,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,tweektsniper14,Pros: Multiple playable charactersCons: Short capaignhorrible control scheme resulting in many deaths and wasted time relaying partsSame old storyThis is just more of the same for this franchise. The controls are god awful and on anything but amatur difficulty settings you'll be spending more time replaying parts than advancing the story. The only reason I bought this game was because I enjoyed the last one and it was cheap. Don't waste your time or money on this game unless you can get it very cheap.
,Not Recommended,221040,12295168,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Mate²,"I would have to first humanize this game to be able to call it inhumane and I'm not willing to degrade the human spirit in the same way this game degraded mine.I can only wish that there was an appropriate phrase/hyrogliph/memetic that appropriately conveyed the feeling I got playing it in any kind of scientific or at least logical confines but the only description I can muster is the feeling of emptiness as a regret that exists outside of tense and beyond the deepest black.Resident Evil was never good, but It never had to be this bad."
76561198025450184,Not Recommended,221040,13366606,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Hekke,"I am resident evil fun. I like shooting zombies. But this game isn't what I was expecting. First at all controling is moved from console really badly. You can have good aming or you can control properly you character, never both in the same time.  Second it's not survival horror any more. It's arcade shooter with zombies. Resident was a game where every sound was scary, music was building tension and every corner could be deadly for you. Now you just run shoot, punch this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (they are unlimted on every area) until you finish some current task.That's what pisses me off is  mutation. Simple human exposed to virus can develop in 300 tons fly or other♥♥♥♥♥♥in no time. You deastroyed that fly? No problem. I will mutate into 15000 ton spider like cow with long legs. Just like that. I know that's the game but it's ridiculous. Allay AI is avarage so game is forcing you to play campaign with online with other people. You get dog-tags, and other unnecsesarry stuff.Creators of this game should spend more time in developing story line and game play, not creating online interactions.I will recomend this game only for people who didn't play resident before and want to play avarage game with pretty graphics. I finished 2 campaign and I'm really borred. Sad."
,Not Recommended,221040,13426523,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Chuck_,"PLEASE READ THE WHOLE REVIEW TO UNDERSTAND THE NEGATIVE RATING PLEASE.Once again, as referenced in other reviews, I am a huge RE fan.Resident Evil 6 was a major change in pace compared to other installments. The gameplay is more fast paced than in other games. The story to this one is also rather different than others as well.When getting down and dirty, this Resident Evil feels more like a shooter than a horror survival. You're running and gunning for the most part. Sure there are a few jump scares here and there however, you just don't get that same feel from this one.  I understand it was done in Resident Evil 4 and 5 however in this one, the zombies shooting at you becomes a little out of place and abnoxious. The AI in that is better than that of what should be in an actual shooter. If you're coming to RE6 to fill the missing void skip this one and go to Revalations.As for the controls and other mechanics of this game, everything is mapped terribly. You'll need to hold Shift and P at one point to avoid a train. The new inventory is fairly difficult to use in a rush and nothing is really explained to you, you're thrown right into the story. Hopefully you won't have to leave to take a dump as you can't pause at all either.Mercenaries makes a return and this is where the fast paced mechanics of this installment shine. With the ""No Mercy"" edition added to this installment, there are hordes and hordes of zombies making the fast paced gameplay exteremely enjoyable. Also just the fact that there's a crossover between this world and Left 4 Dead is outstanding.Being that I did not feel the same vibe I have from other installments, this RE will be getting a negative review from me. However that just me, I like the emersed stories they usually have and enjoy the twists and turns. If you like games like Assassin's Creed, Mirror's Edge, and Splinter Cell Conviction, the gameplay feels a little similar."
,Not Recommended,221040,13627061,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,✪Muenster,Not that good.
,Not Recommended,221040,13655240,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hatsune | ROLLGAMBLE,"the way moving camera is horroble, i can't play at all"
76561197971276010,Not Recommended,221040,13720271,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,skynet2097,"!!!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!This game is nothing like any of the RE games. I'm going to say this as nice as possbile.The controls are crap. The automatic cover system is clunky and it gets constantly in the way, The dialogues and story telling is totally♥♥♥♥♥♥not coherent at all. One minute you are in China and the next you are  halfway around the world. You jump from area to area like mario warps with the pipes. The infected are more skilled then any pilot because the fly tiger choppers between buildings as if was a fly.There are plenty of reviews that get more in depth but a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game like this is just not worth it. not even 1 dollar or a euro. Buy some bubblegum instead, a bubblegum will give at least some pleasure."
,Not Recommended,221040,13726756,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,helmetcondenser,"God help you if you try to play this game, even with friends. Buggy, outrageously unfun compared to RE5, etc. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,221040,16888981,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,tightpants erye,"Can't believe this game is still in use for ten years before the operation, very inconvenient! Operation stopped."
,Not Recommended,221040,16936236,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Buzz,"Thank you CAPCOM for screwing one of your best franchises into the worst you got... Seriously IF you can manage to learn how to play this game, and by learn I mean understand the stupid controls they implemented in this game then and maybe THEN you can actually enjoy the game, I have played RE4 for over 100 hours same as RE5 but this one... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is really hard to even try to play the game. I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off because I really want to finish the story mode but jeez it's not getting easy at all.I actually thought I would hang on after a couple of hours but no, hate you CAPCOM, really hate you for taking away this treasure of mine..."
,Not Recommended,221040,16985807,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Sir Reginald of Merryweather,Game actually feels like half a game when you get to credits. I did it in 10 hours and was bitterly dissapointed
,Not Recommended,221040,17116096,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,evilmustang66,direct x 9 really come on remove dx 10 from re5 cost us our save but yet you cant get with today dx 11 or 12 wow otherwise great story
76561198055161405,Not Recommended,221040,17709123,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,jumbalia3,"Do not buy this game for anything other than co-op.Do not buy it as a horror game because it really has none apart from the game design.Do not buy it as a 3rd person shooter because it has some of the most counter-intuitive 3rd person combat systems I have come across.Do not buy it for its story as it is just overblown tripe full of unlikeable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.If you do buy it bring a co-op partner to help you put up with/ endure:- non-stop unskippable cutscenes that a) serve no purpose or b) you have watched a dozen times already due to stupid checkpointing.- a camera and control scheme that actively fight the player in way too many situations. Context sensitive everything, confusing button combinations leading to gymnastics when you mean to fire etc.- linear levels that still manage to be confusing and disorientating. Entire sections can be hold sprint and run in a direction but you die because you fail to run at a wooden box at just the right angle and have to start the whole section again.- arbitrary game rules. Weapons do no damage to bosses because you haven't killed the bosses current swarm of minions or some other bs reason but one section later you can then damage them.The game does have sections where it clicks and things work well but I cannot recommend this game as it such a struggle to reach these parts."
76561198043147307,Not Recommended,221040,18810700,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,L̡árr͞s̀ D҉r̀e͠em̛urr̛,gtikgrmjoirnoog gr e4f sucks black screen of death
,Not Recommended,221040,18858992,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Rabaal,"First off I would like to say that I very much enjoyed this game on my PS4. I bought this as part of a ""every resident evil"" bundle, because why not right?This is probably one of the worst ports of a game I have ever seen in my life. The controls are absolutely abysmal in every imaginable way. They somehow managed to take something that needed MAYBE four buttons, excluding the directional keys, and make it an exercise in keyboard gymnastics.So many keys that could have just been combined into a single damn key that were, for reasons only the most demented, drug addled soul could decypher, were split onto two or three keys in the case of ""Pick up / open door / action"". You know, they key that the FPS genre figured out 20 years ago could just be bound to E.If you get this game free as part of a cheap bundle, then fine, but don't waste your money buying this game on it's own. Do yourself a favor and just go by the console version."
,Not Recommended,221040,18977792,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Kabam,"-Get to end boss-Game changes controls on you, changes camera angles-Forces you to run and move (with the backward key)-Die 42 times because my RUN BUTTON IS ""E""-Never had to ""RUN"" and use ""BACKWARDS"" before then-Literally can not go into options and change keys at that sequence (because you die instantly)-Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and rest of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story is complete garbage in my rage induced mindLiterally some of the worst gameplay design choices I have ever seen in my life.♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198041806778,Not Recommended,221040,19054836,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,JackDeRipper,"Resident Evil: Gears of War Edition.Gun fight with♥♥♥♥♥♥controls, floaty, slow, this game makes me sleep.It's not a survival horror anymore, no thrill, it's mind-numbing.You're always fighting against gunners.Buy gears of war instead."
76561198135534202,Not Recommended,221040,19133733,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,drabE,"This game has loads of bugs, played coop for some hours and did not find it that fun! Even though max settings and 120 fps it didn't run that well"
76561197988483267,Not Recommended,221040,19164391,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Ash,"Big fan of the series since the beginning, and never have I liked a Resident Evil game so little. The combat is inconsistent, and firearms feel ineffectual and useless against enemies. The majority of the damage you take is from unavoidable ""surprise"" events, reducing any feeling of accomplishment or control. The game is packed with quick-time events as well, and they are poorly integrated into the flow of the action.I did not have the feeling that my actions or skill level, good or bad, actually had anything to do with the progression of the game. Death is hardly a failure, as dying actually gets you some life back and and a refill of ammo. When it takes between 3 and 10 shots to the head at close range to kill a standard zombie on standard difficulty, you are going to run out of ammo. I defaulted to running around zombies and using melee attacks against them, which feels clunky and unsatisfying.Buy this if you are a hardcore fan looking to continue the series. The story is not bad, the gameplay is poor and unsatisfying. Many other modern games have taken the old RE formula and done it better (Evil Within, Dead Space and Alan Wake come to mind)."
76561197971032400,Not Recommended,221040,19180066,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,ESpy,"What a load of unmitigated garbage.  The storyline is good, but the gameplay is utterly atrocious - from the major irritations like camera angles being swapped causing control problems, to the tedious and over abundant quick time events (fail to press the button in time?  Oops, dead, reload, redo from start), to not being able to skip or exit scripted sequences (or credits for that matter) or even pause the game.  No logic in the controls, lots of pointless button mashing, no brain required.Console tripe.  Might have made an OK animated film, but frankly with some of the level of interaction required that's about all it is."
76561198041491568,Not Recommended,221040,24672523,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ThatVideoGameGuy,Wow this game is terrible when compared to the previous entries in the series. More quick time events have been placed. The camera angle is forced sometimes which in and of its self isn't the end of the world except for when the game completly stops you from seeing forward to force you to look at something like oh I don't know a random door. No more gun upgrade system it's instead replaced with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ buying skill system. (once you buy the few you want there isn't anything else you need to spend on). Very linear gameplay. No reason to really explore. No more interesting puzzles. Rocket launcher shots some times do loads of damage to you but other times only does one bar (when hit dead on or not). Enemies who shoot you will make you fall back for no reason. And god forbid you get me started on the stupid slide mechanic. Some times you will play the same part twice for example their is a part where you play Leon's campaign that you then replay the same exact part with Chris. Or even gamepley wise there is a collect the keys part that has the same exact enemy and idea in both.Final Verdict: Resident Evil 6: Micheal Bay edition.
,Not Recommended,221040,1246545,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Disaster ★★★★★☆☆,"worst game i played in the last few months, controls are really really bad, either with controller or keyboard, gameplay is just to hectic and not well explained, played this with a friend, for the first 30 minutes we had no clue what was supposed to happen til we died ... and quitted the gameplus, there are still plenty of bugs, in game voice is constantly on and you cant turn it off whatsoeveruntil there is no patch to fix all those problems i really dont recommend this to anyone ..."
,Not Recommended,221040,3524650,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,DarkNye,"a load of poo, avoid like a ginger fat bird"
,Not Recommended,221040,4792290,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Lotuseater24,"This game is complete trash, the mercenaries is about the only thing that is good about it. Agent Hunt is just an excuse to ruin someone else's singleplayer game. Multiplayer is dead, and the story is not even close to mediocre at best. This is a game that wasn't even built for the diehard fans, it slaps the entire franchise in the face, with its design choices, single player story, campaigns, and somehow worse AI than RE5. I stomached my way through three campaigns, but could not get through Ada's, simply because the game throws quick time events, constant crap, and frankenstein controls at you, at a rate that a computer would have a hard time accomplishing. Out of all the campaigns, most of the setpieces fall apart, sequences where you get chased auto fail, bugs stop a one hour mission, AI incompetence kills a few more, and all that aside, you end up having to play a few missions in their entirety more than once because the game was designed for two people, but you like your friends too much to force this one on them. ORC had a lot of things wrong, but it wasn't so bad it couldn't be playable with a friend, this one is so bad you feel ashamed to ask a mate to join you. Absolutely one of the worst purchases I've ever made since switching to PC, and I bought Arkham Knight at launch, this game is marred not by technical issues, but by every designer that added something to this game and wasn't gunned down at Capcom for even suggesting it. This is not a game for anyone that enjoys well-built or even enjoyable games, and even a masochist would have a hard time getting a stiffy through a single playthrough. It wouldn't be beyond belief to imagine Capcom execs sitting around a room discussing everything they've gotten right so far and deciding to 86 all those ideas. Remember somewhat competent AI in RE0? ♥♥♥♥ that. How about a cheesy story with some kind of conspiracy that doesn't take itself too seriously? nope. People really seemed to like RE4, since it blended survival horror and action almost perfectly... but Michael Bay wants to give us a discount. If we had a small scale nuke to destroy anything on the planet, I would wait until time travel was invented and launch it directly into the RE6 development studio mid-development. This game is so bad it singlehandedly destroyed any credibility that the RE franchise had left when it released, and every move they've made since has been a desparate attempt to win back the hearts of fans. It is so bad it makes me question my loyalty to the franchise, and that is the absolutely worst thing you could do, when Silent Hill died in the hands of Konami, this was basically a stillbirth."
,Not Recommended,221040,10840493,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ShiftySatchmo,"Nowhere close to the glory of RE 4...heck I'd rather even play 5 again. Graphics are OK, plot is stupid, game is not scary or difficult. Just play one of the other RE games instead."
76561197965867066,Not Recommended,221040,11099698,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Gloom~,Should call it something else than Resident Evil 6 / Biohazard 6 like shity quicktime sunset beach15/100
,Not Recommended,221040,12073676,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,subZero,One sentence: Do not buy in any means. Not even from a discount sale.
,Not Recommended,221040,12073681,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Dalloni,"Dont actually get it, how on earth is it possible to make a game this bad. I mean the gameplay itself has no options, you get graph options and so on. You dont have option to select co-op whatsoever. This game is horribly executed for pc. If i could i would give this game back and get my money back... not even worth buying from sales."
76561198052594221,Not Recommended,221040,26495958,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Still Zero #13,"I want really love this game, but i just can`t.There are just too much hit (insert key(s) here) as fast you can or you are dead. And after dying couple dozens time on same spot cause your camera turns around when you are trying to escape you`ll become quite frustrated.Story is good, almost great, but something is just missing.Tl;dr:If you want to test how fast you can hit E/R/V/space etc... this is your game.If you want good old Resident Evil experience i can not recommend this game with good conscience."
76561198034144218,Not Recommended,221040,33994482,Posted: 3 August,all,Lukan,"The game just plays terribly.Cons --The controlls are wacky for keyboard and mouse, I even tried to play with a controller for a little bit and that didn't make it any better.-You can't pause the game (to my knowledge),-The gameplay itself - while challenging - is more annoying than fun. Zombies jumping at you and tackling you, taking out usually 1 ~ 3 (of the 7 you have, and this happens every time you're trying to melee a zombie because you're out of ammo) hearts before you can even get them off of you no matter how fast you are.-The camera angle control is abysmal. It literally spazms in all directions while sprinting. Good luck seeing anything while you're moving that way.-Every time you open a door it's a mini-cutscene you can't skip.-The dialogue is hilariously crappy. You can make a lot of fun out of it.Pros --The dialogue is hilariously crappy. You can make a lot of fun out of it.-If you play with a friend this game can be absolutely hilarious for at least 2 hours.-It's stupidly fun if you can laugh at it with a friend.It is absolutely not worth $30. Let me put it this way - You could get this, or you could get either Fallout 4 or SOMA for the same price. Yeah.HOWEVER, if it were to go on sale for $15 bucks or less you should definitely consider buying it if you have another friend who would like to have a spaztic time with you."
76561198108031310,Not Recommended,221040,26430045,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"Its because of this game, that Capcom decided to redo the whole concept of RE. Soooooo........yeah, thats sayin somethin...."
76561198079606055,Recommended,221040,19759291,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,?????,YESSSSSS.
,Not Recommended,221040,26897857,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GhOsT89,rue the day i bought this game
,Recommended,221040,23328543,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ko Maungatautari te maunga.,This game has been out for a while now yet graphically and gameplay wise it\'s far better than alot of mainstream games coming out at the moment (looking at you COD). There are four campaigns which take about 5 or 6 hours each to complete if you speed run it on the easiest difficulty however it gets quickly very challenging if you up the difficulty level. It has one of the best soundtracks in video games with characters that you get attachted to very quickly. Once you play through two or three campaigns you see where each campaigns\' falls onto the RE 6 timeline and how each one intertwines with the others as you meet the main characters for the other campaigns in the one you are playing. This game is one of the best optimised games for pc and is not really demanding CPU and graphic card wise to run however i\'d stronglt recommend to have a pc to run this on the highest quality the characters and the levels are brilliantly detailed and is easy to make the mistake that the game was made this year and not 2012/13 (when it came out).  Definitely worth getting regardless if it\'s on sale or not.
76561198039942668,Recommended,221040,24304192,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Gabe,"THIS GAME IS LIKE A UNBORN CHILD THAT WAS NOT WANTED,but sidenote Leon returning with Ada was the the♥♥♥♥♥♥lets be honest there. Also you may may not know this most of the game is cutscene and other♥♥♥♥♥♥that will probally bore the ♥♥♥♥ out of you. P.S over review i like this ♥♥♥♥ing game with my heart."
76561198052274424,Recommended,221040,22727104,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,MagraTV,"I bought this game when it first came out back when it was released on PS3, and I have had it for some time now on PC.I love Resident Evil. I have been a fan for this series since I was like 4 years old watching my uncle play it behind my bed sheets. Despite what everyone has said about this game I do believe it was worth every penny, it is a good game with a good story behind it. Is it scary? No, however it does have a few jump scares here and there. This game is more of an action movie if anything with your typical Michael Bay explosions and what not but don't let that stop you from buying this game and having fun. There's been many times where I do feel like they're turning Leon into a God where he survives places where no human can survive - now I realize this is a game. I realize he is the cash cow of Resident Evil, however if they added some form of realism to this game I feel like it would of been golden. I'm not asking for certain characters to be completely killed off. I am just saying it'll be nice to have some ""realism"" into the game."
,Recommended,221040,5417442,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Kilim,its a game that tries hard to not be a game but its still a game that doesnt feel like a game but feels like a game
76561198035283988,Recommended,221040,17259261,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,morteza56,awesome game i ever play about zomies . better than movies .
,Recommended,221040,29068494,Posted: 6 January,all,Cake_Enterprise,The only game where Chris doesn't punch a boulder.
,Recommended,221040,1235073,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,♿ FreeTek[CZ] ♿,podle mě  jeden z nejlepších residen evilu  co sem hrál ( a to jsme  je hrál i na ps1 )na výběr  hodně  postav.....  kooperace  po internetu taky luxusníikdyž  sem se kolikrát smál  jakého tam vymyslely  posldního zmutovaného bosse :D ale jinak povedeny  kousek  pro zambie fandy
,Not Recommended,221040,13405565,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Fauxee,"The first time I saw the Resident Evil 6 logo I knew I had to have the game, then i found out that there isn't actually any scene where a giraffe gets sucked off i was sorely disappointed."
76561197967605168,Not Recommended,221040,13215836,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,exile,"Capcom has forsaken its own fan base, forgotten what made them successful in the first place. I had to force myself to finish this one. Convulted plot, atrocious dialogue and mind-numbing linearity are enough to sink this franchise to a new low."
,Not Recommended,221040,17552682,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,KJay,"I didn't like the camera works. oh yeah, and no flashlight."
,Not Recommended,221040,23589514,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Squirrels,"I've played through and beaten every RE game except for this one. Installed it twice, ragequit within an hour each time.It's not a hard game, but it's unique in it's ability to actually offend the player constantly by taking away or limiting control for the sake of delivering a garbage moment. Hell, you can't even shoot zombies that are lying dormant, waiting for an ambush, until they attack you.Game is poop from a butt. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,221040,16551120,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,2$hort,"i can't tell if this is a game or a movie.No options at main menu to load a save game.Was forced to watch the same into 3 times till i can adjust my video setting and can not bypass it.Nothing worse then button press commands on a screen that take you out of the game.Nothing worse then these same commands that do nothing, its an illusion that the gamer has any control in some cutscene shots. ( (L) ) to move around - go any direction and you walk forward, don't touch it you walk forward, its more like they just advance the cutscene rather then actually teach you the commands.This game feels like your forced to watch a movie instead of playing a game.I can't even get into the game cause after exiting at a save point to readjust my screen brightness since it gives you zero options in game to doit.  I am either forced to replay the crappy tutorial cutscene intro or just move on to another game so i can't really get a good Gameing experience.cutscenes are ok, but forceing people to watch them over and over with no way to bypass is a massive fail.The Graphics look great, and i really wish i could get deeper into the game, but i can't waste time doing the same tutorial 4 times  in a row because the developers never thought to include a load option at the main menu.Press anykey, video setting, brightness, loading content skipping any savepoints or checkpoints reach - load new game - That was my experience..   Last time i checked in games like this a checkpoint or means you could quit and come back later and pick up were you left off: NOPE i was wrong and won't waste 30 min going back through all those stupid Cutscene intro again and again."
76561198051133477,Not Recommended,221040,17254849,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Gesst,"What I liked: Messing around with the gun animationsWhat I didn't Like: Everything else about this game. Mainly, the controls just feel clunky."
,Not Recommended,221040,19261454,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Ferris,"Copious amounts of explosions, QTE's, scripted cutscenes, repeat, rinse. Resident Evil 6 is not really bad, but it's just not particularly good either."
,Not Recommended,221040,12226457,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Oldboy [1/505],"This game is a piece of crap.The graphics go from acceptable to suddenly looking like a PS2 port, at times it actually looks like an old Resident Evil game with how muddy the textures can look. The user interface is ugly, dated looking and even looks low resolution at times (noticeably on the type) and has terrible key mapping.The gameplay is actually boring because it's not very difficult, in fact at times it just gets you plain angry when the QTE moments ♥♥♥♥ you over and other similar♥♥♥♥♥♥moves. This isn't the Resident Evil I remember playing years ago, it's just a generic and sloppy action game. If you want a good third person action game play Max Payne instead.This game does have one positive thing:Ada Wong's nice♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221040,12618182,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Arken,"Pros:-Graphics-Multiplayer-Multiple gameplay scenariosCons:-Clunky controls-QTE infestation-Button mapping is trash-Generally, bad partner AI"
,Not Recommended,221040,12647448,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Solger Barky-Sharky,horrible peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Crap of the year 2013
,Not Recommended,221040,7799102,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Vegan Atheist,"What went wrong here? Well, everything.The gameplay, arguably the most important part of most if not any game, is broken. The camera, which was allegedly fixed shortly after the console release, is still broken. Basically, it jerks you around every time you are trying to do anything. When you are running, the camera pulls back and views everything from the low vantage point. Basically, it makes you NOT see your surroundings pretty well. When you try to melee someone, it pulls your forward and then in all different directions.Another thing, Dead Space 3 introduced the roll option. I barely used it and didn't like it much. DS2 worked perfectly fine without it. However, all you needed to do was use your WSAD keys along with the SPACE key to pick which way you wanted to roll. Pretty easy. Not in this game. If you want to roll left, click Z. If you want to roll right, click C. If you want to roll back, click X. If you want to roll/slide forward, click 2. Convenient, huh? Don't bother using it, because when you divert one of your fingers to try to roll left or right you will expose yourself to harm by not being able to use WSAD effectively because you only have 5 fingers.I also had to turn brightness all the way up. Why? Well, evidently folks at CAPCOM were creating this game for consoles without PC in mind. So when you are walking in a dark environment and looking straight you see that 'dark fog' slowly lifting up revealing everything (like in the good old days on PS1). THEN, all of a sudden you see a zombie 3 feet away that jumps you. WHY? WHY? WHY? WHY?Should I mention there are re-spawning enemies in most areas? Should I mention how frustrating it is when you try to make a pathway for your partner but the enemies keep respawning behind you while your partner is running out of bullets since it takes good 10-15 to turn that wheel and lower the bridge? Hell, they also have respawning enemies on a falling airplane!Also, two people pushing a 20 ton rock boulder?Yeah, Count me out.One of the most annoying things in this game is the jumping zombies. Yeah, one second they are slowly walking towards you and another moment they are flying towards you with their arms open. Then they knock you down which is when you have to press WSAD keys all over the place to get them off. However, while doing so your health will STILL DRAIN. Oh, and another thing about health. This is how you heal. You first combine green and red herbs by pressing R in the small menu, when you figure out how to do that you have to look at the bottom right to see how many pills you have. The amount of pills = the amount of health bars. If you want to use it then click 1 three times. Yeah, I know, it's totally idiotic. Try to figure that out during battle. Better yet, try to figure out how to use the spray quickly. 4 hours into the game and I still had trouble healing myself quickly because the menus ARE CLUNKY AND BROKEN.There are so many other negatives in this games. The more I played it, the worse it got. I thought about RE5 and just how much more superior it was to this game. RE5 graphics were better for one thing and that was 5 years ago. RE5 had directx10, a semi-bearable story, better refined gameplay, cool environments, decent textures, worked out physics (shooting with a shotgun actually meant 3-4 zombies flying back), plenty of hidden treasures, etc. Each enemy required some kind of accuracy and finesse. In RE6 however you just punch zombies to death, and even THAT doesn't always work. If you have one health left your punches don't mean a thing and your screen flashes constantly with the white and red vomit inducing in-nauseating glow. And when you or your partner gets knocked down your screen flashes for 2 seconds with white and red so that you can't see anything. THEN, right after that you try to figure out who exactly got knocked down, your partner or you? I KID YOU NOT.Btw. why does Ada Wong look Caucasian? She definitely did a nose job. Perhaps Capcom was hoping to attract more Western players or something?Oh, did I also mention that cutscenes during boss battles don't leave you immune from small enemies? Yeah. Let's say you are fighting a boss and then they show a mid-battle cutscene, you WILL get hurt by a nearby zombie during that time.One of the mistakes they made is give you the ability to punch, kick and kick in mid air after running (Like in Double Dragon). Which is a yet another insult to the series. Another mistake is giving you the ability to punch ANYTIME you want, and not just when there is a dazzled foe in front of you. So you may just end up spamming the punch button all over the place until you basically clubber the zombie into the oblivion. If you do a finishing move and there is a zombie that's swinging a shovel at you then you WILL get hit right after your finishing move.There's no more $ that you collect and use towards purchasing weapons and upgrades anymore. Noooo, they scrapped all that. Now you pick up ""skill points"" after slain enemies and then and then and then....Oh that's right, when do I use those skill points towards upgrading my character? Umm, NEVER in the game. (I was playing on the highest difficulty so maybe that's why, but regardless). You have to quit the game and go into main menu, click campaign and then click SKILL POINTS. And then you have about 30 skills or perks to buy and upgrade and only 3 SLOTS to put them in. This is useless. You can't buy any weapons, you will find a few extra though but you will still be using your main beginning pistols for most of the campaign.Anyways, I am sure more things will come up. I just can't think of every single idiotic point about this game so I will keep updating this review.I don't know what else to say. I felt a lot of hate from Capcom. I felt that I was being punished for something. It seems like they made this installment simply because it was that time to make another RE game.SAVE YOUR MONEY."
,Not Recommended,221040,26345926,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bilbo,"This feels like a mobile game to the god damn top. Its just a rollercoaster ride. I dont know why somepeople can praise it in these obscure ways. The player models look all damn fine, the maps you play on look like a 3ds game. The guns feel all terrible like shooting a BB gun. What the ♥♥♥♥ is up with this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221040,29456882,Posted: 23 January,all,عمر,"+ Can run on a potato- Laughable dialogue- Clunky controls- Unfocused story- Awfully pacedDon't bother with this one, just get RE7 instead."
,Not Recommended,221040,26041241,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,MCD CSGO500,Lol nice game fagcom insta death after cutscene? Nice meme 10/10 Game of the Year 1995
76561198040954532,Not Recommended,221040,25046066,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Jigga Nones,"Im 2 hours into this game and already it brings disgrace to the Resident Evil franchise, They may have walking AND aiming in this one but every other mechanic seems broken or not finished, the games flow feels inorganic and a lot of the dificulty comes from being out of ammo and having to use a knife, which they got rid of the hot key for.  Try again capcom and lets pretend this never happened"
,Not Recommended,221040,7981157,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Mutrux,Hot street trash.
76561198273775307,Not Recommended,221040,29229920,Posted: 13 January,all,wujoh1,"I'm not one to do this but i played the game for about 5 minutes, I seriously wanted to throw up. idk maybe its fine if you liked re5 but im a fan of the re series from 1-3 even 4 was okay but i have no idea where they are trying to take this series. the resident evil games as i know them have stopped after resident evil code veronicaEdit: I did play through Leons campaign which was ok ignoring the fact that every monster not including bosses was taken straight from left4dead but the rest of the campaigns were basically gears of war, you shoot the enemy shoots bullets flying everywhere basically the same thing i said about re 5, no puzzles you just run down a straight path the whole game guns a'blazing. Doesnt mean its a bad game it just not Resident Evil"
,Recommended,221040,7942076,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Daddy,This is by far the worst Resident Evil I have ever played. GG Capcom.
76561198002561766,Not Recommended,221040,29573133,Posted: 29 January,all,Sherbert T Cat,"On a technical level, its not a bad game. But its just not a very compelling game. Sure its long, but long games are only good, if they can hold your interest throughout."
76561198016104633,Not Recommended,221040,31757144,Posted: 14 May,all,LordInfernus,"It is a reasonably nice game in the whole RE saga, but the makers of this game thought it was nice to make the game harder by just adding twisting camera viewpoints during parcours gauntletts. This makes for very frustrating gameplay, when you have to run along bends, without seeing your character, or the bends for that matter.I did enjoy the story. I did enjoy most of the zombie shooting. But that playstation feeling of running these obstacle courses with an idiot for a camera man..... It just ruins the flow of the game."
,Recommended,221040,12023828,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,*LUCIFER*,I would go as far as to say this is by far the best Resident Evil game to date.I give this game a 10/10.
76561198067409215,Not Recommended,221040,11144134,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Gizzmo,what should i start with...the gameplay? the controls? the 1 hit kills? SEROUSLY capcom needs to get there things together.i played cris and leons campains till i stoped because those are the only good ones the rest suck.capcom either make a new great game and not DLC for a 5 year game AND MAKE A BETTER GAME SERIES.A new one...i am giveing this componey 1 more chance or i will tell all my steam friends and everyone i know not to buy your stupid games...my final rateing for this stupid unfinished game is a 3/10 bad everything i stop leons campain because a stupid one hit kill from gas...the stupid camrea changes at the last second and i die... i had a counter and had 30 then stopped the last time i played a campain becides leons was in may...OF 2013! never going to buy a resident evil till its better
76561197981792853,Not Recommended,221040,12089175,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Beelzebub,The first Resident Evil game that's actually worse than the movies. Congratulations Capcom. You're lucky I even gave it a chance after the horrible intro fiasco.
76561198003711205,Not Recommended,221040,9264156,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,NandusMasta,"La verdad si van a jugar este juego por que son fans de los originales, tomen mi recomendación y olviden totalmente su existencia. La verdad no tiene nada que ver con los originales, esto no es survival horror, es un juego de acción de espectaculo en tercera personas; tipo NADA que ver. Aparte la historia y exposición apesta pero mal, el guión es malisimoooooo y la acción es toda lineal; no hay nada de exploración siquiera. Es como que el juego te arrastra a través de una mala película de acción, que ademas tiene zombies y para el colmo te frustra mal con los peores controles ever ... En fin mejor evitar este y esperar el eventual e inevitable remake."
,Not Recommended,221040,9266120,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sanders D. Rain,"Dear CAPCOM if you expect me after finishing Leon campaign to play for Cris ""Testosterones"" Redfield or Jake you are gravely mistaken!Why i despise this game:1. QTE - it's horrible.2. CO-OP - my partners AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as hell. In a boss fight she keeps firing a with a pistol.3. Plot - i personally love the old RE plot. yeah it's a little bit of b rated plot but i still loved it on play-station. but in RE6 it's a disaster! in my entire life the was only 2 games that i say so many times ""WHY?"". First it was Medal Of Honor Warfighter, and second was RE6. I pretty imagine the stupidity of the plot when Leon starts talking with zombie president. Does he have amnesia or something? and where is all the files that i can read?4. Boss fights - first of all A ****ING FLY for a final boss fight? are you kidding me? that is not creative CAPCOM that is just lazy! and instead of creating multiply enemy bosses you just keep bringing the same guy over and over and over again!5. ""Survival Horror"" - amnesia is a survival horror!  penumbra is a survival horror! outlast is a survival horror! cry of fear is a survival horror! RE6 is a mash up everything and in the end it's a whole lot of nothing!"
,Not Recommended,221040,13601430,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Celes Psycho ツ,"I am a Resident Evil fan... but this game.. wow man. SUCK badControls are horribleI cant play a game like this.No main menu until you end an endless intro without knowledge of the game, in absolute darkness. Everytime you die you must return to the ""check point"" and see cutscenes all over again... while the game is forcing your to finish the introduction to display the main menu.Common sense tells you the intro should be short and simple, nope. Cutscenes all the time, total darkness, the Screen Settings menu which is the only accessible when the game starts have errors. For example asking you for a number six to be ""barely visible"". If you do that, would be like directly turning off the screen.Then.. why you are tired and with headache playing the intro you cant quit the game, the only way is Alt F4 or Windows key and Task Manager ...WTF??This HUGE ERROR they made with the intro makes you hate the game each instant."
,Not Recommended,221040,18006561,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Elvilys,"Oh jogo lixo!O ""port"" mais porco q já vi na vida para a versão PC."
,Not Recommended,221040,8370788,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ivanzipfer,The best company in this game it's company for the LeonThe other company is terribly because you have to run in cut scene when camera has epilepsy
76561197999761032,Not Recommended,221040,16420660,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Luster,"Are all these positive reviews just trolls? This game is not even close to the Resident Evil franchise name. It's like you're playing Call of Duty. Stop trolling. This is a horrible Resident Evil game. Great Call of Duty game, however."
,Not Recommended,221040,13897394,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,[RSS] Cmdr. Logan,"Awful game. After the immense letdown I've had with Resident Evil 4, RE6 came to tell me I shouldn't waste another cent in this franchise. Graphic quality  and gameplay are good, but the excess of exaggerated cutscenes that resembles 80's action movies, childish animations you'd expect to see in an anime and stereotyped dialogs kill the mood in a single second.Without further ado, with its most recent games and movies, Resident Evil has become a pitiful excuse of the successful franchise that chilled me to the bone in my childhood.And what's with the damn logo that looks like a guy sucking a giraffe, anyway?2/10."
76561197978397616,Not Recommended,221040,33573910,Posted: 15 July,all,HEX|S,"Hot garbage. Highly scripted, most cutscenes and QTEs I have ever seen in a game. Great if it was a movie, but for a game, not a whole lot."
,Recommended,221040,18758657,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Nitrocide,"By far the best RE game I've ever played. Apart from the stunning graphics, one thing I like in particular is the smooth and blending combat in this game. The controls have beenTaylored( ;) ) to perfection. Length of the story modes also sort of satisfied me. Unfortunately it did feel like the same story was being played over and over again. But then again, that was the whole idea. This point may or may not be liked by a few people so, look out if you're not into such stuff.A previous knowledge into the RE series is, thankfully, NOT required to understand this game much. I, for one, am a huge RE fan but to be honest my memory resembles that of an elephant (or an ant, whichever has a weaker one) and I forget things. I don't really recall what happened in the last games even though I've played them a lot of times. Even watched all of the movies (both real and animated ones). However, if one truly wants to indulge complete with the story and the background, try quickly using wikipedia and speed reading some of it. Helps if you want to dive in deep.I played this game alone but it does have the option to play it with one more player/friend. Personally this was one of those I do better on my own but in any case, more people to play with is always better!In short:Story: 10/10Graphics: 8/10 (probably debatable considering how graphics keep getting better and better day by day)Controls: 9/10 (a few times in the game I was let down by how the camera view changed, but that might just be me)This gets my ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) seal of approval."
,Not Recommended,221040,26723562,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,rigs19,"Very bad game. Regardless of the story, the mechanics, controls, camera, and decision to over-script everything makes this a game I wouldn't have bought for a dollar if I'd have known what I was getting into."
76561198041823514,Not Recommended,221040,15120521,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Fast Normal,"Now that Resident Evil 5 has achievements! WHOOP!!! Leave this pile of trash where it belongs in the landfill and enjoy this game again or for the first time?! Chris is a beast, Sheva isn't completely useless so Resi 5 beats this hands down :) I don't know what happened with this release seriously any other Resident Evil apart from Umbrella Chronicles is better than this even Gun Survivor 2 (Well maybe it ain't that bad) but seriously if you pay the £20 asking price for this the only evil thing about it will be the crime on your bank balance! :) I still believe Capcom can come back from this garbage P.S. I am loving Resident Evil Revelations 2 so far! :)"
,Recommended,221040,7742386,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,BurntCornFlakes [CDP],"Not an amazing game, but you can go through several different story lines that connect with each other, its actually pretty neat. If you liked Resident Evil 4, dont get this, and if you have never played it or didnt like, get this.Oh, and its not scary at all."
76561198053307993,Recommended,221040,5637020,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,croteam,"What can I tell about this game...Its really so freakin awesome!I think re6 even better than re 5.I hope this game will have a great future.10/10 And i think its the best game of this year.If you're agree, post some comments."
76561198090011036,Not Recommended,221040,11377358,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Nomad,"I am a very big fan of Resident evil games, but there is no way on earth that i can call THIS game Resident evil, it's more like a third person zombie killing game. i played Resident evil games for 5 years over and over and over again and never got tired or bored of playing them. But this? Capcom? hello? how the hell you call this resident evil? if i want to compare re6 to re4 i could say that re4 has scary sounds and suprise attacks form unknown monsters coming from nowhere and scare the hell out of you with strange mysteries that sometimes take ages to do, awesome guns and upgrades that you have to buy from a strange man in different parts of the game and the fact that if you wanted to save your game you had to save with one of those old typing machines and so many more things. But re6 has none of those things, all i can see in re6 is shooting and killing zombies with third person with a little action and that's it. i don't recommand this game AS A RESIDENT EVIL game since to be honest in my opinion the game has a wrong title. strory ends very soon as well compare to re4 and makes the rest of the game boring. very horrible version of resident evil, i think Capcom should do something srs for the next resident evil, game man this one is just so aweful."
76561198137728235,Not Recommended,221040,12080033,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Xedhadeaus,"This game... Is such a mixed bag it's silly.The first thing I should ask is... Why do you think all of the resident evil games cost the same amount right now?In my opinion, to have a surefire way to grab users who want the current game if it's the same price, because why not?I have heard many good things about both, but My knowledge of both fall short and I can only assume.So, what's good about this game?The models, the immersion, the vocals, the co op,  graphics, even the interface is passible provided you aren't in a major shuffle. The game is pretty much a movie where you have to keep the controller handy iat moments akin to the final destination 3 bonus feature where you can control people's destinies. There actually aren't that many quick time events outside of leon's story so far for me. SO FAR! I played through leon's story and am halfway into sherry's story. Resident evil 6 does exceedingly well at making most of the characters likable and actually makes you feel like you are playing in a party during the game. The cutscenes to the context shared pool of ""we have to survive"" There are a lot of things to find and serpent files to fish for. Again, the models in the game are really good, If you are the kind of gamer who doesn't care as long as it looks good, just buy it, because it does pull off all of its good ends without a hitch, and so well it's as tolerable as repititiveness in a sandbox game with good graphics and open spaces.But in my opinion, that's where it ends, If you were screening this game off to a friend or group of followers they'd almost be permitted to bring glasses and popcorn, because from the screen to the viewer, it is magnificent.As a player, however, the gameplay makes me upset out of the health system and the general mechanics of the game itself. Bosses will stab and pretty much kill animate you for the same damage that a legless zombie can get out of your ankles. One unit. The units do not always empty completely so there's no real excuse. I don't understand how getting stabbed 6 times or taking about 6 shots of damage allows for the unit of damage to still recover but god forbid my ankles get slapped... Please, jump in the river Styx completely before you come back. Also... staggers... Where are they when you need them? I can stagger in monster hunter with No effort mid attack, whatever, But here, shooting a shotgun shell at a zombie in mid leap does nothing unless they will die from it. I don't get how that works, and in that sense, George Bush would have gotten hit by both of those shoes. Now, I know not all games work as well with mechanics but capcom has already had working systems in games like lost planet and the earlier mentioned monster hunter.Also, the game rarely mentions how they want you to do things, Zombie epedemic survivors like leon should want to shoot dead bodies on the floor or sever anything even remotely close to intact or infected, but they do not, and act surprised when they finally come to life after they tripped over them just to get to the key. again... movie experience. Meanwhile they let loose on zombies they can almost be sure still have some sort of consciousness. I don't get it. Other times they tell you you need to do something and have a feild set to almost show you you're going to be doing area defense. hey, sever that! okay! Let me waste all of my ammo when you really want me to jump on his back. How was I supposed to know that when you're respawning 9mm ammo from cases I destroyed 10 minutes ago? It just makes zero sense. And I feel like someone screaming at the movies because they just make really poor decisions overall. You see a zombie with a machine gun? a sniper? You cannot have their gun. And if you see a sniper sight you? You better hope there's a wall nearby because he's not going to miss. Hey look, lockers, let me hide in one hopefully they will have to actually look before finding me or giving up, found instantly. If you're playing next to someone who played and mastered resident evil 5, They're probably going to give you the look of grief until it finally happens to them.Quickshot... how about an aim mode that doesn't obligate me to use it if they're too close. The aim and controls are akin to being in sniper mode. Someone leaps behind you, you either sprint away, hope you can turn and aim fast enough to make the shot, and if it does not kill or stun fast enough you will get hit, or quickshot. In my opinion, It's just bad news, even online players aren't as blatant about noscope as this game is. Capcom can do better. Because quickshot should not cost stamina when you're trying to simulate relatively close shots. The cover system Is very workable, but sprinting around in circles is more effective currently for me, as sniper enemies seem to never exist when you can actually dodge the shot. That being said, quickshot has a multitude of uses that can be good or bad, they ultimately open some characters up to empty their clips on enemies with guns, or they just miss and give a better more closer opportunity to aim properly. Quickshot is necessary, but not a need, in my opinion the quickshot system is a clear call that they expect you to never have an opportunity to sit still. It's probably the biggest mixed bag in the game, because It takes a lot of load off of the developers for making a shooting system that pretty much lacks in terms of the situation at hand. But hey, resident evil does feature an intricate targeting system where certain areas do more damage, they've been doing it forever, so maybe I'm just doing it wrong, I am okay with that.The inventory system is another thing that makes me cringe. you cant hold two herbs but you can hold 200 9mm bullets. I have no first aid spray but it's forever bonded to an icon in my selection. You can carry every gun in the game but you can't carry the ammo stack.I know this is supposed to be survival horror, But failing to organize their inventory or not even saying, wow player, this is not going to work, at all. Your partner is telling you good job when you just mutated 3 enemies and they're going rogue while your partner is firing a pistol. A PISTOL. Even dynasty warriors will slap you with variants of you're too far out when you are clearly making the game harder than it has to be, Not this game. Hey, push a huge dumpster to move along the game. Oh an umbrella token is under the table? BLOW UP THE WHOLE TABLE THERES NO OTHER WAY! Why capcom?I enjoy the game when I can ignore these things, and don't mind getting killed from an ankle slap occasionally. But even at the end of a story, It just feels like you're a witness and not really playing the game. Alright I shook off that zombie, who cares, just got smacked by a train. I have to open that hatch before we all die, My partner is being ignored because he's using one pistol... LEON YOU HAVE TWO PISTOLS WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING. Like I said, as a movie this thing gets a million out of 10. But as a game, by developers who clearly know how to do things they've pretty much missed, no. I think everyone I personally would try to recommend this game to will think I am either a monster at games for not seeing how easy it is to die constantly, or rude enough to make people pay for a badly executed gaming experience. Listen to what everyone is saying, It is very arcade oriented, Being scared because you didn't reload or out of not having a clear idea of how the game wants you to defeat the enemy is not survival horror, It's having opinionated multiple choice answers and you slightly disagree with all of them.I enjoy it because I have it, But unless you're up for some really bad turns. Or think the online experience may be different. (I do admit my online intersection was laughably easy save for the fact we were stuck mashing x for 5 minutes because of reasons I am not aware of) I am not mean enough to tell you to buy the game."
,Not Recommended,221040,22592319,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Prototype,"Dont buy this, its garbage"
,Not Recommended,221040,11241326,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Reginald Fritz,"This game is seriously the biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I've played in a long time. ♥♥♥♥ing Operation Racoon city is better than this♥♥♥♥♥♥fest. Leons campaign is constant ♥♥♥♥ you deaths from backgrounds, gunplay is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ characters suck everything about this game is♥♥♥♥♥ Give your money charity if you want to buy this and watch a playthrough on youtube, way less stressful and probably more enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,221040,12068683,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,neha1em,One of the worst purchases I've made on steam.
76561197972459961,Not Recommended,221040,13313416,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,-Divine-,"This game has bad presentation, bad atmosphere (no atmosphere actually), bad music, bad mechanics, bad gameplay. It's basically just an arcade style shooting game with the RE name. After playing The Evil Wtihin, a real survival horror game, this game feels like absolute garbage. Nothing feels like RE, including running, shooting. Even the inventory and option menus suck badly. YES, the options menu. =\The only thing the game seems useful for is the split screen and online multiplayer options, but I haven't tried these yet. I doubt I will considering how bad the gameplay is though."
,Not Recommended,221040,15881698,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Robot Joe,play chris' and ada's campaign. the rest of the game is like gargling powdered glass
,Not Recommended,221040,20219829,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,JayRob,"Just♥♥♥♥♥♥Resident Evil has always been a bit corny and ridiculous, but this time the story is just an abomination.  Absolutely ludicrous, cheesy, and makes no sense; and it's not like this is a B-movie, the story takes itself seriously.  The characters are entirely cliche and one-dimensional.  Not enjoyable in the least.Extremely linear not only in its level design, but also in its pacing.  Literally every 30 seconds, a cutscene takes over.  It could be a bit of story, or it could be interrupting you to point out a door, or to show you an enemy appearing, just constant interruptions of control and gameplay.The core gameplay is actually pretty fun, but the game will just not let you ♥♥♥♥ing play."
76561198024745628,Not Recommended,221040,29671884,Posted: 3 February,all,Morridinalthor {IS},Pitiful controller support.
,Not Recommended,221040,12089166,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Tithund,"I bought this game because I enjoyed playing RE5 in coop, but here I was forced to play through some qte before I could even start the game in multiplayer. The keyboard settings menu is a wonky mess, and after playing for a few minutes with my friend, we both ragequit out of it."
76561197960999276,Not Recommended,221040,12186168,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,R13-The 2nd Type,"I bought this game on sale, figuring $10 was not bad...  and how bad could this game really be?I tried to like this game.  I played it, even after I was bored silly during the first sequence.  The problem here is quick time events.  It is not the type of events where you push a sequence of buttons to complete an action (refernce God of War - which did it well)  as much as it is just spam the hell out of one button in hopes you take less damage from an unavoidable zombie attack (which it does not do well).  Lets face it, when you are walking to a building and you are passing a dozen dead bodies, you know what is coming...  but you can not stab them, shoot them, or dodge them.  Instead you have to come back out of the building with all the corpes coming back to life in your face and grabbing you, sending you into a quick time event.  This gets dull...  fast.  Maybe if it was not every stinking dead body you pass, but it is predictable to no end.I have enjoyed most the RE titles, being I was playing them back in the PS1 era and I loved RE4 on the GameCube.  I just have no love for this game, it did nothing for me.  I felt like I was being pushined while playing it and THAT is an achivement.Save your money."
76561198168020894,Recommended,221040,22765029,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Harley  Quinn,"Really cool game play it every day.Even tough it´s not actual horror its more like action shooter but i still like it and its really cool .The story ,the characters,new melee moves etc. .So at least by me it´s recommended"
76561198015337401,Recommended,221040,25488709,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Major Hugh Jassle,NICE!NICE!NICE!NICE!NICE!░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄█▄░░░░▄░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀█▄░░░▀░░░░░░░░░▄░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██░░░▄▀▀▀▄▄░░▀░░░░▄█▀▄█▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░░▄▀▀█▄░▀█▄░░█▄░░░▀█░░░░░▄█░▄▀░░▄▄▄░█░░░▄▀▄█▄░▀█░░█▄░░▀█░░░░█░░░▄█░░█░░░▀▀▀░█░░▄█░▀▀▀░░█░░░█▄░░█░░░░█░░░██░░░▀▄░░░▄█▀░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄█▀░░░▀█░░█▄░░░█░░░██░░░░░▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░▄█░░░░█░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░██▀░░░░█▄░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░█░░░░░░░▀▀█▄██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░▄▄██░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░█░░░░░░░▀▀█▄░▀█░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░▄█▀░░░░░░█░░░░░░░▄▄██░▄██▄░░░░░▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░▀▀█▄░░▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198148972795,Not Recommended,221040,25487153,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Pumpkin Cookie Quen,It doesn't matter if this game has resident evil in the title or not. It's a steaming pile with or without it.
,Not Recommended,221040,33394252,Posted: 8 July,all,Openly Reggae,"Easily the worst game in the main franchise. They stripped all the horror from the game and decided to take a Michael Bay-esque action spin. Needless to say, it didn't bode well with original fans. Some people approved of this twist, but I definitely did not. I'm not sure what the creative team was thinking with RE: VI, but this title nearly killed the series for me. If it weren't for the amazing RE: VII that followed, I was about ready to give up altogether. Do *NOT* buy this game."
,Not Recommended,221040,21380752,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,大きなアニメのおっぱい,Generic action romp set in the Resident Evil universe that's really only in my library because it came with a really cheap RE bundle.Drastically strays from the core survival-horror themes of other RE games.
76561198304866324,Not Recommended,221040,30158129,Posted: 24 February,all,I Need Healing,ทำมุมกล้องได้เหี้ยมาก
76561198079842981,Not Recommended,221040,29758794,Posted: 7 February,all,SoundsInterestin,"Look simply put if you like RE4 and RE5 this is no different. The fact that it has multiple campaigns is a little worry-some. 4-5 hours for each campaign why not just have one long, expansive, and emersive campaign instead of trying to include multiple campaigns that seem to go know where. No saying i didnt have fun but i couldnt do it. Give me true survial horror."
76561197975058883,Not Recommended,221040,29880948,Posted: 12 February,all,I)e@d IVIe@t,"The controls are unintuitive and extremey awkward. I've tried playing this game twice, both on keyboard and controller, and gave up both times after the prelude."
,Recommended,221040,12017857,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,«[ČĻĻ]» JAY72(UK),"great game,return to form for resident evil series : )"
76561198083166382,Recommended,221040,11759414,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Loaded Towel,"I absolutely love this game, I recommend it to anyone who enjoys zombie-action games, it is scary in places, but not enough to make it a survival horror game. It is in NO WAY like Resident Evil 1-3, if you're playing just for the scares, look somewhere else. If not, it's definitely worth your money. The next few sections talk about the campaigns you get to play, Leon's, Chris's, Jake's and Ada's. All spoiler free.One of the best things about Leons campaign is the atmosphere, you'll find you are constantly moving between stunning burning cities and creepy cemeteries all in the dead of night. Personally, I really enjoyed Leon's story, even though the dialogue can be a little cliche sometimes, Leon and Helena are both interesting characters and you'll like watching the cutscenes. Sadly, this is the only campaign where you'll face actually zombies, so enjoy that while it lasts.Chris's campaign has to be the worst, it feels like a poor, out of place action game than anything else. Mainly because you don't fight ANY zombies, but creatures called J'avo, which are basically smart zombies that have guns and shoot at you, which isn't great considering the cover mechanics are terrible. You'll also find you run out of ammo fast as you don't get a pistol, but an assault rifle as your primary weapon, and meleeing against enemies who are shooting you is not fun, to top that off, Piers (player 2 in Chris's campaign) doesn't get the survival knife that Chris has, so as you're failing to melee with your sniper rifle while the enemies pound you with bullets, you can take time thinking about why the BSAA doesn't give all it's soldiers the same equipment. As for the characters themselves, Piers is a boring stereotypical soldier with every bad action movie line and will soon annoy you and make you cringe, maybe this was why the BSAA thought he wasn't worth giving a survival knife to. Chris is just OK as he actually has some character development mainly building off his experiences from RE5.Jakes campaign is very good despite you're only fighting the J'avo, his storyline is incredibly interesting and what makes it stand out from Chris's is the characters, Jake and Sherry's chemistry I found brilliant watch and that alone makes this campaign great. The only negative I found on this campaign is a ridiculously unrealistic action scene from Chapter 4. That being said I think Jakes tied with Leons for best campaign, even though they play completely differently.Ada's campaign is less about shooting enemies and more about wrapping up loose ends from the other 3 stories. Even though Capcom released an update so you didn't have to unlock her campaign by beating the other 3, I would still recommend you save her campaign until last, otherwise you won't get the full benefit from the story. There's a good amount of stealth involved, which is very difficult to pull off on your first attempt so it doesn't really feel like an achievement when you finally manage it, but it does offer some good puzzle solving scenarios, all of which are quite difficult and very satisfying when you figure them out. Also the chemistry between her and Leon is built on from the events of RE4, and as a result produces some gripping scenes.Overall it's a very good game, and definitely does not feel like a traditional Resident Evil game (which is the reason for majority of the poor reviews the game received). Bear in mind the graphics are amazing, the story is just excellent and game goes as low as £4.99 on a flash sale. This game is well worth picking up."
76561198013515959,Not Recommended,221040,23689180,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,moholdt,Quick Time Events - The Game
,Recommended,221040,11087835,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Rakanishu,I have not finished every campaign yet. i currently only finished Leons. but i greatly enjoyed this game. The only thing i was particularly annoyed with in this game is that take time to kill every enemy in some parts you will inevetably waste ammo. for example after the part with the church in leons campaign you are brought to an underground research lab where you have to activate several switches in order to get to a door on the other side of the room which in turn required you to sometimes end your partner out on there own to activate things for you to cross. which in all honesty wasnt bad at all and was really fun. but what bothered me about it is the endless spawning C virus zombies. nothing special about them just your ordinary garden variety zombie that cant do anything unless you of course decide to walk to close or take in the scenery for too long. but still i didnt know that they would endlessly spawn so i sorta started popping heads hoping to clear the room. it didnt work so i had to restart the checkpoint to get my ammo back. some parts of the game you have to just quick shot a few times and then move or else you will get overwhelmed. which makes sense in any case. but to somone who does not know survival horror games it would be a big trap. even so it wasnt that bad at all and i managed to farm quite the ammount of skill points from it. other than that the game is excellent.
,Not Recommended,221040,14849128,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Baka Shiki,is this a movie or a game ?
,Not Recommended,221040,15051163,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Tiger,In short: its painfull to play!!!!Long version: its mother♥♥♥♥ing painfull to play!!!!I thought my cr@plimit is pretty high. Playing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I exceed it far more than I thought I could.Do not buy. Unless you are rich or you never heard of RE.
,Not Recommended,221040,28132549,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"Resident Evil 6 takes one step forward, and two steps back, in pretty much every aspect of its design, except perhaps graphics, as It's a nice enough looking game in that department. I can see how the series got to where it is at 6, after seeing the direction the series took going from 4 to 5, but I still can't believe it really happened. It really feels like the makers of the game ignored what fans of only 4, fans of only 5, and fans of both had to say. Instead, the game's creators seemed to  just says ""Well, 5 was more action-packed than 4, so let's make 6 be even more action-packed than 6."" They certainly made it more like an action film, but in my opinion, as a fan ofboth4 and 5, this game took it too far.Here's the thing. I feel that RE5 was a terribleResident Evilgame...but a fantastic game! By that, I mean that while 4 made some big gameplay changes, I welcomed them with open arms and was still thoroughly creeped out and unnerved by 4's gloomy, creepy locations, music, and tone, with just the right amount of B-movie ""camp"" to give the game a nice bit of levity, and some really fun gameplay. 5 basically copy/pasted 4's gameplay with a few minor changes, but with one major gameplay change: co-op. Having someone to watch your back diminished 5's creepiness for me, and the tone just wasn't unsettling for me like it was with 4. The gameplay, however, was wonderful, and I spent hundreds of hours with 5 on PS3, both doing single player and co-op, both online and on the couch. So I find 5 to be wonderful as a game...but not as a Resident Evil game, because it departs too far for me from the tone and creepiness of the original games and 4. I love 5, though!Now 6...if you've played 5, it's like that, with the improvement that you can move while you aim your gun...except everything else in the game is one big, jumbled mess. You start by picking one of four campaigns. All the campaigns criss-cross over one another, whichsoundscool, when in practice, I just ended up sighing as I realized a cutscene I'd already watched was about to come up again, and this happened frequently enough. You can skip them, but that just means a chunk of the plot of each campaign is all retreads of what you've already sat through before. You even have to fight almost every boss at least twice if you play through all the campaigns. RE4 and RE5 had a nice, linear story. Although the Ada stuff in 4 did a bit of what RE6 does, but 4 did it infinitely better, and it strengthened the plot for me. In 6, though, I just dreaded every chapter of the game.Dreading each chapter, not out of a sense of ""oh noes! This is spooky!"" but out of an ""Ugh, I want this game to just end so I can finally put it behind me for good"" is not what I want out of a game. I originally tried playing with someone on couch co-op in RE6 on PS3 but stopped when I got bored with it. I tried again with a different friend, online on PS3, and couldn't even get as far as I did on the prior attempt at the game. Finally, I managed to charge through the PC version, constantly wishing I was playing a different game; never consideredwhichother game to play, but just knew I didn't want it to be RE6. See, that's the thing...during RE5, I was glad to see each next chapter, and I played through the game repeatedly because I enjoyed it. I've played through RE4 several times as well, and I've finished every attempt at a full playthrough that I've ever tried. I love those games!But RE6? Nope, I just wish it didn't even exist. Are there good moments? Storywise, I would say it was fairly creatively bankrupt and did not entertain me. Gameplay-wise, the J'avo, which are basically Las Plagas enemies, made for good fun, but that's just because it worked in 4 and 5. RE6 didn't have to do anything to make that good. They added zombies to Leon's campaign, and I thought they were dull and far less fun than other enemies in 4, 5, and 6. In the first chapter of Leon's campaign, I killed over 300 zombies, according to the end-of-mission report. This isn't Left 4 Dead, guys n' gals. Imagine getting 300 kills in one chapter of RE4 or RE5...that would be huge. Now imagine that it was the first chapter, instead of a late-game one. Rather than being spooky - and Leon's campaign is portrayed as the one that is supposed to be spooky - Leon's campaign is a slot through hordes of easily killable zombies that are less fun to fight than RE4's enemies, and your companion character, Helena, is dull and uninteresting.As for things I liked, I liked Sherry Birkin and Jake Muller's interactions, and Chris' missions had some pretty good gameplay. Oh, and Ada's crossbow is fantastic. Anything that feels like RE4 and RE5 is good, but then those games already mastered that. Also, you don't have to save your AI combat partners in single player, which is wonderful. Back to negatives...Chris' partner, Piers, was about as dull as Helena was for me, at least until Chris' final chapter. The overall narrative and the way each campaign criss-crossed into one another was just perplexing, boring, and made the plot harder to follow or care about, and the virus in this game is the biggest McGuffin BS thing I've seen in a good, long while. From what I can tell, it makes zombies, white goo people, smoke-shooter people, chrysalis people that each can turn into various things, Las Plagas people, and a FREAKING TRANSFORMER. I'm not kidding. If you play this game, just you wait. It's biological, but it's a friggin' Transformer. There's nothing this virus can't do, and it's absurd. Suspension of disbelief can only take one so far, and this virus goes over the line for me, then flies around the world two more times, passing the line again and again.Also, the co-op is ""lop-sided in one campaign."" In RE5, even though Sheva wasn't a big deal in the RE universe like Chris, players controlling her get plenty of kickass moments throughout the game. In RE6, on the other hand, one character pretty much sits out the final boss fight and is often needing to be rescued or helped in scripted events, while that character's partner gets special melee attacks that make the character the obvious choice to choose as your character.Do you like quick-time-events? Y'know, push a button or you die immediately? Those come up at unexpected moments, and if you're using a keyboard and mouse with the default controls, which are pretty much what most PC gamer using a keyboard and mouse would set the keys to, the key combinations can be pretty weird. You don't know a QTE is coming, then ""Space + R"" pops up on the screen. That's weird positioning, and you have one second or less to hit it, most of the time. I was not a fan of these and would have preferred something more natural for PC. On PS3, you have stuff like L1 + R1, and Square + X, which feel very natural and can be hit rapidly, even by me, and I'm a PC guy. =/I can't let this go: a major boss is a biological Transformer, which makes him go from human-sized to big as a house and back again to human-sized multiple times, and he transforms into different stuff each time. I still cringe when I see it...and since you repeat bosses, you'll see it again! Anyway, long story short, this game is not the sequel that RE5 should have had, and it's certainly not a step in the right direction to pleasing many RE4 fans, as it moves even further away from the formula that made RE4 so great."
76561198003512544,Not Recommended,221040,29540967,Posted: 28 January,all,bHL,what a trainwreckwhat an utter disaster of a gamewho thought this would be a good idea
,Not Recommended,221040,29329776,Posted: 17 January,all,wicked,"Awkward control mechanics and terrible camera. Extremely unintuitive UI and inventory system, probably the worst of any game I've seen.  Unable to hotkey weapon select, you have to manually scroll trhough 10 weapons just to select a specific weapon.  Annoying QTE's everywhere.  Unnecessary screen shaking and events that make you lose control, designed to create tension and a sense of panic but actually just annoy the player.  Terrible game design decisions EVERYWHERE (e.g. you have to hold 'DOWN' to run away from something, then suddenly the camera flips for the sake of looking cool and hollywood, so now you have to press 'UP' but since you were already holding 'DOWN', you run right back into the thing you were running away from).  Artificially extending game length by creating 4 campaigns which are more or less the same thing.  The list goes on and on.As for the story and overall atmosphere, they tried to go ""hollywood action flick"" with this one--there is absolutely ZERO sense of horror.  The worst game of the series and perhaps one of the worst games of all time.  Googled the lead designer of this game and it looks like he never worked on another game after this one, thank god for that.  Matter of fact, every game designer that worked on this game should do the world a favor and quit the video game industry.The only decent thing about this game is the co-op, and maybe Ada Wong's azz when you crawl through vents.  Everything else is trash.  I'm struggling to force myself to complete this game for the sake of completing every RE game and obtaining and reading the intel files."
,Not Recommended,221040,29322308,Posted: 17 January,all,Vanon,"There are already plenty of brilliant reviews for this game. I just want to add a very simple ""thumbs DOWN"" and recommendation to AVOID here as well. Even as a huge fan of modern RESIDENT EVIL (4 and 5 especially), I could not make it through this pathetic effort. Everything has regressed, from the clunky controls and mechanics, to the story (""Uh... kill this new wave of things!?""). Bored to tears. Even the graphics are somehow lackluster (textures, environment, lighting). CAPCOM deserves shame and embarassment for this abomination. We know they can produce quality games. There is no excuse for this. My rating for RESIDENT EVIL 6: 4 out of 10."
76561198147897950,Not Recommended,221040,26366468,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Mauro,Una pija
76561198080586944,Recommended,221040,12293343,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Thaarrun,Best game featuring Eddie Murphy as all 7 protagonists.
,Recommended,221040,12254646,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Woody,story .....games play....Multi....but I love it anyway :D
76561198087471407,Not Recommended,221040,31550814,Posted: 4 May,all,ContraMundi,"- Someone please tell the creators that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls are not a feature- Quicktime events every 30 seconds.- Melee attacks that look awesome and deal more damage than the firearms.- Button-mashing bonanza and vinch-turning simulator- Characters were pretty awesome, although Chris' arms were underwhelming and everyone's motives were comedic.- So many glass walls you'd think it's 2005.- The story makes sense, until it doesn't.- No WeskerUnless you have spider-man level reflexes and adaptability, you literally have to have played the level before and know what's coming to not die in many spots. That's a flaw, not a feature.The whole pills from herbs thing is pretty cool though.Jake and Sherry campaign with the unresolved tension and smarmy melee moves were the sole redeeming feature.Raid mode is okay, but if you want to shoot and punch zombies in quick succession, there are games that do this better."
,Recommended,221040,7987666,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,leepo noob,"Big fan of Zombie games, And this game tickled my zombie killing sensation!"
76561198115893011,Recommended,221040,32840454,Posted: 26 June,all,JackPMarshall,omg
76561198131594818,Not Recommended,221040,24101304,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,S-4OK1 // X.FINITY,"OK my review,this is the worse game i ever played RE, I don't know why,RUN oh that wayis so hard to walk,KILL 30 shoot for 1 zombie not dead WTFRELOAD oh my bullet are empty,LEON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   (whattttttheeeeeeeeheeeeeellllllll)5 hrs for playing in normal like on insane"
,Recommended,221040,4293111,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,HELLRAISER,"Серия перешла из хоррора в экшен. Безбашенный. Но шестая часть - хорошая дань первым трем лучшим частям - как персонажами, так и врагами. Достойно стоит на ногах сюжетом, геймплеем... вообщем всем что рухнуло у Capcom с пятой частью."
,Not Recommended,221040,21552817,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,TheManko,"I’d heard this game was bad, and having played the demo I decided to skip this. But then the years went on, and both critics and game developers popped their head out to say “Resident Evil 6 wasn’t that bad!”. Could there be something interesting here after all? No. No there isn’t.Maybe it’s a matter of preference? The way games like Resident Evil Revelations 2 or The Evil Within are paced is like a rollercoaster. You have long stretches of buildup and tension before all hell breaks loose. They both do a great job at it. Neither are particularly effective as horror games, but as action games I love them. Resident Evil 6 on the other hand is more like being strapped to a rocket. There’s some anticipation at the start, but then it’s non-stop action with set pieces upon set pieces with maybe 5 seconds of breathing room between them. I only played the first chapter of Leon’s story, and I apparently killed 228 enemies during that time. That’s the kinds of numbers you’d expect out of late game Doom 2 or Serious Sam.So all pretense of it being horror is out the window, and there’s minimal exploration and the pacing is nonexistent. This puts more strain on the combat mechanics. They better be good if it’s the only thing you’ll be doing. Unfortunately they tossed out the mechanics used in Resident Evil 4 and 5 and tried to come up with new ones. I can appreciate the thought. But what they have here is simply worse. Your guns and enemies somehow both feel weak and flimsy, yet they take more hits to kill than I’d like. When you shoot enemies with a shotgun, there’s no difference in reaction from when you shoot them with a gun. It feels like an underdeveloped system that was rushed out the door. This is especially true of tougher enemies. In the parts of the game I played there were higher evolved zombies that took loads of bullets to take down, and there were big fat ones that took the rest of my inventory to kill. None of them were intimidating or exciting to fight. All they did was add tedium because their health meant the action set piece would go on for longer than it already was.I didn’t enjoy playing Resident Evil 6 at all. The story starts in a laughable manner, and it doesn’t get much better after that. In fact, almost nothing happened in the 2 hours I played, as characters insisted the story would start once I reached a cathedral. But on the way there I had to go through 9 action set pieces, one more tedious than the other. On every level from characterization, pacing, tension, the feel of the weapons, the enemy designs, and the way environments were designed and lit was worse than it has ever been in the series. I’m actually glad I decided to play it properly, because now I can finally write it off completely as garbage. If you like this for some reason, fine, I have nothing against that. But I can’t understand at all what the appeal is. This isn’t mediocre, it’s absolutely horrible."
,Recommended,221040,12652010,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Banzatou,"Did I enjoy it?Solo/offline co-op...No.Online...Yes.Do I recommend it?If you have friends to play along with.When should I buy this?On sale. (Around $15 or less.)Summary ReviewNot a bad game at all, so as long as you don't treat it like your typical RE game. Recommended to be played with online friends, or else it'll suck.Detailed ReviewWhen I first played this on the PS3 on release, I was completely appalled with RE6's control mechanics. Trying to turn the franchise people knew and loved into a typical FPS shoot em' up, this is not what people expected after RE5.However, as time passed, this game has found a place in my heart. Not as another RE game, but as a coop game to play with friends online, and this is where the game really shines.When you play this game by yourself or play on split screen, the game is a chore. AI buddy is too ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to be of any help, and playing split screen really can strain the eyes, especially if you don't have a monitor bigger than 27"".Honestly, I wish Capcom put the option to play offline coop on dual display, rather than being forced to just stick with two cropped rectangles on one screen, then this game would have gotten more thumbs up on my end.But regardless, if you have a friend to play with and both of you have steam, get this game when it's on sale and play with each other online. You guys will have an awesome time.Also a warning: If you guys are here for the story...yeah, you might want to chuck a good portion of that out the window. Most of the story is garbage, and won't be fun for either of you if you guys plan to take this game seriously. I tried playing this game both serious and both as casual fun, and I found myself loving to crack jokes at this games' story than actually being sucked into the story. And I'm allforstory when it comes to games.If you still plan to get the game, just know the controls take some time in getting used to. But if you're familiar with playing AAA fps games, then you'll get the hang of the controls faster. But if the only thing you've played is Resident Evil...you might curse the controls until the day you die.But all in all, this is a game that people should try out for kicks. Just make sure to catch it when a sale hits."
,Recommended,221040,15996657,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,craZycats,"RE6 is the first RE game I purchased and I just love it.  People criticise it as fails to be a good survival horror game,  I think that's true.   But I just love RE6.  Love the fancy moves, like sliding, dodging and melee attacks (specifically counter-attacks).  The graphics is amazing too!  As I'm from HK, I find it really enjoyable to play in Lanshiang and Tachi.  You will find tons of Easter Eggs if you grow up in HK or you have visited HK before."
76561198002161454,Recommended,221040,30907946,Posted: 2 April,all,joseph,"Best game ever made, incredible, 15/10."
76561198022948050,Recommended,221040,31567457,Posted: 5 May,all,Exhausted_Blade,"I happen to think this is amazing, and that is gets a bad rep from people who want this title to be different. I like jake, and that he is wesker's son is quite intersting too, i hope they give us some more jake in this series"
,Not Recommended,221040,9678835,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,mespme,"Long time fan of Resident Evil. AVOID this game, try instead RE Revelations or RE4."
,Not Recommended,221040,5580519,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Mr.Gizmous,Resident Evil уже не тот!Прошёл только первую компанию. Вторая и последующие - типичный шутан.
,Not Recommended,221040,12168732,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Spl1c3,just awful...
,Not Recommended,221040,16570328,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Crimson,best game ever.
,Not Recommended,221040,17728878,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,xXSnakExX,no good
76561198013211995,Not Recommended,221040,8464840,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[UP] Killercops,"Like every product of Campcom this game has no logic. You will find yourself in an ammu nation store without being able to pickup weapons or ammo (why damn?). You shot multiple times in the head the zombies on your road that are playing dead but you can't make them any damage until you ""activate"" them walking by. Also you can just run to the nect objective without killing anyone. My opinion is 4/10."
76561197970172205,Not Recommended,221040,13276512,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Saxon1812,"One of the worst PC ports ever. Controls all have to be remapped. Stuck in perpetual painfull ""interactive"" cutscreens which you can't Esc from. Can't even exit the game. Overall Aweful!  0/10"
76561198040927659,Not Recommended,221040,18845371,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,BlackCatOrian,Don't get this game if you are trying to play with someone else. Can't do it at all and any attempt I made to fix it didn't do anything. SO yeah if you just want a single player game blah go ahead and buy this. But if you actually want to play with friends then don't bother.
,Not Recommended,221040,12075729,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,xXDragon_BlodXx,"I bought the complete package for 12 bucks..  Do your best to make it through the prologue before you want a refund.  I only made it an hour and I am a fan of the series.  I know the various character campaigns are differet between survival and action.  But god damn the game is almost as generic as the origionals.  I have now realized The acting in 4 was superb, ♥♥♥♥ing superb.  I didn't even like 5 and now I realize it was superb... The graphics are mixed up with a focus in high quality facial graphics and animation with discreet ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics mixed in.  Every thirty seconds is a quicktime event as well...Do your best to make it through this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥prologue and I hope you enjoy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.  I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back...✓ Cinematic✓ Gun play"
,Recommended,221040,24326227,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ah whoops 🐸,get this if you like quick time events
76561198154040577,Not Recommended,221040,25307397,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Asisvenia,"It's one of the bad games I've ever played. I started with Leon because RE4 was a one of the best game for me and it has such a good level design, storyline.. But I can't tell you same things for the RE6.RE6 has bad story, nonsense level design, controller and bad shooting sensation. Also graphics and details looks sucks. Actaually I like dark athmosphere but that game can't good at that.Finally, there is no any puzzle. :( So much nonsense, worst action scenes. If you really want to try that you can buy but if you are kind of oldschool gamer I'm sure you won't like it.. That game doesn't deserve its price.4/10."
,Not Recommended,221040,28531082,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kemalito 500mmrCrew,"I didnt bought my PC to enjoy in console. This game should be made for PC not ported from console to PC. I dont like console.Same as every resident evil game, aspect ratio 21:9 is not supported.Bad PC port.GL HF console fans.I made request to refund."
,Not Recommended,221040,29044016,Posted: 5 January,all,Smoerble (ts.bombrats.com),"A very bad port to the PC, absolute horrible controls :(. It might be a fun game, but it's not :("
76561198079429318,Recommended,221040,16126436,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,BlueJay,"I have to say, I only got into RE because of the Yogscast series of RE5. I loved RE5 and the controls in that game were pretty nice aswell. I put off playing RE6 until about a month ago because of all the bad stuff I heard about it. I decided to pick it up, and I must say, while getting through the prelude and beggining of Leon's campaign is the WORST design flaw, the gameplay itself is one of the most fun things I have ever experienced. Once I got dodging and countering down, the game itself didn't feel like the whole ""shoot bodypart then melee"", but instead a more fluent and linked combat system with a great story, and I haven't even played Mercs or Agent Hunt yet! Overall this game is amazing and severely beat on, but shouldn't be. I do have to warn you though, if you're not a master at your console controls (PC, Xbox, PS_, etc.), then your combat skills will reflect on that. Also, after playing RE6 for a while, I found it impossible to go back to RE5 because the controls were SO different. You have no idea how many times I tried to walk up to a guy in RE5 and click for a melee attack XD."
76561197979325363,Not Recommended,221040,10848009,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Murphy X (Hate modern games),"No need to write anything from my part... Kevin Van Ord makes a perfect depiction of what I felt while playing this game.http://www.gamespot.com/reviews/resident-evil-6-review/1900-6397338/This is what modern games are about now.. well, ""movies"" more than games. Crap and boring gameplay, repetitive combat and full of cutscenes (which btw, are long) and not an ounce of originality.R.I.P videogames, your time has come I guess....Thank God for indie games, otherwise this would be hopeless really.My score: 2/10"
,Recommended,221040,8672158,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,The BodyShot King,"Not only is this the worst Resident Evil game ever created, I'd go so far as saying this is the worst action game ever created, with or without zombies. The QTE's brutally difficult, checkpoints are few and far between, and every section where the game forces you apart from your co op partner is both the epitome of frustration, and unforgiving beyond any semblance of reason. And don't even think of rage quitting this maniacal zombie ♥♥♥♥fest, because the game's sporadic save spots will have you repeating entire expanses of certain chapters, which, by the way, can encompass well up to four hours of irritating gameplay. If you like this game, you're the reason Gabe will never release Half LIfe 2: Episode 3."
76561198213227361,Not Recommended,221040,34662371,Posted: 1 September,all,龚日天,"After the game section, the animation subtitles can not be skipped. Bad review! Garbage game！"
76561197995311107,Not Recommended,221040,34355468,Posted: 19 August,all,xv bones,"k so before i go any further with this very negative review, i want to point out that i have only played for about 20 minutes.maybe it gets way better at the 30 minute mark.maybe the terrible controls, on-rails structure, unskippable cutscenes and loathesome characters are completely replaced.maybe the gameplay goes from the kind of shooter you'd find on mobile to something substantial and lasting.maybe the game suddenly hands out hundred dollar bills and bottles of really good beer.or maybe it just gets worse.i didn't care to find out.all i know is that in 20 minutes, i was actually in control of my character for less than 3.  (and no, touching basically any key to make my character move on rails regardless of what direction i'm pressing does not count as control).however, while i was rarely in control i *can* say that i experienced well over a dozen quicktime events so pointless it was clear that capcom wanted to make sure i was paying attention through the unskippable cutscenes.add in bad animation, exceptionally poor lip synch, truly horrible voice over and constant texture pop-in and you have yourself a real winner.i paid 7.50 and i got ripped off.avoid."
,Not Recommended,221040,34886555,Posted: 11 September,all,"AnaK. Sa vie, son oeuvre.","No.Just. No.This game is garbage.Any good idea that MAY pop into existence is instantly destroyed by abysmal controls and stupidy of game designers.Every boss fight is a joke, as a tradition in Resident Evil, getting a feedback on wether or not you're doing SOMETHING will be denied.Never. Again. (Except, still need to finish Jake and Ada)"
76561198041203199,Not Recommended,221040,34961288,Posted: 14 September,all,miki,It's okay
,Recommended,221040,7374183,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,The Big Bean™,"It's a game I can certainly get into once you get past the motion sickness and shakiness of the controls.. If you can. I actually just played it again and couldn't stomach it. That's why I'm rewriting this. I enjoyed the first couple campaigns but now that I'm on Jake and Sherries there's way too many boss battles and way too many enemies in a row. It's non-sense to call it Resident Evil anymore at that point. And the gameplay for that campaign and Chris' campaign are just not fun for the most part. I find myself getting way too mad at the controls, or lack there of, when you get bombarded with enemies/bosses.I still really enjoy Leons/Helena and Ada's campaign though. They're both compelling stories and the hoards only get uncontrollable in a few spots while still being able to stomach those moments to get to the next juicy part of it's story. They should've saved the devolopement money for RE 7 though from Sherries/Jakes, and Chris'/Piers campaigns. They aren't well thought out from an RE standpoint and I think they did more harm than good for the game/franchise itself."
,Recommended,221040,8411201,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Omaeka,"I wanted to jump into Resident Evil 6 and castrate it for what it's become, but after a short time playing it I realized that if you accept that this is what Resident Evil is now; a third person shoot em up, then it's astonishingly good. The game mechanics are absolutely solid and the action is some of the most insane that I've experienced outside of spectacle fighters like God of War and Devil May Cry. The storyline has recovered surprisingly well after the death of Wesker in 5 and the games are starting to show signs of a future world-wide apocalypse. I would definitely recommend this to new players of the series and ask that older fans such as myself attempt to accept it for what it is. Would I prefer Capcom to go back to their roots? Absolutely. However in their minds that isn't financially viable and even after Revelations it's a safe bet to assume 7 will be as crazy, if not more so than 6. The metacritic is quite fair on this one, as I rate it...7/10"
,Recommended,221040,8602960,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,LunarRsoes,"Unfournatelly the horror of the Resident evil series is dead and gone. After Re3 the series turn to a more action based gameplay with keep the player interacted with QTE's and other prompts like that. Resident Evil 6 does just that, and does it well. The game have a kinda buggy cam the can ♥♥♥♥ you up when sprinting but when you get into some of the game modes such as Mercinaries and it's no mercy counter part you get a massvie joy-gasm of fun and death. The campaign still tries to keep the horror idea with Leon's and Ada's but after years of the same zombie jump-scare it's almost impossble to be afriad of something like that again. Chris's campaign turns in to a hardcore shooter more in the vains of a CoD or GoW game and delivers the action instantally. Jake's will not be mention due to personal disgust for it but it's supossed to be based more about RE3 with Ustanak as Nemesis. In a short summary I give this game a 7/10. It has it's flaws like a lot of other games but it's still enjoyable with friends."
76561197993402955,Recommended,221040,9099304,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bring back Psychic Force,like having your brain melt out of your ears
76561198019674308,Not Recommended,221040,13947254,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,is boris,RIP RESIDENT EVIL SERIES
76561198004388443,Recommended,221040,10990937,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,rikster,"This game is loaded with a lot of fun, and I definitely recommend it!"
76561198039080282,Recommended,221040,11483964,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,T R U M P,nice game i bought the full pack but i couldn't play siege mode and Predator mode and Survivors mode because no one own the full pack otherwise the game is gr8
76561198044563471,Recommended,221040,11541332,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,katsuji74,"FUN AS BALLS.balls aren't that fun, but whatevs. Fun."
,Recommended,221040,12157441,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,bossboss,good
,Recommended,221040,26338474,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ï Ðēvil's Paa ÜN ï,Good Game
,Recommended,221040,26331408,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,chin9_ie & Freelya,John Woo game.. sort of..8/10
,Recommended,221040,26332168,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Lee Ji-eun,fun game
76561198038582471,Recommended,221040,7641177,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,CAPS OFFICIAL,6/10
,Recommended,221040,9030037,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DrDizzy,Det är kul.
,Recommended,221040,9020344,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,ciken,ssssss
,Recommended,221040,23674923,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Romero,I have no idea what's happening or why but it's pretty alright.
,Recommended,221040,23675413,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,CanrinO ✔,Very good value for the money I gave super game
,Recommended,221040,1508808,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,*Winchester*,Great game!!!
76561198069800671,Recommended,221040,30889044,Posted: 1 April,all,EricZ28,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash I wouldn't wipe my♥♥♥♥♥with it because I'm afrade it will get infected. 10/10
76561197995996083,Recommended,221040,8526666,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Archammer555,"After having sunk almost 100 hours into RE6 I believe I can adequately review it. Starting with the Campaign it follows the multiple characters but still interlinked approach. Now while this allows for a fun and involved overarching narrative on the rare occasions that levels are reused it can come off as a bit cheap, however not game breaking. It is also vital to understand that this is not survival horror, the pace is too frantic and ammo and supplies are too plentiful to ever leave the player in a position of vulnerability.The plot is quite simplistic and hinges on one rather baffling event, no spoilers but it involves somebody wanting sex, I did not make that up though more detail is provided in game. Thus a GI Joe Esq. villains plots their megalomaniacal destruction of the ENTIRE WORLD with Bioterrorism.... a standard RE plot in other words.  This does however allowed for varied enemy types with your classic Zombies and the somewhat controversial J’avo, lambasted by some as’ Zombies with guns’ or ‘just an excuse for fire fights’.  However in a universe where bio weapons are common place the J’avo do not feel out of place, rather the logical conclusion of weaponised viruses. The spontaneous and often grotesque mutations are also a lot of fun and add some quirks to the run and gun shooting that marks RE6. The Resident Evil A/B team is trotted out including Chris Redfield, Ada Wong, Leon Kennedy and a returning Sherry Birkin. Joining them are some new faces Jake Muller, Helena Harper and Piers Nivans. However the lack of Jill Valentine and Claire Redfield is quite an egregious oversight in this supposed celebration of the Resident Evil franchise. While the change of pace may rub some players the wrong way, Chris’s campaign especially owing to its Gears of War gunplay and speed there are nice counter balances; Sherry’s and Leon’s being more methodical and tense and Ada’s relying mostly on stealth and her natural acrobatics to overcome puzzles and combat situations. One criticism that must be raised however is the endemic QTE’s that have been a blight on the series for quite some time, this along with the annoying habit of multi stage returning boss fights can cause the game to feel a drag at times.While the dialogue can be somewhat stilted and melodramatic in some places the execution is done surprisingly well with solid voice acting and interesting dynamics between the characters in each campaign, two characters are required for the Co-op sections, however it’s normally either opening a duel locked door or boosting a character to a higher area. Thankfully single player is fully supported and the AI is competent enough to carry out the tasks given too it.The Online modes are particularly fun especially the Mercenaries mode which is fast paced and frantic, providing a chance for every character in the game to stretch their legs and get to play with their arsenal of weapons. With the unlockable costumes raging from the comedic, Leon’s Pirate attire, to the risqué, Sherry in a schoolgirl uniform three sizes too small.  All of which provide an interesting challenge and a quite addictive rush to beat a high score and unlock more maps in which to play. Other modes include Predator, Survivor, Siege and Onslaught all of which are competitive multiplayer and can be played, online, split screen or LAN. My personal recommendation is Predator in which one player takes control of the Ustanak (A Behemoth Bio Weapon) and is pitted against a team of agents both trying to lay the smack down on each other.RE6 also sports some quite stunning visuals; a compliment to the level of graphical optimisation for a console port. These include scalable FOV, adjustable Texture, Screen and Shadow quality, Vsync and audio options. On a side note the OST is quite impressive with a nice fusion of different styles and beats of music. In all it comes off as quite a good port, much better then RE5 but still with some odd keyboard mappings and mouse speed issues. Overall I would recommend RE6 to both fans and new comers to the franchise, however new comers may be baffled by some plot or character elements but plenty of online recaps and the availability of both RE4 and 5 on PC should alleviate this. The change in pace from survival horror and creeping terror to the run and gun action started in 5 and arguably in 6 may be the biggest turn off to those wanting a true horror experience and I agree this is the wrong game for that but to those wanting a competently paced and in some cases unintentionally hilarious action game then RE6 is worth your money and time."
,Recommended,221040,12038871,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,SUSU KNTL MANIS,finally i got this game! awesome
76561198033187442,Recommended,221040,18847740,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,N1,For Miss Wang's A/S/S
,Not Recommended,221040,20594857,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,ckloss,Worst RE game ever!
,Not Recommended,221040,25240504,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mr Probius,so far my screen says no input every time i try lunching the game x.x this is great
,Recommended,221040,8382786,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Federation Of Pikachu,"A few people are saying this is not a survival horror game, which is true. What they fail to realize is: Nobody is cliaming it to be. It is clearly stated and I quote ""BLENDING action and survival horror..."" Plain and simple. Now with that out of the way, very enjoyable co-op gameplay, replay value is something I'm not too sure about at this point, being only at Chapter 3 on 2 campaigns. Camera can be a little funky at times but other than that it is easily worth the 12 bucks."
,Recommended,221040,15590040,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,President J.Trump,Awesome
76561198020524178,Recommended,221040,10894672,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lunar Fox,"As a long time Resident Evil fan, I must admit I prefer the older games. However, RE6 shines in its own way, especially with a friend. The Co-Op mode is truly the best way to experience this game. I already own RE6 on a console, but when i managed to talk my friend into getting it via Steam there was no doubt in my mind that a re-purchase was well worth it."
76561198271928906,Recommended,221040,28336628,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Moon,10/10
76561198015741357,Recommended,221040,7956145,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Mangry,Its a frickn terrible awful resident evil game. but its a great action game
,Recommended,221040,12144068,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,ThePotatoThatCould,"Shocking twists, fantastic graphics (if you have it on high)  and amazing campaign."
76561198090774867,Recommended,221040,7645450,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Guydodge,"this is one ive seen alot of mixed reactions to. me personally.i really enjoyed it great fighting,solid story amazing graphics,and the way its set up,its like playing 4 different games that cross into oneanother very cool.9 out of 10"
,Recommended,221040,12457154,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Fuwafuwaru,"It's not a horror game, but it's not terrible at what it does. I do so love that campy resident evil-ness. Leon's campaign is by far the best."
,Recommended,221040,12485457,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Stoner,"I really enjoy this game. Honestly for RE going action, it really doesn't bother me that much. Even though I too like the classics and would love another classic style RE, I have come to terms with accepting this one. Especially since this game does kinda take it back to the roots a bit at least with the story (by that I mean using multiple characters to complete the story mode to it's fullest understanding) and overall it's still a fun game, even if it's not the RE that you want it to be.Graphics are really nice looking (while having some muddy textures here and there not enough to ruin the experience), co-op is fun, though on PC there is a bit of a trick to getting it to work correctly, and overall just a really enjoyable game, at least to me. I platinumed this game on the PS3 and loved every minute playing the game I decided to get it on PC.One problem I will note about this version of the game other than the co-op trick is tha this port for some reason this game uses quite a bit of CPU power. It will run fine on a quad-core setup but recording might be a different matter depending how taxing your recording software is. I would recommend a higher core CPU (AMD) or a high cache CPU (Intel) to run and record this game at 60fps, since this is a VERY CPU heavy game."
,Recommended,221040,12578811,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Limbless,"Better than people say, though the story is stupid."
76561198012880501,Recommended,221040,12418809,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Kimeako (yujie),"7/10 decent game with some really nice high points. I enjoyed the 4 part campaign that featured 7 characters. While not all of the missions were steller, there is alot of fun to be had here.  2 main issues i have with it. The camera and controls are terrible. The direction of camera and movement controls can change on the fly in certain missions and really mess up the flow of the game. Quick time events along with the timed running sequences were really annoying due to clunky controls. Play at your own risk!"
,Recommended,221040,12497070,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,The Major,"13/10I never thought the Resident Evil games could get better, honestly.  There's a lot about the game I love, and even though there's quite a few QTEs, I play games for the story and the characters.  I also really love the Chris and Piers campaign, because while I enjoy survival horror, I enjoy military action and heavy weapons more.  Not a fan of Ada Wong, but there's room to improve on that viewpoint for myself maybe.I recommend this game for co-op, because I have so much fun playing with my friend and there is nothing stopping us short of the jokes and laughter that debilitates us sometimes.Definitely play this game, and give it a real chance.  I didn't the first time, but it's better the second go-round."
,Recommended,221040,12579435,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Biohazard X,My favorite game!I am impressed by the quality of Picture / Camera / View angles / Game play / Storyboard!Everything is very professionaly maded in one piece! The music rocks also!CAPCOPM FOREVER!
76561198089563730,Recommended,221040,12370589,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,goldnkid94,"This game is beautiful, suspenseful and amazing. I have watched my mom play resident evil on nintendo as a child and cannot believe how far capcom has come (I was  born in 1994). The fact that i have grown up to be 20 years old and playing the same franchise as my mother still dazzles me. The feelings I have felt as a child still persist in this game. I hate/love/fear/cannot wait for the next second while playing Resident evil 6.  This game is a favor to us gamers and horror lovers. They have came so far and have not missed a beat and i cannot get over how well they have kept composure. Some may hate this game but i have only played 1 hr and wish i could donate extra to the devs. No other games can instil feelings into you like this games. This isnt a game but more of a experience you can participate in or not. A good one at that."
76561198006662473,Recommended,221040,12501563,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,[LB] Swordfish,"The scenario is a bit messy, but it's an ok action game."
,Recommended,221040,12562953,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Linkage,"Fun game if your going to play with a friend, but if you dont have one...."
76561198003016320,Recommended,221040,12485287,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,For the Love of the Game,"Awesome action game. Reccomend this to anybody that likes third person action shooters.I'm only finishing up the Leon campaign but so far so good. The zombies appear smarter than previous versions- they duck and weave from side to side, some zombies are more powerful than others and require extra bullets to take down.You'll have a partner with you throughout the campaign- sometimes it's good sometimes bad. Good when you need extra assistance to take down a horde of zombies and bad when they leave you stranded to venture off someplace and you're left by yourself waiting for the door to be opened. Overall this game is a Buy for me. I continue to enjoy it and can't wait to see the other campaigns. 8/10"
76561198291710184,Recommended,221040,25659503,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Knight,the game was easy
76561198170153907,Recommended,221040,15291088,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,MooGoesCow,"it is a great co-op game and it has some good ideas but the story is linear and all the weapons that you find are alost always given to you, and there is no shop to buy stuff from. it is less of a horror theme for this game but it is still good"
,Recommended,221040,25256357,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,🎃 Cabron Pendejo 🎃,another lovely RE game with great improvments and a variety of playstyles.. you want battlefield pick chris you want stealth pick ada u want agent gameplay pick jake and if you love classic RE atmosphere pick Leon!!
76561198308080004,Recommended,221040,24084285,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,游戏阴间,很好玩，也很容易上手，就是跑酷毁游戏
76561198328355415,Recommended,221040,26600877,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Deadshot,it works well and enjoyed every moment in this game
,Recommended,221040,7406250,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,30K,"I really recommend this game. Some people will claim that this game it's not so good, I personally think that it is...and the controls are awesome for a third person shooter. Before reading the bad comments play it first, you won't regret it. I will gladly wait for a next resident Evil game."
,Recommended,221040,4621739,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Барон Мефедрон,Call of Duty: Zombie Warfare
,Not Recommended,221040,23636829,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Goku,No Ashley Graham
76561198027793029,Recommended,221040,16698586,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,CircumSoldier,Ada Wong.
,Not Recommended,221040,15519693,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,The Impossible Jackal,"As an avid fan of the series, at least of the main entries (1-6), this has to be the weakest one. It seems as Capcom tried to jump on the CoD bandwagon with this one. Also, it has been super casual-zied to the point where even a non-gamer could play. 2/10."
76561198045179457,Recommended,221040,16402459,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,The Lone BUTT,"While I've never heard of Resident Evil, I'm really smitten with the entire biohazard series, particularly this latest installment that balances romantic mood lighting, coy glances, full on tentacle♥♥♥♥♥♥ and tantalizing homoeroticism between Piers and Chris Redfield. If you liked the end of Titanic you'll greatly enjoy the tragic homage death scene of Piers while Chris Redfield holds him in his arms and slowly must learn to let go. The audience is given a real sense of tension when playing other character's campaigns. Slowly, but surely, the audience discovers that this game is an allegory for two young (albeit suspiciously attractive) homosexual lovers (Piers and Chris) and the other campaigns are merely metaphorical representations of the tremendously frustrating challenge of coming to terms with ones sexuality while in a world where it would seem utterly impossible to cling to waist-level or below cover. However, they realize that much like standing on top of aforementioned cover, they simply can't avoid who they are, and I tell you the ending is sadder than a  John Greene novel."
,Not Recommended,221040,12483354,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Corrosion,it's fun at first but it gets old after about a whole 5 minutes.
,Not Recommended,221040,23235050,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,R0ZEN,Can't connect to other pc in my lan and play...and I payed twice for this crap...
76561198119241405,Recommended,221040,12184017,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Dylan,"Terrible, nothing like the resident evil we know and love."
,Not Recommended,221040,25945828,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,ol' Harold Delaney,"Yeah this game.. wauw, just wauw. What an example of big budget wastebin production. This game had 600 people working on it and it does not show. It does not show at ALL! 400 of them were probably animators for all the cgi clips as there's very litlle gameplay to be found.We've just finished up the Leon campaign and i'm guessing we're halfway the Chris campaign.To all the veterans, who grew up on the original and account REmake and RE2 the greatest original games of the series, and RE4 the best new direction the series took, steer away and replay those games. Maybe even revisit Code Veronica, or even RE5. I can't speak on the Revelations games since i haven't played them sofar.I pretty much forced my buddy to co op with me under the pretense that i'd buy it for him and bought the games heavily discounted(7.50euro per person) in the belief that, with so much content, there atleast has to be 7.50euro's worth of content! I'l let you know if we ever reach that point as we will sparingly continue to explore how bad this game really gets in a to quote said buddy ""schadenfreude / unintentional humor"" way. I'l need a good drink tho, my god will i need it.The best thing about this game sofar is the story, wich is clasically bad cheese, just the way it always was, and drink will facilitate that. Do not come searching for gameplay tho."
,Not Recommended,221040,29151952,Posted: 9 January,all,Twiz,"It's almost entertaining in a ""WTF were they thinking!?"" kind of way. Not worth more than $5."
76561198019816323,Not Recommended,221040,29184656,Posted: 11 January,all,hexanol,"There are several reasons this game sucked for me.First, they drag you through every minutia of the story each time you die & revive.  This takes for ♥♥♥♥in ever to get back into gameplay.Second, the game takes over your computer, and won't let you leave.  The only way I can get out of it is to re-boot.I gave it the best try I was able to muster, but...Game = 0, Suckage = 1Hey, the movies are great fun tho..."
,Not Recommended,221040,13999914,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Thegayagenda,"I'd rather listen to a Twilight Audiobook read by Beedrill Cucumbersquat than play this game, I regret buying this and I question my life choices every time I try to play this load of crap."
,Recommended,221040,23604369,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Filiv,"- story isnt so bad- this is a survival game, not a horror game- damn Ada outfit is 2good4me- I SHIP LEONXADA- damn mod6/10i consider this game just for killing time when you got nothing to do"
,Not Recommended,221040,23718133,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Doctor Squishy,"If you would purchase this game now you would most likely be getting about 60% of the content since no one is playing the online part of the game; now onto the story campaign. There are four story lines in this game which is quite impressive at first glance but as you play them you realize that it kind of loses it's value around the 3rd/4th one. I played it entirely in co-op and I had some fun moments, but the last campaign story left me with disappoint and I would not reccomend playing it on co-op. If you want to purchase this game, try to get it when it is on sale."
76561197983719125,Not Recommended,221040,14346928,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Pantstoucher,"Tedious and boring with lots of cheap deaths to QTE's and wonky chase scenes. Tried playing through with friend, could not finish it."
,Recommended,221040,25022015,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,bedsheet kos,VERY done!! 9/10
76561198031820882,Not Recommended,221040,27792443,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DenuS,"PROS:3 teams with 3 different stories makes this game more intersting than RE 5.CONS:Bad control, bad aim system and camera, too many QTEs(almost of them are just trying to humiliate player).Conclusion:If you want to play RE sequel just buy Revelations, don't waste your money on RE6."
76561198296351058,Recommended,221040,22926921,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,loveringyun,"it's great,i love it.so cool!"
,Recommended,221040,13470932,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,illage2,MUTHER ♥♥♥♥IGN D1CK NUGGETS GET IT AWAY
,Recommended,221040,28064172,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Xelynix,Nice action game
76561198020469084,Recommended,221040,28199811,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,L. Turowiesky ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),7/10 Best Michael Bay simulator 2012
76561198002992898,Recommended,221040,28072480,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hardtail,Awesome
,Recommended,221040,28530687,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DOS,good
76561198223827060,Recommended,221040,23771418,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,『uzh♂』,"very entertaining game ... excellent ... excellent animation graphics ... especially good story and the Campaign uff .... especially recommend this game to fans of Resident Evil , is an experience not to forget .. c :"
,Recommended,221040,23868717,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Harg,Great game
,Recommended,221040,33262331,Posted: 4 July,all,hurricane d3m,worst game ever made keeps giving wrong ranks after each chapter rly buggy grenade mechanics are broken
,Recommended,221040,26287838,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Z666ful,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera at the boss chase run.♥♥♥♥ing hate it so much.overall is just. meh.but damn how many time Ada Wong need to die?it's just so wong,"
,Recommended,221040,22934250,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,アイス Daemon 凸(¬‿¬)凸,it plays like the console..just i use a keyboard and mouse.. and triabl people try eat me also.. its  gotawesome resolutions like 640 800and 1268 x 798and one time.. potatoe
,Recommended,221040,9448015,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Lopper,"Great game, very lengthy, lots of characters, lots of different enemies and bosses, not really any puzzles but apart from that I think it's a great entry to the series. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,221040,28030091,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lothraxion,You can die in the middle of a lever pulling cutscene.10/10 Best design of all time.
,Recommended,221040,34395312,Posted: 21 August,all,Dancsi,Good game but i refunded it cuz im ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,221040,34766693,Posted: 5 September,all,akishizuha,Classic
,Recommended,221040,34702486,Posted: 2 September,all,lozanotux,"I buy Resident Evil 6 in steam, and according to what I read, should also buy it for PlayStation 4 if I want to play it there because my pc broke. This is a scam, should Capcom or whoever provides a unique buying mechanism!!!"
76561198380375303,Recommended,221040,34746414,Posted: 4 September,all,stonecold1239,"Though they have good strategic systems, some annoying parts screw the game, especially playing mercenaries.The most annoying parts were ""♥♥♥♥♥♥ Aiming(Finding a small dot from a wide reticle, that's nonsense)"" & ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ A.I."" When you're dealing a CPU, they always have to be same.I felt like I totally wasted my time while playing mercenries.The only good thing about R.E6 is the counter system of melee. Without it, this game is totally a trash."
,Recommended,221040,28535234,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,J!nx,"Great game but hard a bit to be honest but still good game, thanks for the sale"
,Not Recommended,221040,19734131,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,michaelq3a,"doesnt work. always get err9 unsuported something or other. i tried changing resolution, screen modes, disabling crossfire, changing refreshrates. nothing works."
76561197998577922,Not Recommended,221040,13232412,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Gram (Dead),"The campaign is utter garbage. Beyond unplayable.The ONLY reason to pick this up is the Mercenaries Mode, and only if you have a friend to play it with.If it's $5, pick it up for Mercenaries."
,Not Recommended,221040,15847750,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,AnnA,"I am a huge fan of the Resident Evil franchise and when I got a computer able of running whatever, I bought this as I had enjoyed the previous RE5 coop function.  This feels like a very bad port, I played on normal mode and was given very little instruction to what I was doing half of the time and a time limit until I died which annoyed.What annoyed me most about this game was the fact I was pressing random buttons to avoid stuff more than any actual action or shooting -.-"
76561198096846285,Not Recommended,221040,15896048,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,usswanker,You actually fight a Dinobot! Sadly this is what Resident Evil has become.
,Not Recommended,221040,16996756,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,PsyЯen,"Unarguably the worst (and possibly the most expensive to make) RE game up to date, buy RE1 HD Remaster instead."
76561197994050446,Not Recommended,221040,17002760,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Cerebrate Joe,Its just not fun.  Mostly its game design.  What they tried just doesn't work and is very frustrating.
76561198021668439,Not Recommended,221040,17029944,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,WhyteBlade1504,"Good mechanics and game engine, but terrible game, bad story. It truly does feel like Capcom just listened to what everyone said and just went ""OK, into the mixing bowl you go. At least we can check out our new game engine."""
76561198043250113,Not Recommended,221040,17057595,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,John Doe,"I like Ada's storyline, however short it was."
,Not Recommended,221040,17626652,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Rob'sEvilTwin,"If you were hoping after RE5 they would head back in the direction of RE4, you are in for a disappointment.As an FPS with zombies it's mediocre, as an RE game it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,221040,18389084,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jaskλr,Beyond terrible. Completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ design-wise.
76561198075021207,Not Recommended,221040,18816128,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,OssieSteel,"This game is the worst game I have ever played. The control is total rubbish, the good thing is the graphics but otherwise don't buy this game."
76561198103349090,Not Recommended,221040,19686339,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,mziven,"""QTE is my favorite part of the game"", said no one ever!  Spoiler alert, this game features excessive amounts of QTE. Interspersed lightly among the button mashing is the potential for a good game.  But that potential is sadly never realized in this pseudo Left for dead resident evil hybrid.  Most of the sub bosses share a striking resemblance to Left 4 dead special creatures. There are also constant interruptions to game play and repetitive boss fights which further add to an already frustrating and disappointing experience! There was potential for something great here and it was squandered! Hopefully the devs pull their heads out of their asses and get it right next time..."
76561198030895844,Not Recommended,221040,19773835,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,straydd36,I love Resident Evil. Pure honesty even taking the name away this is a clunky mess. Graphically it looks decent.  I do not recommend this game as even a fan unless you catch it for 6 bucks.I will explain why I feel this way.The game is unbalanced far as enemies go....headshots ummm like 3 to 7 so being rewarded for conserving ammo by stockpiling it by being accurate does nothing for you. It doesnt matter anyways because theres tons of ammo. You will die due to cheap deaths. I can literally knock an enemy down with melee and stomp its head for a much easier time. Why have guns in the game just use you're foot.The action mechanics are cool and very John Woo movie like...But they in my opinion are for show more than they are helpful.I will say they add very light and I mean light puzzle mechanics to the game. The levels are actually pretty cool and especially in Leons chapter...but the problem is with limited interaction with the background theres no real reason to even explore. Not saying there isnt typical notes and journals to read they are just there for filler only.Having played Resident Evil Revelations 2 which thumps this game even in its episodic nature its far superior.There is no survival horror here. Theres no conserving ammo health or anything else.You do get skill point drops in the shape of pawns and statues that drop to use for new skills like better accuracy and so on.If Leon Ada and Chris were'nt in the game it could be a very generic action game.Not to say that the action is dull its very action oriented...to the QTE events in the opening of Leons chapter to the scripted areas of the story.This felt like an off the rails house of the dead game.You will either like it or you won't theres really no middle ground but do not expect anything even close to Resident Evil.
,Not Recommended,221040,20244122,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Judgment Man,This game is stupid with unskippable in-game cutscenes every 30 seconds and a mini-game for every single action. Holy crap. Looks like I was late to the RE party for good reason. At least I got it on HB so it was practically free.
76561198119690505,Not Recommended,221040,12124691,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,BestBuy™,THE KEYBOARD SETTINGS SUUUUUUUUCK  AND ADD MORE FAKING AMMO WE SUPPOSE TO SHOOT UNTIL THEY DIE NO KICK THEM WTF THEY ARE ZOMBIES THHIS ARE MY COMPLAINS
76561198034582159,Not Recommended,221040,13533451,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Sleeper,"Unplayable PC port. My hours played is valid, finished Leon's campaign and was stuck at Chris chapter five (last campiagn) due to repetitive failed chase scene becuase of poor keyboard controls. Died over +15 times in most chase scences and finally gave up in Chri's campiagn. The first half of Leon campaign was great then it became a grind.Didn't bother with Jakes story and uninstalled this action game. Not a true survival horror."
76561198017018233,Not Recommended,221040,17939102,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,gorby.birch,Navigating the menus is as easy as writing Egyptian hieroglyphics backwards with your left foot
76561198101653822,Not Recommended,221040,20244688,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,McDollibee.JolliDo,"Steam please fix my game, Game won't start Fatal Error MessageD3DERR_DEVICELOST : getDevice()->Reset(&d3dppm)"
76561198118408422,Not Recommended,221040,31862784,Posted: 20 May,all,famineomega,same old same old. done to death.
76561198056816474,Not Recommended,221040,16609946,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CrackSmasher,Terrible controls and laden with quicktime events: 3/10.
,Recommended,221040,24547248,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ObedPizza,great anime
,Not Recommended,221040,11620380,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Pickle Tickler,"This is an incredible game and I really do enjoy it but I just feel that it has a predictable atmosphere, the scares are too gimmicky (almost non-existant) and that the save points are WAY too far apart. The last one is the main reason I would not recommend this game to friends (IF I HAD ANY). I get to play games in short burst so having to play close to 2 hours until it saves is stupid. I unlocked a new gun and then I had to come off the computer as there was a power cut, BOOM! 2-3 hours work and a new gun right down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Well played CapCom. I used to love the Res Evil Series. 4 Was my favourite but they have got more and more action based and have no more scare factor. The last good Res Evil was Revelations imo. If you want an amazing game with a griiping storyline and proper (sort of) scares, get that :)"
,Not Recommended,221040,13790205,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Lain Iwakura,"Wanted to play coop, stuck in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unskippable intro alone. Cant advance very far cause every time the game loses focus somehow I need to restart it and it doesnt save very often. This game is about as well designed as the american health care system."
76561198029222170,Recommended,221040,19855682,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,JoTem,Resic 6 glitchhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RVTtJQIAms&list=PLA5oACRCDKCOLrEzZpE6GD6LYr265YzaZ&index=5
76561198220049107,Not Recommended,221040,30998915,Posted: 7 April,all,StickyLion,The game designer is a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221040,30987994,Posted: 6 April,all,Dan W,gayAas
76561198013763110,Recommended,221040,8610057,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Meat Fist The Merciless,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy it
76561198030980450,Recommended,221040,30697032,Posted: 23 March,all,Tallestdavid,oh gosh i dont miss quick time events.
,Not Recommended,221040,12484388,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Nyssa,"This game suffers from several designs flaws and bugs. I frequently find several instances that seem like a d team designed this game. From a barely cognetive story to a very flawed gameplay this game is really just unenjoyable. I tried givign this game several chances, but every time this game finds a way to dissapoints me. Also quick time events are unfun and the chase sequences have the worst camera angles ever."
76561198012499689,Not Recommended,221040,12463502,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Geronimo,"Seriously !If you have played the good old resident evil 4, then you know that part 6 is probably one of the worst resident evil games ever created. even resident evil 5 offered much better collision and gameplay.  I cannot recommend resident evil 6. it has been messed up. whenever you try to hit a ""special zombie"" you cannot hit it until it finishes its scripted movement. whenever you interferre with the fight of one of your freinds you risk that he wont be able to finish his movement and therefor will get attacked by the zombie. you will know when you play the game. i was always a big fan of the resident evil games. resident evil 4 is still the best resident evil game to me.if part 7 is going to be similar to part 6 then i am definitely not going to get it !"
,Not Recommended,221040,12986570,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Yossarin,"It has a completely uninteresting/ almost non existent storyline.Unless you turn the brightness levels way far up, it's too dark to make out what is happening most of the time.The ""player"" often has between little and no control over what their character does/ is permitted to do.  (It says use WASD to move, but the game will only permit you to move in a straight line to it's intended target.)  A lot of the game plays like the worst of the Wii where you watch boring cutscenes and have to mash random buttons at random times.The controls are not the lest bit intuitive, and the menu system is far more complicated than it needs to be.  Don't spend more than a dollar on it, seriously!  It sucks!"
76561198006917383,Not Recommended,221040,12392373,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,King Doom,"This is such an incredibly poor game it's hard to put it into words. If you want a short review, just imagine a man reduced to screaming and hurting himself because Resident Evil 6 is just that bad.The first problem is just how dark the game is. Not 'Oh, scary grimdark shennanigans Batman!' dark, dark like you will never have any idea what the hell is going on because there are just two people floating in the middle of your screen in a pure black void. I managed to make a little progress as Leon simply by making him jump facefirst into things and picking a different direction when he went Gnugh and somehow I managed to find a cake. I'm assuming there was some sort of party going on in the level, but you will never know because it's utterly pitch black. As far as I'm concerned, that cake may as well have been the end of game boss.The cutscenes aren't bad, and as of about halfway (I think) into the story of the first two characters and there haven't been any instadeath quicktime minigames right after any of them, which is always a plus. The cutscenes are odd in that you can skip some, but not all of them and there's no clear rhyme or reason to which ones it allows you to jump past.The character graphics are pretty fluid and fairly seamless, which is nice, but the enemy sprites really aren't amazing. They all look pretty much the same, which can be a problem when you waste all your ammo shooting into the helmet of a hat zombie (some zombies wear helmets and the remains of armor) because you simply couldn't tell what he was. Zombies don't really react to attacks like they used to in previous games, either. You can shoot them, but unless it's a killing blow or they were winding up for a ranged attack they really don't bother telegraphing anything. This can be a problem because some of the zombies are absolute bullet sponges and it's impossible to know if you are even hurting them.One big problem I have here is how enemy attacks take priority over player actions. I've lost count of the number of times I've been reduced to swearing out loud because a melee attack against a zombie has been cancelled halfway through the animation because the zombie attacked, the game prioritized the hostile NPC's action over the players, I take damage and oh look, time to play the little button mashing 'escape the zombie' minigame, AGAIN. I really, really do hope something quite terrible happens to the man who decided that should be added.The single worst thing about the game (and consider the competition it has) is the inventory, and the UI in general. If it was designed for a PC, it wasn't a PC built by or for humans. Gone are the inventory management systems that featured in previous games, replaced by something that looks and works a lot like a puzzle from one, albeit a puzzle that would quickly have been patched out due to being so utterly awkward to use! The entire thing was more than likely built with a gamepad in mind, which is fine, but when you consider how utterly fluid the keyboard/mouse controls were in Resident Evil 5 you realise they really have no excuse.What else?I haven't talked about the story yet, mostly because I haven't seen much of it, but a womans sister did turn into Kerrigan. Spoiler alert I guess. And no, I'm not kidding. She turns into the woman from Starcraft, though I'm pretty sure Kerrigan wears some sort of alien armor and doesn't bounce around naked like ResidentKerrigan here does. You fight her in the mine cart scene from Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. After that you go to the center of the Earth. Sadly so far there have been no dinosaurs, but I remain hopeful. I'm still not kidding.The bats**t insane Resident Evil madness we all love is there, it just feels... hollow? I guess? it's difficult to describe, but it feels like the entire thing is just Capcom phoning it in to make some cash. It's like a bored schoolkid telling you about what he did on his holidays. And then this happened and then this happened and then this happened and then this happened and then this happened and... Sure, it all sounds like it should be fun, but you just know the lil' guy wants to go ride bikes somewhere else. His heart isn't in it, and neither was Capcoms.That might be down to the characters, who haven't really had a chance to shine. With so many player characters they had to assign a very small amount of development time to each, so what you get is very short and doesn't really help you get attached to anyone. Character wise, the series really hit its peak when Leon went on his little adventure to NotSpain. It's been downhill since then.TL:DR - Skip it. It's bland as hell in all respects."
76561198174598905,Not Recommended,221040,24593987,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,MendiTheHero,"So I started this game off with Leon's campaign (because who wouldn't), and I adored the 1st chapter. But that is really all the game has to offer. I was burnt out by the 1st chapter and I wasn't even a little bit motivated to walk through the cemetery. To sum it up this game is novel at first, but dry at best."
,Not Recommended,221040,12380967,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Stitt,"Most of the positive reviews are defending this game as a horror titleIf it was a good game, it shouldnt have to be defendedThere shouldnt have to be, ""well look at it like-""No.I bought this game because i figured hey, i love zombie games and Resident Evil is such a huge title, i just want some basic zombie shooter.They couldnt nail that1st: The cutscenes are tedious and then for some reason every one turns into a ""button-masher"" for absolutely no reason.""Press A to grip your partners hand a bit tighter to lift them and continue with the cutscene""2nd: I cant leave the control mapping options until i map everything, why the hell?3rd: Too many unnecessary mechanics, the crafting was a bit overwhelming and the UI extremely elaborate as an example.4th: The main thing i came for, the combat style. It is probably the worst thing I have experienced, the view is extremely crippling, not a regular 3rd person but very restricting and at such an odd angle aiming is troublesome, and enemie's head's literally explode by being shot with a 9mm.I didnt even bother with the melee, it was extremely inconsistent.I bought this game and all DLC in high hopes on saleNeedless to say, i made it past the first 2/3 missions, threw my arms up, and counted it as a loss."
76561198068005177,Not Recommended,221040,18782770,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,kedro_ivan,I have to applaud to Capcom for their amazing talent of screwing up their games more and more with each iterration. I have  played only ada wong campaign but I can already tell that rest of the game will be terrible. It seems that brand is on steady decline since RE4 (revelations excluded).
76561198087197861,Not Recommended,221040,22831058,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Neo,"Still havent finished this game (85% done), The first two campaigns you play will be fun..But then the rest (omitting spoilers) Is just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid since you know what will happen anyway based on the games structure. Just play RE4 OR even re5 dont waste your time. ♥♥♥♥ing stupid quick scenes and mash buttons make this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥. If its one sale again for like >$6 get it if not, dont even bother."
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,221040,32525856,Posted: 17 June,all,Rickityr3kt,"How to not make a Resident Evil game: the game. Do you like watching constant cutscenes? Do you like being unable to move and still lose HP and die while said cutscenes are going on? Do you like when a game takes control of your point of view while said cutscenes are still going on and give a chance to let you die and restart the fun all over again? Do you like stupid stories, tropes and generic monsters? If you said Yes to all or any of the above, this game is for you.Abomination of a game. Just wanted to go through it once. The pain is forever etched into my memory."
76561198019755109,Not Recommended,221040,25632217,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,lambsandwich,Too many cut scenes butchered this one for me. Felt a lot like House of the Dead or Time Crisis.A long way from the fun that was had in RE 1/2/3/4/5
,Not Recommended,221040,23477912,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Mr Cheshire,Lots of content but most of it is garbage.
,Not Recommended,221040,24565573,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Always_Knifing,"There are very few horror elements in this game and I think I got more scared watching Zootopia than I did in the 18 hours I played this game. It feels like they put too much of a focus on the fact that there's 4 campaigns and forgot to actually make a good story, and having to find the emblems to even try and figure out what's going on is a terrible way to tell a story if the player doesn't even have a basic understanding of what's happening in the game.Even if you liked Resident Evil 5 I still wouldn't bother getting this unless it's on sale, and even then you'll probably still be disappointed because the only fun I had in this game was when I was playing co-op with a buddy. Everything feels lackluster compared to Resident Evil 5; all the guns feel the same, the melee is unsatisfying, and the campaigns get boring.There's like no community so there's no point in trying half of the additional game modes unless you have like 5 people that own this game. The addition of the l4d2 characters was an interesting move in the No Mercy Mercenaries mode but you could just get a left 4 dead game and have 10 times as much fun.I could list the number of times where I was actually drawn in by the story on one hand if that hand was missing 2 fingers. If you're new to the Resident Evil franchise and thought it was a good idea to start with this one I would definitely recommend to think again and either try Resident Evil 1 for a horror game, Resident Evil 4 for an action-horror game or Resident Evil 5 for an action game with good co-op."
76561198170943129,Not Recommended,221040,34339286,Posted: 18 August,all,Mr.maou,Is like a piece a♥♥♥♥♥♥i only feel obliged to play becouse i have played all the former games.but i can't force myself through it its too much♥♥♥♥♥♥taste in my mouth.
,Recommended,221040,21644186,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dr.Choke,"VERY good game. everythings good! more quality i expected for zombies (like characters...boobs shaking exactly like your gf's.....SO detailed models....and capcoms unique model design...those BIG booties...if were smaller there was more FOV btw :D)i wished it had one long story rather than 4 short parallel strories which i found disappointing.plus i think the game title has the potential to be -dont laugh- a counterstrike as its much more better-to me- comparing to other online zombie games in terms of ZI(zombie intelligence :D) and also quality and gameplay.(less funny but more SERIOUS)what it lacks is a FIXED title (rather than 5,6,...) which can help it becoming a successful online game and also it NEEDS a community that doesnt die few months after release :Ppersonally, bought it for multiplayer but didnt cry when got the fact that mp is dead as the single player was so good.still trying to find some friends to play with....need backup, its not easy :D"
76561198034443284,Not Recommended,221040,29398776,Posted: 21 January,all,Xan93Gamechanger,"Very bad game. Only the story is interesting, but the gameplay is SO HARD and boring. It's usually stupid, because u need to break 1,2,3...e.c. keyboards before winning any of levels from each company. Better to watch walkthroughs in YouTube but not play this stupid game from brainless designers. DO they play what they are producing to players???..."
76561197997511496,Not Recommended,221040,8815448,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Glen JAMMIN,This game is not very good. You basically go through the same story 4 different times and it's long.
,Not Recommended,221040,9556546,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Pierce Ruane,This is not fun. I've had fun. This isn't it.
,Not Recommended,221040,10955053,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,THICC BUTT,"♥♥♥♥ this game! When i first read he negative comments i though it only came from whiny resident evil fans who didnt like how the story is, but serioulsy.... this game is a huge discrimination to the Resident evil series.The control are bad... and the multiplayer zombie controls.... eugh!The graphics on the environment is even worse than in Call of duty Ghost (Yes, that bad!)Too hard, more action than horror, no horror at all tbh.and the skillsS? wtf is that?!""Oh! the player just used all his ammo and hp on that huge indestructable creature he just killed, and there is a boss up ahead, how should we reward him and prepare him for the next stage? hmm.... maybe some ammo and herbs so he'll survive? Nah! let's give some some skills points so he can skill his stupid points up, he'll like that. Also let's fill the crates inside the boss room with skill points so he has to kill the boss with his knife, but that doesn't matter, because now he has all these skill points so maybe he can get a new skill before the campagain ends!""To whoever came up with this: F*CK YOU!Also... the partners get stuck all the time... and i fall through the ground at times.2/10"
,Not Recommended,221040,25958154,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SoloLouis,This game is trash.
,Recommended,221040,17140200,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,lolschrauber,"I only played 2 chapters so far, but the game is really nice, I think on par with RE4, even.Much like RE4 and RE5, it's a linear game, sadly going away from the original format once again.Pros:+ Optimization- 100+ FPS at all times with a GTX 760/i7-4770 @ 1080p maxed out+ Supports 144hz- big plus for people with 144hz monitors that get lots of FPS+ Graphics/Art style- graphics look quite nice, it's darker and scarier than RE4 and RE5+ Improved controls- evasion moves, melee attacks and deathblows to help you out, possible to use a crosshair instead of the classic laser sight+ Content- Game seems quite big, there are a total of 4 playable campaings, first one took me 8 hoursCons:- Difficulty- I think I played on easy or normal, still the game is quite difficult, even after finishing RE4 just before starting this one- Cutscenes- I think there are too many, it's nice too have and they look decent, but sometimes it feels more like watching a movie than playing a game, but that's personal taste I guess- Quicktime events- There's TONS of them, and they're just annoying and sometimes suck with a keyboard- Ammo- I think it's easier to run out of ammo here. Shooting legs and knifing isn't so easy anymore.- Upgrade system- No more upgradeable weapons, instead you unlock and level up abilities. Not a huge downside, but I personally preferred just upgrading my weapons."
,Recommended,221040,17646336,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,keb,"so basically, Resident Evil 6 was just a way for Capcom to turn Sherry from Resident Evil 2 into the PERFECT waifu. they succeed, of course, or else i wouldn't be writing this review. She is simply magnificent, a true work of art, creationists and dumbo Christians (i'm a genius atheist btw, thought you should know) would say that there is no way that man could create a woman more beautiful than one created by God.Well, ♥♥♥♥ them because Capcom has proved them wrong. Sherry is supreme, she is beauty made manifest, tender, caring, pretty rosy red cheeks, and flowy blonde short hair with the most exquisite shine, both admirable and modest.buy resident evil 6. protect Sherry. protect her smile."
,Not Recommended,221040,25045258,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,JsNuke,My first experience with this game: An NPC kept getting stuck in the first section of Leon's campaign so I couldn't proceed.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=748659410
,Recommended,221040,12277498,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Astori Heichalot,"No longer a horror game,but a super badass action packed game..... aaand tight pants"
76561198067655387,Not Recommended,221040,19657913,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,bruce.c.jenkins,"If you like a good FPS single player campain, look elsewhere. This game looks and plays like it was made in 2002, not 2012.I bought 3 RE games in a package (RE 4,5,6). I played a couple of hours on RE4...it felt a bit stale and slow. Decided to give RE6 a try. In terms of graphics and gameplay, I don't see much difference in quality between RE4 and RE6.A few things that get annoying really quick:1. Cut scenes and worthless narratives:  I love a good story. Unfortunately, there's not much of a story happening here.  Shoot zombies. Go somewhere else. Shoot zombies. The pace is interupted by cut-scenes which serve no apparent purpose. Two hours into the game, I'm still unsure why I'm here and what I'm after.2.  Linear, stale, canned environment: It's the zombie apocalypse, so every building and street is in disarray. The game creators have used piles of junk to seal off areas and make the map appear bigger than it is. But there's no consistency to the barriers. In one rooom, you might be able to jump over a bench or a table. In the next room, you can't. Or you might find that a small board blocks a hallway that, somehow, you can't smash or crawl under.  It's just a very poorly constructed environment. RE needs to go open-world!3.  No tips/tutorials for crafting:  Herbs are a mainstay. I mixed them, I eat them, I'm healed - but there's no way to tell if I'm ""doing it right"".  Anyone new to the franchise would probably be confused. Find a plant. Combine the plant. Be sure to put the mixture in a vial. Then use it to heal. Not tremendously complex, but crafting in any game deserves a small tutorial or entry on the ""Help"" menu. What's the diffrence between red, green, etc...? It's a guessing game. So I had to take 5 minutes to restart from a save point and play around with herb combos. Worthless waste of my time. Just provide the information up front. (FC3 does FPS crafting right, CapCom should take a page from Ubi's playbook.)4. Cheap, underhanded AI tactics: For example, I see a zombie laying on the ground. I shoot it in the head. Bullet goes right through, no damage. Just a dead body, right? I walk up and try to kick it. Still no reaction. I walk past it. The zombie comes to life and attacks me from behind. I don't mind a genuine surprise attack from the AI, but tactics like this are off-putting to the player.After playing RE 4 and 6 for a total of about four hours, I'm calling the Resident Evil franchise broken. The linear style can't compete  with open world FPS.  The narrative is old and tired.  Even at half-price, it's still too much money."
,Not Recommended,221040,8027288,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,KinslayerHG,"To play with a friend its a good game,but alone the game can be boring,by the ♥♥♥♥ing time you take to make a chapter its like one hour...really.and the engine to me is the same of the two games before him,only enchanted by the capcom.the stupid AI is back like all RE.My opinion is with you want to buy this game to play alone,its bad thing to do,buy another game with the same money our buy a lot because the game is a little bit pricey!"
,Not Recommended,221040,9073455,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,[HGS][ANG]Evis,"71 minutes logged. That's about 80 too long.The Resident Evil series has not been doing too well lately. Survival horror has changed as a genre to adapt to the new market and new hardware available, Resi however seems to have gone down an entirely different path- a path of something that's no longer survival horror, but an action game that has flayed survival horror and is now shuffling around in its skin, occasionally turning slowly on the spot.Resident Evil 4 actually sort of worked. I liked it anyway- it struck a balance between dodgy control and the precision needed for action, keeping combat tense without (mostly) leaving you feeling like it was intentionally crippling you.Resi 5, was a bit of a mess.Resident Evil 6... what is this I don't even?It's a kludge of ideas, a mishmash of QTEs, set pieces, corridor shooting, holdouts in a sequence with no rhyme, reason, or flow. A conglomeration of poorly thought out stages and level design built on slip shop concepts and gameplay that quickly falls over into a huge pile of fail. It's hard to point out what exactly is wrong as there's nothing specifically terrible; it's just that nothing is done to the point of satisfaction. Everything is so half arsed, nothing works properly and so you can't single any one element out- none of it is up to scratch. The end result is a game that is frustrating from the moment you're in the start menu to the moment you turn it off.Resident Evil 6 is a classic example of a game that's trying to please everyone but utterly fails to do so thanks to being totally under developed in all areas. It needed tighter direction and a sharper focus on a more limited concept. This game may well kill the franchise. Leave it alone, it died a long time ago and this is its reanimated husk."
,Not Recommended,221040,29547385,Posted: 28 January,all,Xmeagol [ZF],"A step up from resident evil 5, but equally bad, one of the few games i refunded mid stream."
,Not Recommended,221040,28696805,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KamikaziFly,"I bought this for my son and I to each play on separate PCs together. It worked fine. But this is less of a shooter than just punching zombies. The zombies stagger so much, it is hard to get the 2-5 head shots required for a single kill. But shooting is fine compared to the gameplay issues.What I hate about this game!-25pts: The lack of ability to move. Feels like you might as well be on rails. The game forces you into an extremely confined space to walk through. Even in an empty hallway you are forced to walk around small desks. I would have rather they just put me on rails than whatever movement impairing thing they did here.-25pts: Teaching you how to use Dash, as the space bar, then taking the ability of using it away in the next section. The game kept allowing me to use it for 10 foot sections then taking it away. This whole first section of the board was 30 minutes long of slowly walking around bullcrap items just for the sake of walking around bs items.-1pts: The game is kind of silly making you walk through a room around tons of desks in a classroom, as if it is fun or challenging to move around objects constantly during the time of a zombie apocalypse when none of this crap matters and should be fully destructable.-50pts: The camera is wobbly on purpose. I told my son I had to squint so I could only see a portion of the crazy cam, as my screen is right in front of my face, like every pc player. He made the joke that when he gets in the car to drive and put his keys in the ignition that he too wobbles his head everywhere. This wobble cam was so bad in the first car scene that I said I have to quit and he agreed with me. This game was the first game to ever make me car sick, and that is a bad thing.What I love about this game?+1pts: It has the Resident Evil tag on the name.+10pts: It is a zombie game with guns.0/10 Would throw up again! (I didn't actually barf, but it took me about an hour to fully recover from the head sickness this game gave me... everytime I played it!)"
,Not Recommended,221040,13253985,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Baracuda,PRESSING 'R' TO LAND THE PLANE DIDNT WORK FOR ME!MOST UNFUN GAME IN THE UNIVERSE! ALSO SKILL POINTS ARE USELESS!!!!
,Not Recommended,221040,32129869,Posted: 2 June,all,buttpiss,"i'm writing this review way too early, but I just needed to vent.wtf is with the recockulous quicktime event gameplay?! In the first minutes of the game, you have to mash one button at a time to play through the action; it is practically embarssing on how silly the gameplay is.why have me hit ""A"" to open a door during a cutscene? does that make it feel like i'm actually playing? really dumb.i'm going to update this review when I continue a bit further in the game, but right now i'm bored."
,Not Recommended,221040,33097097,Posted: 1 July,all,Sociosomniac,"Bland, especially for a Resident Evil game."
,Recommended,221040,10993143,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,AnonymousZao,"I can't stop playing. I haven't showered in days, dirty dished are piling up, I have 36 missed calles from my family and I don't even care.Graphics 9/10Story 10/10Controls/Camera 9/10 (I suggest remapping the dodge button)Gore 10/10Overly jiggly♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10Must buy."
76561197999231199,Not Recommended,221040,14869449,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Amadeus,this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
,Not Recommended,221040,29456885,Posted: 23 January,all,Critical Nobody,"I had heard for years that Resident Evil 6 was a bad game. After playing around 16 hours of it, I can confirm that it is, in fact, a bad game. The controls are clunky and sloopy, shooting lacks any kind of impact, the focus on constant over-the-top action gets boring fast, the story is all over the place and characters are written poorly.To summerize each of the camapigns individually:Leon - Completed in 8 hours. Tolerable. Since most of his enemies are slow moving undead, the sloppy nature of the combat can be gotten used to and it has enough ridiculous nonsense set-piece sequences that can be appreciated on a ""WHAT IS GOING ON!?!"" level.Chris - Completed in 6 hours. Bland and boring. Terrible cover system, enemies that shoot back don't work with the how the shooting controls, most of his story feels pointless and the ending boss fight is infuriating. Waste of time.Jake - Did not finish. Focuses on melee combat, which doesn't work as most enemies have guns, chase sequences with a terrible camera that obsures obstalces and forced/dull stealth sequences. Another waste of time.Ada - Did not play given how bad the two previous campaigns were.Only worth buying if it's less than $5, and even then only for the kinda ok Leon campaign. The rest can be skipped."
76561198137579892,Not Recommended,221040,23924854,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,DoDo,♥♥♥♥ you capcom!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,221040,23813087,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Vaphmir,6/10 aiming.0/10 everything else.
76561198066305411,Not Recommended,221040,24078964,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,McTowelie420,"I wanted to see how Capcom was finally gonna drive the last nail in the coffin with the series.... And they have done it. Please let this be the final Resident Evil in this series ever. Chris, Leon, Claire, Wesker dead as far as I am concerned. I didn't even play for a complete hour before I decided to completely quit the game and uninstall it."
76561198069597037,Not Recommended,221040,30229619,Posted: 27 February,all,Luddite396,"I gave up on this game after only one hour.  Just one damned quick time event after another.  Do game developers really think those are fun, or are they just so bereft of imagination that they can't think of any other content to put in their games?  If you enjoy wildly mashing keys as if your keyboard was a Whack-A-Mole game, then maybe Resident Evil 6 is for you.  But if you want to shoot zombies, bash zombies, kick zombies, and burn zombies, then get Left 4 Dead, Left 4 Dead 2, or Dead Island.  I played through RE 5, and the QT events in that game were annoying, but this game just punishes you with them."
76561198040083342,Recommended,221040,12394789,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,lifestop,"Grows on you quickly - once you learn the basicsI actually did not enjoy RE6 the first time tried it!  It wasn't until I played the game with a friend and had him show me the ropes, that I really began to appreciate the game as a significant improvement over RE5.Although the game is far from perfect, the most egregious error that RE6 makes, is not properly explaining the new character-abilities/game-concepts  as you play.The best advice I can give new players, is to check out this fantastic fan-made RE6 Advanced Controls guide:http://www.pdf-archive.com/2012/10/11/resident-evil-6-advanced-controls-guide-ps3-1/preview/page/1/Once you have an understanding of the changes in the game mechanics, I think that you will find your experience much improved.Now, Is Resident Evil 6 for you?Did you like RE5?  If yes, you will probably like RE6.  If you are looking to be scared, check elsewhere;  However, if you just want a solid, action-packed coop experience, you've come to the right place."
76561198005278449,Recommended,221040,12741173,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,kyle072,"I like this game very much. It by far contains the most content throughout the RE series. Although there isn't any concrete ending for the lines like Leon and Ada's, the whole story line is complex while entertaining.I recommend it to RE fans"
76561197990548443,Not Recommended,221040,8844582,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ahksar,"One of the most atrocious games in the series yet. The action is so cliche and non-stop it becomes boring. The quick-action moments are poorly made and a total waste of your time, used only to have the player ""do"" something rather than watching a cutscene. Terrible character development, boring story with completely ridiculous twists. Very ""North-american action movie"".Summing it up, this piece of garbage is Die Hard (All of them at once) and Need for Speed with zombies. If you enjoy this kind of thing, have fun. For those of you with any mental capacity, avoid this abortion, you'll be better off without it."
,Not Recommended,221040,19513589,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,★Lexasaurus-Lex★,"Though a excellent game with 4 different stories and lot of singleplayer and coop content anything beyond the campaigns are simply disappointing. With bugs, strange controls, fps drops, and the lack of any player base playing any multiplayer modes besides campaign coop really shackle the game away from what it could have been.I'd give this game a 5/10. If you are a loyal RE fan, this game is worth a play, simply for the campaign stories. However the lack of replayability and the dead multiplayer will have you uninstalling after the campaigns are over."
76561197972255373,Not Recommended,221040,8899504,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,lurker 42193,"Yes, it is that badA sale will not justifyYour wasted hours"
76561198043310628,Not Recommended,221040,9002682,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,CeeNic,"Dont buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Terrible angles, embarassing story plot, 5 chapters of unfortunate game play, zombies use weapons (WTF), just a flop of a game.2/10 because Helena has a nice♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221040,9496522,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Deirius,"not just no, but hell no. do not buy this game. do not waste your money."
,Not Recommended,221040,16271664,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Monsieur-Owly,"In 2013, Capcom was experimenting a new virus using the genes of six infamous filmmakers :Paul W.S. Anderson, Michael Bay, Roland Emmerich, Stephen Sommers, Ed Woods and Uwe Boll...Apparently, the abomination turned out as Resident Evil 6.Now you know where the ""6"" in the title come from.Forget about the giraffe theory.Rating:5.0"
,Not Recommended,221040,16950626,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Tek,"When it comes to Capcom and Resident Evil plot, there's no breaks on this train, baby!Because the train has derailed and it broke off. Everything's just debris now.Turn back.Seriously, this is one of the worst games I've ever played that doesn't fall into the ""bad because it's broken"" category. This game isn't broken, it's just made to be horrible in every way."
76561198028678769,Not Recommended,221040,19595658,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Kyle,A good port cannot fix a dreadful game.
,Not Recommended,221040,8594666,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Canadian Dave,"Longest, most painful tutorial ever. Can't even skip to the menu in order to start playing with your friend. The combat is clunky and highly unsatisfying. Trying to hit undead is more like a frustrating mini-game bent on irritating you rather than rewarding you. I'd comment on the voice-acting but honestly, that's pretty normal for a RE game.RE 5 was far superior to this game. My friend and I couldn't even get past the first chapter before we decided to play something else. As a CO-OP experience, it's very disappointing."
,Not Recommended,221040,12365325,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Jewishman,"Easily one of the objectively worse games I've played in a long time. Compared to other recent releases (from the last decade) or previous titles in the series, the game seemed closer to a mockery of current gen gaming tropes than a decent survival horror game.Your interaction in the game is fantastically low, you controls are taken away and altered to restrict you constantly and the game uses extremely cheap tricks to lengthen game time. Graphics are humiliatingly low, failing to reach even Resident Evil 5's quality, zombies and animations are awkward and clunky, running feels awful and combat feels dull from the first moment. You're shoved along a linear path with a character that feels completely borrowed and disconnected from the player.Worst Capcom shitware in a while"
76561198062918749,Not Recommended,221040,16390010,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Malganas,Boring as hell
,Not Recommended,221040,18670817,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,AnalBananal,"Worst game I've ever played in my life, can't believe I spent $60 for this s********************** *** ********** *******"
,Recommended,221040,22803325,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,AmphetA,i love the way they create the story specially on leon and ada
76561198071719139,Not Recommended,221040,25419767,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Zombie,"Holy mother of Thor this game is bad, it's like endless zombies magically flying at you causing a Thor damned quick time event every 5 seconds.Don't waste your time on this POS, I can't believe this came after RE5, it feels like 500 steps backwards."
,Not Recommended,221040,32202688,Posted: 5 June,all,Σ . D . K .,Oyun rezalet 2 saat oynadım hikaye birden değişti  atari salonunda oynuyormuş hissi veriyor ABV . :middlefinger:  :mdk3:
,Not Recommended,221040,35312122,Posted: 29 September,all,ytsejohn,Worst game I've played in the last five years - at least.The controls and the camera are unacceptable and the rhythm of the action is broken by unnecessary cutscenes every minute.The dialogues are trivial - at least.Don't put any amount of money in this thing.
,Recommended,221040,11006463,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Katiekat,This game is the coolest game ever :D LOVE IT <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
,Recommended,221040,18254080,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Roreik,"I recommend this game, yes. But don't get me wrong, I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this game.This game is the worst thing that could happen from a franchise like Resident Evil.The controlls are clunky, there are countless amounts of QTE's.The AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Hell, everything about this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Everywhere I look:♥♥♥♥♥♥But the reason why I recommend this game is the same reason I hate it; It's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!But you will have an awesome time if you play with a friend, because you will laugh your way through it all, and while you may always see why the game is a big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ you will just laugh at it even more.So if you want a really good Co-Op Experience, with alot of laugh, then buy this game, but get a friend to buy it too.Because if you want to play singleplayer, then you will just hate it even more."
76561198094935578,Recommended,221040,10891537,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,daPLEB,classic kinda fun
76561198052529373,Recommended,221040,8376783,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Exp1337,8351 94/\/\3 4/\/\0/V Я351(]3/\/7 1'v3 3v3я p14j3(]
76561198041658962,Recommended,221040,12022865,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,GundamSlayer,This Game is awesome 10/10 must buy
76561198038131341,Recommended,221040,7410830,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,larry the crab,"A little buggy, not a Dune Buggy though :)"
76561198052159681,Recommended,221040,17604622,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,PAPA PIMP,"Resident Evil 6 Review:Pros:Impressive VisualsGreat Set-PiecesDecent story for a Resident Evil gameLengthy Campaign with multiple characters and different weaponsCool boss fightsCons:IT IS NOT A RESIDENT EVIL GAME!Very linear and doesn´t give you much freedom to explore the well crafted environmentsSkill System is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!It can get pretty repetitive at times, since you have to repeat certain scenes with different charactersSure, Resident Evil 6 is not a good Resident Evil game...but it´s a damn fun game.If you want to play a good Resident Evil game..buy Resident Evil 4 or the Resident Evil HD Remaster.Resident Evil 6 gets a 6/10"
,Recommended,221040,23925110,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,✪Ninja,WORST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER 10/10!!!!!
76561198043161293,Recommended,221040,22945620,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561198010060844,Not Recommended,221040,25123959,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,lyoko,DON'T JUST DON'T unless u have a controller then you may give it a try.I for once got it for 10$ and instantelly regreted it.
76561197985706557,Not Recommended,221040,25128066,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,dr_groove_69,This is possibbly one of the worst games I have ever played. Alwafu gameplay. I am a huge Resident Evil fan and have played every game up to this one. It is such a disapointment. Don't buy this game.
76561198011975213,Not Recommended,221040,26002235,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Z3R0Dyne,Cluster♥♥♥♥ is an understatement
,Recommended,221040,7408190,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,sauce,"I purchased this @ about $12 (Complete Pack), and boy am I regretting it. RE6 is worse than RE5.1) Characters are bland, and predictable. The only good thing about them is their general 3D models.2) The story....if you can call it a story is just not there. This game would have been better off without one.3) Control scheme is still as terrible as ever.4) QTEs to the ♥♥♥♥ing max. I hate this type of game mechanic with a passion.There is no way in hell I would recommend this game to anyone. Capcom really needs to stop letting their executives control game making. They don't know WTF they are doing."
,Not Recommended,221040,26078657,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Wallguy,"A disgrace to the Resident evil series. The gameplay ranges from horrilbe to barely above average. The atmosphere and story is a huge step down from past entries. As a whole it's an average game which makes this game a total dissappointment when the rest of the series is steady between the 8.0-10.0 range. Even as a huge Resident Evil fan you don't need to play this and you shouldn't. It killed 3 months of my gaming summer with its blandness. Picking it back up was always through sheer force of will to finish, not because the game had any positive pull. 5.0/10"
,Recommended,221040,9056036,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Knud den Store,"Yeah, it is pretty good. It is a step up from Resident Evil 5. I highly recommend it if you like horror / action games. There is great value in this game."
76561198121446308,Not Recommended,221040,23735170,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lulzer,"Couldn't finish the campaign. 50% of the game seems to be cinematics. That wouldn't be okay even if they were GOOD cinematics. Also keep in mind you'll see the same scenes over and over because all the stories come together at times, so best case scenario you'll see the same scene from a different angle. Can't skip or tab out during cinematics, cause you never know when they want you to press some button in a QTE.Before you can play though, the tutorial teaches you how to walk, run, turn, aim, fire, open the inventory, interact with stuff, and do QTEs. The first half hour has more hand-holding than the rest of the franchise put together. Is this what games felt like to adults 15 years ago, only now I'm ♥♥♥♥♥ing with the benefit of nostalgia?I don't understand how Capcom came to this. If you liked RE4, odds are RE6 is not what you're looking for. RE6 is more like RE5, but worse. That said, co-op works well enough. That's something I would've liked in RE4. So if you're looking to play with a friend maybe you can make something of this, enjoy a couple of hours. But make sure you get it when it's on sale.PS: ♥♥♥♥ that chapter in the Chinese marina where you jump from boat to boat while a chopper shoots at you. ♥♥♥♥ it hard and long."
76561198021757575,Recommended,221040,3380761,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,Well I Don't Think Capcom Has Redeem There Selves!!!Only Leon An Ada Have The Classic Zombies The RestJust Like R E 4 an 5 Yawn!!!!!But The Story Bord For Everyone Is VERY EXCELLENT GAME PLAY AN CUT AWAY SCEANS ARE EXCELLENT BUT THEY COULD HAVE DONE BETTER LIKE HOW CAPCOM SAID BUT OOOOOOOOWELL RESIDENT EVIL OPERATION RACCON CITY IS STILL THE BEST AN PAST RE GAMES ARE!!!!!!!!If  You Are Going To Buy The Game Wait Till ITS TEN TIMES CHEAPER AN WORTH THE MONEY THEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,221040,23840177,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,spaghetti and coffee,ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์ส์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์็์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั์ํ์่์ํ์ั์ํ์๋์ํ์ั
76561198222460760,Recommended,221040,24254530,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Tom Martin's Asshole,6/11 made me bomb an orphanage.That means it's pretty good.
,Not Recommended,221040,26476653,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,TYLER,qte
76561197972519137,Not Recommended,221040,24145262,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,rdy2fly,Don't waste your moolah. You have been warned. I wouldn't play this if they paid me.Thank you Steam for refunding me!
76561198014082373,Not Recommended,221040,24354232,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Orekk,"Horrible controls that change depending on changing camera angles, very little replay value and the worst stories of all the saga, sometimes you will ponder if you are even in RE or some generic shooter that is just bad."
,Not Recommended,221040,24067868,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Chips,waste of money
,Recommended,221040,12283743,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,roxy,"This game is an interesting piece of... something. I would say that it's a bad game, mostly because it's trying to be a horror game and it isn't, it's extremely overpriced, the graphics range from okay to eye-bleedingly bad, has way too many bugs and the story is extremely hard to follow.BUT. Even though it really doesn't feel like a Resident Evil game, I'd hate to say it, but the co-op is sort of fun. I love how the game gives players different tasks and makes them get seperated and cover eachother. It just feels... interesting. Also, killing ememies is incredibly satisfying. Some of the boss battles are sort of cool, like the one on the second chapter of Chris 'n' Piers' campaign. Also, if you play it with a friend, laughing at the many broken things you find is awesome. So... I give this game a recommendation."
,Recommended,221040,11056856,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Rusty,"no doughnut cutting physics 0/10 do not buymercenaries is very fun though. if you're willing to take some time to learn the new controls, it's similar to RE5's. 6/10 wait for sale"
,Recommended,221040,12457634,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ash-ree-ree,freakin' awesome
,Recommended,221040,12636181,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,bigboss,"very enjoyable, liked the different people and storylines that come with them"
76561198078208116,Not Recommended,221040,25691879,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,odoscoldbeak,"They tried to copy the films and it didn't workCapcom Certainly Dropped and Egg with this, and I don't mean as a RE Title, forget about that and it is still a bad game, the films and the games should have been left as completely seperate entities.Despite the controversy and slating this got upon release when I saw it in the Summer sale for Six Bucks it was out of sheer morbid curiosity that I bought it.  The Portmanteau twist was something that I found interesting and if it had been done properly then it would have been amazing, but from what I understand Capcom blew the budget for this on Corperate Suits, Advisors and other assorted Professional Butt-Kissers who know nothing about actual Games or the fans that buy them.   Also while playing this the inconsistency of the graphics and a few other things gave me the sneeking impresion that corners had been cut and this had been rushed through so I did a little Due Dilligence which I found interesting.By far the largest RE game to date is the complete Revelations 2 with a Whopping Big 18 GB.  Coming second (surprisingly) is the HD Remaster of the Gamecube Remake at 17 GB.  However RE 6 comes Third at 16 GB, and that's after CAPCOM added more content because of the complaints,  so it would indeed seem that something had definately gone wrong in the production of this.  Let's face it these days most Independent Small Producers make product that hits around the 16 GB mark, but a Mega Companly such as CAPCOM can't produce better than this?!?!  Ultimately Capcom's clear distain of the fans is what wrecked a game that COULD have been a convincing Comeback for Resident Evil.First of all if you made it past the epic Train Wreck of an Intro Level without uninstalling it, either out of sheer frustration or because you genuinely thought it was broken, then well done because many have fallen here!   Ok that over and done with perhaps we can enjoy the actual game?  Nope, the PC version is still a complete stinker.....and I get the creepy, unshakable feeling that the Suits at Capcom were trying to punish us for not liking the change of direction they started in RE4 as I have not come across a game that does so much to deliberately sabotage itself  since  The Fabulous Wanda.  These awful game Mechanics don't happen by accident, someone has to plan and and code them, then they have to make it through testing and managment approval.  I really feel this may well be an act of spite from Capcom because we wouldn't jump through their Hoops and Like what they told us to Like.  Just a feeling...Visually it tries to be Epic, Glorious and Cinematic - it's such a shame that Two thirds of the time will be spent looking at the Keyboard!  If you thought RE5 has mega amounts of Quick Time then you ain't seen nothing yet.  The ""JAKE"" Level is almost exclusivly QT, and Visually Incomprehensable QT at that!  Instant Kill After Instant Kill after Instant Kill after Instant Kill makes the Two Hours completing this level this seem MUCH longer.  Hey Capcom...I didn't spend huge amounts of money on Top Quality components, sound systems and a HUGE TV so I can get neck Strain looking at my bloody Keyboard!!   I bought this equipment because I wanted an immersive experience and to get ""Lost"" in fantasy for a few hours.  Personally I HATE Quick Time because it destroys the experience just as certainly as that annoying idiot who Talks over the Film in the Cinema does.  This isn't Dragons Lair in 1985 for crying out loud, but that's what ""Playing"" RE6 feels like for the most part.  Give me Tank Controls any day over this.Ranting aside, and allowing for the Awful ""Wesker JR"" Level  what you have here are essentially Three versions of Mercinaries that try to share a common story but it's been done so badly that I just didn't care. The Chris level is a Buggy, Frustrating Clunk-Fest that REALLY showcases how bad the AI Partner system is (who just blocks your way from progressing and gets you killed)  and the Genius idea of having the game root you to the spot in crucial arears of battle while choosing the most unhelpful camera angle possible for you.  It also  unfathomably switches back to Tank Controls for the last boss fight which again are mostly uresponsive so good luck with that.There is a resonably good Leon stage with a passable Ada stage so to make things slightly better save these for last.  Revelations 2 should have been the Real RE6, it is a much better game in all respects and I really do feel for all you whom bought RE6 at full price.Anyone else notice that they stole the music from the Ravenhearst Games?"
,Recommended,221040,16022442,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,edited....after years it's not yet dead online.....
76561197983675579,Not Recommended,221040,13641355,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bondos,"Aivan järkyttävää kuraa, älkää missään nimessä maksako täyttä hintaa ! :D graffat sun muut tapissa, autot näyttää joltain pahvilaatkoilta :D Ehkä oon nirso mut en pelaa tälläst missä voisi olla todella paljon enemmän potentiaalia näyttäviin grafiikoihin :P Ei vaan maistu :D"
76561197986179382,Not Recommended,221040,16685173,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sigmoid,"Even though it was resident evil, I assumed that I'd be able to jump into the zombie killing slaughterhouse.Spent about 40 minutes getting through the first campiane. About two minutes afterward, a man named Gillmore invaded my session and proceded to share his spanish soapopera's over the world's worst microphone."
,Not Recommended,221040,11617387,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,The Protagonist,horrible peice of♥♥♥♥
76561197975648134,Not Recommended,221040,13642634,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Piroz,asdasdsdd
,Not Recommended,221040,13748333,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Biggu Bossu,This game eats more♥♥♥♥♥than Richard
,Not Recommended,221040,18418523,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Sir RageQuitsALot,"I got this game for CO-OP play with a friend who is a really serious fan of the series, but he got fed up long before we finished the first campaign and has refused to touch this POS in the two years since.Lackluster compared to other games in the series with weird omissions and weirder additions.Idiotic control scheme.Plot is bad even for a series infamous for bad plots.The rotten cherry on the top is the serious bugs that can stop your campaign DEAD, especially the permanent insta-death after cutscenes glitch that was supposed to have been fixed.At least I got the previous game as a bonus, but I'd have gotten a refund if that had been a thing when this game came out.Go play any other game in the series and give this one a skip."
76561198028847349,Not Recommended,221040,15610315,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Cool Zlata,"Allright so I bought the game just playing whit my great friend and I have to say it has been fifty/fifty of enjoyment overall..So many bugs what makes you angry what cannot ficks, few bugs CAPCOM told was patched at 2013 but still in 2015 the bug was alive.. No matter me and my friend accidently figured it out and continued the game :) .Single player: If we are not talking about Ada's campaing its boring as ever can be. as usual the bot is dumb, not even helpful and kind of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Multiplayer has been really fun to play whit my friend but still there should or could be more that would keep the interes on the game.Leon Campaing: 7,5/10 . Reason: ending boss was number 1 because (SPOILERS) you fight like 304 animals before the motherducker die to a single bullet like yeah yeah yeah yeah.. only what I liked was dogs and zombies :)Chris Campaing: 9,5/10 . Reason: only few bugs was in that campaing and the campaing was just too good.. ending was too damn good.Jake Campaing: 6,0/10 . Reason: mostly because the one bug what made us play the same part 40 minutes what made me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and the ending was so damn messy.. where did they go? I dont know.Ada Campaing: 8,0/10 . Reason: love playing it alone and no need to check one out every second. few puzzles was damn stupid.. few timings was too damn fast :DAction is really bad at this game.. like if you need to run away from chopper or boss you have to mostly press 2 buttons and hold them.. thats it ? yes.. and yeah I forgot if you are even 504 feet near a ledge your character will bugging and you die so everything again :))))))mayby few people might find this game as a fun and cool but I found it kind of test game what not suppose to even release but hey its up to you if you buy this..and not anymore unlimited bazookas ;( GoodBye The Real Fun - Memories RE5"
,Not Recommended,221040,15853572,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Bionic,It isn't what i thought it would be. But I can consider it OK for now.
76561198009779678,Not Recommended,221040,17218342,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,KatArus,"Typical consolish action garbage with nice realistic graphics style and one long QTE instead of gameplay. While it doesn't seem that bad if you play on a normal difficulty with a friend (it's either you + friend or you + bot). on higher difficulties gameplay design flaws are apparent.There are a lot of places in the game when cinematic camera flyover starts to show you door you've just opened or some other point of interest. You get locked out of controls and camera moves elsewere but game world does not freeze and by the time you get control back you're either surrounded by the enemies that were present in the room or the game spawns some new ones from the air vent it froze you near and you get gangbanged. Just look at this♥♥♥♥♥♥http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=562449171And those QTEs... They've eventually added an option setting that does all non-combat QTEs for you. Yup, it's THAT bad. Zombie gets within 2 feet - QTE, zombie jumps at you from a mile away - QTE, zombie swings a shovel at you - QTE, QTE, QTE, QTE, QTE, QTE, QTE! I'm not a console player myself but now i throughly understand where ""press x to win"" came from.Get it with 75% discount, play on lower difficulties, preferably with a friend, so ammo is abundant and you can just blast everything that moves from a mile away plus turn off QTEs in the options and you might have a bit of fun. Otherwise get Dead Space 3, Resident Evil 4, or Borderlands.Also. plot-wise, this game has ZERO connection to other RE titles and, traditionally, zero sense. Yay."
,Not Recommended,221040,17959924,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,echodeimos,By far the worst RES game yet. So disapointed.
,Not Recommended,221040,20132737,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,BlowitAllUp,♥♥♥♥ing horrible. Worst Resident Evil game thus far. It's like they hired a retard to direct this pos. Camera angles and mechanics ruin the experience and just takes away the fun. MASH the buttons and WIGGLE the sticks!!!Resident Evil 5 is a masterpiece compared to this game. This one is just a mess. There was a snowmobile level where we would constantly glitch through the mountains and have to start over like a hundred times. They did NOT put any effort into making operating vehicles even a tiny bit enjoyable. Did I mention the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥forced camera angles?The only thing I liked about this game is the giraffe getting a BJ.
,Not Recommended,221040,9658173,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Dconstrukt,"I cannot recommend this game because Leon still can't drive a car.  Also, this strays far, far away from it's survival horror roots.  Let's hope for more suspense and horror in the next RE... if they get it right.  My subjective rating based on the experience I had in game tops out at 6 cucumbers out of 10.  Discount buy for CoD fun."
,Not Recommended,221040,13189159,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FlyingMonkey,"20 minute unskippable intro cutscene/QTE and practically unconfigurable controls almost made me quit immediately. I finally got through it and tried to play co-op with my friend, but the terrible quality in-game voice chat can't be disabled. What a waste of money..."
,Not Recommended,221040,13729795,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mr. Jeremy Fisher,meh
76561198095073192,Not Recommended,221040,15892346,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,*****pin,"Intensely boring when a games got ultra pointless game play design, shame really, concept was always good but cant immerse in all this press X or LT profusely just to get munched a tenth time. gave it half hour and couldn't progress, had to uninstall before i went insane, wish someone could build another skyrim type game, one with proper game play, i'm getting fed up with buying crap games that don't seem to be well reviewed. Unfortunately this ones not for me, but maybe retro diehards would appreiciate.  Mr Disgruntled."
76561198049334805,Not Recommended,221040,15894064,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,DV8,"Removed game after ch 5 chris , should call this game resident evil door , or door 5000 with zombies , after the 100 deaths cause you just uh cry cry backwards from the 2nd chamber making compleating ch5[chris] ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t impossible, save your money this and resident evil revelations 2 is pure♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,221040,24949658,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Papa Smurf,it's Awesome
,Recommended,221040,24057677,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Kusanic,That♥♥♥♥♥!!!!
76561198116653425,Recommended,221040,34216632,Posted: 13 August,all,HUNGRY!!!,shoot them all
76561198026367539,Not Recommended,221040,13889862,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Hexagoros,"There really are just no redeeming qualities here.  The gunplay is horrendous.  The graphics are bad -- even for when the game was released.  The animations are laughable.  The textures are super low rez.Seriously, is this what Resident Evil has become?"
,Not Recommended,221040,13796120,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Kyle,"Literally the worst game I have ever played that I expected to like.  I couldn't justify spending time finishing it.  Contains every bad design decision ever made packed into one game.  The game stands of an example of what not to do when making a game for every possible game-play design decision.  It would be a much better use of your time to just watch the game on YouTube if you're desperate to experience this train-wreck.If you buy this game you will experience:Quick Time Events.  Thousands of Quick Time Events.So much repetition.  Sparse checkpoints in areas riddled with instant deaths.Forced stealth segments in a non stealth game.Enemy invincibility frames for common enemiesFailure to save in coop on D/C, which will occur regardless of internet quality (I was on LAN).Camera grabs during critical game play moments, many times killing you.  Movement during critical sequences is often trial and error.Coop being unplayable due to said camera grabs focusing on the other character.Clunky UI.  A combination of mouse and keyboard input is often required even for simple things.Inventory management hell, in an otherwise action oriented game.Shaky mouse cross-hair with mouse aiming.This game is more frustrating than fun.  If you must play it, do yourself a favor and turn off quick time events. You will find enough other ""content"" to sate your masochism."
,Not Recommended,221040,16082322,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Jackhen,"Stupid game design everywhere, stupid detail everywhere"
,Not Recommended,221040,25392022,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Øuantum3,don't buy it; looks like a Direct3D game.
,Not Recommended,221040,34051280,Posted: 5 August,all,Felix,"unfair to say I'm deleted this game for being ""too Japanese"" but, yeah, the console port isn't too great & the controls don't work that well on the PC. The game is clearly a PS4 game that isn't too well-updated for PC & isn't that fun to play because of that. The menus are clearly still the console menus with no changes whatsoever to make them look like PC menus"
,Recommended,221040,23054152,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,Great Game but the Franchise seems to be missing something!
76561198353351764,Not Recommended,221040,33677019,Posted: 20 July,all,elitemerker,bad resident evil game too many glitches slow ai and too many qtes.
,Recommended,221040,7907017,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Tuong,"Blending action and survival horror, Resident Evil 6 promises to be the dramatic horror experience of 2013. Resident Evil favorites Leon S. Kennedy, Chris Redfield and Ada Wong are joined by new characters, including Jake Muller, to face a new horror, the highly virulent C-virus, as the narrative moves between North America, the war-torn Eastern European state of Edonia and the Chinese city of Lanshiang.With four distinct, yet interwoven story threads, each with their own pair of protagonists for either solo or co-op play, both offline and online, not only will Resident Evil 6 deliver both different perspectives and gameplay styles but, with the introduction of the innovative Crossover mechanic players will be able to team up and share the horror. At key moments during the game, up to four players can join together online to tackle a specific situation, with some stages seeing the usual partnerships swapped to further increase the depth of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,221040,25818686,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Taho,"You know most resident evil games have been notorious for pretty odd pathing, and methods of blocking a certain path.I can stomache the plot, and i can stomache some pretty edgy AI  at times.But what i can't stomache is  how they impliment a way to climb over things with ease , wall hug etc etc...and yet...a small stack of fruit can't be volleyed over, cant be destroyed is major wtf for me.The other reason im giving this a thumbs down, is that the fact you cant pre shoot corpses that will be blatant enemies is entirely forbidden, mister script says thats not allowed becuase you totally wouldnt double tap something on the floor...pffffff ."
,Recommended,221040,26283178,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,selling trump steaks @ $99/steak,Game is godlike in coop. Negative reviews are mostly complaining that this game is not Resident Evil 1: 2
,Not Recommended,221040,12674828,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,In It For The Nudes^jbl,"If you are a fan of RE1-3 and are expecting survival horror turn away now. It's not just a third person shooter with zombies, playing on veteran gives you less ammo and health items, but doesn't really make the game difficult. You can kill most of the zombies with a knife or by punching them out. If you headshot a zombie it will do an animation in which it is invincible and you cannot headshot it again.The one redeeming quality of this game is it's a decent port and leaves enough options open to you, but no way to turn of post processing effects. It runs really well too."
76561198011237255,Not Recommended,221040,12417689,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,cwo109,"This game is confusing and terrible. The controls are so bad that I can't even figure them out, even with a walkthrough. I can't get past even the 'intro' part of the game cause the controls are that confusing. I've played games all my life and wow, this one it just bad. At least the graphics are pretty..."
,Not Recommended,221040,19983594,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,BoomerzDude,Go buy the remasters of the first 4 games. This one isn't worth it even if it is free.
,Not Recommended,221040,25002195,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Thom Yorke's squinty eye,Resident Evil 6 review in 3 words:No pause button
,Recommended,221040,14943830,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Chocolate,"The WORST Resident Evil in the series.But I love it. It's the worst between RE4, 5, and 6 when RE became an action series. I strongly recommend getting drunk and playing the campaign with a friends. That is... if you have any friends. Lucky for me I'm not a basement dwelling loser. I marathoned the campaign with a buddy, and it was fantastic.The story garbage, but it's so bad it's good. Don't take it seriously. It's a campy, action B-movie. But the campagin is terrible for replays. It's chocked full of QTEs, cutscenes, and gameplay interruptions. RE5 gave you huge sessions of gameplay with a few cutscenes in between. This dials everything up to 11. They even patched it so you don't have to do QTEs anymore. I'm not joking.I can't even jump into a random co-op campaign because of all those issues. It's just so boring. It's too bad because the gameplay mechanics are the absolute best in the series. So I strongly recommend Mercenaries and checking out its other game modes.Overall, it's a fun game best played with a friend so it's easily worth $10 or $20.HAMMER THE BUTTONS AND WIGGLE THE STICKS/10(Look it up on YouTube)"
,Not Recommended,221040,12399428,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Grievousan,"i only bought this becuase it was on sale, i would not personaly recommend it, it strays to far away from the original resident evil theme and is not as enjoyable as some of the earlier games in the series.4/10"
76561197964434874,Not Recommended,221040,12418766,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,\\,"This game is so terrible. Buggy, boring, lame."
,Not Recommended,221040,29975523,Posted: 16 February,all,Unmutual,"Horrible excuse of an RE title, I removed it from my library for a reason, Valve. Stop showing it to me everytime I open the damn store."
,Not Recommended,221040,30177957,Posted: 25 February,all,Robert Fagot,GOTY
,Not Recommended,221040,23572916,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Chiken,"if you are looking for good game mechanic, modifiable options and great voice acting, then this game is not for you at all.i personally speak from my life long experiences with the game, that i first bought today. it also has a great co-op missions where your friends block you in the doorway while texting their grandma what's for dinner today, and some of them make fun of you when you screw up (even the fact that i didn't).but the game gives you trading cards and free trip to mental hospital, so atleast they got that going.9/10 would uninstall"
,Not Recommended,221040,31985073,Posted: 26 May,all,Saulsa,what ♥♥♥♥ is this
,Not Recommended,221040,29372691,Posted: 20 January,all,Stanley,Dear god this game is terrible. The controls and screen changes are just sad. Please feel free to purchase this game if you do not like to have fun and desire complete frustration while playing this junk.
,Not Recommended,221040,11400153,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Appr3h3nd3r,too much just wrong with this game. had my fun tho. not anyones cup of tea.
76561197995231109,Not Recommended,221040,12266936,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Laho,"This game is an aberration.As a Resident Evil game, it fails completely. There is almost no horror or tension at all in the game. Some inklings of it in Leon's campaign is all you will get.Story wise, it's completely non-nonsensical and doesn't really advance anything. On the other hand, it's a fully self contained story with almost no references to other games in the series.It also falls completely flat as a third person action shooter. The pacing is terrible, there is a tiny amount of enemy variety. Getting shot instantly knocks you on your back. You will have to drop stuff from your inventory every few minutes even on higher difficulties.The game is also plagued with a constant stream of Quick Time Events. All of them different, and all of them extremely tightly timed, to the point where you'll have to take your hand off your mouse to mash your keyboard with both hands to beat them. It's absurd.The camera is used to increase the difficulty of certain boss fights for no clear reason. It'll switch from over the shoulder to fixed angle with no warning, sometimes making you about-face right into instant death.Even the COOP is messed up. Ada's campaign gives you a token faceless companion who can't even interact with doors or the environment, unlike in the other 3 campaigns. It was obviously meant to be a single player experience.The characters look nice, have a good amount of detail to them, but the environment textures are terrible. You will constantly get closeups of textures so blurry you can't even identify what they're supposed to represent.Avoid this game at all costs. It manages to be worst in every way than Resident Evil 5. It fails as survival horror, 3rd person shooter action and even COOP. Do not touch this turd."
,Not Recommended,221040,7518406,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Deturis,"Leon campaign - 5/10 -> Wanna be a horror game.Chris campaign - 6/10 -> Wanna be a shooter game.Jack campaign - 7/10 -> This campaign gives you best thing that resident evil 6 do, which is action and shooting.Ada campaign -> 5/10 -> Just meh.As a shooter game it's a decent piece of software, but RE series were always horror games. So points above + tons of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ wiggle sticks mechanics (aka QTE) 5/10."
,Not Recommended,221040,9591069,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Captain Mazda,"Trash, like most of Capcom's games."
76561198083260392,Not Recommended,221040,12441346,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ManiacalKiwi,"I'm not gonna say this game wasn't fun at times, it's just not what I payed for. The problem with Resident Evil 6 is that the games play style and tone are so different from previous games that it doesn't even feel like a Resident Evil game anymore. And I'm not saying change is bad, it's just frustrating that they have to over simplify great game series to try and grab a larger audiance. Don't expect this to be anything like a the games before 5, this is just another run and gun third person shooter with co-op, even more so than the fifth.Gameplay: 5/10, It could have been much better, normal is to easy and hard is unforgiving, the inventory system seems like it was either half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or they thought it'd be easier for new players.Story/plot: 2/10, If you've ever played another Resident Evil then there's no way you'll enjoy this story, it's atrocious.Graphics/physics: 8/10, You can tell that this is where all they're focus went which is strange since RE was never known for it's graphics.Overall: 5/10, Average gameplay with good graphics and a awful story, if your hoping for a return to RE: 4 style gameplay don't buy this, if you could care less then go ahead and buy it"
76561198032886405,Recommended,221040,10700139,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,"""ITS ME""Mr.Pro",This game is great but i hate that you have to pay for some game modes!!
76561198084784666,Recommended,221040,15984416,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Bat-Flash,you can play it with a friend
76561198077353228,Not Recommended,221040,26319986,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Karui,This game is terrible. The terrible controls ruin everything for me and QTEs out the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221040,23233106,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Breizh Atao,"This is the worst RE ever. Glad I had it in a bundle....*PRESS A TO READ THIS REVIEW*The story itself is boring, as usual, where are the zombies ? they are just weird monster with some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ one who lookes like zombies.*PRESS X TO CONTINUE READING*4 differents stories, all the same QTE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and ""how to kill the action"" by pressing button and makes you go exactly where youhave to go and make you press the button you need.*CINEMATIC*Non skippable cinematic, non skippable death scene....thank you for making waste my time watching me dying for the 4 time in a row withotu beign able to skip it.*PRESS AN ARROW TO WALK STRAIGHT*Do you want to play ""mercenaries"" mode ? LOL GO ONLINE ! You can't play alone in 80% of those modes. No players playing ? WELL YOU DON'T PLAY EITHER !*CINEMATIC AGAIN*Worst RE ever, for real. This is not a RE, this is just an action game with bad story and poor fan service to try keeping the name ""Resident Evil""*PRESS Y TO CLOSE THIS REVIEW*"
76561198063398021,Not Recommended,221040,29952871,Posted: 15 February,all,Jace Windu,This game is a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥with too many QTE's and the gameplay is absolute cancer relying on to many door opening segments in pointless places one even taking place no more than 20 seconds after a cutscene just to lead into another cutscene. I do not recommend this game to anyone unless you absolutely hate your life and wish to self harm without leaving any visible marks.
,Recommended,221040,34242312,Posted: 14 August,all,Enchantress,"Gold game. Capcom <3Fan of the RE series. <3 <3Just didn't like the unavailibility to ""pause"" the game.9.5/10"
76561198010165691,Not Recommended,221040,8955251,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,The Pineapple Destroyer,"Oh how I miss you Resident Evil 4, how you blended horror and action so perfectly. You'd think with the return of the dashing Leon this game would have instantly been better...Noooooope! If it isn't the filmsy shooting mechanics, the constant knockdown, the insta deaths or the over the top call of poopy action, then this would be an otherwise great game. And you know you ♥♥♥♥ed a game up when the mini game Mercenaries mode is legitmately better then the single player. On another note...♥♥♥♥ off Jake, you ruined this game."
,Not Recommended,221040,12090371,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Hodor (KiCk3R),"I stopped playing at the part (at the beginning) where the Fighter Jet flew into a building, and fell off the building completely intact. I laughed and stopped playing.Also, my playtime hours were trying to get the game to work when it first came out. So many bugs stopped you from even getting past the tutorial level.Anyway, yeah, as a RE fan... this looked total gash. Go back to playing RE1 2 and 3 on your old PS1 console for true horror and a change of underware."
76561198091468017,Not Recommended,221040,17938781,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Bigg M,Unrealistic AimingYou have to kill the same monster 10 times untill it diesBad Inventory systemBad skill systemSilly story
,Not Recommended,221040,9508642,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Ace T'Ken,"Way too long, and completely uninteresting the whole way through. Gibberish story with stupid characters making nonsensical choices. Poor controls and camera to top it all off. Looks great though."
,Not Recommended,221040,11959638,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,daev,Someone actually MADE this game.
76561198087314152,Not Recommended,221040,12270538,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Razzle Dazz1e,The game was more fun when I thought it was going to be good....thanks Capcom for another great game
,Not Recommended,221040,9600990,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Kain Klarden,"I like this game. Not only as a huge fan of the series. I really like it. But I cannot recommend it to any fan of Resident Evil, nore anyone who wants a good survival action or simply third person shooter experience, unless they have a lot of patience and forgiveness for all the time the game does something stupid. Which happens way too often.I really cannot fault developers for trying to find new direction for the series. I can fault them for forced ""slow walking talk"" sections, for forced camera angles and shots that show in your face wha you have to do next without any respect for the player's intelligence and, since such little cutscenes don't pause the game, potentially setting the player up for instant damage once this cutscene is over. For trying to ""attract fans of Call of Duty""... But not for trying new things, not for making incredible setpieces, for creating such a grand storyline, which covers almost a year and several places around the globe. It's not very ""resident evil-like"", true, but it still would've worked perfectly fine, even while different, if the game's different ideas always clicked together or even always worked as intended. But, sadly, they don't. And it takes a lot of patience to suffer through horrible moments to get some unforgettably great ones.The concept behind the game was rather interesting - designers of Resident Evil Outbreak (a unique online multiplayer take on the series from the time, when consoles didn't do online all that well) and Resident Evil 5 wanted to make a game that will cover the ideas from the entire series. And created 4 main campaigns with 7 main characters, each with it's own gameplay feel and focus. Leon's campaign tries to evoke the oldschool RE feel, with zombies, survival and few tricks from RE4. Chris' campaign tries to mix RE5 gameplay with more methodic cover-based shooter. Sherry's campaign mixes ideas of RE5 with a more fluid and fast-paced third-person shooter gameplay, more Uncharted-style. And Ada's campaign is a bit like Sherry's, but with more stealth and slight Separate Ways feel.This could've worked perfectly fine, but each campaign has serious problems. Leon's campaign is really frustraiting in its first 2 chapters, since zombies in this game are horribly designed. They are numerous, hit hard and their main attack is a grab, that can go through your attacks and, in fact, can connect even if the zombie is dead - it will die right after the grab ends, but the grab can still put you into dying mode. Chris' campaign, while slightly bland and boring, workes out fine in the beginning, but by the end the inventory limitation becomes a huge problem, as enemies mutate all the time, which eats through your bullet supply fast, and item drops are often not what you want. Sherry's campaign is fun, but from time to time forces you in some stupid situation, be it QTE galore, or a badly-made driving section or a really stupid stealth section. And Ada's campaign is fun, but has some minor annoyances.Most problems could've been easily fixed, characters could've been given more unique traits (Sherry instantly regenerates a grievous wound in one cutscene, but it's not factored into gameplay at all), some enemies and weapons could've been slightly rebalanced, camera angles changed. And stupid annoying ""forced walk"" or ""look there"" moments removed, so player is almost always in control. Sadly, it's not how RE6 is.But I do like the game a lot. It ""gets' the characters and what story works with RE. It has really fun moments and good ideas. New controls, while sometimes being a problem, are really fun. Main theme, in all it's variations is great (rest of the music, though, is mostly forgettable ""cinematic live orchestra""). It looks really nice and has some fun variety both in looks and in gameplay. It's the first RE game, where I liked Chris, that's saying something too. But unless you're willing to forgive all the bad parts and elements, which are aplenty, you will not enjoy this game. Which is a real shame."
76561198092532134,Not Recommended,221040,26004610,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,OGbananapudding,worst resident evil game this♥♥♥♥♥♥is wack as hell. There were zombies driving cars and shooting guns lmao dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,221040,13840893,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Splastic,"Its a damn arcade game, didnt play for long got bored, it didnt matter how many times i gave this game a try it just didnt cut it. Lost all its resident evil feel. if i wanted a shoot em up with no real goal i would have played counter strike. Big big let down, dont recommend at all."
,Recommended,221040,23577306,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Willie,ye
,Not Recommended,221040,33354351,Posted: 7 July,all,The Nraza,"Great game, but the ~10 min credits sequence killed it for me. 0/10"
76561197964957305,Not Recommended,221040,32409308,Posted: 14 June,all,Burn in heaven,"its a fun game but the worst out of 4 and 5. no ungradeing guns in this one which bugs me why they did that. I didnt like the shaved head guy, i thought he was a joke of a human being, seriously he remind me of a middle school punk."
,Not Recommended,221040,33397368,Posted: 9 July,all,MRSH4DOW,"Quick time event so bad, when developer going to stop overuse this crapand it's tons of QTE in this game I really hate QTE it's making me frustrated instead of fun STOP USING QTE ALREADY!!"
76561198032528294,Not Recommended,221040,35040550,Posted: 18 September,all,Warriorsage,"Have you ever played a game that left such strong impressions that you came up with alternate titles for it?My list:""Resident Evil: QTE""""Resident Evil: Michael Bay""""Instant Failure States""""Least Likely Things to Happen in an Action Game""And my personal favorite:""Immersion Dumpster Fire""My point of reference is that I go way back to the first game in the series, but I'm not a fanboy.  I don't particularly mind SOME of the changes the series has gone through.  I tried hard to like this game, but its good qualities are heavily overshadowed by an enormous amount of bull**** in it.  I almost expected an extensive survey to pop up at the end simply because in a lot of ways the game couldn't make up its mind.  It's like they were field-testing lots of different features and couldn't decide on any cohesive themes, not even the same UI for different characters, so they just piled everything into it they could think of into an orgy of WTF.I'm going to assume you've read other reviews on this game.  Most of what people say is true, for or against, so I'm going to keep this as short as I can.  All four character campaigns are gonna last you about 20 hours, unless you're a perfectionist about scores / collectibles.This might actually be a good game to inflict on a buddy to share your suffering, as 3/4 campaigns all have one companion they can fill in for in addition to the DLC.  The AI in this role is occasionally dopey, but at least they're immortal with infinite ammunition and are able to revive you.All the DLC is basically useless though if you're going for single-player.  Two horde modes, two multiplayer-only modes.  This part I don't understand, because the game makes extensive use of a bot AI for single player campaigns, including 3 bots (or 2 players and 2 bots)  at some junctures --- why no bot mode for the multiplayer modes?I think it was the game's penchant for constantly ripping me out of its own context that got to me, though.  Cheap deaths, enemy mutational mechanics that punish good aim (on occasion, 3 shots centermass = death, 1 headshot = mutation + bullet sponge), an absolutely ungodly amount of QTE trial and error, action heroes with neckbeard stamina, being knocked down multiple times in a row because enemies can still move around while you're being revived, a bad skybox, INCREDIBLY unlikely environmental design/events, the list goes on.It's sad because the game has some decent production value, some cool monsters, a basic but serviceable story, and starts off with good atmopshere.  I only recommend it if you pay less than 10 dollars for it, preferably if you're going to play with a buddy, and maybe a few year's worth of breaks inbetween runs so you can forget what the game is like."
76561198105089099,Not Recommended,221040,24791537,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Scrufby (╥╯^╰╥),Oh no if only we can TURN OFF OUR MICS!!! this woulda helped alot because its clearly anoying and bustin my ears >:(
,Recommended,221040,7387486,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,mr bob,"Great graphics,Great gameplay,and Great everything <---- lolThis game is just WOW!"
76561198059929035,Recommended,221040,11707583,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Scaramanga,"i never  seen so many people look back with rose tinted glasses and talk utter crap about past resident evil games.They were only scary because they were of the early games to do this people forget they got older and same things scared you when your 13 dont scare you at 30As for scares well once you had a few you get used to them in all games .This game is a very well made action game a load of content some very talented devs worked on this, The  animation is first class. Game looks great and its good fun and combat can be intense and have your on the edge of your seatTrick with this game is setting up the camera angle to your own taste and getting your controls just right Game is a blast one of the best action games i played in a long time miles better than the early games"
,Recommended,221040,8447811,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[HSOWA] Break Room Benny,giraffe sucking man is bad game 0/10
76561198007512720,Not Recommended,221040,10023036,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,MasterofSarcasm,"This game is a massive step back from resident evil 4 and 5. The game has literally been downgraded and stripped of its innovate new features. Where 4 and 5 had a interesting, though rather bizzare story line. This game simply lacks a connection to reality and is almsot comical at times i.e. a massive tunnel to the centre of the earth being hidden under Washington D.C, which is also some sort of spanish conquestidor burial ground.... . This is going to simply be faster if I list the issues/downgrades from the previous games. What your missing out by buying this instead of the prequels. Note i actualyl really like the main leon campaign of the 4 as it is the only campaign which has any zombies in it and is actualyl really well done, though the story line is kind of a joke. The QTE's in this game are perhaps more achieveable than those in four and 5, but i feel liek they took away a lot of good content they had developed. Here are the main issues, Il save the minor frustrations for a book lol.1. 3 of its 4 campaigns are below average third person shooters against tanky soldiers, no zombie apocolypse feel, with lowsy ai, no obviosu story line and minimal character developement. the leon campiagn is the only one with zombies, though msot of them sprint or are super zombies/mutants. I did love the zombie shark/ jaws theme.2. No apocolypse feel. It feels a lot more like your some sort of bizzare secret agents runnign around in circles doing jumpign puzzles, and shooting soldiers coated in body armour, Not helplessly holdign off the zombie horde so you can escape and you desperately count your bullets and hope helps comes.3. No tutorials/ hints for some QTE sequences i.e. runnign away froms ome big orge monster the game doesnt explain (at any point during or prior that there is a sprint button, not even in the key mapping in the menu, which is required to survive this QTE) or hanging off a ledge the game doesnt show u need to hammer a and d to get up... Just presents a curved line with another line on it.4. No gun upgrades and leveling. This was a brilliant aspect making looting important and rewarding and required the player to make tough decision - where to spend my money. there is a player upgrade perks mechanci, but its a joke by comparison and is from the racoon city game that  most of us got our money refunded for, why scrap a good idea in favor of one from a game people didnt like?5. Your weapons fire kittens. They literallys do squat vs normal smg wielding enemies. the best strategy seems to be shoot to make them stumble then run in and punch them. Until you find better gun these parts are truely frustrating.6. No inventory mechanic outside of game. Resident evil 5 did this quite well, even if you could choose to use it to break the game. I liked having a chocie of what guns i wanted to use or saving ammo and heals for later when i knew I would need it. This is gone entirely. The inventory is also a scroll bar, not a 9 slow quick select gem, however the updated key binding controls do deal with to some extent.7. Its already on here but i feel i really need to emphasise it - The lack of zombies. Why are there no hrodes of zombies in a zombie apocolypse? Why are they either tanky gun wielding gangsters or almsot invunerable super tanky blobs?8. Admittedly the campaigns are good length, but the first one was okay, the other 3 are cringe worthy, Why did they waste so much time makign 3 third person fps campaigns with no zombies in a zombie franchise. If they ahd taken that time and added it all to the first campiagn and built up the zombie apocolypse feel at the start it would have been awesome!!!9. (look online, 8 is enough for me).Story: I honestly think they need to forget about urobugos or whatever. We all thought that zombies suddenly playing soldier was pretty damn lame - so why make this your core game mechanic, the bit we didnt like? Focus on the whole survival and apocolypse feel not the crasy ""we are some big secret organisation randomly trying to destroy the world we live in for some vaguely psychotic reason in a all over the place story line that doesnt really ever explain it"". If you cant explain your story line adequitely in a game of this length then perhaps you need to ""keep it simple stupid"". ! (this is the moto i use for story writing with my 7-8 year old class, who struggle to not go off on random tangents all the time in thier writing). Forget about over the top plans to destroy the world or universe or whatever. Simply give us a zombie apocolypse - what people play your game for!Sense my level of frustration with all the wasted potential in this game? Thats why you shouldnt buy it! It will frustrate you. Buy RESI 4 or 5 instead, or hammer a nail into your foot, whatever makes your happier. They should ahve stuck to reresident evil 4-5 - on the bits that work well and improve on the concept. If they listen to what people thinked worked really well and were excited to see in the game then they could ahve made something aweosome instead of the oppositefocusing on the bizzare storyline and rather camp main characters, and the bits people didnt like."
76561198025233966,Not Recommended,221040,12092348,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Zero's Escape,"Its like a interactive movie, 30 seconds of game play and back to the cutscenes"
76561197982822450,Not Recommended,221040,15837590,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,paul.houpt,"I know I have only played 2 hours so what do I know, but honestly I don't know which is clunkier the dialogue or the interface. Seriously the controls are about as intuitive as the textures are crisp... so you know...bad..."
,Not Recommended,221040,19508637,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Ixchell,"4/10 Its not the worst game i have played but god it's bad,"
,Not Recommended,221040,18788988,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,eternaleap,0/10. Time between checkpoint A and checkpoint B may be couple of hours. I hope ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who made game this way going to die in agony.
76561198081291853,Not Recommended,221040,24024313,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Life,"Apparently, if you have a newer graphics card and drivers, it won't be able to run the game. I get a black screen everytime I try to start the game up, but it was working the first few times I initially installed it. I can't recommend playing this game, because I can't even boot up the game to play it."
76561197984540710,Not Recommended,221040,11947654,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Terrificus,This is one of worst games I have ever played in my entire life.
,Not Recommended,221040,12079015,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Teddo G Bear,"This game is really HORRIBLE FOR YOUR PC/MAC/LINUX this game is incredibly slow even if you put the setting at the lowest possible rate,i can't even get pass the prologue of the game because it keeps being so damn slow its ridicoulous and i REALLY THINK I SHOULD GET A REFUND cause this is bad Really bad cause if you can't even get it to start with everything uninstalled like programs and such its not worth it,i have the Xbox 360 version of this game i beat Leon,Chris and Jakes story fine no problem at all but on PC its a living nightmare to even get passed the prolouge and i think either CAPCOM should update it to where at the lowest settings it will run good or not even have it on steam,if you have this on your wishlist be sure to add a home console on it with a copy of this game cause on computers its not worth it you could waste so much time trying to get it to run perfect but it wont so i have played the game on xbox i gave it 9/10 but for PC resident evil fans out thier just stay away from this game i give the pc version a good! 0/10 sorry capcom maybe you should update it"
,Not Recommended,221040,12085613,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,DeadCrush,"if you want to use a mouse, dont buy this game! mouse sensivity can NOT be controled, game was made for console i guess. if i knew, i would have never both, its impossible to play, shoot or whatever. also crashed on me in the 1 hour that i have played. very dissapointed!"
,Not Recommended,221040,18741368,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Punched Lasagna,"It's a sodding piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I cannot believe how bad this series got, because it used to be one of the best. Chris' campaign is by far the worst, with terrible controls, strange glitches and possibly the worst cover system I have ever experienced in a video game. The environments, while large, feel confined and stuffy. The graphics are alright, but aren't anything to scream about. I huge disappointment, and not only the worst resident evil game, but also one of the worst video games available."
76561198006441345,Not Recommended,221040,19356854,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kezia,One of the worst games i've ever played in my entire life. My first and last resident evil.
,Not Recommended,221040,19517670,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Kein,No. No no no no. Noooooope. Nupe. Nuuu.
76561198018229599,Not Recommended,221040,17909565,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,The Last Shadow,I have played every single resident evil game and this is the worst.Resident Evil is my favourite PC game/Movie and this makes me feel bad.I hope Resident Evil 7 will make the difference.Action                       -  7/10Horror                       -  1/10Campain                   -  4/10Mercenaries             -  7/10
,Recommended,221040,34222719,Posted: 13 August,all,HLEET,"This is a masterpiece ! The best resident evil I have ever played.Yeah, the contoller gaming sucks, it is action oriented game ... BUT the story and all the other character chapters to play are SO COOL and well directed (after you have finished the Leon Story first ... or you won't be able to understand very well the storyline).I just finished the entire chapters of the game which took me hours and hours of gaming, cutscenes are so great to watch.Characters in this game are well balanced, you get attached to everyone of them.So, OH YES I recommend this game !! I hope to see another game like that from capcom."
,Not Recommended,221040,29498827,Posted: 26 January,all,lrn2email,"I wanted to like it. It looked great, had promise, but didnt deliver. I got bored too early on in the game and nothing made me want to keep playing"
,Recommended,221040,19723986,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Poopity,"The Worst action movie, bad story, lot of bugs, only play it with a friend or you'll never finish it"
,Not Recommended,221040,13857626,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Peppermint Butler,"Too many cutscene(unskipable), takes forever to load the game(10-15mins) and terrible gamepad machanics"
76561198135403873,Not Recommended,221040,25361801,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,♠ MidnightWolf ♠,Would you really call this a Resident Evil game when you have to shoot down a helicopter with a grenade launcher?The answer is no.
76561198131657529,Not Recommended,221040,25391178,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,"Bis, The one without a clue",This game and poooooop are synonyms.
76561198006736389,Not Recommended,221040,9962967,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,johnni777,Exciting game at first but the controls lets you down because they are so awkward prepare to die the same places over and over agaib didnt get very far because of that so I cant recommend it .........
,Not Recommended,221040,33426263,Posted: 10 July,all,fudge,If you're looking for a fun and enjoyable experience then keep looking becuase this game seems to move backwards in terms of functionality. Only redeeming quality is the amount of joy you get from co-op.My score for this game would be 5/10
76561198000550257,Not Recommended,221040,35018970,Posted: 17 September,all,Fractured,Not worth playing even as a throw-away co-op.
,Recommended,221040,12586076,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Sollaire,"First of all, Resident Evil 6 is one of the best games in the series. I really enjoyed playing it and its a must for any Resident Evil fan.The things that i liked a lot:- Superb 4 Unique Campaigns- Lots and Lots of Cutscenes- Very Good Gameplay- Graphics Engine Optimization.- The Displaying Route Guide- SoundtrackThe things that i sorta liked:- Being able to Play with 2 different Caracters for each Campaign (except Ada)- The different Gameplay Skills- Mercenaries ModeThe things that i didnt liked:- Bad Design and Graphics related to a few Weapons- Some graphics could be better, specially in chasing scenes.- Benchmark not included in the Full Game version.- Too bad we couldnt play as Jill Valentine.I hope you all enjoy the game as i did. Cheers!"
,Not Recommended,221040,12674669,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,fenris awkwakwakwakwakwakwakwak,QUICKTIME EVENTS LOL
,Recommended,221040,29497633,Posted: 26 January,all,eXcruciate,"The only people who don't like this one are all the butthurt RE fans who were super butthurt this wasn't survival-horror when it came out but was even more straight up action-horror than 4 and 5 were. People didn't like the way Capcom was taking the series, hence 7 going back to more survival-horror. This is a much more polished game than 4 and 5 were, has no errors glitches or crashes, is better looking, has much better controls than any RE game before it, the best herb system in any RE game (including 7), better weapons, better inventory system, just a much more polished experience than 4 and 5 were. Which those games are still great games in their own right. One huge thing it has over 7 is its length. It has 4 campaigns and each one is longer than 7, making this game easily 3-4 times as long, not to mention it has more replaay value than 7 as well.One main complaint I had with those games was no zombies. The only enemies in RE4 were incestual hillbillies and in RE5 enemies were shirtless black guys or black sludge monsters. Thankfully RE6 FINALLY brought back ZOMBIES! ♥♥♥♥ing Capcom. One of the only flaws I can think of is that it is pretty linear. But so is every other RE game I guess. This game just doesn't have any keycard item find backtracking. You can re-run a campaign as the second character to make it a little more interesting for a second playthrough if you want. The herb system is the best one yet in a RE game: you find herbs, hit a key to automatically combine them and add them to your inventory as pills, then hit 1 to take a pill. It couldn't be more simple yet some reviewers complained about it. They also complained about there being so many quick time events. QTE's killed RE5 and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it of a lot of fun, easily its worst aspect. They were horrible, especially the QTE Wesker fight. But they are done differently here and are actually fine. Although they are not really a problem here, I do think games in general just need to stop using QTE's period.I'm also amazed this was such a good port because normally Capcom is hit or miss with their pc games. The women are super hot and the game is a blast.8/10, buy this for sure."
,Not Recommended,221040,29258086,Posted: 14 January,all,EDWARD FX™,"Blending action and survival horror, Resident Evil 6 promises to be the dramatic horror experience of 2013. Resident Evil favorites Leon S. Kennedy, Chris Redfield and Ada Wong are joined by new characters, including Jake Muller, to face a new horror, the highly virulent C-virus, as the narrative moves between North America, the war-torn Eastern European state of Edonia and the Chinese city of Lanshiang.With four distinct, yet interwoven story threads, each with their own pair of protagonists for either solo or co-op play, both offline and online, not only will Resident Evil 6 deliver both different perspectives and gameplay styles but, with the introduction of the innovative Crossover mechanic players will be able to team up and share the horror. At key moments during the game, up to four players can join together online to tackle a specific situation, with some stages seeing the usual partnerships swapped to further increase the depth of gameplay.Key FeaturesHorror on a global scale – No longer confined to a specific location, the outbreak of the C-virus is worldwide with the action taking place in North America, Eastern Europe and China The most expansive Resident Evil game to date- Experience the horror through four distinct yet intertwined campaigns:Crossover Gameplay - Not only does each story cross paths, but so does the action – At significant points when the narrative draws pairs of characters together, the all new Crossover mechanic allows up to four players to experience the horror together onlineSolo or co-op play – Resident Evil 6 delivers both single and two player co-op gameplay either offline or online (however Ada Wong’s campaign is one player only)New threats on the rise – Confront the results of the C-virus in all its varied and deadly forms including zombies, J’avo, Chrysalids, and much more Agent Hunt Mode - In this all new online mode for the Resident Evil series, experience the action from the other side. As a ‘hunter’, join the enemy side to become one of the game’s zombies, J’avo or other C-virus mutations and infiltrate another active game session to eliminate the human characters.Play your way – Use skill points to upgrade your character to provide faster reload speed, improved firepower or increase your health bar with the Character Skill systemRedesigned control system – Resident Evil 6 features an evolved control system allowing players to shoot while moving; slide; roll in any direction and to take cover along with the addition of an enhanced melee attackMercenaries returns – Players will once more be able to enjoy the highly popular Mercenaries ModeThe Mercenaries No Mercy - An experience available only on your PC, this additional mode is packed with twice as many enemies as The Mercenaries!7 Additional Stages for the Extra Content Modes - Previously available for purchase as DLC for the console versions, these 7 additional stages come as *standard on the PC version. (*These stages are unlocked via achievements.)Left 4 Dead 2 Crossover Patch - Scheduled to be released for free via the April 5 2013 Title Update. Blast your way through The Mercenaries No Mercy as your favorite Left 4 Dead 2 characterswith the Infected appearing as enemies as well!Compatible with Console Version FeatureUpdates/RE.NET- The PC version is compatible with all of the latest features that have been added to the console versions, and is compatible withRE.NETtoo."
,Not Recommended,221040,12457637,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,iDKjustheretoshoot,Can't seem to play it for some reason it there a way to refund it?
76561198049092223,Not Recommended,221040,12664847,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,rycyyn,"Played all the story to completion, can honestly say it's one of the few games I stuck with that I'm just damn glad it's over.0/10 you not do again."
,Not Recommended,221040,12456800,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Vild,"THIS IS♥♥♥♥♥♥ PLZ PLZ PLZ WE NEED AN OPTION FOR SKIPING THE 20 MIN ""LEON'S PROLOGUE""!!!!!!START GAME = SHOW MENU. !""¤%&/(==()IU%&Y¤T#Q&/))/&"
,Not Recommended,221040,17717820,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,elasticheart,It's just a nightmare after another
,Not Recommended,221040,10394123,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,FT.Amaruk,"I find that the Game Creators didnt quite know what is a difficult/challenging experience.The game does not make sense at all:- It keeps showing you where to go, how far you are from the objective- It even locks the camera in a way so that you are obliged to see where to go (simply horrible design)- But then, when it comes to puzzle rooms and traps, it simply throws you there unannounced and doesn't point anything.The overall experience so far have been really bad.If you want to have some Resident Evil fun with good graphics, go play Resident Evil 4 or 5."
76561198066580590,Recommended,221040,12473283,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,yfolerka,"This game is like call of duty ,"
76561198311341581,Not Recommended,221040,29387132,Posted: 20 January,all,(BOT)DogPig,"insane manual,ill for beginner,There is no plausible in this gameso not recommended for pc versiondisappointed"
76561198027860527,Not Recommended,221040,10024419,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Meownster Hunter,THIS IS THE WORST VIDEO GAME EVER MADE BY A HUMAN
,Not Recommended,221040,9637800,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,WaxxFetish,"Literally the worst RE franchise installment I've played and I've played all of the pc released ones.There's too much cons to even start listing them, pretty much everything besides the visuals, which are really good.Long story short: if good graphics and abundance of moronic QTEs make you hard, this is probably the game you're looking for."
76561198096415315,Recommended,221040,12418727,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Kronos,"Fun Co-Op game, me and my friend enjoyed every campaign. With 4 Playable campaigns the game is worth it. Bought on sale."
,Not Recommended,221040,30345876,Posted: 5 March,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"STOP! DON'T, OPEN, THAT, DOOR!"
,Not Recommended,221040,23966644,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,TheBarwiggle,"Resident Evil 6 = a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥After playing Resident Evil 5 on PS3, I already knew that the games were definately not canon to the films. Then again, are the films really canon to each other? After just 5 minutes on RE6, it was uninstalled but not forgotten about (sadly). The graphics are awful, the voice acting is awful, the story is awful, the whole game in general is awful.Will not be installed again. Sorry Capcom.1/10"
76561197997423371,Not Recommended,221040,21577069,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,TEFLON DON 永遠のトランプ,"I don't know, this game doesn't play like RE4 or RE5, I don't like it at all."
,Recommended,221040,29949521,Posted: 15 February,all,dom,"a paragon of innovative game design and intriguing gameplay mechanics, wrapped around a captivating, thought-provoking story"
76561198143853060,Not Recommended,221040,25772505,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,✌ Lettuce ☘☘☘,"this game has so many technical problems that its easier to just post a review of it ,i dont take credit for the review.This guy speaks the truth about the game i just finished all 4 campaigns and i share his pain.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDGKs15-0VI"
,Recommended,221040,12752909,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,SteeL,"I can only recommend this game for a Resident Evil fan. Gameplay didn't change since RE4 and RE5.Same stupid action cutsceenes where you can die coz of ""console"" controls. Same stupid monsters and slow to kill bosses - hit a yellow buble to win etc."
,Recommended,221040,12757353,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,MissMooMooCow,Still cannot unsee the lewdness of the title screen image...
76561198139889820,Recommended,221040,12705798,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,WHERE'S WALTON™,"bought this last night cos it was on offer.....always loved the resident evil series,played this for about 5 mins this morning and already looks awesome..........will update review more once played longer but looks a really good buy and defo worth the normal price"
76561198046007268,Not Recommended,221040,22204992,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Tophat Yami,No
,Not Recommended,221040,23601709,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,abel,"Аркадное однокнопочное ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о с примитивной графикой.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ да я бы даже голимому днищу ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ому в такое играть не порекомендовал, а уж я знаю что говорю."
76561198016073999,Not Recommended,221040,10154499,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Zongo,"Resident Evil 6 is a great game, I do reccomend it, but just not on PC. I have it on 360 and PC as well as RE5 and RE4 on pc and GameCube. If you just want a Resident evil game on PC, go for RE5 or Revelations (I haven't played Rev on PC yet).My computer is on Windows 7 64-bit and meets all the requirements and then some with common parts from AMD/ATI/Corsair, and the game looks and runs smoothly, everything is up to date as far as drivers go and I made sure all the possible problems on my side are taken care of.If you plan to play with a keyboard and mouse and regular speakers, ignore this, you will (probably) not have any problems. If you plan to play with a 360 controller for Windows, or a headset/mic, or anything USB, you might have problems. I'm not sure why it is or how it hasn't been fixed after this game has been released on steam for over a year, but many people have had the same problem I had. If I try to play with my Microsoft Xbox 360 Wireless controller for Windows, the game will crash. If I try to play with my Corsair Vengence 1500 headset, the game crashes. and these aren't occasional crashes, if I'm fast enough through the menus, I might get to a loading screen for a level before it crashes or I might not make it past the CAPCOM logo. When I looked up my issues and read that other people ""fixed"" it by just playing without controllers and headsets, I thought that it wouldn't be so bad, but this game is just not made for keyboards... maybe this is just because I have played every RE game with an actual controller, but the game just feels so.. out of place with a keyboard and mouse.Bottom line this game feels better on consoles, and I can't reccomend it on PC, get RE5 instead, you can play with a whatever you want, theres still people who play online, its half as much to buy, and amazingly, after 5 years, the graphics still look good by today's standards."
,Not Recommended,221040,19778267,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Tim Drake,"If you like Resident Evil games skip this one, and Rev 2.  If you like to play a game for 5 to 15 min then watch cuts. after cuts. then look no further than re6.  If like to button mash through things like climbing rope, or steering a boat, and clinbing ladders then you should play re6."
,Not Recommended,221040,12249429,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Vinicius Devil,Em pensar que eu deixei de fazer a pré compra do Bioshock Infinite pra poder comprar esse lixo de Resident Evil 6 -.-' nunca fiquei tão insatisfeito com um game assim.
76561197962009058,Not Recommended,221040,13845371,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Kaivo,"I have played Resident evil games from the beginning of the series and it was great change when the game went to 3rd person in RE4. It worked and even in RE5 it was ok if you accepted the shooter aspect and great co-op, but Resident Evil 6 is not that. A lot of bugs and clitches even that the has been out over 3 months. I played first chapter in Leons campaign and I didn't sense the same feeling that was in the RE4 and in the beginning of RE5.Resident Evil 6 is only poorly made 3rd person shooter. I think I'll go back to RE4.1/5, no salam."
,Not Recommended,221040,12814086,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,The Stranger,"I never thought a bad game could be so baffling as to have emotionally exhausting gameplay and a painfully unplayable story, and not the other way around.With that said, this was, and will continue to be, my experience with Resident Evil 6.The story has been fragmented and plays out over four campaigns, meaning you never get the full story until you play through each one. While this seems like it could be interesting, setting the entire game up for a moment where everything suddenly makes sense, there are a lot of problems with the fragments themselves. They are cliche and are very boring to play through, and at some stages, I think the game does a better job setting up minor charactersand their deathsmuch better than the hardly-ever-explained consistent protagonists. I'm sure Leon's story was supposed to be a slew of references to the zombie genre as a whole, but it's played too seriously to even consider; while Chris' story never explains where or why they're in a new location, just that they're there, and their squadron has more humanity in them than the cardboard cut outs the real protagonists have become.Then there's the gameplay. There are so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanics I don't know where to start: You're immediately thrown into the tutorial without warning, and can't proceed to the main menu until you complete it; the game requires more button combinations to do anything, such as how hide behind cover requires you to aim down your sights and press space (even then your character might not actually look out from behind it); the game's clunky button prompts get you killed (I died because the game gave me a prompt to make progress through a gauntlet event, only for the prompt to jump down appear and have my character backtrack into certain death); you can't pause the actual game, only bring up a menu, and with little to no breathing time, padded out gameplay, and timed missions, you better hope you just passed a checkpoint that'll start you right there because you'll have to exit to the menu otherwise; the worst quick time events that make up for 40% of gameplay; the aiming system being unreliable, with your characters' crosshairs wavering all over the place; and every enemy and boss being a bullet-sponge, and in a survival horror game where ammo is supposed to be scarce, you're ♥♥♥♥ed if you run out.Too long, didn't read:Gameplay sucks, story is boring. Don't even."
,Recommended,221040,14174384,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Karl Pilkington,"this game is a hot mess.as far as progressing the series, i think this did a better job than resident evil 5.   however the game is constantly undermining itself with iffy and questionable gameplay design.  its a high quality game for the most part, but so inconsistant. very frustrating.this is a game that grows on you, the first 20-30 hours or so I was pretty underwhelmed and disappointed. it is pretty much agreed upon that the second campaign (chris redfield) is the lowest point you'll experience and will make or break your opinion of this game, despite only being a small part of the overall experience.    Leon's starts out really good, a real return to form. then it gets real stupid about the time ""Debora"" shows up.  Chris's campaign is basically gears of war. (i enjoy it for what it is, but it is not very resident evil = ish)      Jake and Sherry are the best and worst parts of the previous two campaigns mashed together, and Ada (campaign 4) feels like an afterthought, but feels a lot like RE4 )The campaigns are pretty long,  and your first time through will generally take 4-5 hours for a single campaign. unfortunately they far outstay their welcome in the form of final boss fights that end up being half an hour long, and are full of quick time events.the controls are the best in the series, but it still has issues. the biggest being they decided to bind the key to sprint (and you'll do a lot of it), use levers and open doors, interact with objects (and you'll d a lot of it) , duck and take cover behind objects, AND quick time events all for the same single keybind.default aim is an ugly crosshair but you can use a red targeting laser reticle. my favorite way to aim. turn it on in options menu.i recommend binding this action key to your middle mouse button because it is probably the button you'll click more than any other while playing through the entire game. it needs to be comfortable and easy to find. default i think is ""f"" which is a horrible idea.the controls are pretty complicated but very satisfying once you get the hang of it (it'll take a while) .you can dodge in 4 directions, and continue to shoot while you lie on the floor and/or roll around to safety. some characters have their own knife, but everyone kicks and punches the same regardless of the weapon you're holding so just like in Mercenaries, shoot, stun, and melee to death is the way to go.overall the new controls are  pretty cool, and a great idea. i think this is a step in the right direction to evolve the series as far as controls go.  brushing up against surfaces allow you to ""lock"" into place, letting you peak around corners and shoot safely (like every other third person shooter) and the camera is pretty good about letting you do it. sometimes you'll go into a psuedo first person view because of the lack of camera space, but they executed this well.unfortunately the camera is also your enemy . devs made a bad decision to randomly force the camera to auto focus on your objective about..half the time. this can often prevent you from even attacking the nearest threat because you can't turn around and see what's going on behind you.     there's also a nasty bug (at least i hope its a bug) in Chris and Pier's campaign where the camera can't even be moved and I can't aim or shoot. only run toward whatever the camera's pointing at.production value for this game is really high quality (probably where most of the budget went).  if the dialogue wasn't so cheesy, i might actually get a little scared.unfortunately this is not a scary game, nor does it feel survival-ish.       your inventory is essentially reduced to a handful of guns and grenades, and healing.    there's nothing in this game you pick up that isn't ammunition, a grenade, or an herb and you can carry every weapon at once. the only real restriction is how much ammo you can carry (and half the time, you have too much. puzzle items fuse with your pathfinderthey stream-lined the entire inventory into a small scroll-fest that pops up during play. (there's no pausing, your inventory accessed is all real time, so be careful).     this is about the only thing that actually adds tention and fear for the better. i think this is an idea worth carrying over for the future of the series, but i want a real inventory management, and clues /items to carry around.  hard choices that have to be made.     in this game, there are none.  all super linear levels, some minor deviation for exploration (for items, but remember, its only ammo and currency you find)multiplayer community is dead (no surprise, with the massive pay wall) so don't expect to find random matches more than once in a blue moon.     so much lost potential. the multi player is quite fun and has great longevity design but since you can't find players, there's no point in recommending these good fun game modes since they require human players.the co-op functionality in this game is impressive. it's a shame though that it was pretty much designed around having 2 human players at all times, because it isn't as fun playing alone.  your a-i partner cannot die so they will be your personal medic and tank you can completely ignore without consequence.    this isn't a bad thing as you are first playing through the game, as you learn how this friggin game works, but it really shines when you can feel the cooperation with another human.aside from being able to jump in and out of any of the 4 campaigns at any time with any player, there's also a pretty cool ""Agent"" mode where you join solo or co-op games as an enemy soley with the purpose of killing those players and making them restart whatever they're trying to do.  it works well and adds some depth of fear knowing you have one or multiple humans who are always tracking you, trying to make you fail.my two massive cons which cannot be ignored, however, will really hurt your overall experience.this game is only difficult in the sense that it throws cheap instant kills and annoying quick time events at you CONSTANTLY.          I hate these things. I don't know anyone who actually likes them.  This game is full of them.  Typical action sequences where you are doing just fine and suddenly the game says  ""press r + left mouse button NOW"" or you die , and restart.The second con is a mixed bag. At least once in every campaign (and sometimes two or three times) you are immediately thrown into a fixed camera angle (like the old games) but you have to literally sprint in one direction at full speed to outrun various dangers.    if your key binds aren't comfortable and fluid, this is a major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Just about every scenario has the camera looking at what's chasing you so you can't see where you are going, you just trust the game and run ""forward"" and ""away"" from whatever's chasing you. blindly.     thankfully you can pretty much use one button (that stupid action/sprint/quick time/and everything else button) the entire time. just hold it down and be prepared for more quick time bull♥♥♥♥♥♥popping up .seriously, the quick time events are killing this series.better than operation racoon city in every regard. more interesting, and visually engaging than RE Revelations but the game play is worse.If you haven't given up on the series after RE 5 , you probably will enjoy this one too, despite the overwhelming flaws that get in the way.  2 steps forward for the series, only to stumble and fall down and ultimately end up farther back than where you began.Revelations seems to be the step in the right direction, but there are elements of this game they really should keep.  ""unlockables"" in this game are pretty sad though. costumes only for multiplayer, not campaign. no secret weapons and unlimited ammo and guns can be picked as soon as you replay any chapter, at any time. shoot hidden medals for story files to read. reveals backstory."
76561198029886094,Not Recommended,221040,17009034,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,rourou,"worst RE ever, worst than nemesis ...."
76561198094784582,Not Recommended,221040,19678501,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,rightning,Nah son
,Not Recommended,221040,17610575,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,The Semen Arsonist,"This game is a lot like piles, it's starts out as something that you don't worry about; you may even feel that you have a simple d i c k y belly. But, a lot like piles, it slowly gets worse, increasingly more painful, and in the end, you're waiting in A&E with a 10 inch hemorrhoid which is a massive pain in the a r s e."
,Not Recommended,221040,12074975,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,My Name Jess,Does not even work stupid console port I hope Capcon go die...Also I want my money back please...
76561197984503913,Not Recommended,221040,10203077,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,SKINZ,Crap...Updated 10/7/14....Still crap...Save your money...
76561197969834486,Not Recommended,221040,24766749,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Sock Muppet Willy,I am surprised people have given this game positive reviews....
,Not Recommended,221040,25034149,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Onizuka,Trash
,Recommended,221040,34324260,Posted: 18 August,all,- MoNs[T]eR :*,10/10
76561198308689485,Not Recommended,221040,25019136,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,damian.michalowski,just crap
76561198002682231,Not Recommended,221040,29508846,Posted: 26 January,all,Slash,"I must blinked ,i didnt even start leon's campaign and it was done....worst than re5 for sure....dont waste your money on this."
,Not Recommended,221040,9826052,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Zenel,"I'll post shorter version of review here, due to limitations. Review based on finishing three main Campaigns (Jake, Chris, Leon) on No Hope difficulty.This games is flawed. I'm not talking about bugs (there are), not starting properly for many players. The core mechanics of this game are flawed beyond repair.1) ControlsControls are untested and unfinished at best. One ""do it all"" button. For running, hiding behind cover, opening doors, jumping over crates. You have one button for both staying in cover AND jumping over objects. Every single cover-like chest-high-wall or crate in game works in two ways - either (!) you will jump over it when pressing button, or duck behind it. You have to run up to it and pray, that it does what you want it to do. Should you run (holding the button, obviously) past some crate you can jump over - you better not as much as look at it with your camera. Your character will safely treat it as ""Jump over!» You can even jump backwards over it, 180 degree of the direction you were supposed to run.Some cover (walls) need only for you to press ""aim"" button in order for your character to stick to them. And walls tend to be near doorways. When you're trying to walk through the doorway while doing as much as just aiming with your weapons - quite often you'll stick to the wall near door. And won't go through unless you lower your weapons.2) CutscenesLet us assume there are in-game cutscenes. So, what’s the most important element of those? They should stop the game in some way. In Resident Evil 6 enemies don't freeze. During the cutscene they may walk up to you and as soon as cutscene ends - grab you or shoot you. For example, in Chis and Pierce campaign, during Chapter 4, you encounter a jet shooting at you. It starts to shoot at you during the cutscene when you jump in front of it. Sometimes you'll get nailed right after cutscene ends. My personal statistic - 3 times bullet treatment out of 10 restarts.Sometimes camera focuses on something. In good game either it is done only when there are no enemies and/or you're safe from immediate threats. Or you see prompt ""press X to watch"" But RE6 not only fixes your camera zoomed and focused without any input from you. It does so during fight sequence more often than not. In Chris and Pierce campaign, Chapter 5, you have section where you're waiting for lab to connect under water and for connecting tunnel to depressurize. At the end game zooms in on the gate and fixes camera for 3 seconds. In the room with unlimited spawning enemies, some of which are snipers.3) WeaponsBalance is questionable. Grenade launcher can one shot many enemies and suddenly doesn't deal any damage to boss, unlike pistol. Final boss, Chris campaign takes SIX shotgun shells to kill. No hope difficulty. But grenades almost don't damage his vital spots.Headshot's effectiveness vary too much. One enemy died from first Pistol headshot, but same enemy near him took as much as 6-7.Crates give you supplies randomly. You can break 10 crates and get 10 packs of magnum bullets (I got 3 in a row once, true story). Reload, same crates give you 10 skill point drops. 95% of ammo supply you receive in the game is entirely random. Boss room? Get skill points all day long. Lots of grenades for launcher? Here, 20 more grenades. Didn't see any balancing of drops between pistol bullets and magnum/grenade launcher.Melee. You don’t want to make it horror or survival. I get it. Got it from Resident Evil 4 and 5. It doesn’t mean you need to make the single one truly dangerous enemy in the entire game instakillable by pressing button at the right time. On any difficulty. Melee system in this game is broken beyond repair, providing free kills on lone enemies and high damage counterhits on most melee enemies.4) Enemies and BossesMost melee enemies are pushovers. The only reason they exist in this game is to get cheap hits on you when you’re shooting ranged-able enemies, stuck in a cutscene or have your camera locked on very-important-door.The one and only dangerous on his own enemy in the entire game (!) is a Bloodshot. It can deal insane damage if it successfully pounces you and it takes a lot of small arms fire to put it done. This is reinforced by encountering it early on in the Leon and Helena campaign, when you don't have too much ammo and magnum. But when it tries to pounce you, you get a “counter-attack” prompt, which negates damage and allows you to instantly kill this enemy on any difficulty. Or you can shoot it with any weapon, first hit makes him fall and negates pounce attack. Also, this enemy is encountered only in Leon campaign and only in first chapters. Couldn't nerf him any further, so you cut him out for the rest of the game?Another stone in the face of melee enemies (and to a lesser degree – entire cast of NPC) – underwhelming pathfinding. Both enemies and NPC display a solid and trained ability to get stuck in protruding parts of terrain while trying to navigate from point A to point B. They can't make their way in a straight corridor without some problems, if there is something like crates lying around.Bosses… Most boss fights are repeated. 2 Lepotitsa fights in Leon campaign. Ustanak fights throughout Jake campaign. Chopper in Chris campaign. Yes, those are not the only Bosses. But they extensively reuse boss fights (Ogroman, Ubistvo), in multiple campaigns to boot. And when I finish three campaigns and think “gosh this last boss was easier than… every previous boss” three times in a row – you’re doing it wrong.5) StoryExposition. That sums it up pretty nicely. Entire game is exposition. It uses too many characters. It tries to present story in a way that someone who didn’t play previous games could understand. But it is impossible in this game. Campaigns are too short to flesh out characters. What little text files you get are unlockables for finding emblems and mostly describe world rather than your protagonists. Dialogues are scarce and badly written. This game has too little ways to provide you information about characters and make you care. Since they wanted you to know anyway, they force it down your throat by making practically all dialogues serve the purpose of exposition. I’ll give you an example. Two guys meet each other in a dangerous place. Now, they don’t discuss how to make it out alive. Dialogue goes somewhat like that “Oh, you’re the X, which is the son of Y, which I knew and killed before”. If you want to display animosity – you display it in intonations, dismissive choice of words and so on. You don’t explain it “I don’t like you, because you look like X, and I didn’t like him too, and I killed him, so… JUST BUY OUR RESIDENT EVIL 5!”. Either you assume people played previous game or don’t. Either you spend time fleshing out characters and their backstory or don’t. You can’t make too little dialogues to explain everything properly… and then try and push into them explanations nonetheless. Take your cues from Dead Space; you’re going to need them. A lot. Though I would like to say, that first you need writers that were actually born on planet Earth and raised in human society. Who can TALK. Speak English. Or Japanese. Anything, just coherently, like actual living human being would.====Verdict====I don’t recommend this game to anyone other than pioneers who want to know all that is wrong with Resident Evil franchise nowadays. I don’t recommend buying it for 30$, 10$ or getting this free. I am dead serious. The most important fact about game is that it is supposed to be good experience. Not necessarily fun, but something that isn’t a wasting of time and a chore. This game is a chore and a waste of time. Any and all good experience you can get from it, you can get from many other shooters without a bag of poor design decision and outright flaws."
,Not Recommended,221040,26246309,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mr.Carl Karlson,pros-No Ashleycons-The game's existance
,Recommended,221040,12677709,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,sloumsun,this game could use with more ppl on pc..
,Recommended,221040,12734806,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,UncleIroh,"I should buy a boati mean teai mean if you like action games, this is a good game. If you are expecting a RE game, this is not for you"
76561198010134822,Not Recommended,221040,26326209,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,donttouchmyhohos,"Don't get it unless it is on sale. The last chapter you kill the same guy who refuses to die the entire chapter, its all you do. Game is about 6 hours long"
,Not Recommended,221040,10089221,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,† Wubzei †,Litterally THE WORST Resident evil ever ♥♥♥♥ing made. I have not found one fun enjoyable part yet its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ area then ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t area then ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again.
76561198121353492,Not Recommended,221040,15749550,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Bacon_Gaming,Obedience trainging is for dogs.Games like this inspired The Stanley Parable.
,Not Recommended,221040,12272777,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Davien,worst Resident Evil game ever. Go and purchase Resident Evil 4 and 5.. they are the best.
,Not Recommended,221040,25858075,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Thom,Basically rubbish
76561198046992905,Not Recommended,221040,33430271,Posted: 10 July,all,Damna,"Resident Evil 6 steers Capcom's survival-horror series in an even more action-oriented direction - and comes up short in some places as a result. Along with the troublesome camera and the woeful partner AI, there's a lot to dislike about this third-person shooter."
76561198111467822,Not Recommended,221040,12994091,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,huntersw2,"RE6 is a hot mess. There are way to many QTE. Not that i don't enjoy a few here and there. But it is jsut done overboard here. The plot is rather dull. Due to the fact 3 seperate campigians. Leon Campign tries to stay true. To the horror and zombie part of RE6, Chris Redfield campign is a Call of Duty knockoff, and Jake's campign, does not seem to fit in."
76561198095386640,Not Recommended,221040,32245505,Posted: 7 June,all,Kaiser,"Same piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥like RE4 and RE5. Awful control, inconvenient gameplay, disgusting interface and stupidest storylines. At first story looks ok, but just after finishing 2-3 chapters you will be surprised how bad it become.Want to play a good RE game? Play 1st remastered or 2nd and 3rd from original PS.If you never played RE games before , it will disappoint you. If you did, it will disappoint you even harder."
,Recommended,221040,13135158,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,DoXspitrus,Pretty Awesome Game I Recommend It Thumbs Up Capcom!
,Not Recommended,221040,24690586,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Cannibalistic_Ginger_Tea,"horrible storyhorrible combatui suckscorny afplease, capcom, sell off this franchise"
,Not Recommended,221040,23922246,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,funeral arrangements,no
,Not Recommended,221040,20111026,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,13 yrs old and my name is Chris,"After the beginning loading screen it says press ""any key"" and i cant find the any key on my keyboard. DOES ANYONE ELSE HAVE THE ANY KEY ON THEIR KEYBOARD"
,Not Recommended,221040,10456248,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,beemo,"I could only stomach the first hour of gameplay, and I would say at least 40% of that was cutscenes, slow walking or QTEs. ♥♥♥♥ing woeful."
76561197972085290,Not Recommended,221040,13882786,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,SemperFiMac,"Horrible, terrible, annoying, not a game, not anything.  I'm 30 minutes into the game and still dont know if Im actually playing the game or still part of some weird cut scene with quick time events.  Hey developers.  Give me the premise and get me into the game.  I cant run, I cant shoot, I cant walk, I cant anything excpet when the game lets you.  When you go forward you run, if I dont want to run tough sht.  The whole game is an utter mess.  Its like a very very, bad interactive CGI cartoon...it's NOT a game and only the most vacuous and empti-headed dolt would remotely view this as any sort of successor to the great Resident Evil game of before."
76561197972279076,Not Recommended,221040,12939957,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,krusty,"I love Resident Evil, but this game is everything Resident Evil (And even RE4) isnt. So please dont be fooled, your money has better value elsewhere.A true letdown."
76561198042236546,Not Recommended,221040,12719054,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,MichaelMeow,Waste of money in my opinion. Just plain boring.
76561198003306491,Not Recommended,221040,15203474,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Lady Death of Murder Mountain,"VIRTUALLY UNPLAYABLE, WARNING!First of all, the controls. I cannot believe it's real.  Like seriously, I'm not kidding. I've never seen anything worse in my entire life. It's worse than Batman Forever on the SNES, at least there you knew what buttons did what. In this game? No tutorials, no nothing. The options don't help either. Some things aren't rebindable, such as the camera side swapping. That's capslock. WHY? I don't know, and it also resets every time you go through a ""V"" door. How to take cover? Walk up to something, hold right mouse, hold space, and there you go. BUT DON'T LET GO! Or else you will stop taking cover. Good luck peeking too, since you'll end up moving. I can barely fight regular enemies. I can't imagine what boss fights would be like. I don't even know if there's an inventory, this game is so ♥♥♥♥ed up. WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ HAPPENED?"
,Not Recommended,221040,29494743,Posted: 25 January,all,goat,how the ♥♥♥♥ does this have positive reviewswhat happened to the world?
,Not Recommended,221040,12883920,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,xMongolian,Yeah this was boring.
76561198020811922,Not Recommended,221040,23566499,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,nice gamer boy,More QTE + bullet hell than resident evil.
,Recommended,221040,18782964,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Frendle,"Me and a friend bought this at the same time so that we could play the game through in co-op.  We have played the whole thing and we spent almost the entire time yelling at each other and being upset, both with each other and the game.  He made me play the girl in every campaign.   He is an idiot and I hate him.  The game is okay.I can list 2 things that are my major dislikes about this game:1.  TOO.  MANY.  QUICK TIME EVENTS.  Stop it.  One of the campaigns literally just ends with like ten minutes of quick time events.  No really, stop it.  Press X to stop it.2. Some really stupid monster designs.  Centaur panther thing was the worst.  Also, why does every monster in this game also have to be an animal?  Like... can't you just be a mutant guy?  Why do you also have to be a spider.  Why does getting injected with a mutant virus make you turn into a tyrannosaurus rex?  Can't you just be some sort of horribly mutated tentacle monster with a bunch of eyes?  Why am I fighting a giant fly?  I'm glad that whatever character designer did that was not allowed to work on any other resident evil games.  ( Note: The only things that were not thusly affected were good old fashioned zombies - they were just zombies )Other than those 2 things though this is actually a really fun action/horror game."
,Not Recommended,221040,10456840,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Razgriz,This game peaks around the  first or second mission of Chris's campagin. Then it just spirals down into a never ending♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I hate this game and playing through it to completion was one of the biggest challenges I have ever faced in a video game.
76561198040770306,Not Recommended,221040,12781671,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Lynx,Does Capcom want to make a CoD version of Biohazard or Biohazard version of CoD? Or mix up some elements from Left for Dead and CoD zombie mode?
76561198152123031,Not Recommended,221040,26298999,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KillerBadg213,"This game ruined the resident evil franchise for me. The dialogue is terrible, Script feels like is was written by a 3 year old and the gameplay is more of walk, watch , wait, kill, repeat. If you have money you love to waste and feel like ruining resident evil for yourself it's a great buy but otherwise to even waste your time watching the trailers."
,Not Recommended,221040,23569260,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,wartorn,"Six quid for a qte simulator with no menu to leave the game, unless i missed something."
,Not Recommended,221040,23836980,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ROFLCOPTER,"Bought it to play the L4D2 DLC, played for about an hour then refunded it. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,221040,23596216,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,So[A]lone,Game si♥♥♥♥♥
76561198064886574,Not Recommended,221040,22308068,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Toadkiller Dog,Terrible game compared to Resident evil 4. The first 45 mins of the game restricts you to slow walking from point a to b. Game starts off so miserably slow it almost isn't even worth playing through. Also the gameplay is really unintuitive. They tried to add this feature of rolling around and shooting from the ground and it is just ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. 3/10
,Not Recommended,221040,23922255,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pointless,Don't.
,Not Recommended,221040,33198516,Posted: 3 July,all,1337 0verride,♥♥♥♥
76561197995577440,Not Recommended,221040,1627884,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Cat Daddy,Dont touch this crap unless its on sale for £5 because anything else is asking to much.The game itself is TERRIBLE. Instead of the horror that was RE its now an annoying QTE over and over and OVER AND OVERLeons story is the ONLY one that feels like resident evilJack/sherry is just RUN QTE RUN QTE RUN QTEchris and mr nobody just feels like a low quality RE5 but not as good - like a dumbed down versionAdas story is over to quickly and the ending is just utter crap and makes no actual senseRE6 just makes you feel that after RE5 the developers had no idea which way to take the series.Only thing good about this game is NO MERCY mercinaries mode - and thats kinda itThe DLC is laughable
76561198000024622,Not Recommended,221040,23570455,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Syine,"What a peice of crap.Looks and feels like a wii game.No, seriously, it really does.Avoid."
,Not Recommended,221040,14654193,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Ð乇ｷ乇ζЦ乇Ð,"Bullet = Kinetic energy of 1806.172 joules. Pro boxer can deliver over 400 joules. This game wants me to believe 6 bullets can't knockdown a zombie. But a few punches can?Save points are far in between, so if your on and off good luck repeating the same boring part over and over again. QTE truly are one of the worse productions of gaming environment. Cheap and useless."
,Not Recommended,221040,34340265,Posted: 18 August,all,Zulbis,Best Call of Duty game. Would buy 10/10.
,Not Recommended,221040,30093476,Posted: 21 February,all,Nelict,I'm not recommending it because i don't want my friends to have as much fun as i do while playing this game. #420Blazeit
76561198006160815,Not Recommended,221040,23602713,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,dampadam,Not worth of your master race money- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ contrast settings- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC settings- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ QTE- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game overall
76561198021538233,Not Recommended,221040,24037980,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,69 69 69ing the 69er,hahahaha....................♥♥♥♥...
,Not Recommended,221040,29574957,Posted: 29 January,all,-=Zombine3D=-,Terrible.Get 7.
,Not Recommended,221040,33118021,Posted: 1 July,all,NAVIDOG | $TEAMGIFTS.ir,SUPER BORING!!!. GRAPHICS = POOP.
,Not Recommended,221040,30697701,Posted: 23 March,all,Andrew,"This game unbelievable it broke everything on my computer i had a horrific the 49 minutes i had on this game was struggling to shoot a stupid ♥♥♥♥ing zombie i had cars flying at me and i wasnt able to react cuz the game is so broken! so pathetic! remove this♥♥♥♥♥♥from the store thanks! As i also belive i should recieve additional money for so much trouble, thanks i guess"
,Recommended,221040,23549854,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ucantseeit2,"This game is gay, Chris redfield is a♥♥♥♥♥ Leon looks like a five year old, and that bald guy who looks like wesker is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. he takes drugs and he chews on an appple, is he stupid or dumb. This game is so bad Don't even waste your money to play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, If i had a million dollars for eerytime someone said this game was♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would have pentillion dollars, because this movie is very gay.0/1999999, DO not play this game, Also Call of Duty Ghosts is a ♥♥♥♥ing trash game and it should never deserve to be called a game because it is so bad, it gave me autism of how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was."
,Recommended,221040,20469900,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Beatrice,Love this game! Motions are good!
76561198105095345,Recommended,221040,30419627,Posted: 9 March,all,kristatwen,I know a lot of people hate this game but I love it!
,Recommended,221040,30416980,Posted: 9 March,all,[ARTJ] Dirty Vegas,Very fun action game to play with friends. It's not a survival horror like the original three but those games were boring anyways.P.S Do not play this with a friend who has no idea what Resident Evil is or how to play it. Same goes for 5.
,Recommended,221040,873138,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,EF,"I played the CRAP out this game on my buddies PS3. I didn't care much for the story, but as I'm replaying it on PC, I'm actually starting to admire what they did- things like having the 3/4 campaigns intersecting.Yeah, it's waaaay more ""actiony/micheal bay-esq"" than RE5/previous RE games, but I still enjoy it.Plus, Mercenaries/No Mercy Merc's/Onslaught/Agent Hunt/etc is where the REAL fun in this game is.ALSO- IF YOU OWN THIS GAME, REGISTER ONresidentevil.netTO GET BONUS MP COSTUMES AND JOINRE.NET'SEVENTS THEY HAVE RUNNING, MAKES GAME MORE FUN!!!!!!!My score- 9/10"
76561197972918384,Recommended,221040,609168,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Demon Horde,"If you loved RE 5 your head will explode with RE6 here's why.The good1. Same action feel as RE52. Much bigger than RE5 (3 main campaigns each with 2 characters and 1 extra campaign with one character for a total of 4 different campaigns).3. improved multiplayer with added L4D2 Characters!!!!4. you can shoot and move now ! (ok i don't really mind the Stop N shoot play of RE5 myself but I had many friends complain about it on RE5).5. there are zombies !The bad.1. The story is a mess its big, but size doesn't always matter this is the most confusing RE story to date. its over the top.2. the interface change is a huge negative , gone is the in game store and upgrade system of RE 4 and 5.3. There are not enough zombies! only campaign that sticks to zombies all the way through is Leon's story.It's a solid game I'd give it an 85% out of 100. not quite as good as RE5 overall , as it breaks some things i loved about RE5 (the store and gun upgrades) but it some what makes up for it with the sheer ammount of game play time. this is no 2-4 hour run. There is plenty of game here for the money."
,Recommended,221040,278610,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Xelm,"I like, Fun to play Co-op with friends. Some minor camera issues sometimes, But fun melee combat. Lots of diffrent attacks/ways to kill the enemy. Nice NPC teamwork, Cutscenes, Ect. 8.5/10 Stars imo."
,Recommended,221040,4312041,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,SORROW,"Great game. One more time, Capcom change the game to be more action. Beside that that could hurt some fans of old Resident Evil, the gameplay is awesome, and it's better when played with a friend. It has much to do, The game has 4 campaigns, each one with at least 5 or 6 hours. After that, there are a plenty of game modes to play with friends and there are events running on their site, what make the game much more alive.The graphics are good, but nothing special on my opinion, after seeing games like crysis 3.The sound and ambience are lovely.And to conclude, the game has more than 4 hours of cutscenes, all well done.Recommended."
,Recommended,221040,1605231,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"Sure this isn't Resident Evil anymore, however as much as i dislike some of the changes this franchise had, i still enjoy it a lot and i think this is a big improvement over Resident Evil 5.Having played the console version before, i can easily assume that the PC version is easily the best looking version and its perfectly ported. There are things that could have been improved, but still.The storyline is quite good and i like how you play it with 4 different characters from different points of views. The MP is fun guaranteed, a lot of gamemodes but Mercenaries is addictive. Also the game has Split-Screen in coop and the other game modes to play with your friends. I gotta say i'm an old school Resident Evil fan, but i liked this game so far, regardless of how much it has changed.Its hard to put a score in this game because it has been a love-hate relationship with this IP since RE4.RE6 is a very solid game with a lot of replay value and an interesting story. I would totally recommend this.Kudos to Capcom for getting rid of GFWL.Score: 8.50/10 (I'll probably regret this)"
,Recommended,221040,2643928,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,ZeTzUbOu,"Sexual Tension 6: Arcade Edition, RE6 made me realize that i forgot long ago why i liked the series, this time they drop the tank control for a more conventional TPS feel, which is good since it didn't make sense after RE3.DLC sucks, campaign and mercenaries is all you need, Lucha Libre the♥♥♥♥♥of every Zombie, Sherry is cute, Bieber becomes Megaman and then dies like his franchise, the plot is about a Coronel Sanders wannabe getting blue balled by ada, then cloning her but forgetting to wipe the personality of the clone making him blue balled again, then when he is going to pop that sherry get's♥♥♥♥♥♥blocked and killed by leon, ada and some ♥♥♥♥♥, truly a sad life, also dying impaled is an allegory for Homosexuality. 10/6 Best in the Franchise."
,Recommended,221040,19027752,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,fix24311,"I don't understand why people hated this. It plays just like Resident Evil 5 which people upvoted on. This is an action platform at best, not scary like they used to be, but a jump scare here and there is enough. I am intrigued and attached to the story and enjoyed playing this very much. I love how they made they campaign connected with online play, i.e: people from different campaign can meet up and join online during the interconnected story segment.Cons:- Surrounding skin texture too low-res for a next-gen game. Should amp it with more details- Campaign is too short for Resident Evil title- Dominant camera keep reverting to default. I want a right hand side camera, it should stay that way when I set it. I hate how the camera kept reverting after certain cut-scene, sometime this happens during heavy fights, and I shouldn't have to worry about correcting my camera again- No shortcut button for switching different weapon options: This should be the main control button though out, instead of the evading shortcut. You can evade easily with existing controls, but how to switch weapon options on shortcut? Made you lose precious life"
76561198059201834,Recommended,221040,18980717,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Afro Priest,Resident Evil 6 is not the Resident Evil many fell in love with on Playstation. It is not even the game that Resident Evil 4 rebranded the series as. Does that make this a bad game though? The answer is no. Resident Evil 6 tells a complex story spanning across four campaigns. Will you feel like you are missing parts of the story on your first campaign? The answer is yes. You will be missing pieces. This is were the story shines. As you play the campaigns more and more of the story is uncovered. Playing all four campaigns to get the story makes playing them all worth it. Along with the feeling of accomplishment on gets from is unmeasurable. In all this is a good game. It has its problems. Sometimes the game refuses to give you ammunition even though its mentality is to shoot everything. Lining up to crush an opponents skull is somewhat difficult. Overall though I believe one can look past the flaws and see the fun over the top ridiculous shooter underneath.
,Recommended,221040,18978612,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,N I 9 9 A,VERY NICE GAME 10/10
,Recommended,221040,19021999,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Special,"Here's the deal with Resident Evil 6. It is the worst campaign in the series. Bizarrely bad writing even for Resident Evil, bad campaign design decisions, tons of poor scripted sequences, janky vehicle segments every half hour, not much in the way of actual gameplay. Very ""cinematic"", but the cinematics are bad, and it's very clear that several different teams worked independently on the different campaigns.However, the game engine itself is quite possibly the best third person action game ever made. When given room to breathe in mercenaries mode, it reveals its true potential for adrenaline-pumping John Woo gunplay and rad wrestling moves against insane monster designs, with beautiful graphics and performance. Resident Evil 6 is an incredible game, and it's a shame that its name has been dragged through the mud by virtue of being Resident Evil 6, because that means that Capcom will probably abandon that line of gameplay in the future and try to stick closer to boring, cludgy survival horror mechanics.Resident Evil 6 is worth it for mercenaries mode alone. You don't even need to play the campaign, it comes unlocked from the start on PC.See, See.Resident Evil 6 PC - No Mercy Solo - Urban Chaos - 2108k - Helena1https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgejllbaYzUUpdate on Resident Evil 6: I just popped in to play a round and had a group of high-value enemies chasing me, so I tossed a grenade, but it hit the chest of a firefighter zombie and landed at my feet instead. I did a backwards swan dive away from it to avoid the explosion, and when it detonated, it caused a chain reaction with the oxygen tank on the fireman's back, pulling the monsters behind him into the blast. For this, I unlocked a pirate costume for Leon."
76561198070967169,Recommended,221040,18921614,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,lac61087,"Take away the Resident Evil name and you are presented with an ok Action/Shooter but if you are looking for that old Resident Evil experinace sadly you are going to be let down a third time. Resident Evil 6 is another Resident Evil game that has lost it's identity, the game is not scary at all, it's an FPS action game and the enemies represent that, the gunplay is solid granted but the human characters have gone from interesting people with interesting back stories to Michael Bay's best stars, Resident Evil 6 is a fun game, the storyline is nothing special but it works, suprisingly i enjoyed switching between characters but sadly again it's only Resident Evil in name, It's a solid but generic first person shooter with Resident Evil characters as cameos even the monsters have been dumbed down, and the humour has completely vanished, NO JILL SAMICH!.So yeah the game works so i can't give the game a thumb down, but Resident Evil 6 is not a Resident Evil game, just like the previous two, good games but not Resident Evil good. I would wait until the Resident Evil Zero and Resident Evil 2 remasters drop to be honest, i don't think hardcore RESI fans will fully enjoy Resident Evil 6 but casual FPS players will find this game an enjoable romp.7/10"
76561198232084180,Recommended,221040,18915495,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Evil_TheWrath,"Great game , great graphics, epic story."
,Recommended,221040,18984210,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,The Immortal Investigator,"Yes, I recommend this game because of the qualilty of the graphics, in game effects, and the expansive size of the in game story! I give Resident Evil 6/biohazard 6 ----- 5 stars!"
,Recommended,221040,18984282,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,TaoTao,"Hi, I'm the one of resident evil player. I just have a chance to play Resident Evil 6 since, I haven't play game so long time.Resident Evil in every series never make me feel wrong."
,Recommended,221040,18970882,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,teteus,Jogo♥♥♥♥♥♥pra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tois
76561197997452363,Recommended,221040,1752571,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Losstarot,"Шестая часть серии ""Resident Evil"" про зомби.Новые компании, герои, оружие, система боя, управление, интерфейс и многое другое."
,Recommended,221040,19071450,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,สเหริมไฉยยย,the best!!
76561198052511821,Recommended,221040,5593574,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,dimanator,конечно!
,Recommended,221040,19363774,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,epique wenqa,"The only thing I dislike about this game is1. no FOV settings2. Can't pause the game3. You can't voice chat nor type chat when you're playing coop which is extremlyyy inconvinient when you want to tell them what to do.Everything else besides those list, this game is really good and would recommend any zombie, RE, or generally everyone who likes quality game, to get this."
76561198022031299,Recommended,221040,19320895,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,crazycolonel1,"Excellent game, fun with co-op."
76561198071486434,Recommended,221040,19351821,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Windows 10,"I don't see why people would dislike this game, interesting story, and a great experience. The graphcs are kinda weird though, but it was a great game."
76561198015538840,Recommended,221040,19357853,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,sgtCooper,"There are so many haters of this game. I can understand them because you can fight back against zombies by Kung fu or Karate which is no more RE, a survival horror. I also thought so. But apart from this point, I realized that RE6 is simply fun and even has a well-optimized PC port. That's why I played for so many hours already. There are so many survival horror games today. So, you can just go play them if you are looking for a suvival horror. Instead of the traditional RE, you can just enjoy RE6 as a new action game which makes you feel badass. RE6 prpbabaly has a longest campaign mode ever. There are four stories. Each of them takes 6-8 hours. In total, more than 24 hours you can spend to beat. All stories are linked with eath other. There is an online COOP mod as well. There are still many players to play together. You can choose the dificulty. You can play as a moster to hunt other players. I am sure you won't be disappointed by this game even today."
,Recommended,221040,19360070,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,jake,dope♥♥♥♥♥
76561198092076815,Recommended,221040,18894559,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MaDoc,"Everything fine and well with the game,with a lot content, you will enjoy it. But keep in mind you pay for a RE game and you get a COD game."
,Recommended,221040,19356655,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,⚡ Sex,Not only is this a fun singleplayer with mind twisting puzzles and scary zombies this is also a really fun and hilarious game to play with your friends. Thumbs up Capcom!
,Recommended,221040,19407481,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Skar Of War,"RE 6 is one hell of a ride through the RE series , each campaing gives you one unique point of view and nostalgic feeling  if you´ve already played the other games, if not this is going to be very fun as well but leas terrifing.I have played already on XBOX and PS3 now on steam i still love itPros:+nice controls+Incredible better history than 5+old friends and new ones that youre gonna love+tons but really tons of collectibles and other modes+nice graphics+new very creative enemies+intelligent match making and memorable moments!Cons -- Less horror/more hollywood intended focus- You have to pay for the extra modes instead of unlockable die hard effort worth crying old times modes. (Why CAPCOM WHY!!!???)Skartality : 9/10"
,Recommended,221040,9222433,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Filin,BORING BORING BORING AWESOME BORING BORING BORING AWESOME BORING BORING BORING AWESOME
76561198111159169,Recommended,221040,9670597,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,hermyjw13,If you like zombies and shooting things as well as difficult and creatives Bosses then this is the game for you
76561197984339920,Recommended,221040,1011548,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,W@s@h !!!,une bonne duree de vie cet episode
,Recommended,221040,9838852,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Ryzen_Core,"This Resident Evil 6 game was ok, but CAPCOM !!!!_____PLEASE !!!!!! - - - -*Some of us, Well (ME as a Resident Evil Fan or lots of other Fan'(s) extremely wish (DEFINITALLY ME) for us Resident Evil Fans, WOULD LOVE/OR/WANT,.... to see a Remake of !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, AND DONE CORRECTLY LIKE THE NGC RE1 REMAKE...TO, THESE GAME REMAKES BELOW!!!! IF I COULD DO PROGRAMMING/ETC. ID DO IT MYSELF!I WOULD DEFINITALLY PAY, BETWEEN $49.99 for (SINGLE GAME REMAKE of Resident Evil 2) My most anticipaited Re2make,THROUGH $79.99  FOR A REMAKE WITH THE FIRST 3-4 RESIDENT EVIL GAME'(s) BUILT TOGETHER AS ONE FULL GAME, WITH THE ABILITY to Run Resident Evil 0,1 - Resident Evil 2,3 as one Game with a REAL...Classic Horror Mode -CLASSIC Survival Horror Game MODE-, Resident Evil Style Gameplay as from the RE1 Remake on gamecube...and....Next Gen - Action Horror Mode, -Next Gen - Action Horror Game Mode-,  Resident Evil Style Gameplay as from........... Resident Evil 4, 5, And 6... so......On start of game ON Windows PC u get the -MODE SELECT- ...*Please Select Game Mode Style:-#1:)-CLASSIC Survival Horror (Resident Evil2) MODE, aka, a Stationary Camera Mode (PSX RE2) but with....720p-1080p HD Graphics, to S-HD 4K, with Direct X - OR - AMD Mantle cababilities and 1080p-4K S-HD textures.-_OR_--#2:)-Next Gen - Action Horror Game Mode (Resident Evil 4,5,6) MODE- aka Resident Evil 4-5-6 Style, Over shoulder Camera Mode (PC,PS3,X360, Resident Evil 4 Ultimate HD Ed, Re5, Re6)--OR--(PC,PS4,XOne) (Resident Evil 7) (TBA By Capcom hopefully soon!)*Top Priority Remakes:*    (All On PC, Xbox 360/XOne - PS3/PS4 ETC).- Resident Evil 2- Resident Evil 3 : Nemesis (Resident Evil 2 & Resident Evil 3 Put Together In One Whole game bult together)- Dino Crisis 1, -&- Dino Crisis 2- Nintendo GameCube Resident Evil 0 & Resident Evil Remake(REMAKES ALL DONE ON Windows 7, Windows 8, 8.1)"
76561198030950404,Recommended,221040,7525757,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,ming3and,"Really amazing game!!! Fun to play, simple and entertainment.Really good if you like resident evil universe."
,Recommended,221040,7113998,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,lrindom,生化系列的神作！联机很有趣←_←
,Recommended,221040,4595861,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,O.K.™,"Одна из лучших серий, рекомендую!!!"
76561198002596288,Recommended,221040,2123964,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,K9K | Furianer,"Da dies der sechste Teil ist , ist er schon lange nicht mehr wie die ersten Gruselteile aber die Story die das Spiel von Teil 1 an verfolgt wird weiterhin gut fortgesetzt.Du spielst 4 verschiedene Teams mit 4 verschieden Kampagnen deren Schicksale sich Story mässig überschneiden.Kaum geistig fordernde Rätsel aber wie immer ein tolles Resi gefühl.Entäuschend das die Grafik den heutigen pc standards nicht angepasst wurde.Viele Spielmodis ...toller schwierigkeitsgrad. teils fiese Gegner^^"
76561198022779092,Recommended,221040,3440846,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,devilogical,Totaly awesome!
,Recommended,221040,3573794,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Hudson,"+ Quite longish campaigns.+ Highly into Co-op+ Great game-modes after completing all campaigns.+ They tried to bring in some variety with enemies and such.+ Created a melee system.+ ""Return"" of Leon, Ada and Sherry+ QTEs in this one are preddy gud+ Interesting ""boss fights""- silly perk system- removed campaign costumes, no point in collecting the emblems- cant upgrade weapons like in RE5 instead you have to upgrade perks- forcing the player to play with the weapons given to him, no individuality- turning Chris Redfield into an emo clown with roid rage- incredible horrible fixed camera angles in a few parts of the game- characters seem to never been hold of a weapon without the perks- uninteresting and boring secondary characters- removed fan service, because the great gals of capcom are scared of their characters being sexualized- weird smartphone menu- Unlock perks by killing ""100 Ugabugas with Weapon XXX""- Stupid achievements- no urge to replay any of the campaigns."
,Recommended,221040,6904019,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Oh my gosh,Through my first time of playing Resident Evil 6 it was fun and more fast paced than past RE games. If I have ANY complaints about this game it would have to be the massive amount of QTEs (Quick Time Events) that I wasn't ready for. I did expect there to be some but it seemed very crazy on how many there were. Also the camera isn't nice at some parts... just a warning. I would recommend this and give it about an 8 out of 10.
76561198028772087,Recommended,221040,3900235,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Psycholover,THATS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,221040,4644258,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Michiva,аты баты трололи письки кровь кишки мозги
76561197984615881,Recommended,221040,1021766,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,hawkulous,Mercenaries and  Mercenaries no Mercy alone is worth the price of admission .Best Resident Evil so far !
,Recommended,221040,4107436,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,KillJoy,♥♥♥♥ Yeah!!
,Recommended,221040,3278208,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,tamaarin,"This game got really bad press, and a lot of gamers decided to skip it because of bad reviews and negative reactions on gaming forums. Personally, I am not hardcore fan of RE series. I played only RE: Remake, RE4 on Nintendo GameCube and RE5 on PC. I really enjoyed RE4, 5 was ok but controls were clunky, and gameplay was kind of slow, so i was on the fence about buying RE6. However i bought it...and i can`t say that i am impressed but i am not underwhelmed either.I think that It is a solid game, graphics are ok, controls are way better than RE5, you finally shooting zombies...i`m enjoying it so far."
76561198054870999,Recommended,221040,10690045,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,LazerB34R,"The co-op for this game is easily the best part, its like playing through a B-movie together"
,Recommended,221040,10898559,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Venom :Ð,"Fun game to co-op, Not Worthy of the Resident Evil name.But hey; Atleast there is no bouler punching."
,Recommended,221040,10923026,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RocKs7aR,"For many the Resident Evil franchise has seen less and less horror over the last few installments. While some see this as a downfall of a franchise, others like myself see it as an evolution of a franchise.The Resident Evil series started as a top down horror game. This is where it got its rise to fame. Later down the line, after 3 direct installments and some spin offs, we got the fourth direct installment to the series that changed everything you knew about a Resident Evil games and is now one of the most critically aclaimed games of all time. Resident Evil 4 gave you that 3 person perspective while still keeping the horror aspect. Fast forward to present day and IMO Resident Evil 6 stands as one of the best in the series. While alot of the horror has been taken out, there is still enough to let you know you are playing an RE game. The story can take full credit for the trasformation of the gameplay. You are no longer a lone survivor looking for answers and a way out. You are at war. Bioterrorist seek to take control of all that you know and it is your job to stop this before the entire world becomes what Raccoon City was. You get to play from 4 different perspectives. You get to play as heros from past struggles in the RE series as well as a couple of new comers. After playing through 1 perspective you may seem confused but by the time you have played them all, all loose ends are tied and it feels like one wild ride.While i may be praiseing the game for almost everything there are still a few set backs. For one, a cover system was poorly implemented into the game. Also some boss fighs seem a little too easy. Other than that the game is a welcome installment into the Resident Evil franchise.+ Great story+ Returning cast+ New cast+ Third person mechanics- Poor cover system- Easy boss fights8/10 COG TAGS!!!!"
76561198059218822,Recommended,221040,11051595,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JaegerBombastic,"This is not the resident evil you remember.Its pretty much just your standard action game, I will say that I did enjoy the game quite a bit. The shooting is fun your characters are fast and agile and also acrobatic, which is a complete departure from the limited movement you got from older titles. The game really cranked up the action and explosions, and what is probably my biggest gripe with this game, they added waaaaaaay to many QTEs, seriously can't a guy just watch a cutscene anymore? Did I mention this game has action? Seriously its like Michael Bay produced this game so many explosions literally everything explodes in this game, helicopters, boats, cars, people, zombies, everything. Its really tough to recommend this game, but I will do so anyways since I did have fun."
,Recommended,221040,2053362,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Chi||969,"As divisive as it may be for ""fans"" of the franchise i must say that i had a blast with this game.Re6 is a game that has its quirks; abrupt camera angle switches, an abundance of QTEs, dated visuals and overly ambitious yet lukewarm set pieces.Underneath those flaws however lies a combat system so unique and well made that i'd go as far to say that it's without a doubt one of the best ones i've had the pleasure to play this gen.If i were to keep 3-4 TPS combat systems from this gen then RE6 would definitely be included alongside the likes of Vanquish, Max Payne 3 and maybe Space Marine with its intense mix of ranged and melee.RE6's combat is based upon awareness, precision and evasion. Each encounter requires you to know your enemy's weakpoints, be aware of your environments and use them for massive damage and finally evade and properly time your strike to deliver a counter attack.Enemy weak point knowledge is a must as nearly all enemies can be downed with a few well placed shots. Failure in focusing on said weakpoints will find you spending mag after mag in an attempt to kill an adversary.While chest-high cover is in the game its only purpose is to regain stamina as the game forces you to go toe to toe with enemies finishing them off with melee and exploiting invincibility frames.Range of movement is also incredible with 4 way roll/evade, slides, 180 degree spins on the floor, quick recovery from attacks, quick attacks that stun enemies and consume stamina points,etc.Inventory management is also the best the franchise has seen so far, allowing you to mix, match and discard items on the fly and the tablet system makes healing a breeze.Another thing to applaud is the enemy mutation system with foes reacting on each and every hit differently, forcing you to constantly adapt to their forms and attack patterns.In place of gun upgrades there is a perk system this time arround that lets you customize and fine tune your play style; you can focus on ranged and/or melee, opt for more in-game drops or equip perks that boost your healing capabilities and that of your allies.The game's story is a 20+ hr long roller coaster ride through a wide gamut of emotions and the story itself can be described as a mix between Lethal Weapon, 28 days later and Maniac Cop (?!) with the everpresent (and personally always welcome) RE6 cheesiness.There's a bit of Demon's/ Dark Souls flavor in the campaign as there are options to invade ones game as a creature and at certain points in the plot where paths entwine between characters, two pairs of players can join forces.Mercs mode makes a welcome return alongside its frantic PC only variant: No Mercy with guest cameos from L4D characters and foes. If you also opt for the season pass there are 5 more modes each with its unique play style.The PC version while not looking spectacular, is still way better than the console variants with many options in the menu and no frame cap for the 120+ Hz crowd.Due to the game's idiosyncrasies i'd suggest to 1st play (classic) mercs on the very first stage (Urban Chaos), fine tune the controls and FoV to your liking (choosing laser sight aiming is STRONGLY recommended) and then proceed to familiarize yourself with the combat system until you can get at least an A grade consistently. Then go into options and turn QTE assist on. While most QTEs are not hard by any means there are a couple of them that are rage-inducing so it's better to save yourself from the mental breakdown alltogether.Finally the game criminally forces you to go through the prologue when you fire it up for the first time, prohibiting you from even changing some gameplay options. My advice? Stick with it! It's not indicative of the in-game experience by any means and all it manages to do is to outline the game's flaws. Why did they choose to give such a bad first impression? I'd guess to set a cinematic ""feel"" but it fails miserably imo.Highly recommended for TPS aficionados and action enthousiasts in general with an appetite for something exotic and distinct."
76561198019975866,Recommended,221040,3275203,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Trevs987,"The game has it's faults and pretty much is evidence that the series needs a reboot, but for a good price it isn't a bad buy and can hold you up for a bit as well."
,Recommended,221040,3612152,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Pidgin can't right click,"DO NOT GET THIS GAME UNLESS YOU HAVE A FRIEND FOR COOPERATIVE PLAYSolo play is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥with an AI that wouldn't be able to even survive if not given infinite health.Oh what's that, player?  You want to advance to the next area before running out of air?  Nah, I'll just hang a lightyear behind you like the good AI that I am.  Enjoy dying because the door to the next area can't be opened without two characters touching it.When you actually have a friend to play with, things become much better.  Some puzzles split players apart but still require communication and cooperation becuase Player 1 will find the answer to Player 2's dilema, and vice versa.This is definitely a console port, lacking in high resolution textures and frustrating menu control for keyboard+mouse.  Still, having split screen which was missing from Resident Evil 5 and Revelations is a plus.7/10 Co-Op2/10 Solo"
,Recommended,221040,4357531,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,KaZoMa (Youmacon),"As resident evil veteran. Almost own all of the games. Due to resident evil 6 not true to its survival horror roots. I actually quite enjoy Re6. True its not the best resident evil game out there. But it quite amazing alone.The game is amazing, if not better then the console version. There more freedom as a player with others with pc. Not only that, mods will come soon. Soon, millons of weskers will run from the sky. Though, at the current state. It quite buggy for people. But with a little patch. It should be near to perfect. I mean, capcom did fixRe.netin only a day.So go play it. and please play muitplayer. Its quite fun with friends and others."
,Recommended,221040,1918133,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,Dankk,"Fun game. Nothing amazing, but fun. Don't play it expecting a traditional RE game; rather, expect lots of action. Because that's what it is: an action game. Specifically, an action game with lots of disgusting monsters that you can shoot in the face. The setting is also interesting (China and Eastern Europe). Very linear and scripted, with lots of setpieces. Silly melee combat is the cherry on top."
,Recommended,221040,1603845,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,I'm already under attack,"Didn't deserve the hate, solid 7.5/10"
,Recommended,221040,720956,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,METAL-SLUG,It's playable but it's the worst of the main games in the series.
,Recommended,221040,1163438,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,「蛍火」 Keika,"A gigantic cluster♥♥♥♥ of a game. The ""episodic"" narration makes no sense and some parts are really uninterresting (I'm looking at you Chris and your escape sequences), the cool weapon upgrade from 4 and 5 is replaced with a boring skill system... But some parts are trying really hard to make up for it. Not as fun as 5 in co-op, but still okay if you've got a friend to play it with. Overall a decent game, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,221040,2213159,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Grund,"Since Resident Evil 4 came out resident evil lost it's ways of horror survival, was more an action game than anything else.Resident Evil 6 comes back with zombies and not just with some strange mutations, right now It's more fun kicking some zombie♥♥♥♥♥and actually look for that long lost horror survival.Some people say that the camera this, action that. Don't go on what people say. IT'S RESIDENT EVIL again!The Mercenaries is reason enought to buy this﻿ game, it's so good! Scratch that, the theme from the Mercenaries mode is enought reason to buy the game!(WAIT THERE'S MORE! NO MERCY AND L4D STUFF!)And to be honest for the first time the PC version is the same quality and even better than the console versions."
76561198080725573,Recommended,221040,29269209,Posted: 15 January,all,im too easy,"> starts multiplayer> thinks ""can't wait to play with someone!""> guy connects> me: ""HEY""> guy pulls out assault rifle with grenade launcher> proceeds to shoot the ground killing me> mission fails so restart> repeat process.10/10 survival of the fittest."
,Recommended,221040,29470285,Posted: 24 January,all,boat,waha i love it
,Recommended,221040,23971468,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,RobertCopper,good
,Recommended,221040,29572544,Posted: 29 January,all,Shrapnel Effect,"I love all the resident evil games that i have played, When I was younger I played rez 1 and a little bit of rez 0,(yet to get the remaster of Resident evil 0)So Resident Evil, 1, 4, 5, 6, Revelations 1 and 2,yes most of them are action based instead of puzzle horror and story.  The most hardcore of Rez gamers tend not to like resident evil 6, but for me its a great game.You have:Co Op story,Good Story,Great Chracters,Fun fights with differnts kinds of mutants/zombiesMy negatives are that the horror is next to none, puzzles are next to none.I think the best way to describe this for somone on the edge of buying it is:Its a Meh Resident evil game in terms of the origional games, Its a great Co-Op Action game with a good story."
76561198126170001,Recommended,221040,29465327,Posted: 24 January,all,Steadfast,"As many of you know, the Resident Evil series started to shift from survival horror to action from the fourth game onward. While this was not a welcome change to many players, I personally didn't mind the change. It's definitely noticeable in Resident Evil 6, but it still overall feels like a Resident Evil game. The cinematic cutscenes are still here, the overall dramatic feel is still here, and the plot, albeit somewhat flawed still ties in with the rest of the series rather well. Plus, let's be honest in saying that a lot of the Resident Evil titles had plot holes.Gameplay wise, I love the controls for this game WHEN UTILIZING A GAME CONTROLLER. I've heard otherwise from some people, but I think they are very smooth and fluid. I do think they are somewhat complex and have a slight learning curve, but they come in handy once you get them down, especially when it comes to dodging attacks. Keyboard wise, I am not a fan of the controls. They are awkward and the way some of the buttons are mapped in the default settings have me baffled. Another thing that bothers me about the controls is that when non-cinematic cutscenes happen, you can't move your character but the enemies can still move. The game will literally make you stop what your doing to zoom in on something, and when you resume control of your character you could be getting hit by an enemy out of nowhere. This in particular can be moderately frustrating, although it doesn't happen too frequently.Story wise, it's not the best, but it's not the worst. In addition to the plot holes I mentioned earlier, I feel like certain sections of some of the campaigns are odd. Leon's campaign is hands down my favorite. It was very well paced and had a lot of cool sections. Chris' campaign was fun for the most part, but it mostly felt the same in terms of shooting enemies to get from point A to point B, with a few game changers few and far in between. Jake's campaign was unique, and for the most part, in a good way. Ada's campaign was intriguing but felt lackluster compared to the rest of the campaigns.Despite some flaws, I still say that you should get this game if you really like the storyline aspect of the Resident Evil series. If you're looking for something more survival horror esque however, then I would skip this title.Overall, I would rate this game a 7.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,221040,29534984,Posted: 27 January,all,Don Potato,Overall ill recommend it.Pros:Fun with CoopInteresting storyVariety of locationsGood GraphicsCons:Dodgy sprintingCertain weapons ingame are way too underpoweredBosses are too easy to killControls arent the bestImpossible senarios where the player/character should have died but didnt
,Recommended,221040,29523736,Posted: 27 January,all,Nullifer,"Game gets too much hate.There is too much action, and not really feeling like your typical resident evil game... But still fun"
,Recommended,221040,17039593,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Cereal,"right now as it is, it's actually worth the money. the game itself isn't that good and the gameplay is mediocre, but there's quite a lot of game content, especially in the story. pick this game up alone or play it with a friend, it'll give you about 20 hours of confirmed fun. I've only played for like 14 hours and i still haven't completed all the stories. there's also a lot of laughable moments and quite comedic times, such as persistent enemies and stuff"
,Recommended,221040,1970057,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,I'm Not Sue,"Compared to Resident Evil 5... this game is not as good.  The problem boils down to trying to do WAY too many things at once.--Compared to RE5, there's a few Dead Space esq grotesque elements, but they are extremely insonsistent in how they want to place such elements.  A few deaths are gruesome while others are laughably tame or even literally non-fatal.--The storyline is more than aa bit disjointed due to sudden-skip and explosion-prone transitions, almost like a bad action movie.--The combat is alright with several different variations of enemeies depending on the campaign selected, but again there is some inconsistency.   Normal zombies damage you just by grabbing you regardless of any visual violence while other enemies do not.  The bosses are basically all puzzle bosses and really quite forgettable, even the recurring ones.--The cover mechanics are rarely useful and often clunky, and the controls are in general more than a bit unwieldy when it comes to turning.  Aiming is for the most part fine.  The camera can be nauseatingly claustrophobic when in certain indoor areas.  Adjusting the FOV helps a bit--QTEs return, and like the cinematic ones in RE5 they dont really add at all to the enjoyment of the game nor are a meaningful part of the gameplay.  There is one egregious instance with an enemy that has an instant-kill grapple attack, but takes a several-seconds long cinematic to actually perform which the Co-Op partner is (both mechaically and thematically) pointlessly prevented from interrupting.  This happens cinematicaally too later in the game's first campaign with a one-button-or-you-die QTE.  These sorts of situaations are neither fun nor interesting for the player.  'Oh sudden QTE I missed, gruesome game over.  Mistimed it, forced to watch again.  Mistimed it, forced to watch again.  Repead until you get the timing right.'  Devs need to learn that this is not fun, challenging, or rewarding, especially when presented with a gruesome visual afterwards.  Heavy Rain does this right. with cumulative QTEs required for complete success or complete failure, as well as possible middle-road results.--The inventory system is bad becaause you can carry too many guns and they can't be quick selected like in an FPS, you have to scroll through about 4-5 to get to the one you want.  RE5's limited inventory, while sensical for a controller, was also VERY nice as a game mechanic because it let you customize your loadout.  You could carry many items to be ready to fight, or few in expectation of collecting in the level.  You could take one gun and a lot of ammo, or many guns with less ammo each.  You could take more armor and health and less guns, all your choice with the limited inventory space.  That and you would never get ammo for a gun type you weren't carrying.--Items in the world are instanced so co-op ammo or health management is not as interesting.  As opposed to sharing found health items to your partner to hold and use, healing yourself while near them miraculously heals them too.--There is an added versus mode where players can enter the games of people playing campaign mode, and take the role of the enemies to kill the hero characters, but there really isn't much point to this except as a sort of pseudo versus mode.  Luckily this is a disablable feature, which lets newer players avoid potential abuse from veterans.  I haven't tried it myself, but from what I have read there is no benefit to the hero-player aside from a slight chance of a health item drop.  It is merely for potential added difficulty.A few other complaints but you get the idea.  There's a whole lot of things done not-that-great.  Its still an OK game to play in co-op and the production value of the game is fairly high (especially with facial animations).  It uses Steam instead of GFWL now and still runs great with no hitches or lag, and the graphics options are good too so its glad to see that it still runs well like its predecessor.  Its not awful, but a bit underwhelming."
,Recommended,221040,17269782,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,SonsOfLiberty86,"Since RE4, they've changed the formula for Resident Evil games - getting rid of a lot of puzzle and backtracking elements, and adding in more linear on-rails shooting and action parts. If you enjoyed RE5, you will probably enjoy RE6. I'm a RE fan so I personally enjoy all the RE games, this one included. Also, they added in Left 4 Dead 2 characters into the Mercenaries mode, which is pretty darn sweet!"
,Recommended,221040,17279048,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Eagle-kun,"A terrific PC port of one of my favorite third person shooters to date. Despite it not being exactly what Resident Evil fanboys had wanted, Resident Evil 6 is an awesome AAA game that will provide you with hours of entertainment in the form of 4 campaigns, lots of online modes and a stacked Mercenaries mode. The game is a lot of fun to play though with friends and even has local co-op if you want to play mercenaries or the campaign with a buddy. I will be the first to admit that the game is far from perfect. Resident Evil 6 is rather problematic in many areas of it's 20 to 30 hour campaign. Me and my friend found ourselves getting burnt out semi-frequently but we always came back more! This is because at it's heart, Resident Evil 6 is an engaging game that is truly worth it's 30 dollar price tag."
,Recommended,221040,3325842,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Vape God Bradley,-11/10 The 6 looks like a giraffe recieving blow job.
76561198036617892,Recommended,221040,4405586,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Kostya-enich,хорошая игруля!
,Recommended,221040,10137233,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Gator Missile,4/5Combat is fun. Story is cool. Co-op adds more fun.Different perspectives to play from.
76561198084268984,Recommended,221040,7619854,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Miracle Johnson,"just dumb, zombie killing, B-movie fun"
,Recommended,221040,9880691,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,John Stamos,I was looking all over for a zombie game! So glad that this is the only one that exists!A+++ Because I can't find any other zombie game!
,Recommended,221040,9887876,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Tam ~{The Ultimate Gamer}~,"I recomend this game to anyone who likes to play Resident Evil 4. It plays almost the same. Though the AI for your partner is that of blah, better then Ashley not being able to use a gun. And its also fun to play online with other players. :3"
,Recommended,221040,319053,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,`Trix,"Personally, I was a little rage infused on it's release due to it's inept ability to ensure the game be in full working order. The lack of co-operative play, which was the main attraction for me...and when it was working, has in-game microphone which was “always on”.The Co-op mode network was enabled when the game was released in North America and the always on microphone has a workarokaround...which shouldn't need to be used...it reminded me too much of the Dead Island release which were not the fondest of memories.The graphics of this title are sadly surpassed by it's predecessor due to it's mixed use of, what I would call, moderate (in this day and age) to low quality textures used on certain objects and scenery, which is somewhat strange, since the character models are generally, nicely detailed. Just doesn't give me a feeling of consistency. Don't get me wrong, it's not terrible or anything, it's just not as good as I thought it to be.FoV slider doesn't seem to do much. Controls are somewhat, more awkward with certain tasks personally due to the fact, that there's much more actions to bind (Also considering it's use of Quick-Time Events).With all the negativity out of the way, I've found the game experience to be very much, both, enjoyable and challenging since I'm playing with a friend on No Hope difficulty...many deaths ensue.My initial cause of concern for this game was perhaps, a frame-rate issue. After running the Biohazard Resident Evil 6 benchmark that was available on the Tools Section of Steam, I had dipped to about 21 fps at certain points...but I realize now, that set of benchmark scenarios aren't emulated in a play-though of the campaigns...perhaps No Mercy Mercenary Mode (which, I've yet to test).It may not be a survival horror like it's early precursors, though, it's in a step in the right direction..away from Resident Evil 5 with it's dark atmosphere and mandatory jump-scare on rare occasions. Strip the title down to it's core game-play away from it's franchise, and you've got yourself a decent game."
76561198095303455,Recommended,221040,7543727,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Miss✞Clover,Really good!
76561198017418708,Recommended,221040,9982400,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,天诛,"Resident Evil series have become long way from atmospheric single player horror games to a quick time events generic Third Person Shooter... but... the question is : Is it bad TPS ?To answer this question I have to say that Resident Evil 4 in my opinion was the best in the series ( although RE 1 Mansion leaves this nostalgic feeling :). It combined Third person camera ( which I prefer than still camera shots ), good controls ( action oriented ) where you could shoot zombie in different place of the body and then finish with a melee to save ammo ( really fluid combat with doging etc. ) add to that amazing story with plot twist and a ""Bit"" of tension ( horror )... I couldn't ask for anything else. However that was RE 4. RE 6 is still ok game ( especially Leon campaign with slow moving zombies ) but it falls flat with creating atmosphere later on. It's more action oriented rather than ""survival""... which takes the tension out of it and it feels a bit boring at times.However I really like updated combat it feels fluid, easy melee, dodging takes a bit practise and feels good so you can spend a lot of time playing Merceneries Mode :) Which I would recommend.Sadly however its hard to find people to play online... so If you buy it make sure you have friends or just enjoy singleplayer :pFor some Resident Evil fans this game might be a dissapointment but it works for me as a Third Person Shooter... not a survival horror..."
76561198075847688,Recommended,221040,6807562,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,dainiub,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to previous versions. And the camera is killing me. If Capcom will do the same in next part, then I will surely not buy it ever again!"
,Recommended,221040,13172787,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,SOLIDNITROGEN,"Co-op guns and zombie mutants, I mean c'mon what more do you want!"
,Recommended,221040,13174391,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The_Ravenous_Knight,"I recommend the multiplayer, mercenaries is very enjoyable"
,Recommended,221040,7521709,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Valnix,"Since RE5 you should've realized that this game is no longer a ""horror"" game. If you somewhat, like RE5, you should like this. RE6 is more a refined action game than RE5. There are plenty of campaigns you can play with your friends, so it'd be more fun if you play it with your friends instead. It's not your typical 7hrs short game, so don't worry about money value."
76561198012898239,Recommended,221040,13177577,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Totally 4K John,good
,Recommended,221040,13178101,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Insolent Fool,"While this game has taken a huge turn away from the old resident evil games, I still had a great time playing this game. It really isn't horror anymore but more like buddy action movie with monsters and explosions. The gameplay has it's ups and downs, on one side you have more fluidity of movement than any other RE game, you can do skill rolls, diving/sliding shooting, and melee freely which all feels awesome. Unfortunately theres a few too many chase sequences that are hard to control and will leave you frustrated. I feel the 69/100 metacritc ranking is a bit too harsh, but it's understandable considering capcom still tries to call this ""survival horror"". No, walking around with 2 bullets left in your gun holding your intestines in is survival horror, not Michael Bay style chase scenes every 2 minutes.The design choices may not have been popular but this game is still a high quality production with plenty of value in terms of game length and replayability. Best played through with a friend, and don't expect anyone to be playing the minigames online either, that community died before it ever lived no thanks to the matchmaking being broken for the first 2 months. By the time they fixed it nobody ever logged on."
76561198155927414,Recommended,221040,13087217,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,x-.JUBA.-x,best local co-player game ever
,Recommended,221040,20205056,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[X]OXO_613,=D
,Recommended,221040,20068184,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Bastille,I Hate Ustanak...!! He Look Like OrcBut Btw I'm love With Ada Wong Lol
,Recommended,221040,7089426,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Chaves2205,"Excelente jogo, com certeza agrada tanto quem joga pela primeira vez, quanto a quem é fã de longa data."
76561197973503826,Recommended,221040,7475702,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,sush1z,Amazing stupid game !!!!!
,Recommended,221040,1575640,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,El Phyro Loco [-UkR-],"you broke my heart YOU ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAMEloved all residents but this is not a horror survial, its a FPS but with zombies-why do i trip on corpse but infected can clip right thought them...- why give me a camera to contrall only to lock it out...-why have such robotic runs for the players... also why do boobs clip tough arms when they giggle-why have 4 campains, and not have them slowly unlock tough a spiders web when you reach a charter cross over point.- sorry for spelling"
76561198035364525,Recommended,221040,22508672,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Zephorah,"CONS:-Key/mouse mashing sequences ...on horror repeat to the point of carpal tunnel in a single sitting.  Those of you who have played know what I'm talking about.-Escape sequence in the Chris storyline with all the abrupt and random camera twists and switches such that 'W' is suddenly moving you sideways instead of forward.  I almost quit.  Took me two days to get through that nonsense, and only by more or less running forward and dying to learn the next keystroke/mouse move in the sequence.  That escape scene/sequence never should have been, not without a stable camera.-Too much ammo available.-Chris.  Just die already.  Maybe a steroid induced brain aneurism.  Something.PROS:-Feels like a trip back to what RE should be.  It's not quite the utter awesome that was RE4, but for someone who adored RE4, and the previous games, and absolutely hated RE5, this was great.-The parasitical attachment in single player isn't the problem it was in RE5.  Found RE5 impossible to play because the parasite would get herself killed, suck up ammo, and I could not get rid of her...there was no setting to just go solo.  RE6 turns the parasite into an afterthought.  They're there, they can't die, they don't use your ammo.  You can now, happily, ignore it and just play the game.  Would be nice to just have a truly solo option, but they work it into the story and make it a non-issue, thus removing most of what was wrong with RE5.-6 playthroughs possible.-7th playthrough as Ada.  Bonus that you're finally solo, for real.-Option to play multiplayer that isn't the requirement RE5 made it.-Sheri storyline involves new characters  with a neat un-armed sequence which you can stealth if you play it right.-Bonus points for Godzilla-zombie-Each character gets a unique weapon.-The chase sequences offer up some cool variety.  Going in I didn't think I'd like fleeing an avalanche on a snowmobile, but it added excitement to the game without overplaying that hand.-Tactics requiredIf they make a 7 using all the positives from this game and remove those godforsaken key/mouse mashing sequences, I'm in for the next round of the franchise."
,Recommended,221040,22503952,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Wretched Doom,"Its like playing one of Michael Bay's movies, one of the fun stupid ones. Explosions, silly yet awesome fight scenes, some T and A for the peoples that like that sort of thing, explosions, AND MORE ♥♥♥♥ING EXPLOSIONSSo all of them I guess.But that is a good thing. Bad acting, lame story but with enjoyable combat and a great coop experience.Campy and fun."
76561198022358293,Recommended,221040,22449087,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mori86,Resident evil 6 is all about mercenaries minigame tbh.
76561198072182182,Recommended,221040,22460123,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,Awesomely fun game to play by yourself or with a pal.  Well-designed and full of that delicious RE cheese!
,Recommended,221040,21513445,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Cupid Stunt,Leon has amazing flowing hair.
,Recommended,221040,21485324,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Aridizon,Good :)
76561198035366682,Not Recommended,221040,21828161,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Lubrifiax,"WTF IS THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥12h! This is the maximum i could do before going crazy. I got the game in a bundle mais because i did the previous i wanted to play it to continue the story. I trully wanted to finish it but i changed my mind as this game is a pure scam!Hopefully i didn't pay more than 5€ for the capcom bundle.Actually the only positive point is the story crossing with the differents heroes.Even the story is not good, the only good part is the Leon side, then delete the game.Vehicules->♥♥♥♥♥♥Ammo stocks->♥♥♥♥♥♥Camera->♥♥♥♥♥♥QTE->♥♥♥♥♥♥Heroes just shouting fo calling each others all game long....I won't recommend it, even the coop campagne."
,Recommended,221040,21828876,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,the_aY,"Another transformation in the Resident Evil Franchise, RE6 continues the trend of taking what used to be a ""survival horror"" game and turns it into a full-on action game. If  you thought Resident Evil 5 was basically Resident Evil 4 on steroids with multiplayer mayhem, RE6 is more of the same, only even more extreme. Hollywood blockbuster movies would be shamed, as there is probably no movie that has the number or explosions, heroic sacrifices, and innocent civilian casualties that Resident Evil 6 has.The story, while intense, is actually very stupid if realism and where the main story can go from here is something you are concerned about. However, if that doesn't matter to you, RE6 is one of the most over-the-top action experiences you will ever play. Add in co-op with a friend to go through the craziness together, and you will have a great time with lots bad guys (and monsters) to shoot up, while leaving a path of destruction in your wake.Anything that can be said as a detriment about this game is also it's greatest strength. While this title may be a long departure from what this series has traditionally been about, there is something immensely satisfying about taking down an armored helicopter, while giving spinning DDT's to splatter zombie heads into the pavement, and then running from a crazy chainsaw monster while maneuvering a raft to avoid flaming debris all in a 5-10 minute time-frame. If you were looking for a traditional Resident Evil game, this game may disappoint you. But if the previous sentence about the kinds of things you do in this game interest you at all, it is immensely satisfying to play through.8/10 ""Great"""
76561198079107342,Recommended,221040,21782704,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,¥Godzilla¥,support
,Recommended,221040,22359115,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Panda Tar,"I would give a 6 or 7 out of 10 for this game.The game was rather entertaining in its own way, IF I forget that I'm playing what's supposed to be a horror survival one. It's always nice seeing characters we grew to like throughout all the franchise back again, how their stories are unraveling now and how they'll go on.Having 4 campaigns telling the story was a nice touch, but it felt like they got too short and, yet, too repetitive in themselves. Soon enough I grew tired of each of them, since they were to kin to become predictable. Besides, the times in which some of the bosses would come around and around was surpassing the fun to get rather wearing. However, having more movements and freedom in the game for reactions made it feel more 'humane'. The older titles weren't much fair on that. You couldn't punch a zombie in the face, only stare at it if you had only guns (and no ammo) or knife it, while probably not being able to dodge its grasp the next second.Apart from Leon's campaign, which is the only one that makes it feel like a RE game, the other campaigns had almost a GTA feel about them, or anything too action-like. Enemies are endless, not counted, so things looks expendable, you don't feel like trying to survive, but mainly to pass over. Also, those timed events to push buttons are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ and another problem was the camera getting fixed in some positions while you had to deal with those timed events, such as running from a giant foe. Controls got funny here and there, and you got stuck and died, out of the blue. It was not a challenging situation, but simply a faulty one that got really tiresome.From these small issues to the overall dullness after all the killing, we had a different campaign with Ada, with some 'forced' puzzles. It was so at odds with the rest of the campaigns, that it felt like they wanted to grab all puzzles they didn't use in the rest of the game and stuck it with Ada, feeling like a 'Investigative' campaign. I almost expected Ada carrying a Press ID around her neck. Also, given that Ada appears during all other campaigns, it looks repetitive and also a bit boring if not for the curiosity to learn what's Ada doing in this game at all.All in all, I would recommend this game only if it was for sale, 50%, 33% or so off, just as I bought lately."
,Recommended,221040,22338591,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,forgive me father for i have sin,Great game with friends. Boss has good nudity too 9/11 good explosions
76561197964736911,Recommended,221040,15707313,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Horror,"The Final Verdict: C+If you're a Resident Evil fan, you should still be able to get through this. But there will be times where you won't want to keep playing. Overall the game is OK, but it just always feels like it's lacking something.If you like shooter or zombie games you could give this a whirl and probably beat it once and get something out of it. I don't think I paid much (maybe 10 - 15 bucks) so I did get my monies worth. But then again, I've been a Resident Evil fan for a while so I kind of had to see what it was like. Overall, I'm not satisfied, but I'm not completely dissapointed either.It really helps if you have someone to play splitscreen with you (that will explain my amount of gameplay time).Just don't expect anything special. Also if you're strictly only into the old school style resident evil games (in other words if you didn't like 4 or 5, you won't like this, it goes even more action shooter style)."
,Recommended,221040,22146996,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,_-=Groove=-_,"Congratulations to the Devs, excellent work!"
76561198110931988,Recommended,221040,22312904,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Selsun [Danger Dolphin],"I had heared so many mixed reviews for RE6 and was reluctant to buy it. Many people said it was not as good as the other games. In all honesty I think people had an issue with the game because it is not nearly as easy as many of the games that our seen today. Most games can be beat or 'mastered' within 48 hours. RE6 is one that you just can not simply master it or beat it within 48 hours on your first time round' the game is not easy nor is it impossible.I would write a longer review, but I feel as though the only part of this review that matters is the numbers that will add to the posotive/minus reviews when people are pandering through games. So, to keep it simple, I recommoned it."
,Recommended,221040,22247027,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Captain Spicy Goomba,"Loved it, loved it even more with a friend in Co-op."
,Recommended,221040,7406093,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Tragic Loop,"Even CAPCOM itself confirmed that the Survival Horror genre in Resident Evil franchise has died along with the beginning of RE4 and onwards. Still, the game is good, it's like the only warzone or a millitary oriented title in the series with some chapters focused on things like knocking tanks or capturing key locations.Tasks that would be laughed off as ridioulous for RE nearly 10 years ago."
,Recommended,221040,18595635,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Yang,It's weird because I expected it to be more scary. I think the fear comes more from the gross-out factor instead of the psychological fear of being stalked by an enemy that can't die. I enjoyed it though since it had a nice story and it was very nostalgic since I got to see Sherry Birkin. Did I mention that Sherry is hot as hell?
,Recommended,221040,581441,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,MontalvoMC,One of my favorite Resident Evil games <3
,Recommended,221040,2874346,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Rekronik,"So Capcom decided on splitting up the campaigns into Horror, Survival, and Action.  Superficially its a fun 3rd person shooter with an interesting perk system. Honestly if  you like Dead Space 2 and Resident Evil 5 you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,221040,18831065,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,ElectricVector,"This game was good when I played on a Playstation, but even better on PC. A must have for those who love action games, but for the horror fans I would go with one of the classic Resident Evil games."
,Recommended,221040,18830879,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,liigk,"great game, the control is much better comparing to RE5, you can move while shoot (great!!!!) you can roll left, right, and dodge and a lot more. there is a small learning curve (especially how to take the herb). the campaign is long, but the problem is that you have longer chapter length, but you have fewer chapters. you also have limited amount of weapon. the stories are shorter for each individual campaign, which are a lot less interesting. but overall, pretty good."
76561197971036032,Recommended,221040,18828608,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Ricky55,Picked this up on the Haloween sale and I love it. Really great action game would highly recommnend at special at sale price.
76561198097696436,Recommended,221040,18168646,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,^2Krystros,"Only four hours into the game at the moment and just beat Jakes story, and I have to say that i love this game. I recommend to pick up this game anytime you see it on sale. The one big problem with this game is the online gameplay, always get disconnected when tryin to play with others not alot of fun."
76561198079470728,Recommended,221040,18094507,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Phantazyyy,"Good game, love playing it with friends."
76561198102349291,Recommended,221040,17912429,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,eddy google,good game :)
,Recommended,221040,17326140,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,friendpatine,"6/10May contain spoilers:Pros:- Ada's campaign- Leon's campaign- Improved gameplay + melee attacks- Mercenaries mode- QUICK SHOT!Cons:- It takes 128027475828 years to load- I was so excited about Sherry and Jake's campaign, but it was kind of meh- Chris' campaign is the absolute worst. SRSLY- Plot is the same as every other RE game, but dumbed down- MOTHER F***ING CAMERA ANGLES THAT KEEP ON CHANGING- The main villain is a little b*tch- Cloning cliche that makes no senseStill, it was an okay game. But I am so glad I waited for it to go on sale instead of buying it when it first came out."
76561198040626295,Recommended,221040,4673624,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Corvan,Interesting Agent Hunt Mode.
76561198018650463,Recommended,221040,8346240,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,pwndras,RE 6 for the pc is a very fun game and thanks to steam sales it is well worth the pick up. It is one of those more action themed RE's and not so much as a horror survival that old fans may like but it is a good game. Controls are easy to learn and the inventory system is way better than RE 5's.
,Recommended,221040,6743037,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,mrbrightside916,The quintessential Resident Evil plus some Left 4 Dead 2 cameos from survivors and special infected
76561198148024633,Recommended,221040,22100469,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Gisselle,This games co-op is amazing!
76561198034941047,Recommended,221040,21895084,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,hanzenfranz,"Best Resident Evil game in the series. Originally played this game multiple times on PS3 and decided to get the entire package on PC. Capcom did a fantastic job on the port and it runs perfectly on Win10 without any need to scour the internet for bug fixes.Pros:-Mixes classic fan favorite characters from past Resident Evil games and introduces new likable characters to join them.-Fast pacing with action packed set pieces-Encourages multiple playthroughs by giving different perspectives of each character-Arcade style bonus modes which allow you to get skill points for power upgrades-Fantastic voice overs (even though some of the dialogue is cheesy)-Unlike Resident Evil 5, AI partner cannot die and has unlimited ammo/health.Cons:-Graphics show a bit of age. Some textures look ugly/low res up close. Contrast issues (some super dark locations and some super bright areas)-Fighting the same boss that mutates/regenerates multiple times throughout the story.-AI partner can be dumb and cause you to die in some sequences.Overall, fantastic game. If you like action games with Resident Evil characters you'll enjoy this title. If you like living in the past and get off by trying to unlock doors with helmet or shield emblems you might not."
76561198141332572,Recommended,221040,22294152,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,intronaut,"If you're playing on co-op, this is a lot like RE5, just with a quantity over quality approach. Recommend at a steep discount - never at full price. The campaigns (4 of em) are not worth it, though there is a lot of mostly mediocre content here, so it'll last you a while.The campaigns are pretty bland and average for the most part; it's Resident Evil meets Michael Bay x1000. The storyline is peppered with setpieces of the eye-rolling variety, where the characters' circumstances tend to be ridiculous to the point  that you can't be immersed for very long before yet another near-death scenario rolls around... and another, and another, and so on. You're also likely to drown in quicktime events during these scenarios.That said, the Mercenaries extra content is pretty great, particularly the No Mercy mode, which includes far higher enemy spawns as well as Left 4 Dead characters & enemies. It quickly turns overwhelming given the number of enemies that swarm you and is easily the most redeeming facet of the game, from my experience at least.The controls are mostly decent with a controller, the largest exception being the cover controls and the fact that hopping over objects is glued to the same button / key as sprinting. Prepare to unintentionally hop or slide over a lot of stuff the second you run nearby. That aside, the controls aren't too bad - definitely different from RE4 and RE5 though. And yet, the controls are horrible with a mouse & keyboard, which is disappointing considering that those were amazing in RE5. At any rate, you're afforded the ability to move while reloading and dive, dodge, and buttscoot around while shooting, so that's nice.So to reiterate: Buy it on sale. Definitely do not buy it at full price. Quantity over quality here."
76561198239830432,Recommended,221040,30735311,Posted: 25 March,all,Ben Bot,"I knew games would have less players from time to time but I didn't expect that it would be this few, the join game in campaign mode doesn't even have a page 2 or a scroll bar for finding sessions. that's how few it is. however it's really good and I enjoyed this before. it's not bad as what most people use to say in youtube and other medias."
,Recommended,221040,30746291,Posted: 26 March,all,Fargreze,"Great game, especially if you've played the others and want to see more of the characters.  Admittedly, the plot plays out like a fanfic (i.e. convenient timing so the main people can run into each other - but the individual stories are good) and is totally action-based with little 'horror-style' tension.  You'll have a huge arsenal of guns and this really damages the horror atmosphere.  If you aren't afraid of zombies running at you, this game will not change your mind.  The J'avo enemies are more like the parasite-infected cultists from RE4, but the shambling zombies are still there too.  Certain undead of both kinds can shoot at you - this can be annoying if you aren't using cover, which is rarely necessary.  For classic RE fans, know that this is closer to Uncharted than those older games.Now that that's all out of the way: the good stuff.  The movement system is deep and liberating.  There's nothing I wanted to do that I couldn't: from jumping rolls, to advanced melee-weapon moves, to quick from-the-hip shots, to a huge number of contextual attacks.  There's real variety in the combat and the characters.  There are tons of different enemy types, so it doesn't get repetitive.  And this is a long game, too: four fully co-opable campaigns took me more than 40 hours to get through, and that's not counting the excellent Mercenaries mode.  Do yourself a favour and play on a hard difficulty - my first playthrough was on No Hope with a buddy; it verged on frustrating, and we died a lot, but winning felt really good.  Play on at least Veteran for a tense experience, or Professional if you're gutsy.  No Hope is a trial on NG, because it is truly, truly hard.All the stories are worth experiencing.  Leon's plot includes throwbacks to RE2 and RE4, with city-based and ruin-based zones.  His areas are generally dark, claustrophobic and grim.  Jake's (alongside a grown-up Sherry Birkin) has the most variety, with a hilariously effective snowmobile waiting in a snow area, and an unarmed stealth section.  Surprisingly, it works, and Jake has some memorable lines; he's more laid back and arrogant than Leon (stronger sarcasm, amazingly), and the antithesis to blunt, serious Chris, but the biggest badass is hard to call.  Chris' campaign has the most emotional impact if you can get invested in a 'band of brothers' type of plot - the BSAA is made to seem much more important than RE5 ever made them.  Piers Nivans' giant gauss rifle is amazing, so consider playing Chris' campaign from his perspective.  Ada appears in all those stories, so her extra (DLC) campaign reveals what she was doing in-between.  Finally, I recommend switching between campaigns using a chonological order guide for your playthrough."
76561197982796274,Not Recommended,221040,15971801,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Pandy Monium,"I take back my earlier favourable review. Many parts of this game I liked, but the Chris campaign gets worse and worse. The need to take control away from you in frantic scenes is frustrating as hell. Why not use small cut scenes if they need to inject some story, a character you keep losing control of is something I truly hate. The QTE scene running from the Haos in chapter 5 seems impossible on PC due to the fact that after shooting it the first time controls go weird to make you look at the injured monster, after which nothing seems to allow him to move in the right direction. I discovered in some parts you had to press 3 keys at once to move in the right direction, how the hell are you supposed to know which combinations work at each moment when the orientation keeps changing anyway. I tried perhaps 50 times, always after the injured monster the keys were just unresponsive for too long and I couldn't even get the camera so that I could see him. Once I got him running again by some random luck finding which keys went in which direction I was so far behind I had no chance of catching up. Really ruined it because I had got so far and just couldn't complete that campaign. Not sure I will bother trying to finish the other campaigns.Also earlier Chris chapters there just was not enough ammo, even with extra pickups skill. Finally having to cycle through weapons to get the one you need in fast situations is a horrible, horrible, horrible experience. What is wrong with allowing 1,2,3 key bindings like all other games allow. These keys don't get used so why not allow that, such weird design decision thoughout everything. I'm going to spend the next few minutes pulling out clumps of my hair, since that will be more fun than playing this anymore.The following review is one I completely agree with, says what I said in much more depth:http://www.gamespot.com/reviews/resident-evil-6-review/1900-6397338/I have consigned this game to my ""unplayable"" category on Steam."
,Recommended,221040,20755928,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,SOL,"Very fun and enjoyable, especially if your playing with a friend or playing online Co op.Story is great.8/10"
,Recommended,221040,22542586,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Taeyeon,Favourite Resident Evil out of the series!
,Recommended,221040,22532150,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Doctor Mosquito,"Resident Evil 6 is one of the those games that is like a cult classic movie. It may have sucked♥♥♥♥♥when it first came out, but when you look back at it, it's quite an enjoyable and entertaining experience."
76561198263688238,Recommended,221040,20906433,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Jack Dail,"One of best, people don't like change."
76561198201295322,Recommended,221040,20889733,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,jmoney0627,"It took me a little bit to get used to the move while shooting thing. I've always enjoyed the survival horror aspect of inching forward and stopping to shoot. This game is for sure still fun to play as a third person action shooter but feels way different than the RE games we've been ussed to. I personally enjoyed it but hard core RE fans may be find its lack of ""survival horror"" a turn off."
,Recommended,221040,14577668,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kasser,"--NEW EDITED REVIEW--As of this year (2016) I am changing my overall review on this game.Admittly I was very harsh with my old review (see below). As a gamer who did played early Resident Evil games back on PS1, I held high expectations that the game will try to go back to its horror roots.The game sadly did not meet my epectations. Does it mean it is a bad game? No. This is still a good fully co-op experience that shine among other lazy co-op games in the same zombie genre. It has story, long gameplay time, different characters with each having his or her own storyline, and I gotta admit that there are some monsters diversity and multiple enviornments to experience.So yes, if you are looking for a game to play along with a buddy, then don't miss on this one. If you are playing it without a co-op buddy then you should lower your expectations or get it on a sale.I am recommeding this game and hopefully CAPCOM do listen to our feedbacks. Please make RE great again.--OLD REVIEW--This is not a horror game at all.This series has turned into pure shooting game. And it is even bad in being a shooter.Negativites:- Cover system is bad. You have to hold the aim button (LT on gamepad) THEN press (A on gamepad) to enter cover mode!- You will face zombified-army with assult rifles.- Levels are not interesting and they do not have any horror atmosphere. One of the levels are in a freakin war zone.- The story did not interest me.- Some animations are poorly designed for such high budget game.Postive:+ Full co-op game. You will have fun with your friend.+ People can invade your game as zombies and it is fun to play as zombie.I did not try the EXTRA modes because as the description said, it is just more of killing monsters which is exactly what you are doing in the game.I hope from CAPCOM to stick with the horror. Even Gears of War had scarier levels than what RE6 gave me.I hardly recommend this game for anyone unless you want to play co-op with a friend."
76561198119602248,Recommended,221040,21007372,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dames Zhealfor,The graphics are amazing. The only problem I have with this game is the voice acting could use some touch-up. Also I felt like I was watching a movie rather than playing the game. Here and there the quick-time events were a little unfair to alien players but it was easy to get use to. The storyline of the game confused me as much as other resident evil fans the most but it was easy to get reset on track and just go with it.
,Recommended,221040,21007579,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Aleksey Ivanov,"Nice for co-op, sucks for single player.Graphics in Resident Evil 5 is much more better than in this game. Why they've make graphics in this game worst than in previous game."
,Recommended,221040,20715283,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,SuperKlyph,"Honestly, the mechanics are fun but the story/characters are god awful.  Mercenaries is fun to play with a friend.  I would say Chris's campaign is the most straight-forward, Jake's is the silliest, and Leon's wins the QTE-event-every-25-seconds award.  Cheers.I'll recommend it if you can get it REALLY cheap."
76561198051197611,Recommended,221040,19833643,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,gtconser,Really Cool I'm old fun¬
,Recommended,221040,19848803,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Zanlo,Difficulty seems a little off but apart from that it' alright.
76561198126075047,Recommended,221040,19822656,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Emka,Help me . i keep stuck when loading at chapter 2 .. some one help...........
76561198119406515,Recommended,221040,19836986,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,its0nlym1ne,Excellent game! Very dynamic. With the story of the level of the best Hollywood blockbusters.
,Recommended,221040,19837388,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,SirPhoenix,:d
,Recommended,221040,16607694,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Anime Tiddy,"good game, but nobody plays it."
,Recommended,221040,16774622,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,awskiski,"Shooting is fun, quick time events are exhausting, happilly watched all cutscenes through every campaign because the story was good, co-op is fantastic (except ada campaign, maybe do that one on your own). 7.5/10, will play more. Got it on sale for $8, would have gladly paid $30."
,Recommended,221040,16686328,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Burdo,"Resident Evil 6 isn't a terrible game - (I actually quite liked it), but it is fairly uneven, promising a pure survival experience with Leon Kennedy, before going all Gears of War with Chris Redfield and Jake Muller - despite never actually giving you enough ammo!An intriguing three-pronged story and a ton of bonus game modes ensured that Resident Evil 6 wasn't shy of content, it just didn't have that extra bit of quality to back it all up, not to mention the hollywood like scenes that no man could ever survive."
,Recommended,221040,15509925,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"another great resident evil gamestory = amazinggraphics = amazinggameplay = amazingco-op = extremely funsingle player = greatthey brought back zombies, but only in leons campaigne. the other campaignes are different and have enemies similar to re4 and re 5.playing by yourself is still very fun, but playing with a friend is better, obviously.this game is very well setup. if you enjoyed resident evil 4 or 5 then you'll enjoy this. it's very similar but also very different, i don't know how to explain what i mean but it's a good thing, and i think you should buy the game and see what i mean for yourself rather than listening to the idiots that post a bad review cause they don't know a good game if it b***h slapped them in the face....basically COD fanboys."
76561198027893721,Recommended,221040,18439149,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,raypaulnoams,"The RE titles are bit bit hit and miss, and this is the one where they hit the mark. A few piddling flaws are well and truly compensated for by the huge amount of content and Leon's beautiful floppy fringe. Character acting is an improvement on all previous games, sets are just as over-the-top gorgeous and stupid spectacular as always, controls are smooth (your can move and shoot) and you are not just fighting the same monsters ad-nauseum.This is a very good game."
76561198113236965,Recommended,221040,30548119,Posted: 16 March,all,LobsterEclipse,I think it is a great game but not a very good resident evil game.
76561198027553869,Recommended,221040,17890520,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Tactical GummyBear,the more  i play it the more i like it :)
,Recommended,221040,18549816,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Holly Hazard,"Decent, just not Resident EvilFirst let me start by saying , why you so flat textures ? Seriously.  The character models are great looking and the lighting and shading is really well done but the backgrounds are just awful.  Resident Evil 5 had way better textures and character models I felt.  They had big goals with this game and it shows, giving you 4 different chapters to play through each with there own gameplay and characters.  The story itself is good, it is Resident Evil so you gotta expect a overblown silly plot.  I like how each of the 4 chapters all sync up at some point connecting the dots.  What I didn't like is the fact the game was too ambitious.  Each chapter for each pair of characters was a unique idea but it just had a messy feel to it.  No consistancy.  They tried to bring to the table something for everyone but at the end lost the identity of Resident Evil.  Leons chapter was close to its roots but still felt off.   I love the Resident Evil series, I liked this game but not as much as the others.  All in all its a good game just not quite Resident Evil."
76561198038032106,Recommended,221040,18126312,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,hisokasbane,"I highly reccommend this episode of RE. I am a huge fan of the series and saw that it got so-so reviews, so I was slighlty sad. After buying it, I am glad that I did because I really enjoyed the story and the new dynamic of multiple stories. Each player has a different style that will make the game seem fresh each time you play it. CAPCOM lived up to their high rep and I look forward to more from RE."
,Recommended,221040,18684013,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,RegularCapital,"Fun gameplay and memorable storyline, what else would you expect from a Resident Evil game?"
76561198043509030,Recommended,221040,18797643,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,3sx I Kevin,Yes !!
76561198011411324,Recommended,221040,18812252,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,davidcell,Nice part of the series
,Recommended,221040,18808660,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,mkenny_17 [Euthanasia],the game is pretty much console-ish the pc controls great but pretty much unergonomical. graphics great but it dont have that classic Resident Evil feeling.but i still recommend it
76561198130013287,Recommended,221040,18818151,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Pride and Promises,damn cool HOROR GAME........BEST ALLTHE TIME
76561197993495947,Not Recommended,221040,13938212,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Himax,"Tremendously disappointing.Everything in this game's structure screams ""Lazy"". They even give you an optional infinite ammo cheat right from the start. The expansions to the combat system seem to carry a glimmer of effort, but the contextual commands to do them are so imbalanced and poorly timed as to suggest a lack of playtesting.You get to carry far too many weapons at once, and it is far too cumbersome to select which specific one you want to use at any one time.  These guns have zero customization, and despite different appearances, many of them are even used the same way.There are no real puzzles, and no exploration-- everything is totally linear to the point of being boring.Even the combat difficulty has been toned down, with the only real bit of challenge being your need to adapt to the crappy UI aiming.The skillpoint system for leveling up is anemic; you get the ability to freely switch between 8 sets of skill combinations, but only a few of them are really relevant. And since you can't swith what is IN those combinations mid-game, the barely-useful skill system becomes obtuse and irrelevant.And the overuse of Quick-Time Events ( something I despise to begin with) causes death to be nothing more than a constant annoyance-- there is no challenge in this game, and it is not scary.  As a personal gripe, the plot has gone totally off the rails as well. It is so disjointed and filled with plotholes and logic flaws that it is genuinely boring.The online functions all sound like they should be fun;  but they all fall flat for obvious technical reasons:Connecting to another player's game requires far too many circumstancial factors to be in alingment. Being able to play as a monster in another player's game might be more fun of the UI and controls for playing as a monster actually worked-- they don't. And even the overlapping portions of the character chapters fail to really present a gameplay environment where interaction  (cooperative/competitive, or even just knowing you are playing with another human being) are really utilized.This is a game made by lazy developers for lazy people.I have always had high expectations from Capcom. They really let me down with this game."
76561198047760350,Recommended,221040,14047828,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,{NPG} russdog71,giving this game a second chance still feels like an overbloated action flick like michael bay made it or something but so far its just meh
76561197996765345,Not Recommended,221040,14068752,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,D O G,"A great game, but an absolutely horrendous port."
,Recommended,221040,7610949,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,T R V P x J E S U S,"Что можно о ней сказать?:-Игра - конфетка, которая летает на ультах (приерно 50-60 ФПС)-PhysX просто прекрасен (гянцевые волосы Леона)- сюжет - ахиренен :)- куча столкновений с другими персами-и угарный кооп с другом :DНО!мультиплеер в ней выполнен ужасно (4 режима, которые идут отдельно ДЛЦ, и их надо ОБЯЗАТЕЛЬНО КУПИТЬ!)"
76561198075535790,Recommended,221040,13563235,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,bigfreight,"Leon's campaign is best, Ada's campaign sucks, Mercenaries mode is back, game runs amazingly but with few graphics options, and checkpoints are common but savepoints are spread too far apart.It's more Resident Evil 5 than it is any other Resident Evil.  There's a singular story and the way you view the story depends on the character you play as.  Multiplayer's alright, and Mercenaries mode is back.  There are a few cheap deaths so understand you will spend a lot of time, especially in co-op."
,Recommended,221040,14190234,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Crono,"PresentationThe game runs just fine on my rig, and I haven't had any inexplicable FPS drops. There is gamepad support out of the box, it's a breeze to switch between devices. The game plays fine on a mouse and keyboard, however it does feel like the user interface was developed with controllers in mind. The online co-op and other gamemodes are functional.GraphicsNothing fancy in this instalment. Environment and character models look decent, animation is fine.SoundVoice acting is solid, weapons sound good, zombies still have that familiar ""errrggghhh"".StoryTo be completely honest I found the story hard to follow. Despite the fact that it's built upon decades of wacky Resident Evil lore, it was more than a little convoluted. However I did like seeing the return of key characters such as Leon, Hunnigan, Ada, Chris and Sherry, as well as the addition of new characters like Helena, Piers and Jake. The decision to pair Piers with Chris made their campaign a bit of a sausage fest, and I would much rather like to have seen Claire, Jill or even Sheva there.GameplayThe game consists of four campaigns, each with two playable characters*. You can play online or offline. AI is not too bad here compared to RE5; your partner can usually hold their own and won't require much help. That's not to say I haven't had my fair share of Helena running in the opposite direction, but most of the time it works. There are points in the game where campaigns will intersect, and you can team up with another pair of players or AI to complete a section, which I thought was pretty cool. One interesting new game mode is Agent Hunt, where a player can invade other people's games as a monster, and try to kill them. I call this♥♥♥♥♥♥Mode, because I feel like a♥♥♥♥♥♥trying to halt people's progress in their game. There are about five or six other game modes, including Mercenaries which is really the only one worth playing.*Ada's campaign when played offline contains just Ada without a partner. However when online, she is paired with Agent. I haven't played with Agent yet so I'm not sure how it works.Lasting AppealThere are 80 serpent emblems to collect, and each chapter has a ranking for each character, on each difficulty, so you would need to play through the campaign at least 10 times (if my math is correct) to get S ranks for everything. Most of the online game modes are dead now, but you can still do some of them solo, such as Mercenaries. There is a lot to be had with this game, it just depends how much time you want to dedicate to it."
,Recommended,221040,13888158,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Celery Man,"This game...is good, but it has some major ♥♥♥♥ing flaws. Multiple campaigns is nice, it runs well, co-op is fun adn works well, and mercenaries is fun and fast paced. The story is okay, kind of bland and predictable and Chris's campaign is probably the loudest i have ever shouted in anger (due to the Chapter 3 helicopter section) So if you want to have fun with a friend and kill some zambambos then buy this dumb game!"
76561197978273353,Recommended,221040,14039553,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Marhados,"I like the old ones as well as the new. A lot of ppl hate this one because it is more action oriented... But it runs well(got a radeon and can tell you for hours what different issues exist in gaming) and it is a good game. Only one problem : the brightness, but all the version of it have this and it is not so bad compare to the stuttering issues of revelations... More action than horror(sadly), new control with more option to dodge enemies attack(finally). I really like to be able to roll on the floor and move while aiming. The story and atmosphere are not as good as the 4 or the 5 but still it is a good game overall and most of the fans love it. If you re new to RE franchise you should start with the 4th then the 5th and wait for this one... you may not like it as much... but still it all depends of your taste. The multiplayer modes are weird I prefer the campaign or the mercenary. If you want to play the campaign and you are a serious gamer add me and I will help ya mate !"
,Not Recommended,221040,13949599,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,applepi,"***SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW!!!!!***While I can say that the Resident Evil series makes me feel very warm and bubbly inside, I am sad to say that even though Resident Evil 6 is a very well created and beautiful title, I would not recommend it to long-time fans of the series.From the zombie-infested streets of Tall Oaks to the war ridden mountains of Edonia, Resident Evil 6 takes you through 4 different storylines, each containing two important characters (excluding Ada Wong's co-op partner, ingeniusly dubbed ""Agent."") These four campaigns follow Leon S. Kennedy and his partner Helena Harper, Jake Wesker and his partner Sherry Birkin, Chris Redfield and his partner Piers Ivans, and Ada Wong, and progressively shows how their stories collide in China.Combat in Resident Evil 6 is unlike any other resident evil game, consisting of a stamina bar, more melee attacks, and a special coup de grace for each character (the latter is featured in Resident Evil 5). Each campaign has it's own arsenal that you will obtain throughout your playing, ranging from Auto-shotguns to Lightning Hawks, the Bear Commander assault rifle to the Semi-Automatic Sniper Rifle.  Quick-Shot and melee attacks take up one sliver from your stamina bar, and once said bar is depleted, your melee attacks are powered down to a weak, fatigued kick. The combo system is very well done, allowing you to quickly stun an enemy and go in for the kill rather easily.Mercenaries mode makes it's return in this title, as well as a special derivative named ""Mercenaries NO MERCY"". NO MERCY may sound familiar to fans of one of Valve's most successful series, Left 4 Dead, and you are right to feel such nostalgia. Mercenaries NO MERCY is a version of NO MERCY in which you can play as the iconic survivor cast of Left 4 Dead 2 (Coach, Rochelle, Ellis, and Nick, respectively.) In NO MERCY, music is replaced with songs by the game's fictional greasy rock band, the Midnight Riders, and it is also optional to apply a Left 4 Dead enemy pack which makes Witches, Tanks, and Hunters (from what I've experienced) available for your violent enjoyment.A new addition to the Biohazard series is titled ""Agent Hunt"", in which campaign players can set their games to allow such mode to allow other players to join in as zombies or J'avo. This mode is /very/ addicting, but quite difficult if you are playing as the C-virus infected enemies. You control different versions of the zombies and J'avo, and can also control your J'avo after its Chrysalis mutation, allowing you the destructive power to wreak havoc in any way you choose.All in all, in a review that sounds very positive, I must wrap this up with the negatives.- Rather low replay value- Decent graphics, some texturing looks unfinished- Chock-full of cutscenes, long and short, many uneeded- Clunky control system- No pausing the game, at all (unless you're in co-op)- Very limited array of weaponry- Difficult to find ammo (but I suppose that is what you'd expect in an apocalypse)TL;DR it's kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. QTE. Don't buy it unless you want to experience vivid imagery of low-quality scares and body horror."
76561197980353692,Not Recommended,221040,13945685,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,DaxeR,Very bad
,Recommended,221040,2077399,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,{TGC}Fr33,RE6 is awesome addition to the franchise the game here caters to all the R.E fans from re2 and up the game has its jump scares but its all action packed chapters that are full of old and new enemys from across the re univerise. The story is solid hit too going off into 4 diffrent directions and it will leve a good taste in this game!!!!
76561198133587913,Recommended,221040,14000317,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,herbaferguson,love the graphics compared to my ps3 and gameplay is so smooth
76561197996860706,Recommended,221040,14003484,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Masterj,"I'm a fan of resident evil ever since playing the first one on ps1 years ago.This game is fun but has a lot of issues.Pros:- If you play every campaign (one character each) you can get about 25 hours of gameplay into it.- The story makes you come back to play to see the perspective of each set of characters as they progress through the main story.- Four perspectives on the main story (2 characters for set of 3 and one solo).- The story is what kept me playing.Cons:-  A decent computer can run this game at 60fps but you will still stutter at some points. This can get you killed.- Chris’s campaign is rushed and two boss fights are virtually impossible to beat without dying over 10 times. You have to race against the clock, fight the camera changing angles during those fights, and be perfect or die a lot.- Multiplayer is dead. As I type this I am at 24 hours and have been joined on three times with settings on worldwide joining. You will solo 90% of the time with a AI helper."
,Recommended,221040,14028803,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Doom Marine,Nothing better than getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you by a light falling from the ceiling.
76561198028567670,Not Recommended,221040,14017344,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Blue Ryd3r,"I had heard this game was bad.  It wasn't until I played it that I saw just had bad it was.  Capcom has found a way to make this game not fun to play.  The game retains the survival horror staple of limited resources (limited ammo and healing items) but with the bigger emphasis on action and shooting this becomes a detriment to the gameplay.  The game wants you to have big shooting battles with waves of enemies but doesn't give you the tools to accomplish this in a satisfactory manner.The game turns the action up to 11 at the start and stays there.  This becomes exhausting after awhile.  In many places enemies will constantly respawn in a never ending wave until you move forward to the next objective, syphoning your limited resources even further.Weapon Upgrading is gone.  Replaced with a skill 'perk' system that is not as satisfying and does not seem to affect game play in the positive in the slightest.  You can only have 3 active at a time.  After you beat one characters section you unlock the ability to switch between multiple sets of 3 different perks at any time but the game doesn't tell you this and it also makes you realize that limiting you to 3 active perks is pointless so why does the system even exist?Imagine Call of Duty with bad controls, wimpy guns and; if you can believe this, an incoherent and badly told story.  That is Resident Evil 6.  Get it on sale for $7 if you're a Resident Evil fan but don't you dare pay full price for this garbage."
76561198126318600,Recommended,221040,14022037,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Chanhae,ITs Scary thrilling
,Recommended,221040,7491227,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,SimpleFigment,"Considering the series this far, Resident evil 6 does a pretty good job of offering a pretty dynamic campaign, each one with different weapons, HUDs, and sizes of maps. Unlike 5, 6 does a pretty good job of trying to keep the horror element even though you are a party of 2. The story is told in an interesting fashion, and in such a way that diehard fans of the series won't be let down."
,Recommended,221040,15654243,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,s1lv1sh,"(some spoilers)Michael Bae, if he directed a game this would be it. Story doesn't make any sense, full of movie cliche, but action looks amazing.  It's starts wits explosion and now you runing away fom another explosion, now you crashing train in to some super zombie, now giant super zombie chasing you.. explosion again..Game's level's are highly detailed and from time to time it gets very atmospheric. It's looks great even by today's standarts.For story driven game most of the characters are quite dumb and have litle or no personality. AI is ok and your partner helps when needed and can stand for himself most of the time. Zombie variety is quite large and they act differently, so you have to change attack tactics. Gameplay wise it works well with ower the shoulder camera, when shooting heads or roundkicking some dude over the cliff.As for ugly side.. well, all the fun you could have get's molested by a**backwards control scheme  and quicktime events. My god this game has lot's of it. Most of the boss fight's cann't be finished without them.  O you think you get used.. here surprise one - missed.. too bad start over. On harder difficultie i can't mash buttons fast enough to fill the meter. Sounds bad, here even more - there are time based sections where game surprisigly takes away camera control, so you die running in to corner while some monsterr is chasing you. It's get ""better"" with wehicle section, wich controls like bucket sliding down from hill (although it's looks awesome).Verdict: recomended on sale, if zombie shooting and roundkicking, lots of explosions, big bad monster fights, all that in pretty cool looking levels matters more than horible control scheme and infuriating quicktime events."
,Recommended,221040,14789458,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,chair,"2 pinks and a fat; don't play on the highest difficulty, it will kill u"
,Recommended,221040,2016682,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,DrunkenShooter,"QTE galore, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice acting, plot made by person with shizophrenia and cheap enemies. Meet new RE6!"
,Recommended,221040,10860874,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BlackWolf,"A really good game from the RE franchise. Been following the series since RE1. The gameplay is good although the controls are quite 'sensitive' sometimes. It's a good thing that the targeting reticle can be change from the old fashion laser sight to a crosshair. You can change the colours too. Also, this game use the same mechanic as RE5 which is the partner system. Tired of playing with AI and want some challenge? Invite your friend to play co-op together and fight more crepy and deadly zombies. Friends are busy with their life? Don't worry. The AI system is quite good that you can have a perk to disallow them to help you, if you want. Overall, it is a good game. 8/10."
,Recommended,221040,6130636,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,RadioactiveRooster,"This game is totally underrated, it strays from the series usually survival-horror genre to a more third person shooter but it's still a great addition to the RE series. The added multiplayer modes just make the game even more fun. Sure it's a bit pricey but you'll get hours of zombie shooting fun out of it."
,Recommended,221040,11412868,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Vansü-,Nice Grafik and game
,Recommended,221040,10994398,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,hamza13537,Love this game!!! <3
,Recommended,221040,11247979,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Matt Wilson,"At first, I didn't like this game. The controls seemed overly-complicated, the story lines were somewhat lackluster, and the general atmosphere for some of the campaigns just didn't feel like 'Resident Evil' at all. So much has been done to this series since Resident Evil 5, and it kind of feels like Capcom wanted to shift directions for the series, so they ended up trying to make it like a Hollywood Blockbuster movie instead of a survival horror game as it should be, but that's an argument for another time.The campaigns are separated into Leon (Helena), Chris (Piers), Jake (Shelly) and Ada Wong's own campaign. There's a Mercenaries Mode which is 'okay' to an extent, but my own personal gripe is that there's not enough characters outside of the story mode (unlike RE5) and no one has their own signature music, which I miss. Other than that, I enjoy it, and the whole unlockable perks thing they have going on is kind of a hit and miss. It really depends on your taste; me personally, I enjoyed just buying and upgrading my weapons ala Resident Evil 4, though they could have done it in a way where you didn't need a merchant, but you could buy upgrades in between rounds and such, but again that's all just my preference. Instead, the game has you pick up these little Chess pieces that give you points, and you spend the points on corresponding perks, i.e. faster reloading, steady aim, critical shots, more stamina, etc. The builds you make with your perks carry with you through the story mode and mercenaries mode, respectively.As for the stories themselves, I'd say Leon's is the most accurate to the franchise, Jake's is somewhere in the middle if not entirely on it's own, and Chris' campaign I dislike the most, simply because it's this non-stop action fiesta and there's not enough 'horror' where their should be, but again that's just a personal gripe. As for the other DLC modes, I haven't played them yet because sadly there is a lack of an online community, so that's kind of a pitfall.Other than that, some of the level's set pieces are amazing, the graphics are on par with the current generation, and everything else is as it stands. I'm not too fond of the inventory system, but it lets you switch everything up on the fly without having to keep pausing the game everything you need to switch weapons. All in all it's still a fun game, it just lacks focus."
,Recommended,221040,4711262,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Sir Fuckalot,Really good game but the bosses are too much and too strong.
,Recommended,221040,11356363,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DevilHunterWolf,"I enjoy the Resident Evil series, but with any of the older games I've always thought: ""These controls are going to kill me."" This was the first game in the series that I felt I had some real control over my character. And given the kind of crazy mutations you can fight in this series, it's good to have that much control. Dodge, duck, dip, dive, and dodge. I had a little trouble with some of the choices they made for the keyboard and mouse, mainly the in game inventory menu was a pain to navigate during heated moments. Otherwise, I feel Capcom did a good job on the PC port. Aiming is laser targeting still, but at least I have the accuracy of a mouse to help me aim. Turn up the camera and aiming FOV in the settings and you won't have any trouble playing on a monitor.I know a lot of people hate this game because it's such a departure from the original games. But honestly, it's not too bad. There's a little bit in here for everyone. Leon has the classic zombie approach. Chris has an action approach. Jake has the constantly followed approach like with Nemesis or Mr X of the older titles. Ada has the puzzle approach. All of the campaigns can be played co-op or solo. Unlike other games where the AI partner is a bother or a frustrating escort mission, your AI partner stays out of trouble. They rarely die, they never run out of ammo, they never need your help. They're just an extra gun and stays out of your way. My only real complaint with the game is how the skills you can buy are almost a requirement. Until I got the Defense skill to reduce damage, I was constantly running out of health because the enemies otherwise do a ton of damage to you for simple bites.I played through all 4 campaigns with just the primary characters. Some day I'll go back and play through with the other characters to enjoy the weapons and other paths I get to try with them. I picked this up 75% off and I definitely feel I got my money's worth. With all 4 campaigns and a little dabbling with the Mercenaries mode, I clocked in about 27 hours worth of content. With a future playthrough with the 2nd characters, I could see another 20 hours added in. I went into this game expecting a Resident Evil action game. I got what I expected and I'm okay with that. If you like the world and characters that Resident Evil created and just want a fun action game, this fits the bill. Don't go into this expecting a horror game and you'll probably enjoy yourself."
76561198052855893,Recommended,221040,11370104,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,[CHN] 湘西蛮子,"Always like this series as before because i am RE fan. But even that, there still few of flaws i want to tell about it, actually two.1. TPS or Action Game: Some of my friends say too many fancy melee skills make this game like Assissan's Creed, some of my friends are exciting about various weapon set in game makes they feel like playing TPS, like Dead Space or sort of it.2. Confusing Control Setup: Funny is, after more than 167 hours play, i still need to review control instruction list from time to time if i leave it for a while time(usually few weeks or months). Simply say, too complicated and makes me hard to remember.Write down this review in English version just for my foreign language practice. So if you can't fully understanding what I say it, my apologise.Still try to get rid of my Chinglish :)"
76561197970718992,Recommended,221040,11444667,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ticks&Leeches,A love letter to american action movies and of course resident evil (the game). Any fan of the series will enjoy it.
,Recommended,221040,11275174,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Jaxtrasi,"This is an extraordinary game. Deeply and obvious flawed in many ways, but at the same time huge and lavish and varied."
,Recommended,221040,11278870,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mr.Reece,"So far the game is much better than it's metascore reviews.  Same good controls, some new very useful melee mechanics and zombies look cooler and have better death animations than in an previous game.  I'd give it at least an 8/10."
,Recommended,221040,11349755,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,TheDirtyCubeMan,Fun but I wasn't so interested or rather I couldn't take the story seriously. After RE5 the story kind of died out on me because of the rivaly between wesker and chris but thats not here anymore. Im the kind of person who likes a more serious tone from characters in the game. I mean they are staring into death itself and a majority of the times they act a bit to casual but thats just my opinion so dont take my word for it. Still fun so if you can play it give it a go.
76561198039228272,Recommended,221040,11148349,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Samos,"Terrible camera angles and wonky controls ruin an otherwise decent rail shooter. The 4 campaigns are an interesting twist on the overall storytelling. Sadly I feel like this game was a severe downgrade from RE4 and RE5. Overall I would say the game is worth it if you can catch it on sale, otherwise stay away from it."
,Recommended,221040,11159666,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,bwfshakenblake,I personally love resident evil and the series has had a great run but this time they have spent to much time on action and less on survival horror. So far you can leave Leons campaign out of this because it is the best one in the game. Chris and Jakes however are based on a lot of shootouts and I mean A LOT. But all in all its a good game and its fun to play with your friends. Me and my friend have played for a year or so now and we enjoyed every part of it and there is so much to do so much you have missed that you have to back and keep playing to find those secrects over all I would give this game a 7.7/10
,Recommended,221040,12318349,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Luke,"truly innovative game design that not only makes the main characters nigh unkillable, but the bosses too10/10"
,Recommended,221040,12325919,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,nothing will be forgotten,
76561198044071632,Recommended,221040,12126535,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,cheekyphuzz777,"Don't play this game with hopes of playing a ""Resident Evil"" game.  It's not scary, tank controls are gone, and it has been nearly 20 years since the first game in the franchise has been released.  Ignore the negative reviews if you want to play a fun action/shooter game.  I've played this game countless times on the consoles, and I can honestly say that the PC version is the best.  It's a fun game overall, and it plays fantastic with the mouse & keyboard.  Also, Leon drives!"
76561198086414172,Recommended,221040,12129176,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Doomguy123,Love the Mercs mode
76561198127783835,Recommended,221040,12114807,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,andysim3d,"This is really a fantasy game, especially for those resident evil fans. But! It's pretty hard to play, and will take you lots time to adept to it."
,Recommended,221040,12115995,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,ayerrin,
76561198092971218,Recommended,221040,16501180,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,ClingClangBoom,It's a good action game..
,Recommended,221040,16479297,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Levantine1978,"Resident Evil 6 is an ambitious, yet flawed entry into the long lived series. It tries a lot of things with varying success, but it nails the most important aspect: Fun. Gone are the days of controlling a lumbering, tank-like hero who can't see around corners. You can punch a zombie in the face, then use a weapon its already impaled with to finish the job. Ever wanted to use wrestling moves on a zombie? Swinging neckbreakers all around.While Resident Evil 6 is far from its roots, it does a good job of injecting tons of atmosphere into the proceedings. There are lots of callbacks to earlier games in the series for fans who have stuck with it. It's a gorgeous game with tons of replayability and a campaign that's an absolute blast when played co-op. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,221040,16490056,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,hex,0/10 for a Resident Evil game9.5/10 for a decent action 3rd person shooter.
76561198104181419,Recommended,221040,16492271,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,WarmTears,"You're very mobile in this game compared to the other Resident Evils in terms of dodging and sliding which is frequently used and useful.  The story line is split up according to which character you choose to play, thus making you play the rest of the characters to understand the entire situation.  The Multiplayer-mode is fun but as of now on PC and 2015 review, it's not very active; You only have a chance of playing a few Mercenaries mode and Agent Hunt mode.  The rest of the DLCs is not worth to buy.  Otherwise their is always Co-op up to play.  If you're a Resident Evil fan, you shouldn't be dissappointed although I bought mine for only $9 and with the DLCs, a little over $11."
76561198026808413,Recommended,221040,16458497,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,XFX,good
,Recommended,221040,13483036,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,lwliamwalker,"Better than RE5, with a unique format for the story. Still waiting for a return to the horry roots though...."
,Recommended,221040,13473560,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,J_ToSaveTheDay,"Resident Evil 6 by no means achieves any sort of medium-pushing greatness at any point, but there its set of mechanics is capable of coming together to create a perfectly serviceable and sometimes-compelling action game. However, RE6 does completely fall flat as a survival-horror game, and its multiple campaigns are mostly awkwardly-paced and poorly-written, and the game tends to generally lack a consistent atmosphere or mood that made the earlier entries in the franchise famous. The game tends to achieve its highest points in its bonus and periphery modes (Mercenaries, specifically), where the player is afforded a lot more freedom to use all of the action mechanics at once. The interplay between shooting and melee, dodging and spacing, performing counterattacks, and utilizing environmental familiarity all gels together to be a pretty dang fun action game from time to time. None of these particular mechanics are best-in-genre or even the greatest available in the larger medium of contemporary videogames, but the combination available to the player feels pretty unique to RE6. However, it feels as if the vast majority of content in the game doesn't ever demand the player to utilize the full array of RE6's mechanics at any time. The 4 campaigns feel like they attempt to highlight different distinctive moods and playstyles, and it comes with the cost of sacrificing that interesting and unique interplay of mechanics that RE6 houses under its hood in order to match whatever arbitrary ""feel"" each campaign strives to achieve. In setting up its separate campaigns this way, it also feels like the game fails to communicate clearly the amount of options the player has during combat sequences, and its unfortunate, because it took me a long time to even realize some of the options I had when it came to evading certain attacks, performing counterattacks, and the variety of movement and spacing options available. It feels like the game barely just tries to set itself up as RE5 with move-and-shoot, but it actually contains a lot more nuance than that.With that said, RE6 is far from perfect, but it sometimes shines during a few moments sprinkled throughout its huge campaign offerings, and Mercenaries is a nice highlight of the game's distinctive action game feel that can be revisited either casually or hardcore. For anyone that's looking to experience a somewhat unique action title, I personally recommend it, but I understand that it won't carry universal appeal due to its largely incohesive design. If you're an action fan and have played all of the action game darlings (Devil May Cry 4, DmC: Devil May Cry, and Metal Gear Rising get my nods), you might not be too bad off grabbing RE6 on sale and approaching it as an action game. Even more power to you if you can convince a buddy to play cooperative with you.SCORE: 6/10"
,Recommended,221040,13729084,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Winter,"I am going to split the game review into 3 separate sections. Because this game is obviously developed by 3 different teams on the same engine. Each team designated to develop 1 story chapter.Leon/ Helena: (Zombie)- This campaign story starting until the final boss is the best piece of combination from Resident Evil 1 - Resident Evil 4.- The atmosphere is awesome, the GCI is epic, the ending is classic.- Unsettled love of Ada and Leon.- The enemy zombies are smart and deadly. The base defending mode is exciting.Campaign Rating  9/10Chris/ Piers: (J'avo)- This campaign is a piece of crap, too many running.- The character put a few efforts in the beginning, but at the end they close this game by forcing you run.- Yes, the final few chapters force you to run and run and run, no shooting, just run and you couldn't make it in time you are dead.- The GCI cut-scene is badly done, the characters look awkward. (please refer to the starting bar scene)- You'll discover yourself shooting a lot of SUV, Tanks and Helicopters most of the time instead of Javo.- A gay brotherhood endingCampaign Rating  4/10Jake/ sherry: (J'avo)- This campaign is like playing Resident Evil 3 being chased by a Nemesis whole time, but the name is Ustanak (they are pretty much the same).- The developer combined the feel of the vehicle running scene of Resident Evil 4 and 5 into this campaign.- This campaign is pretty much like a standard Hollywood movie-  They introduce the new character Jake and tried very hard to make him looks like a badass.Campaign Rating 7/10No comment on the Ada Wong part, because it's extra.Overall (7/10). It is a good game and you just want to skip Chirs campaign, trust me ;-)"
,Recommended,221040,3022663,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,アז¡εى†,These damn QTEs happen too bloody quickI'm tired of shaking the analogue stickIf the camera keeps jerking i'm gonna be sickSO HAMMER THE BUTTONS AND WIGGLE THE STICKS!!HAMMER THE BUTTONS AND WIGGLE THE STICKS!!
,Recommended,221040,19456,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Rifter,"Occasionally a victim of its own hyperactive pacing, Resi 6 nevertheless sports fantastic core gameplay and jaw dropping production values. The uncommonly robust multiplayer suite includes full campaign co-op, the ability to allow for adversarial campaign play and two flavors of Resident Evil's famous mercenaries mode.The critics were wrong about this one - Just make sure to go in with some foreknowledge of the controls or you might come away just as befuddled."
76561198023006605,Recommended,221040,13794224,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Pitch,"The action in this game doesn't get enough credit. The fluid way you can dodge, roll around on the ground, fall backwards away from a grab, all add up to depth. Combat becomes involved because now you're processing how to handle not only the enemy in front of you, but the series of them in the rear.It's definitely true the sheer amount of QTE (quicktime events) come across as unnecessary, but you manage through them and they don't break the game. I also think the cover-mechanic could use some work, and it's needed heavily in the Chris Redfield campaign.This is a incredibly enjoyable co-op experience. I play this game couch co-op, split screen. The ""No Mercy"" Mercenaries Mode is definitely the highlight after the campaign is over, and the reason I keep coming back to this game."
76561198044750033,Recommended,221040,13851637,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Saka™,"Not as good as Resident Evil 4 (then agian, what is?). Still a crap tonne better than that mess people call Resident Evil 5. Just more of that cheesy, over the top, zombie shooting action from Capcom, who can say no to that?8/10"
76561198065825224,Recommended,221040,13859693,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,goku_sensei_666,"this game is fun period and that's the idea of playing a game. If you can't get past the hardcore fanboyism (yes the originals were great I love them too) don't buy it but If you want to play a fun and challenging 3rd person shooter with a lot of action, one of the best netcodes there is and that has a lot of game modes then I fully recommend this game.F.Y.I. If you love left 4 dead 2 you'll enjoy playing mercenaries mode which features playable Ellis, Nick, Coach and Rochelle as well as the witch, tank and other enemies in this game mode. :D"
,Recommended,221040,3825035,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Sir Rodrigues,This game will smash your Zombie Apocalypse fantasies.
,Recommended,221040,13719117,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,N.,Overall a good game with a nice story line :)
,Recommended,221040,13725600,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Remedy,"Shoots body in the head lying on the ground, nothing happens. Walk past the body you just shot, jumps up and eats you. GG/10"
,Recommended,221040,13727415,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheFatWilly,Still a good game in my eyes
,Recommended,221040,13727674,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Root@Xallim,"Its pretty decent, not its no resident evil 4.."
,Recommended,221040,13678010,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,pkt77,"Directed by Michael Bay. Seriously, Resident Evil 6 has more explosions/crashes/things falling down than all Resident Evil's combined, and I don't think I'm exaggerating. At first I hated it when I bought it on Xbox 360 the day it came out, but I bought it on PC for $13 (with DLC) and gave it a second chance. I still have some bad feelings about the game, but overall it is an amazing game. It contains 4 campains with 5 chapters each, taking about 1-2 hours to complete each chapter. This hit me right in the childhood, as it unites a bunch of characters from past Resident Evil's.The only thing I really hate is the skills that replaced gun upgrades. The skills are kind of useless, I couldn't notice a difference they say they make.I say buy it on sale, as it's not completely worth it's full price, especially with the DLC that should be in the full game anyway."
,Recommended,221040,13679664,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tasty,"forty 2 mins in and leon keeps running into a truck. All I hear isp ""LEON"" and ""RUN"" and I have to watch osama bin laden crash jets over and over. I could keep watching this scene over and over and call it a freaking micheal bay movie. Yeah I know I saide his name wrong I CAN'T BACKspaCE ON THIs COMUTER AND I HAVE TO KEEs ON GETTING COpY AND pastes from WHERE IT sAYs ""isp"" IN THIs REVEIW BECAUsWE MY s and p key DON'T WORK>"
,Recommended,221040,1070021,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Dark Thespian*,"This is an odd one.  The best way to describe this would be to call it a fun, possibly even good game, but a terrible Resident Evil.  Throw all...ok, most...of the horror elements out the window, and make something even more action-oriented than RE5 and you get this.  If you hate QTEs, stay away, as this game has some extremely frustrating ones that would be easy IF it was clear what the game wanted you to do.  The combat/gameplay itself is fine, and the AI isn't the retard that it was in 5.  Mercs mode is a blast.  Game itself is short, but there's four intertwining campaigns and a bunch of stuff to unlock.  Would suggest a buddy for this."
,Recommended,221040,7380108,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Tudy,It's sick  playing co-op campaign with a friend!
,Recommended,221040,12908215,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Nezorf,"I am one of the fans of RE series. RE series usually are horror games but this one difference. It's kinda like action game. Even though the game lack of horror part, the game itself is pretty good. Good story, better combat system, play time is much longer, much more cut scenes and great CO-OP game. Almost all of the reviews that Not Recommended this game are fans of the RE series who can't bare to see RE6 become an action game. So do not believe them this game is great and worth buying i can guaruntee it. And for those who do not like this game and want some horror games please go play RE  revelations series instead. Also if you are really a fan of RE series STOP DISCREDIT THIS GAME."
76561198099836913,Recommended,221040,12881146,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,john.1983,Hectic game
,Recommended,221040,12108865,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,BloodNDeception,"Great game, love the characters & story. Stronger than most people tend to mention, but this game is pretty enjoyable. There are many different aspects to the game which is always interesting, especially all the different story point of views, which I personally love to death because it shows how the writers did put a bit of thought into the sotry. This is a game I would love to replay hands down."
76561198074422396,Recommended,221040,12100679,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Yang Xiao Long,Looking for a friend to play with ;_;
76561198000091925,Recommended,221040,1945543,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Valkyrie_PF[KOR],불만은 좀 있는데 그래도 할만한건 할만하지.....친구랑 같이하셈 인공지능끼워서 하면 멘붕임인공지능이 좋을때는 단 하나 도주이벤트.....
,Recommended,221040,12796093,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Chug,"A guys lower half turned into a moth and tried to fly away, while the upper half was flopping around shooting an uzi everywhere. Loved it"
76561198138930549,Recommended,221040,12914939,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,KyKiske,"Leon compain 6/10 the story was very boring, and captain obvios was siting on the shoulder all the way.Cris compain 3/10 this one reminded me of a cheep console shooter made for a holywood movie. I realy hope to not see that in next RE.Afther Cris compain I was very dissapointed in this RE game and I thoght that Jake was going to be even worse, but I give it a try and it blew my mind ^_^. you wont see a horor game in this one, like it was in RE4 and the ones before. But the story was very kewl, the characters surprised some times (afther the Leon compain I thoght it would be all the same).so overal 7/10oh yeah.... I hope the Ada compain won`t dissapoint. still didn`t play that one."
,Recommended,221040,3435989,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Mufausa The 3rd,First thing to point out. It's not exactly survival horror. But does that mean that it's a bad game. HELL NO! It's a very fun game with alot of content pack inside of it. I've only played two out of the 4 campaigns and I have over 20 hours playtime right now. Play the game on Professional for the first time with a friend and you will definitely enjoy the game.
76561198003464651,Recommended,221040,2173365,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Hajin',"It was not what the "" ... fans "" were waiting for, but screw them. RE6 is one of the best action games ever made. The gameplay is rock solid, story is cool, characters believable and bad♥♥♥♥♥(Piers Nivans !!) and to top it all off : The game is HHUUUUUUGE !! You'll not finish it in 6 hours believe me. And the Mercenaries mode is one the most addictive mode ever.Just play it for what it is : an almost perfect action game. You can get your "" survival horror "" fix elsewhere."
76561198024035942,Recommended,221040,3515549,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,ЖNameless,YES FOR THE MERCENARIES MOD!!!
76561198051530081,Recommended,221040,10919085,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Athy,"I have only played through the tutorial and 2 chapters of Leon's story, while the aiming mechanics need a little work, I have to admit this is one of the most visually beautiful games I've seen in a long time. (even though I'm sure this has been out for a fair amount of time.)While many people have given the Resident Evil franchise a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥over the years about their games as they progressed, I can't honestly complain about anything other than the aiming. Quick time events - brilliant. Fast paced and keeps you on your toes. The tutorial left me pretty mind blown - I seriously can't even explain it to you. You'll have to play it yourself."
76561198008807459,Recommended,221040,10920606,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kris_absolution,"By far the best resi game since 2, the resi four engine with the guts of the series origins. Can't recommend it enough, ignore the reviews"
76561198085323467,Recommended,221040,10897154,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mangotango.lipz27,"Resident evil is by far the best game i ever played , i love it! the graphics are good , its challenging . Really freaky ,but not boreing :)"
76561197970519761,Recommended,221040,420990,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,D4CR33P3R,"This game is the best RE of the new generation of RE. 100 times better than re5 and re4. It's a kickback to the good old days (re1,2,3). Definitely surprised me how good it is, and restored my faith in the series."
76561198111546032,Recommended,221040,10994066,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Creepy,so so
76561198042806117,Recommended,221040,4880253,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,exjason,"To Me this game is very underappreciated. A lot of people believe this game to be Worthless and stupid because of either the Prelude or Because it can not compare to Resident Evil 1-3. All I can say Is to at least give the game a good try instead of Judging it based on a Chapter or Two and at least give all the modes a good try. It is a bit depressing that there really isnt any Multiplayer Games on Any of the DLCS but that is understandable Since it came out first on Console and even the DLC came out earlier there. If you Don't like this game as a Resident Evil game then Don't think of it as one! For what it's Worth this game is very fun and amazing once you get used to the game's controls and annoying Quick time events(Which aren't all that bad). The huge variety of Enemies For the Zombies and J'avo impressed me and I especially loved the J'avo's mutations. The game's Graphics to me are very good and well done but some could be redone cause of constant Flickering(Such as Pier's Hair at certain times). The DLC modes to me are all Good but I would never want to play Survivors for it's concept(Agent vs Agent). There are a few annoying sequences in the game but those quickly dissolve afterwards. I would at least suggest trying One whole campaign before you rate the game itself as Each campaign has differant aspects to it. For what it's Worth this game amazed and to me Will always be good. I suggest this to anyone who has a ""Free mind"" and can get passed the fact that Resident Evil is no longer a Survival Horror type of game."
,Recommended,221040,13242643,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,KillsForCookies,Great fun with a friend / ok by yourself.
,Recommended,221040,13170580,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,(alex) fidget߷gargoyle,"They fixed Mercenaries, and the fact that you can play as Left 4 Dead characters is Icing on the cake.I would just pick up this game for Mercenaries.Wish that they would upscale more of the textures. Shadows look really bad also."
,Recommended,221040,13192232,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Phantom,One of my favorite Horror/Action games yet!I absolutely love the franchise (Although I'm waiting to see when Rebecca Chambers or Billy return from Resident Evil: 0.)You get to play through a variety of Characters and play different storylines which do infact cross.Such an amazing game to play!You may enjoy it yourself!
,Recommended,221040,13192402,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,BlacKnight,Runs very well on my Windows 8.1 without any errors.
,Recommended,221040,13179914,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Steve Rogers,"this game cannot compare with the old series game. if start this like a new game, it is a ver nice game, a nice action shooting game"
76561198017211295,Recommended,221040,13181434,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,kenshin_trigger,"Now that its been patched up since its release, I actually rescind a lot of what I said about it before. RE6 isn't all that bad. Certianly doesn't play like a proper Resident Evil game, its more like an action movie like 5 was, but its good and pretty balanced. If I wanna play a more classic RE game I'd go to RE; Revelations. Objectively, this is a good and fun game and after playing through atleast 1 and 1/2 of the storylines availible, I can say I enjoy it. The writing is the usual RE campiness, and while not really scary like the classic ones, its a legitimately fun play with its awesome moments.Honestly, I'd really like to see them apply this combat style of gameplay to something like Dino Crisis, if Capcom ever remembers they own that series."
,Recommended,221040,13110608,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,WidowmakeR,Great with friends!
76561197974643723,Recommended,221040,13116753,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,pvcamp,2 player co-op game.  Alot of fun and plenty of gameplay.  Maybe 40 hours worth unless you just pound stright thru.  The various story lines cross eachother which is cool.  This was a fun 2 player game so if you like co-op games with 1 friends this is worth getting.
76561198089834160,Recommended,221040,7167823,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,She is Aroused,French Kissing Zombies 10/10
76561198050746712,Recommended,221040,5495896,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,nydinh,this game is fun.... co-op is amazing..
,Recommended,221040,14120014,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Akira,It's pretty alright.
76561198003229200,Not Recommended,221040,14129371,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pikathulhu,"So far, this game bears little resemblance to Resident Evil (i.e. Survival Horror) and is more like any generic 3rd person action shooter that happens to use Green Herbs for healing and has awful controls and camera. I'll keep playing because I was dumb enough to buy it when it was on sale, and update if things improve."
,Not Recommended,221040,13918346,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Mao,"Pretty disappointed with this entry in the RE series. Didn't like the combat in this game. The enemies are bullet sponges and you always seem to have too little ammo. There are several times in the game where I ran out of ammo and ran circles around the enemies to allow time for my AI partner to kill them for me. A bunch of moves are not explained and I had to look them up. Entering into cover is a hassle since you have to be aiming to allow for the cover prompt to pop up.I didn't finish the game (finished Leon's campaign and did most of Chris'). However, I didn't like how the game recycled a bunch of moments between the campaigns. I like the idea of parallel campaigns but thought the execution here was poor. It had a lot of promise too since you get to play as Leon, Ada, and Not Wesker."
76561198074168956,Recommended,221040,18873651,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,s3xRUSH,"I love it.. Leon kicking♥♥♥♥♥ Chris emotional as ♥♥♥♥, its different from previous RE ( I know many don't agree with this direction but come on, capcom is trying y'all)I give it 8/10!"
,Recommended,221040,18870503,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,LunaLuvsU,"I'd suggest this game for those who are looking to play with your friends or family.The co-op was pretty fun :)- There are some parts in the game where they have really annoying camera angles that I rage quit for a bit(Boss Running away level underwater-Chris's Campaign)Took a while but managed to pass =.= Can sometimes be difficult on keyboard and mouse,strongly suggest to play this on controller.-Also the downloadable costumes for the characters,wish they would implement that into the campaign not just on Mercenaries. :/ Ada wong in a cheongsam though what a bae (｡♥‿♥｡)- There were some bugs but not that too noticeable there was:1.Chris's campaign again. Running away from the boss,the boss slapped off the platforms and i should have died then but i was floating on the air while the boss carried on slapping off platforms <_<''2. Ada wong -The agent can't interact with doors or puzzles.Despite all this, I personally enjoyed the game alot. (｡♥‿♥｡)"
76561198001365001,Recommended,221040,18869732,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Grasshopper,I had fun with this one. Resident Evil meets Rashomon :)
,Recommended,221040,18870023,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Grimly (its meh or you are...)?,"Simple, many ways to take, many possible finales, many bullets to shot. RE6 nicely. Uh"
,Recommended,221040,18941195,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Fen,"The main, and probably only noteworthy, problem with Resident Evil 6 is that it tries to do a lot of things without doing anything of it particularly good. It has a lot of problems, but it isn't a bad game by any means.Could put off people new to the franchise.Despite all the ugly textures, uninspired level design, clunky cover mechanics and strange fixation on quick time events, if only for the well paced, yet a little awkward, story, excellent cinematography and lengthy, about 20-hour-long campaign, Resident Evil 6 remains strangely entertaining."
,Recommended,221040,18798714,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Darude Stormbringer,ใช้ได้เลย บรรยกาศตอนแรกได้มาก แต่หลังๆมันบู๊ไปหน่อยซื้อราคานี้มาเล่นก็ถือว่าคุ้มมากเนื้อเรื้องเล่นได้หลายชั่วโมงอยู่ ไม่ต้องคอยห่วงบอทเหมือนภาค 5 ด้วยมันไม่มีวันตาย แต่หาเพื่อนเล่นดีที่สุด
76561198105795114,Recommended,221040,18878170,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Aceskyler,"I have always been a huge fan of the Resident Evil series. In my opinion one of the best stories to follow when it comes to a zombie torn world. No matter what story you follow, there is always a connection to another event that the audience has experienced at one point or will in the future. Compared to other titles of the brain eating echelon, RE has a sense of realism to its nature. That is why I believe that this instalment definitely lives up to the name."
76561198258260015,Recommended,221040,18886772,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,LostWay,"Fortunatly,I found such a exciting game.Though sometimes it makes me feel bad,but the truth is I'd grown fond of it.Its image is one of the most attractive to me,Leon is also the key to attract me.All in all,playing this game is my legendary decision."
,Recommended,221040,14740333,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,JJL Company,"This game gets heavily criticized as a game that loses its roots to Resident Evil.This game has its flaws when using keyboard as the Quicktime Events are very unpredictable in terms of the Keyboard usage in which I though Resident Evil 5 done much better.If you can ignore the Resident Evil title and think of this game as an action zombie shooter, It's a really good game."
,Recommended,221040,4559748,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,- ̗̀Dapper Milez ̖́-,I know I know what they done in the past I say they made up for in this game it's really well made the game play awesome though Co-op.... bring a friend it's hard to find anyone that still doing the story but non the less worth checking out though...... here is my Minus in this game.... WHY DO WE NEED TO PAY EXTRA FOR EXTRA GAME MODES!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,221040,2074188,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Ryokyon?,Guys. RE6. On sale. Cards. ♥♥♥♥ the haters. Get it.
,Recommended,221040,14929511,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Kronos9294,"If your a resident evil fan, then you need to get this. just to see your favorite characters. other then that, i will admit the controls arent ideal and the multiplayer is completely empty. which surprises me because RE5 is still alive and kicking."
76561197962313705,Recommended,221040,117550,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,NEG|-slic[db],zombies
,Recommended,221040,14944260,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Rosaire,"Despite it being terrible, I had a lot of fun in co-op. Most of our time was spent laughing at the story and poor game design. The gunplay system should have been in another game, but it really is fun to play around with. Mercenary mode is also fun to jump into every now and then.RE6 tries to do many things, and mostly falls on its face. Grab a friend, jump into co-op, and have a good laugh."
,Recommended,221040,4107427,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,FRONK L'EMURS,Its not a terrible game.
,Recommended,221040,14923640,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ShXIII,"Resident Evil 6 (PC) Single-player: Just finished this at 22 hours total game-time. Overall I enjoyed it but Capcom has seriously butchered the RE series with both 5 and 6. They really need to go back to their survival horror roots, there is no sense of mood or atmosphere anymore in these games. Ran great on PC with no crashes with max settings, controls were fine for KB/M, FOV view sucked but thanks to Flawless Widescreen it was easily fixed.Leon campaign: best one in my opinion, too much action and QTEsChris campaign: by far the worst, way too much action and QTEs which sucks because he as always been one of my favorite RE characters.Jake campaign: good, too much action and QTEs (seeing a pattern here?) I thought Jake was an awesome addition to the RE castAda campaign: short filler material but fun and yes too much action and QTEsIf you have played any of the past RE games you can appreciate all the different ""nostalgia"" they tried to throw into each campaign but always came up way short of the original games. Anyways if you are a fan of RE give it a shot. If you disliked RE5 then you won't like it."
76561198023491401,Recommended,221040,13710977,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,MR_SERENITY,its ok the controles can be a bit confusing but it is beautifully made it is however in my mind the weakest RE game made to date
,Recommended,221040,252392,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,LuMiZoiD,"Although i finished only one campaign out of the four, the story was really good.  I did not like the large amount of button action sequences.  They kind of eliminate the full potential of the gameplay capabilities.  It does deviate a bit from the old original Resident Evil series with a lot more action involved.  I would prefer the old ways, but that's just me.  Overall I would rate 7/10."
76561198047206294,Recommended,221040,5269666,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Чурч_HELL_a_23,!!!!!!
,Recommended,221040,14291405,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,My Black Ass,Holla Holla. Get a dolla.
,Recommended,221040,14293275,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,lightae1,"For a Resident Evil Saga game, it has everything you spect. Regardless the dificulty or the AI, the game is MUCH BETTER than the previous one. Excellent!"
76561197987911254,Recommended,221040,1150934,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,JhonJuego,definitivamente la saga de RE me encanta y este RE es uno de los mejores  que he jugado  en mi vida
,Recommended,221040,13035763,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Ahote,"I like this game a lot despite its flaws here and there. If you have a friend to play with, you can't go wrong. The length of the game is nothing short of astonishing in this day and age."
,Recommended,221040,13296682,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Butterz,gg
,Recommended,221040,13451923,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Seanzie Apples,Not as good as some of the previous games but stll fun.
,Recommended,221040,13630171,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,MeanderingBeing,"Resident Evil 6 is just one of those games you hate to love, and love to hate. While the RE4-6 series is a departure from the series' roots, it is still an enjoyable experience from a run-n-gun point of view, RE6 being the strongest entry in the game series' current evolution. That being said, there are many flaws which can turn an otherwise great experience into a practice of frustration and tedium.RE6 makes for a solid third person shooter game. While the weapons do not have a realistic feel (nor do they attempt to give that impression), they behave in a way where it really doesn't matter. The gunplay is solid, with everything behaving as it should (with the exception of the hydra, being a 10ga sawn off, I'd expect a LOT more power than it actually offers). Knives and melee attacks do not make for insta-kills, introducing a dynamic of risk vs conservation.Content in RE6 is FAR from lacking. The game has possibly hundreds of hours of gameplay with the MANY gamemodes offered (most of which I haven't even tried yet, admittedly), and fun side stuff to explore such as notes, figures, and backstory for down time between play throughs. Said content is also well thought out and very polished, making for a very eenjoyable experience throughout.Models and lighting (especially the wet-look shine) are superb, though the textures are a bit lacking in the resolution department. Then again, what can you expect from a console port?That being said, this IS a console port, and it shows. Some of the controls (especially for the much loathed QTEs, or Quick Time Events) are finnicky at best, and maddening at worst, and the default binding layout is borderline insane and will frustrate any PC veteran. Then again, the developers did try to bridge the gap, and offer a lot of features that PC vets will love such as FOV settings and some control over the graphic settings.On the note of the QTEs... Yes, they are possibly THE most annoying things in gaming besides BSODs and CTDs. For me, they ruin the experience and many players will agree. That being said, there IS an option where the game completes them for you, eliminating a lot of the frustrating nonsense that ruins an otherwise awesome experience. Unfortunately, I have noticed that if a player joins your game who does not have the feature activated, it will force you to complete the QTEs as if you had the feature turned off as well. While I suppose this makes sense as it will prevent players from having an unfair advantage over others, it's frustrating as you cannot control who can and cannot join your game.Players joining, both as friendlies and enemies, can make the game even more fun, however it can also be the one thing, besides QTEs, that ruins the experience entirely. You can either make your game public, limit it to friends, or go solo, and thats it. You cannot set any preference for Mic or no Mic, QTEs, skill level, etc. Furthermore, there is no kick option, forcing you to leave your own game if you're stuck with an incompetent/trollish teammate, or enemies that would rather use exploits to get their kills. This issue is further exacerbated by the huge distance between hard-save points (there is a soft-save system of checkpoints which are lost as soon as you end a session) which can cause you to lose up to an hour of gameplay when you leave the game. Furthermore, the lack of a mute option when dealing with Hot Mic (never turning their mic off, or players who play in absurdly noisey environments, or players who are eight-year-olds) players can be just as maddening.When it comes down to it, Resident Evil 6 is a great game. I would strongly advise playing with people you know and work well with though, as this game is strongly geared towards a cooperative playstyle, and bad players can ruin the experience. Grab it while its on sale, and you won't be sorry."
76561198061912207,Recommended,221040,19643679,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,CastleZ,A good coop game. Difference style play in difference character. I really like it.
76561198107286009,Not Recommended,221040,14065289,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Egg Sheeran,"The uninstall button works, sometimes.."
76561198048373223,Recommended,221040,5352391,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,MSB,"i think this is one of my Favorite resident evil Series the story is so spectacular and i like the idea they lined all the 4 group in one story that was an epic and Ofcourse every group has his own Unique Experience the most thing i like is the co op for me its everything , so yeah i recommended this game."
76561197967283301,Recommended,221040,272584,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Mntainwlkr,"The first chapter with Leon is great, like the older stuff, but after that it all goes down hill. I couldn't even complete the game."
76561198000644658,Recommended,221040,1987978,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Scriggleton,I recommend this game because of the kung fu. The melee combat in this game is out-of-control hilarious
76561198006893472,Recommended,221040,2406798,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Fear2288,"Honestly I can't justify why this game got the lukewarm reception it did. A negative commonality between most critic and gamer reviews has been focused on how the game strays from being survival horror. The truth is though that Resident Evil has not fit that genre since 1999's Resident Evil 3 - Nemesis (as far as the main series is concerned). That being said critics and fans have had nearly a decade to either accept this new direction or simply walk away from the franchise.With that said, if you're looking for an actual survival horror game you might want to look elsewhere. As a more action-oriented horror/sci-fi title however you can't really do much better than this game right here.RE6 gives you four campaigns that each feature their own characters and story-lines (which tie into the main story arc) as well as gameplay styles that, for the most part, are different from one another. Three of the four allow the player to choose between two playable characters in singleplayer mode or allows for online co-op play. In addition, three of those campaigns will take you on average five to eight hours to complete with the final taking somewhere between two or three. Add it up and you've got a game that can take you upwards of seventeen hours to finish.There are some issues with the game though. While each campaign has its own series of events, most of them share some common locations and you'll feel like you're playing through the same thing each time during certain areas just with a different character. Also I found that Chris' campaign lacked in some parts. Clearly his campaign is intended to be more third person shooter-based but the cover system is a little wonky (though MUCH better than the one in Operation Raccoon City) and I found myself running out of ammo way too often. Beyond these two gripes the only other negative aspect worth mentioning is that the main story can be a little confusing sometimes despite seeing it from four different perspectives. Hunting down the break-able symbols (thus unlocking info files) certainly helps but there definitely needed to be a little more clarity.Overall RE6 is actually a pretty good game. It might have completely stripped most of things that made the franchise the definitive survival horror experience it was but if you can look past that you'll find an enjoyable experience."
76561198007101562,Recommended,221040,2422278,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,Drenix,"Other then its ill timed quick time events, anoying times when you want to run but the game says otherwise and up close pixelated onscreen muck.... its still a pretty fun game with a great coop.Give it 8.3 out of 10"
,Recommended,221040,2469593,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Cocaine Biceps,Ignore the reviews game is Legit. Worth the 40 I paid.
,Recommended,221040,6903621,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,JasonRy8,"Screw the haters, screw comparing RE6 to any of the previous entries. The previous games pushed for what RE6 is now. Horror gone global! The game is good and damn fun in its own right. Sucks the preorder bonuses are done now, but even still, the game is damn good for the money. 4 Campaigns for 40 bucks plus extra content which especially is Mercenaries Mode? Hell Yeah. Sure there have been quite a few big bugs but they have been adressed so most of the issues should be fine. Sure there are few weak points of the game that do put players who use keyboard and mouse at a disadvantage but even so, they are douable. you just have to find a way to deal with it. The game gets an 8/10 from me! Great game and may the future of RE be bright!"
76561198031147097,Recommended,221040,4039652,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,LozZou,NICE GAME !!!
,Recommended,221040,8607251,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Shampuck,its fun on multiplayer ^_^
,Recommended,221040,10306608,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,OturanArtist,It's a fun co-op game. If you don't have a friend to play this with then I wouldn't recommend this.
,Recommended,221040,10336361,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,SleazyHunterX,"Ok, so all I can say is that this game is OK, just that. It is no Resident Evil 2 or 4, so as an RE game...IT FAILS, but as a standalone game, it is just OK. Leon's campaign was the highlight of this game and this game did have its moments, although very few, but I was able to play through for the most part. I would only recommend if this game is below $10 as I paid no more than $12 for the complete edition during a sale."
,Recommended,221040,7516595,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Winkbell,wow pil i have it
76561197995239792,Recommended,221040,1599350,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,SlingBlade,"This game is underrated.There is no other way to say it. The fans attacked this game right off the bat and have subsequently abandoned it.That being said, this is not for the fans who I presume will not listen to anything I have to say. This is for the curious gamer who is looking for a fun zombie-survival-action game to play with a friend.First and foremost, this is not a survival horror game (nor have any of the numbered REvils ever been) but an evolution of the original game concept that has been present in all the numbered games.It is highly action oriented, designed more to get your heart racing than scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. There are no supernatural gimmicks or creepy solos through mansions here. You are fighting a war against bio-terrorism, and you are losing.What is perhaps most ironic about this game is that it follows the formula of the popular movies, and yet has received such heavy attacks for doing just that while actually being better than any of the movies could ever hope to be.The characters are more memorable, developed better, and even more likeable to the point where you actually care when one of them dies. The gameplay is solid 3rd-person with the exception of camera steal happening when they want to show you a particular sequence.One complaint I've heard is that the game makes it too easy for you. I don't know what difficulty these people have been playing on, but the game is not easy, you will die quite a bit and not simply because a quicktime event got you but because the enemies will overwhelm or overrun you.Perhaps the most interesting thing I've found in this game is that no two characters (with the exception of the Generic Agent Man) play quite like any of the others. They all have their own unique HUDs, weapons, and even melee moves which keeps the gameplay interesting as something you have access to isn't always the same as your partner and vice versa.The intersecting stories are handled well and if you play through the game in order it weaves a fascinating intertwining plot where you can see everything develop in each from different points of view. I even had my opinions about different characters change as I played the different campaigns and was allowed to see more into their rasons for what they do in the game.So to sum up, this game doesn't deserve the bad ratings and poor reviews it has received. It's a solid zombie-action game with survival undertones and a solid cast of characters with a story filled with all the action cheese of the movies.At the end of the day, you should give it a shot. It might surprise you."
76561198036700249,Recommended,221040,4410481,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,sublime,"Brings back heaps of old feels with all them characters from the previous runs but i can't say that friggin 360 camera view is efficient..... goes like 180 then waits until you force it to go the other 180. Besides that the pc port seems nice, fighting shooting and weapons etc. Somewhat what i expected."
76561197989020386,Recommended,221040,1197685,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,NecroNooky,"This game is seriously underrated.If you love Resident Evil, you will want to make sweet love to this fantabulous game."
76561198000444410,Recommended,221040,1971991,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Compy439,Who does not like a good BOW romp?
,Recommended,221040,9717871,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,LuckyStar,"I'm not big fan of the series. In fact I played only fifth part and this one. Still enjoyable game for two lonely souls starving for jolly cooporation, with good story, fine action, and nice characters. But not Ada's Campaing. Her coop mode silly as ♥♥♥♥. Play it solo."
76561198071935819,Recommended,221040,7414835,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,PennyLou,Awesome!!!
,Recommended,221040,5682325,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,NoiseGrinder,"It's good if you don't take it as part of resident evil series, better as long as you can find another human player.I'd give it a 8.0"
,Recommended,221040,7597474,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Arrcs,"Despite the mediocre reviews stating that it steps out way farther from the original Resident Evil games being focused more on action instead of the horror aspect? Resident Evil 6 does itself justice! It brings you into the shoes of 7 different characters, some new, some old, that intertwine and cross each other. The story telling is great, it may be bland in the middle of the game but the development of the story slowly makes its way and subtly reaches the climax. The gameplay is hard to figure out since there isn't much tutorial showing how much you can actually do in-game which exhibits the huge learning curve that comes with the game. Overall Resident Evil 6 would be a game that I'd recommend if you're looking for something fun, fast-paced, and action packed while looking for that good ol' zombie killing fun!"
,Recommended,221040,15127612,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DismalShip787,CAPTAIN!GOOD JOB!OVER HERE!HURRY!HELENA!spooky fly monster man 10/10
,Recommended,221040,15128642,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Pip,"Played, Played, and kept on Playing. Need I say more?"
,Recommended,221040,14887447,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MagTheMercenary,"As a Resident Evil game, it is questionable. But aside from that, enjoyable regardless."
,Recommended,221040,14331068,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Captain Basch fon Ronsenburg,"This game...I dont even know what to say. I cant properly put it into words. Leon's sidekick, Helena, is really cute and nice and I always play as Leon so I can protect her. Hunnigan is in this game but not for very much, shes really cute too and I wished she was in it more. Theres also Ada Wong, but also her twin sister. So we have 2 really cute girls for the price of one. And finally, theres Sherry Birkin. If shes not your favorite girl in this game, you probably dislike cute pure girls and are an NTR liking f a g g o t. The first time I saw her in the hospital gown...how do I say this...I had a boner. I love this game. It is absolutely flawless. If you are a fan of resident evil or cute girls BUY THIS GAME. Id give this game a 10/10"
76561198039760320,Recommended,221040,14005139,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Imrileth,"I like this game. I can choose who i wanna play as, it's a good thing. This game is actually fun to play because this time the devs actually fixed the terrible controls / animations that have kept me from playing other Re games , bad things are: terrible lowres textures in some places and too much button smashing qte's but overall good game."
76561198032100033,Recommended,221040,14146791,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Strong Pandy,Scary♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me .
,Recommended,221040,19416882,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,Not as good as RE5 but still a good game.
,Recommended,221040,27327635,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CorpseOnAir,Door opening simulator. 5/7
76561198075808043,Recommended,221040,27060693,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,キレイ.カワイ.ミライ,"very good,love it"
,Recommended,221040,27456133,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lee,When you didn't pay attention during tutorial and then don't know how to use the health item
76561198021744805,Recommended,221040,27433798,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ragno rosso,"An award? Yeah, my money!"
,Recommended,221040,27425143,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sometimes-,Ada wong is the best
,Recommended,221040,27423451,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hitorikko,I reccomend this game
,Recommended,221040,27470925,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mod,Great game
76561198163920154,Recommended,221040,30927431,Posted: 3 April,all,TrustingFlame23,Leon's campaign was the only one I actually enjoyed (I first played this on PS3). Good game though.
76561197969374687,Recommended,221040,27274608,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mav,"""Game inside a game"" makes it one of the best buy"
76561198225814364,Recommended,221040,27267629,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,◤ ❀ itsweet ❀ ◥,Zombies !! Everywhere ! Creepy monsters
76561198251996968,Recommended,221040,27268909,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SNC,Good game
,Recommended,221040,27343599,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kid Dominus/MLM45,This game is amazing! I can't stop playing the Mercenaries!
76561198276114568,Recommended,221040,27321748,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Stev's,Great game
,Not Recommended,221040,30934576,Posted: 3 April,all,Frisky Paws™,"Okay for a first play through just for the 'somewhat' interesting stories. But, def not a typical RE."
,Recommended,221040,27132648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OsquzZ,"Very funny ""horror"" game. I have played with my friend and that was extremly funny. I recomended to buy this game if you wanna laught with your friend."
76561197991158798,Recommended,221040,26726236,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jakal,"Ok...we get it, it's not RE Remake, it's not even RE4, it surely isn't anything near the original games but we have come a long way from that. I love The remake and RE0 and played the originals in Sega Saturn, well the original as I had to trade that console for the ps1 and one of the main reasons I did that was because of RE2. So I know the series, I love them but I'm not obsessed with them either.This game does certain things really well and then it destroys them by poor decisions. I will say that the stories are corny but I can say that most RE storied are weak in the writing arena. I mean hell, they don't take the too seriously and it's ok with me...as bad as the story is in terms of writing it still gets me hooked as every other RE, I played this a while ago, just did a restar of 5 and 6 so I had forgotten most of the story...so yes the story is corny but I did dig the way it was told in a way of diving each characters into chapters. I enjoyed Leon's the most but found the others appealing too.The game visuals are really good in terms of a RE game, you will still have crappy textures but things look quite good and in my case the game ran perfectly with no hitches whatsoever.So to make it short it will remind you of RE5 and in someways if you've played Revelations 2 it'll be very except you cannot switch characters on this one. And that makes it interesting because you can play with either character but the gameplay will change in some situations depending on who you chose in that particular story...it's cool and adds a bit of replayability.The problem is how scripted is is, something I missed was shooting at an enemy on the floor to see if they were dead that doesn't work as they're depedant on script which is really annoying..also when an enemy mutates it has this invulnerability moment where you can empty your mag and nothing, so you need to wait untill the mutate as to not waste ammo.But the worst and I mean the worst, specially if you play with K&M and not controller are the quicktime events, they're fast annoying and the scape sequences mixed with QT events are the most annoying I've ever played. I mean people complained about this back in RE4, they should know this crap is lazy development...I can't tell you how many times i died because my character went left instead of right and boom, you're dead...So I don't want this to be a full fledged review becuase I don't have the patience.So it's fun, it's good looking, it's got some solid gameplay but they screwed up with far too many QT events and some silly decesions in terms of scripting everything.So I'll give this a 7,5 -8 for me...closer to the 7,5 than to the eight though."
76561198322429322,Recommended,221040,30917325,Posted: 3 April,all,cinerock5029,Honetly my favorite resident evil game because of all the different stories and the collectibles.
,Recommended,221040,26839222,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ᖫⓓⓘⓖⓘⓣⓨᖭ,addicted
,Not Recommended,221040,26928597,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sammaster9,"I bought this game, and it sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥jesus christ. The game is riddled with technical issues. After troubleshooting for a few hours, I discovered that the game is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and will never work right. Every 1 minute or so of playtime the game freezes for 10 seconds. I have a 1060 6gb it should not do that. Me and my boy are smart boys, we know how to troubleshoot. If you buy this game, it might have a seizure and you might have to return it. Cmon capcom, you let me down."
,Recommended,221040,26960138,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ultimated,Awesome
,Recommended,221040,32884219,Posted: 27 June,all,Azureinfiny,alwas love this game
,Recommended,221040,32890377,Posted: 27 June,all,Banana,The game is very entertaining and the constant zombie fighting is my kind of game! :)
76561198096877464,Recommended,221040,32874339,Posted: 27 June,all,The Autistic Power Ranger,"bad port to PC, Not as bad as 5 but nowhere neare as good as 1-4"
,Recommended,221040,32216111,Posted: 6 June,all,SlyMeerkat,"Sometimes great, sometimes infuriating but always entertaining and dare I say challenging."
,Recommended,221040,32954773,Posted: 28 June,all,Viperr101,https://wiki.teamfortress.com/w/images/3/3d/Cm_heavy_rankup_05.mp3?t=20160710212908
76561198119973327,Recommended,221040,33076864,Posted: 1 July,all,GoodBoy,"nice game ,i love it~but still can't found out the feeling when plyin RE4"
,Recommended,221040,33060993,Posted: 30 June,all,Simplii,its great game
,Recommended,221040,33141296,Posted: 2 July,all,Harrison,"Fun if you play coop with your friend, this game for coop only, if you dont like RE7 you may like this game."
76561198174639483,Recommended,221040,33135978,Posted: 2 July,all,123noonbob,"Very lengthy game with pretty good gameplay. Story is not the best in the series. Nice visuals, great replay value with the online mercenaries and other online minigames."
76561198087935483,Recommended,221040,33170559,Posted: 2 July,all,バルキリー,"fun game but very short playing different characters, good buy if on sale."
,Recommended,221040,33266517,Posted: 5 July,all,Kamui,Good action game. I only recommend it for the mercenaries mode. Story is boring. Also playing on Kb/M is hard so better have a controller. If it wasn't for mercenaries I wouldn't bother buying this game. Also only buy it on sale. 5/10
76561198005708172,Recommended,221040,11178546,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,AlexTheProfessional,"OK People that says that RE6 is horrible need to shut it up.  Resident evil 6 offers great shooting,combat mechanic and a 30 hours story mode what do you complain about its probably the longest Resident evil game ever made. I enjoyed every Campaign  i have a Soft spot for Leon campaign  but they're all Good. I understand the game doesn't feel like your typical Resident evil butits been like this since resident evil 4.  At the moment i am writing this  Resident evil 7 is out with must of his Dlc's and last a mediocre 7 to 10 hours with DLC's  with a repetive gameplay almost zero enemy variation  no memorable moment that the serie has been known for.  Resident evil 6 is way better in every aspect to 7. Leon Campaign is your typical resident evil experience. Chris is more Action oriented Jake is more Beat them all and Ada is Stealth focused. You got yourself 4 ♥♥♥♥ing  campaign that all can be played in COOP or Solo you can even make the IA  not revive you and make her useless. And i forgot to to talk about the Mercenaries which is a blast to play. Also i want to say that i played the game on Console and PC so my time is probably slightly more than what its showed.  The Optimization on PC is Fantastic."
,Recommended,221040,26921579,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vercetti24,"Some people would call this a janky shooter pretending to be a horror game, but this game is more than that, it's also the greatest love story ever told. Chris/Piers OTP"
76561198213584629,Recommended,221040,32311897,Posted: 10 June,all,JAY,"this game is good for ""action""there's many dlc so you can enjoy this game so long , but i recommend to find out friends or groups to play with"
,Recommended,221040,33289554,Posted: 5 July,all,Katsuhiro Toriyama,server sepi asw :3
,Recommended,221040,6683523,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,SpaghettiGaláctico,Muy bueno para jugar cooperativo en la misma PC..
,Recommended,221040,33422494,Posted: 9 July,all,uchisama1998,"Really great graphics, nice long story. Kind of weighted because I am in love with Ada's character design in this game"
76561198030429673,Recommended,221040,3996633,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Vitamin,"Кривая игра. Управление жутко неудобное, камера живет своей жизнью, скрипты кампаний сделаны топором... Единственный плюс - сюжет. Но в нем лучше глубоко не разбираться - сам черт ногу сломает.Хотя есть еще один плюс - главные герои прорисованы очень хорошо. Особенно врменами радуют ракурсы Ады и Хелены. Своих денег не стоит."
,Recommended,221040,33527653,Posted: 13 July,all,Princess <3,I love this series and this game was a bit differently paced but in a good way.
76561198077893706,Recommended,221040,33599576,Posted: 16 July,all,Axe_Hax,"6/10 Not a horror game, as a RE game should be, but a pretty fun third person shooter. Slightly above average game that had its enjoyable moments, but also some pretty big flaws. Buy it when it's on sale.+Great graphics+Fun if you like 3rd person shooters+Some of the levels are fantastic+Good soundtrack+Long campaign+Fun co-op with a friend-Many boss battles are absolutely terrible, in both design and mechanics-Absolutely no horror-Over the top-michael bay  cutscenes, completely suspends belief-Stupid overcomplicated puzzles-Too many quick time events"
76561198046354673,Recommended,221040,21863751,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Badberry,GO TOE SAY
76561198008857802,Recommended,221040,21657529,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Knives McDeath,"God this one is so hard to review... It's long but it's too long, it's memorable but it's frustrating, it's good but it's bad but the good parts stay with you and you somehow forget the bad parts. The controls are piano-level complicated, and yet that's sort of refreshing in the age of dumbing everything down control-wise (see the Mass Effect games, where one button seemingly does everything). The enemies are repetitive, and yet the atmosphere created by things like the creepy soldiers that mutate into horrifying abominations when attacked is just brilliant and really stays in the mind. It's not scary 90% of the time but then stuff like the final boss of Ada's story is eerie as can be.  It's the bestworst game in the franchise!It's a hoary analogy at this point, but it really is like a double album with a single album's worth of good songs on it, and those songs are good enough to justify buying it i think. It's a hot mess and some parts will make you want to burn down your own house with rage, but if you're a fan of the franchise and creepy bio-horror aesthetics then there's a whole lot of content here, and what's here is distinctive enough that it'll be someone's favorite game in the franchise and that someone could be you. As for me, i love the Revelations games above all, but i really don't regret playing 6-- the good parts make it worth it. When i finished it i swore to never play thought it again, and yet i still get cravings to play it-- it's damned confounding, but hell, it's unique."
76561197969184719,Not Recommended,221040,21641080,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,thefreak0na1eash,"This is a purely cathartic review and is not intended to be helpful. I haven't rage-quit a game in about 15 years but I can't do more than an hour with this game before Space+R becomes Alt+F4.There's always some bull s***, QTE ridden boss battle that you have to do 4 or 5  times until you learn the sequence causing frustration, not tension. It's not gaming, just lazy programming....and I don't want to play online, I don't like people, so stop trying to make me..."
,Not Recommended,221040,21826964,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,UCK,"Chris campaign 3  escape helicoptor & 5 escape BOW are the worst, when would these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ learn not to mess with the camera and ♥♥♥♥ up my wsad directions. Just let me do my♥♥♥♥♥♥ I know how to ♥♥♥♥ing control a mouse you filthy peasants can ♥♥♥♥ yourselves."
,Recommended,221040,30725336,Posted: 25 March,all,Nox Kreiker,"This game has the absolute worst story in the entire Resident Evil franchise. Yes, even worse than Resident Evil 5. You didn't think that was possible? Niether did I.Resident Evil 6 pulls off the amazing feat of actually♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off by being so stupid. The plot is just so frickin bad. I'm getting angry writing this review, even. I used to play Resident Evil for the story, but this? If Resident Evil 5 was The Room of survival-horror, being dumb but fun; this is the Food Fight of the genre. No graphical improvement from the previous game, the A.I. still sucks, and the story is soooo baaaaad!!""But Nox, is it fun?"" What? Oh, yeah, it's a ton of fun. The Mercenaries mode is by far the best feature, they redid the shooter mechanics from top to bottom and made it way more action oriented and frantic. A huge improvement from its predecessor. The gameplay is very fun and polished. So good, in fact, I will (relunctantly) recommend this game...But I warn you!! The story is terrible! Horrible! Awful! BAD! Buy it on sale."
76561198004372302,Recommended,221040,25250259,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,九州纹龙,"推荐理由：- 不要听风就是雨，相比前几作画面有一定提升。- 某4代5代玩不下去唯独喜欢该作。- 好莱坞式的火爆的场景，可惜突突突不符合生化老玩家口味。- 连线协作，可以扮演生化兵杀连线玩家。- 冗长的剧情多角色收集，每个角色都有交集，穿插整个6代剧情。- 香港SHI一样设定能在恶心些吗？_________________________________________________________WARNING:1.OLD RE PLAYER MUST LEAVE THIS GAME! PLAYER MUST LIE AS NEVER TOUGH RE6 WHATEVER IS OK/BAD ETC.2.DO NOT PLAY THE GAME WITH U RELATED.IF NOT, THEY WILL BE NO LONG FRIENDS.3.DO NOT PLAY IT ONLINE WITH INVASION MODEL. CONNECTION MADE U GAME END SOONER.4.DO NOT SHOW THE GAME TO OTHERS, EVEN YOU CAN'T TELL THEM THE REAL NAME.5.DO NOT SHOW THE GAME WHEN OTHERS EAT/DRINK.6.OBEY THESE 5 CONDITIONS U AND U LOVER WILL BE SAFE UNTIL DEATH..."
,Recommended,221040,1158183,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,V394,"another broken meta score, i give this a 9/10"
76561198326096354,Recommended,221040,25564284,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DarkAngel,I'm fan Resident Evil <3 This game is very cool :) It's fun played with friends in cooper <3I bought a package of RE4; re5; with RE6.
76561198162552766,Recommended,221040,25563259,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Super Hero Squad,This is so amazing
,Recommended,221040,25318642,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,PatsDark,Not the terrible game we were led to believe it was... Would have faired better if it didn't wear the Resident Evil nametag. Too much influence by games like COD and action flicks for what we wanted. Resident Evil 7 is coming. Hopefully it will bring back the serie on good tracks.Grab this in a sale and you could enjoy it if you are looking for a zombie action flick. Just don't expect the Resident evil of old...
,Recommended,221040,25621742,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,davrieb,"This game has a rather poor story, which wouldn't be that much of a problem if the game wasn't so overly focused on it. A rather big portion consists of cinematic-like cutscenes and QTEs. Sometimes the rhythm of the game feels like 30 seconds of actual gameplay, followed by 5 minutes of QTE and so on.That said, I still enjoyed it. It's a bit like a dumb big-budget action movie disguised as a video game."
,Recommended,221040,25509804,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,RoNiN_J3K,nice action game if u like resident evil 5
76561198084696870,Recommended,221040,25489323,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Darko,"Great game,good Resident Evil"
76561198083988799,Recommended,221040,7047694,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,tmic,muito massa
,Recommended,221040,25445519,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,GoFastHog,Can go fast 10/10
76561198139030168,Recommended,221040,17647531,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Kamikaze Rose,"People will constantly complain that 'newer Resident Evil games just aren't the same'. This is a good thing. I've been hoping for remakes of the older games using the newer control schemes since RE4 came out a decade ago. Point is, if this game goes on sale, and you're a fan of Resident Evil, pick it up. If the price for the whole game- DLC included- is under $20 / £13, pick it up. If it costs more than that for everything, wait a little longer, then pick it up.Resident Evil 6 is a fun game, especially with a friend or otherwise compitent co-op partner. On top of that, the range of difficulties, and the four campaigns all come together for great replayability, provided you're the kind of person who likes to push themselves to do better than the last time. And best of all, there are some pretty sweet mods out there that can get rid of some of the more questionable costume designs. Personally, I use the Assignement Ada / Ada, the Spy outfit from Resident Evil 4 over Ada's current look. I just feel it looks better.Anyway, if someone tells you this is a bad game, and the only reason they can come up with is because it's different compared to RE0 - 3, they have no good reasons. All I can say is to just make sure you don't over-pay. The amount of DLC was kind of stupid. Get this one during a good sale, and play with friends."
,Recommended,221040,17605040,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,StoneMercenary,"This game is only worth playing if you have a friend to play with. It's definitely not the best RE game out there, but it is still fun. For singleplayer, direct your eyes to RE4 and you will have a much better time."
,Recommended,221040,838679,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,ProCATstination,"The way it was meant to be played. At full speed 60 FPS still, no LAG, no issues. Ten times better than X360 and PS3 altogether. Apprently (and conviienently) PC version has even more content, even a L4D2 crossover on No Mercy mode, again, exclusive on PC because of  its capacity to handle a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of enemies on screen.Had to wait since its release on September last year.. it was worth it. Again, the way it was meant to be played. At 100%100% recommended"
,Recommended,221040,17306014,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Revolt,"Resident Evil 6 is not a horror game!Resident Evil 6 is action game!Fine in coop at best, a waste alone.I recommend this game only for coop fun and not so, but over than that DO NOT BUY IT."
,Recommended,221040,17345797,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,AzizX,I like the Local co op it's cool
76561198102259956,Recommended,221040,16107445,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Higheagle,"I like the quad story line that intertwines during game play. The ability to shoot while moving or crawling is great. The zombies look great and all the new enemies. Tripping over zombies is fun. Over all, it was a great game. I hope to see Jake again."
,Recommended,221040,16110807,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,MillionDollarGammonSteak,Really enjoying this game.The QTE's are a big improvement from RE5 and the Agent Hunt feature makes the game pretty fun.
76561198027248031,Recommended,221040,16282230,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Baatar Ovoggui,"This part of the serie has both satisfying and dissappointing features for me. First of all, the controls were a disaster! Especially in runaway scenes, the directions never stayed same and stable. I don't consider erratic directions as a challanging factor. Second, I have never understood that Capcom still insist on non-zombie enemies such as ganados, majinis and j'avos. If I have to confront enemies using machine guns(including negev), sniper rifles and choppers, I will prefer a few FPS alternatives then. Especially, Chris' campaign is like CoD, MoH etc. And, even though I set my network to offline, I'm not able to pause my game. This situation is inconvenient. However, Leon's campaign strongly recalls the old survival horror spirit. At least, I'm sure that Capcom finally heed complaints of fans. Also, playing campaigns one by one, player can assemble the parts of story. The serie will last if Capcom plots a well-designed story. This also depends on remembering and relying on old survival horror spirit(Fortunately Capcom proved that this situation is not completely hopeless. With Revelations, RE regained some survival horror and kept an adequate level of it in RE6. I hope it will regain completely). Lastly, bosses are not just an enemy, they are also a character! Especially Ustanak is awesome. I'm sure that Nemesis smiles upon him up in the sky and says ""Son! I'm proud of you!"" :PResult: Capcom showed us they are not completely given up true RE spirit. They should recall it more but it is still not enough. I recommend you to play the Mercenaries with your own aggresive, brutal playlist, my one includes CoB, ImpNaz etc.In-game results:Piers ""CR7"" Nivans could be a strong protagonist in upcoming releases if he hadn't died. Capcom wasted a kickass character.Jake looks as if he will go to Middle East."
,Recommended,221040,3893597,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,MaxiRE123,"Damn, I love this game!!!"
,Recommended,221040,17924153,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,SushicCat55,"Pretty spooky, and multiplayer is still alive, somewhat..."
76561198188804237,Recommended,221040,19713315,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,20ChromeFox,"Pros =- Good action shooter- A game for running away from a classic horror another RE titles- A very good storyline- So much to do with Multiplayer, and it is really fun. Especially killing another AgentsCons =- Not scary though, except the Rasklapanje's Stages- You have to buy the DLC packs to feel the funHad played RE3, RE4, RE5, REORC, REReve, REReve2, and RERemakeRE6 is for you if you trying to understand all the RE's video game storyline and find the most enjoyable Multiplayer Shooter Game ever...Recommended~~~"
76561198012915767,Recommended,221040,19951695,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Vnelz,Best Co-op Resident I've ever played.
76561198039768337,Recommended,221040,19981399,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,pzypro,"Verry underrated game imo. Don't know why it gets so much hate.It might not be a ""survival horror"" game that people seem to be obsessed with it being but it's a really fun actiony game imo. Coop with a friend is an absolute blast to play."
76561197998644634,Recommended,221040,19995062,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Xenomorphlover,"First of all: After reading through numerous bad reviews i kinda hesitated to buy this game even on sale, but most of the reviews on Steam were positive so i eventually gave it a try. My impression so far: nice graphics, great gameplay and interesing settings! I have no idea why most of the critics destroyed the game when it came out. It might not have the same creepy atmosphere RE4 has, but it still has a lot of creepy moments. So if you like RE4 and don't mind more action, i definitely recomment to give this game a try."
76561198071393090,Recommended,221040,20041682,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Onion Kung,"At last, the zombie is back! the story is as mundane as always, with no plot twist whatsoever, very predictable, and the AI, oh the AI, totally useless, but matter not, this game is still awesome game packed with action and thrilling experience, and also, Ada is super hot."
76561198008965523,Recommended,221040,20100058,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Kraze,great game w/friends
,Recommended,221040,20099070,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,RoyalGuard,I drink water for what it is.
76561198145461247,Recommended,221040,20573137,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,PizzaOfDeath,"Those over the top games you just have to play with a friend, Super Fun!"
76561198013960069,Recommended,221040,20664944,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Drorl52,Love it :) run smooth !!!
76561198033289995,Recommended,221040,20747091,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,FalseWarGod,"Bought this knowing it was nothing like it's predecessors. A fun game, hilarious in coop as you can watch the accidental death cinematics of someone else."
,Not Recommended,221040,20688052,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Ose,"After loving Resident Evil 4 and having a great time with 5, I decided to give this one a fair shake, this was a grave mistake. A frustrating and tiresome slog through tight linear hallways lacking in captivating level design and populated with annoying one dimensional characters, Resident Evil 6 has virtually no appeal as far as I can observe.The action is as clumsy and claustrophobic as it is mindless requiring no tactical thinking beyond ‘don’t miss’ despite the game’s efforts to provide challenging enemies. This is because the game showers you with ammo and supplies. It’s pointless to try to be efficient in your combat if the rewards are negligible.Furthermore, the joy of cooperation has been stripped to a bare bones experience since you and your companion don’t share supplies at all, each instead getting their own private loot drops. No strategy, no “I’ll carry the grenades, you the herbs” interactions that made 5 interesting as a co-op shooter. Yet somehow, the story is an even bigger trainweck.Instead of opting for a traditional way of storytelling, Resident Evil 6 offers you 4 different campaigns each with their own protagonists. Problem is, each campaign happens at roughly the same time in the story and they intersect at various points. Meaning you end up revisiting the same locations and events over and over with different characters but doing the same thing. It would help if the different perspectives gave you a more nuanced look into the plot but it never goes beyond ""now we'll explain this thing that didnt make any sense before"". The game fails to connect any meaningful revelations or interesting twists in a plot rife with spectacle creep and no substance or convincing drama whatsoever.There is nothing here. No characters, no story, no visceral fun or clever design. This entry is practically a walking corpse and about as appealing."
76561198044787739,Not Recommended,221040,20723540,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Hairboy,"One of the clumsiest and tightly scripted RE titles ever made. I felt like I had little or no control over my story, wandering from tightly controlled scenario to tightly controlled scenario. Controls are awkward, and the target reticule one of the least usable ever.Even on a super steam sale I wouldn't recommend this"
,Recommended,221040,20173264,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Insania,"Best CAMPAIGN story is Criss and Piers damn its so good its like watching a good moviestory 10/10gameplay 8/10camera angles 6/10graphics 9/10love coop games best games, always remember good old times :)if you like a game with great story just buy it, not to mention they bringed old characters like Leon, Chriss, Sherry, and bringing new characters Piers, Jake, damn its a good game.I hate ada btw. her story I didnt even play cause the partner is non existing character my friend and I got bored in seconds"
,Not Recommended,221040,20629403,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,62,"The game really is as bad as everyone says plus there isn't even LAN. For some reason capcom thought it would be ok if they included splitscreen instead. There have also been extreme performance issue bugs with this game in newer graphics cards that render it unplayable. I would recommend Resident Evil 5 instead, much more fun and includes LAN."
76561198190867931,Recommended,221040,20599712,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,CBSupreme,It's a great game! I like the combat and gameplay. Worth the money!
76561198038484415,Recommended,221040,20686211,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,phalgen,"Although I do like the older installments of Resident Evil, I have to say by far this one is my favorite!! Maybe because I always felt like I was in danger or because I also felt like I could defend myself after years of fighting bioterrorism. The characters, are not my favorite that's for sure and Jake seems to have needed more fleshing out before becoming the 'hero'. But, I like what Capcom did with this game intersecting the stories so in a sense the game was four player at times. Sometimes in the other games, I felt I didn't have enough help. Seeing the older characters change however was a big shock to me (mostly Chris not being buff again). But, over all I liked the game. Playing as Ada again really got me going. It was a shame not to see her motivations though after all this time."
76561198272103935,Recommended,221040,24419751,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,aaron.coulter2001,I love this game it is amazing and is fun it got a nice story but is confusing at firsti think all these games are amazing if you like resident evil 5 you will could like itp.s. if you dont like re5  and dis the resident evil 6 then dont buy it
,Recommended,221040,25482591,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Old People,Not a resident evil game but still fun.
,Recommended,221040,21678786,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Get some!,you fight a t rex
,Recommended,221040,21590846,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,bruceify,"So bad that its good, must buy on sales"
,Recommended,221040,6723853,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,-Swaggin-,"A very fun game overall, especially the co-op. The online is dead now however, so I recommend buying it with friends to play the game through with. Lots of replay value and a very long and interesting story. Well worth the money even if this game gets a lot of hate for not staying true to its horror game roots. Still got a few jump scares here and there, but this RE is definitely more action-oriented, still highly recommend it."
76561197988939691,Not Recommended,221040,7389594,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Ed,"I bought this game, on sale, for $10.  It might be worth the purchase to the die hard fan of this series,  at 10 dollars, maby.  This game is a pile of crap.  I recommend NOT buying this. The problems with this game are too vast to list here.  Save your money, don't buy this piece of crap."
,Recommended,221040,21552728,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,✪ KDD #KayDiddy,"I really do like part ""6"" of Resident Evil, it is still badass like Resident Evil 5 but i still prefer Part ""5"". Maybe i got more into the part ""5"" because i played the story (Online) like 100 Times and upgraded my equip ect... But i had fun on part 6 same as on part ""5"" but i dont got into it so long. (BUT IT IS A NICE GAME)..."
,Not Recommended,221040,21769093,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,OuiLennon909,We don't need a ♥♥♥♥ing Motorcycle in the ♥♥♥♥ing zombie game you're ♥♥♥♥ing moron
,Not Recommended,221040,21729154,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,PeOpLe,"cutscenes doesnt pause the game, you are forced to watch the video while being stomped by 3 mutants♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI, stand and do nothingwhat year is it?"
76561198256073828,Recommended,221040,21220540,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Threefriends72,Bon jeu mais un peu difficile... beaux graphiques histoire prenante très bon jeu. Je recommande.
,Recommended,221040,21311563,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,El DIABLO 007,"13/10 yes u heard it 13/10, this game ive only played leon scott kennedy story i mean hes been my favorite since resident evil 4 ( best after this resident evil in my opinion). Trust me guys you have to and must get this game the adrenaline and the risks on it its amazing, its like a movie/story its really good, still skeptical ? pm me this savage will tell u what this be all about."
,Recommended,221040,21242653,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,alone,"Probably my least favorite of the series, so I'm going to write it as a Resident Evil review, as a horror game, it's not too great story wise, the gameplay on the other hand is fluid and easy to get adjusted to, feels a bit like GoW, I think it's definitely easy to enjoy as a little game to past the time with a friend as this one has co-op like RE5 did."
76561198090026169,Recommended,221040,10961772,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,JaS V,"This is the bomb, got it for 9.99 in the summer sale. Don't bother with the DLC, i purchase the siege mode and can't even find any game. The DLC are not very good, becuase the online player are few to none on those mode. The overal resident 6 without DLC content is pretty good. QUICK time event sucks, and the chris and pier running segment is bugged like HELL.. Need an update."
,Recommended,221040,15971843,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Million,amazing!
,Recommended,221040,15972434,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Belgatão22,"Very good game! If you expect a resident evil like the old ones, you may not like. But if you're just looking for a good zombie game, this one is perfect!"
76561198072993466,Recommended,221040,15988346,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Ultradoom the MAGNUM FIST,It's fun. Just a really fun game.
,Recommended,221040,16427145,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Colonel Onyx,It was a pleasure to see the series return at least partly to the formula of the older games (Resident Evil - RE3) and focus a little more on horror instead of the action. The interconnecting storylines were interesting and in my recollection of the series something refreashingly new for the series.
76561198112585714,Not Recommended,221040,13934306,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,BonLarron,(Spoilers)The Fish boss in the third level for Leon and Helena is glitched. Do not buy if you do not want a glitched up part of the game.
,Recommended,221040,16318119,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,CepheiSleeps,The multiplayer portion of this game like the TDM game mode and such are all empty. It's only good if you have a friend to play it with. It's pretty fun but get it for the cheapest price possible. It is not worth the ful purchase. At most me and my friends only put 25 hours into the game because the campaign is really long.
,Recommended,221040,15888019,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Fla,Good game
76561197965779750,Recommended,221040,15865210,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Snake,"Find a friend play it together, one of the best coop games iv played so much fun......you will get so many laughs out of this........great melee combat great guns great monsters great graphics an sounds each chapter is totally different from each other......which makes this game awsome for team play"
,Recommended,221040,15866463,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,dimby,"Just like chicken, if chicken were a game about stuff that happens."
76561198117718428,Recommended,221040,15913023,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Shablord,YEAH!!! so fkin intense YEAH!!!
76561198104200814,Recommended,221040,15878296,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,stan8may4,I liked the pc version better than the console. I also liked the fact that the steam version has left for dead 2 characters in it.
76561198141303718,Recommended,221040,15905073,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Urzael,I would recommend this game
76561198064939146,Recommended,221040,16039139,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Ciroc,"Good game, Nice story and worth pay :)"
,Recommended,221040,14435043,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Ghost,Not as good as Resident Evil 4 or 5 but still a fun time if you can grab a buddy.
,Recommended,221040,3295535,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,⋰n⋰i⋰k⋰i⋰b⋰a⋰n⋰z⋰a⋰i⋰,"Well some said it's not nice but some said it's great, but for me I love this 6th! The overall gameplay is great, not that great but still providing some smooth and excitement that RE should have, playable characters stand strong in this point, you can play as Leon, Helena, Chris, Piers, Jake, Sherry, and Ada at different campaigns, mercenary mode is a must try too, whenever you are tired of the campaign, hit the merc mode and just kill as many zombies within the time limit, and oh not forgetting the unlockable contents viaRE.net, that's surely can't be missed! so overall:8/10 for me"
76561198056920498,Recommended,221040,12854236,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Violablecrab074,"Great game,this game made me like all of the Resident evils, i hear lot of bad rumors about this game BUT i bought it and tried it out.It's fun, + first game that allowes you to counter-attack a zombies attack, + lot of different zombies and many more nice features,I suggest you buy this game. :)"
,Recommended,221040,26429386,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Steven*10,"Damnn Daniel ,so good"
,Recommended,221040,26367890,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,________,"I don't recommend games very often, but I have just completed one of the 4 campaigns this game has to offer and I have loved every minute of the gameplay, story and most of all the very believeable characters."
,Recommended,221040,30898623,Posted: 2 April,all,lordvalor521,"Enjoyed the co-op, its quite different then other games in the series, with more of an arcade shooter feel and with QTEs but still enjoyable if you like action shooters. Would definitely recommend if you are looking for a good zombie game to play with a friend or play online with other people."
,Recommended,221040,26332081,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Moister Cloyster,It's fun when you play Co-op with a friend. It's for sure not scary but killing zombies is fun and solving small puzzles. Only thing I don't like about this game is the camera.
,Recommended,221040,25964026,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,CliffyTdj,Very good enjoy!
,Recommended,221040,26248431,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Curvol☂,"Now now, I know you like (insert RE game) better, or you dont think it has the stuff (insert list of RE games) has, but it is a normal RE game. You play through 4 different campaigns with a choice of either of the two characters from each campaign to see the story through their eyes. Also with full co-op which i feel makes the experience for this game. No it isnt scary, but it's got that overdramatic crazy zombie killing that is RE. Get this game with a friend, and I promise you'll love it.LEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON"
,Recommended,221040,26280644,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Apex Wynn,"Don't care if it isn't scary, but it tends to get wonky still an enjoyable game for me."
,Recommended,221040,26281037,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jozu,"RE 5 was awful and I thought it might be the end of the franchise.  It kind of did was Dead Space did with its third installment and went all ""bad action movie"" instead of ""survival horror.""  6, on the other hand, gets the horror feel back with great gameplay, awesome graphics, a good storyline that allows you to see it from several different characters' point of view, and good voice acting.  Overall, I highly recommend this if you like survival horror."
76561198155893265,Recommended,221040,26621941,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,raidel,"awesome game , very fun and adicting , good ond difficulty"
,Recommended,221040,26641350,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Silver,"It is stupid as hell, awful story, cheesy cutscenes, bad acting and terrible textures that wouldn't be acceptable 15 years ago let alone 4 years ago.Still, I am enjoying the hell out of it because I am playing with a friend. The gameplay is solid and all those terrible things I've mentioned become enjoyable when you can make fun of them with a coop partner."
,Recommended,221040,27009069,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪HeronBlue,"It's good, but not better than RE5"
,Recommended,221040,27009466,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hgdrifter,"Fought Simmons 6 times! Went faster, killed him once, so I'd say it was a decent time."
,Recommended,221040,26905657,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Masked,Most realistic depiction of a giraffe I've ever seen in a game.
,Recommended,221040,26856932,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Runduh,What's the matter? Not a fan of sewers?
76561198035685114,Recommended,221040,26759662,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FoxyRussianLady,"Ok well let's get this out of the way, Resident Evil 6 isnt a horror game, it's almost pure action. It's not like 1-3 in any sense but the characters,Well that's done. Damn was this a fun action game. The game is broke up into 4 campaigns so I'll just list them belowLeon's:The best of the 4. Has actual horror elements and traditional RE levels (an underground cave and lab, infected city). Feels like a modern day RE4, and we all know that was the best resident evil so that's great- 9/10Chris:If Leon's was an updated RE4, this is an updated RE5 (with a better AI) mixed with gears of war. Most of this campaign takes place in China, which has fun scenery and was really brought to life. The Bosses in Chris's campagin are also the best in the game. Story gets dumb, but dumb in the classic RE way, If the cover system wasn't utter trash, this would be on par with Leon's. But because of that 8/10Jakes:Ugh, everything that is wrong with the 2nd trilogy of Resident Evil games, in one 5 chapter campaign. God was this painful. Jake kung-fu's his way out of problems. Says more one liners that an 80's action flick, and is generally a boring character. Luckily his partner sometimes says things that add to the overall lore of the resident evil series. So that was nice. His boss, follows him around in the different chapters (similar to Nemesis) . It doesn't work, but it's not bad. So for this campaign, that makes it amazing. 3/10Ada Wong:A mix of Stealth and Chris. She fills in the gaps and explains what was happening behind the scenes of all the other campaigns. Fun to play, but pretty average. 7/10So overall the average score of the game is: 6.75/10. Thanks Jake for ♥♥♥♥ing this up"
,Recommended,221040,26786575,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KnightBernabeu,"A bit too Michael Bay, regardless there are still some of that Biohazard feel left."
76561198011364716,Recommended,221040,24245791,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Celso Junior,"The Survivor mode really brought this game back to life again, i am playing like crazy, lots of fun, good work and keep doing that for other games."
76561198309541141,Recommended,221040,24246984,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Cpy,nice gameplay really enjoy the game. I hope they will be back in resident evil 8
,Recommended,221040,24606217,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ganolink,This game is amazing. It's an amazing tribute to 80s and 90s action flicks. There aren't really any zombies outside of Leon and Helena's campaign.
76561198047680270,Recommended,221040,24505883,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,kmkl,"Nice characters/outfits, animations, decent story & Good graphics."
,Recommended,221040,24528589,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,TheGodatWar,"Campaign is too repetitive, after the 2nd campaign bracket the game feels like a deja vu. The game gets old quick. But for the resident evil hard core fans its definitly a must for the story line."
76561198254758259,Recommended,221040,25072936,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,梟羽,Very good
76561198059656010,Not Recommended,221040,25068463,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Dojo,Good thing it was on sale. Wouldn't have bought it full price.
76561198151748900,Recommended,221040,25085267,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,✪ Tim Tim | RRT,This game is amazing
76561198047217173,Recommended,221040,25082289,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Baliel,co-op is alot of fun - it can get challenging on a harder difficulty which alot of games lack now days.you can choose to either have infinite ammo or not - as well as story is good and the game is long.
,Recommended,221040,25088134,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,TinySquishy,"the game play very much like a movie and a game in one, while transitioning from gameplay to cutscene and back giving player constant story-telling as well as break time between sessions. the controls are a huge improvement from RE5 where it was eractic from the movement sensitivity spinning from just by little mouse movement.in terms of in gameplay features, the game allows a lot of movement dynamic and combos rather than just run and jump alone. for example, holding tab lets your character jump and lay on the floor to shoot. pressing the dodge+directional key makes your character dodge roll. these givves the player a lot of option for survival in close-combat and confined environments. also, you can knife while moving now, while in RE5 you could not.the zombies are not just shambling corpses, they are actually very dynamic and hostile since they often lunge, pound, crawl, and sometimes strafes left and right unpredictablely and are bullet-absorbant.in my few hours of game play, i can tell you that the game is quite immersive in that the action are constantly coming to you and you must react to survive. the environment itself range from quiet safe openspace to confined space with a lot of zombies together with the player or to open apocalyptic city-burning location. it is never a dull moment.for others, it may not be perfect and perhaps just barely satisifed but as a first-time Resident evil player. it's a 9.8/10"
76561197972406124,Recommended,221040,11942633,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kacho,It's alright.
,Not Recommended,221040,20900595,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Romaan.M,DISSAPOINTING  it worked well the first few times then decided to not FREAKIN WORKLIKE WHAT THE HELL?????FIX IT
76561198016126314,Recommended,221040,7355025,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Amber_BW,"After a few patches and fixes in gameplay, and I replayed it; I would give this game a 7.5/10, I still do not like the story, maybe I was expecting too much after that much fun I had in RE5, this is a decent game, overall quality is solid, but only worth the money when its in discount, still pretty good when play with friends."
,Recommended,221040,30847223,Posted: 30 March,all,Nigerian Prince,I've never seen any organic life-form have such nerves of steel that it doesn't flinch when being shot by a bullet.
76561198132582824,Recommended,221040,26477539,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Vistatarus Rovandcarde,"good games, honestly it's not like any older resident evil games with horror and terror settings, but overall this game is good, recommend for any intermediete players."
,Recommended,221040,27983026,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,crinale02,Overall a good Resident Evil game.Hampered mostly by its multiple characters arc and the over the top QTE's.
76561198072512705,Recommended,221040,27972636,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RUO14,Really enjoyed this game. Specially the co-op story mode. Finished all the routes with m cousins. :)
,Recommended,221040,13956618,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Mulder,"Not the best story out there, but plenty of content and good graphics in a total of 4 different single player campaigns. Coop online is also possible."
,Recommended,221040,14556005,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,bruh,Ada's got an♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,221040,14569775,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Lore,"Hardly a tried and true Resident Evil game, but if you don't take it seriously and embrace the game despite its flaws and silliness, an astonishingly fun co-op experience with surprisingly robust mechanics, and every bit as replayable as the finest Resi titles."
76561198155122303,Not Recommended,221040,14534863,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,litdre2008,how do i access multiplayer
,Recommended,221040,14590221,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Bulbas,Leon + Ada = Resident Evil Damnation
76561198091096789,Not Recommended,221040,14598331,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Metalcell,"In my opinion this is the worst Resident Evil game ever made! RE5 is 100 times much better than this load of crap, its so bad that I had to make this game be my first reviewed game."
,Recommended,221040,14428922,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Semen Demon,Cool game and excellent story written by Mrs. Kimball's 4th grade class.
,Recommended,221040,14418997,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Raiju,"I love the Resident Evil series and although this isnt the best one in the series, its worth adding to your collection.My only issue is that the boss fights arent that challenging and some of the graphics are poor."
,Recommended,221040,14403672,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Uchiha,my favorite game ever XD
76561198057177363,Not Recommended,221040,14410191,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,lassmiranda dennsiewillja,"Review refers to the game experience in professional mode.positive:1. some parts in the beguinning of Leons campaign . Enjoyable percentage of the game: 10%2. Creative enemy design though some enemys like the TRex, the grasshopper and the masked Juavo (look and behave like bath salt addicts with masks and guns...) are stupid design decisions.negative:1. Gamebreakerbug: game randomly changes controls after cutcenes, it's impossible to fight so you can't reach the next savepoint. Can't finish the game because of this.2. Fight against stupid hordes of gun zombies for nearly the complete game. Hadn't bought the game if i'd knew this before.3. Controls:a)very clumsy, you have to walk a 360° circle to enable a switch that is one step left or right to your characterb) jump to the side in other games: press 1 button,jump to the side in RE6: press right mousebutton 1sr, press to the side (a or d) 2nd, press jump (space) 3thc) cover mecanics so broken that they are unusabled) overloaded controlse) you jump down or slide over objects accidently when you run along them, happens very oftenf) mentoined Gamebreakerbug, i have chat commands on move buttons, run button disapeared, gun and equipbutton disapeared = can't finish the game4) unfair death:a) meelee attacks can't be aborted and take 1-3 seconds, enemys next to the player will start the attack and automaticaly hit the player when his attack animation stops.b) enemys will shot you or jump you from outside the screenc)random car crashes (no warning) in places the game tells you to go before. Train hitting the player when he tries the button combination that worked 2 times before at the same event.d) some QTEs are very easy, others are nearly unbeatable (youtubesearch: meetgrinder resident evil 6)e)poorly programed run towards the camera parts, it's nearly impossible to not run against the wall when the camera jumps or swings around. Result is instant death.f) endless fights agains rocket helicopters that force you in cover for 1 min every attack !!! The one fight you can't see the chopper because of the crapy camera angle, but it can see you perfectly. Pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to play, REALY!5) Enemy-and Gamedesign:Resident evil 6 wants to be an action heavy 3th person cover mecanics shooter and fails to deliver.The action scenes are realy idiotically and destroy the imersion already in the beginning of the game.The focus on action is so out of place, the game is never scary, at NO point, NO joke. It's like they wanted to tell the RE fans:"" ♥♥♥♥ off, we will use our brand name to sell the game to call of duty kids who are scared of horror, we'd realy like to include horror but for 1 Horrorgame fan there are 25 CoD Fanboys so we have to ban the horror completely out of the game if we don't want to lose a potential CoD customer.""superfluous to say that there is only 1 brain teaser in the whole game, except of that one in the Ada campaign puzzles are COMPLETELY removed to appeal to the ""new, better actiongamercustomer"".I don't want to endlesslya) fight gun zombie hordes (very repetetive)b) fight helicoptersc) snipersd) drive jets, snowmobiles, motorcycles with graphics from the early 2000th and controls from the 80th.e) fight mind numbing meleefights.f)  All RE characters attended a wrestlingschool in the meantime between RE 5 and RE 6 so german suplexes and neckbreakers define the gameplay nowadays.6) StoryShallow, uninspired, constructed and with logical mistakes: seems the focus was to interwine the storylines of the main characters at all cost no matter how incomplete the end result would look. I couldn't see the Ada campaigns end due to the gamebreakerbug though.Other small problems like the impossibility to preventively shot a zombie of which you know it will attack you when you come close to him,the savepointsystem,  the never ending boss battles against the same bosses again and again, the missing hit feedback of some bosses and so on will remain unmentioned.My personal rating: 58 out of 100"
76561198057443119,Recommended,221040,14452730,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,realjericho,Awesome game! Many different modes! Realistic graphic! You gonna love it! Use joypad to feel it 101%
,Not Recommended,221040,14509878,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,BrickShetland,This game is good if you are a masochist.
76561198149133578,Not Recommended,221040,14515013,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Miss_GAGA,OH Help Me Bug Cutsene Please Wait.
76561197984835979,Not Recommended,221040,14605618,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,BigWolf,"As you can see, I did not played this game much and the reason is that I hated the save system, I really hated it! The game takes to much time before each saves. (SPOILER BEGIN) After I passed the zombies on the street until the crash of helicopter (SPOILER END) the game did not created the first save point yet, and a few seconds after the cut scene the game crashed and, as you can expect, I had to restart from beginning (and sorry, but you can´t cut the intro).In the Resident Evil Revelation, ""quit and reload"" has the same effect as ""continue"", doing that you can avoid affect your rating, but in RE6 you can't do that because, for obvious reasons, you gonna restart from the beginning of the stage, and I learned that the hard way.Maybe saying to not buy is too strong, after all, there are a lot of other things in a game to consider, but the steam system review only give us two options, then consider ""not recommend"" as ""Warning, archaic save system like Super Mario World, do not remove the cartridge before destroy the castle""."
,Recommended,221040,1520166,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,*Noobstar*,"wow...I'm actually impressed by this game tbh i thought i was going to be severely disapointed like most capcom games now days but i can honestly say i don't regret buying this RE. It is very well improved, controls are not like♥♥♥♥♥♥ game bases is more interactive and amusing, Game settings are way more advanced than any other capcom game on PC. Story is actually attractive and not boring. theres 4 different campaigns all different characters and story to choose from and all co-op. very fun worth its money this time for sure. Oh and when you start the game instead of watching a Intro video like most games you actaully get to play the introduction then you get to play/pick the compaign."
76561198097069333,Recommended,221040,14656060,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,shoob goob,2scary20me :^(((
,Recommended,221040,14657288,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,smeagol swartzeniger,Great blend of the old Resident evil horror and the last ones.
76561198015720882,Recommended,221040,3001478,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Ç®ÀZ¥,Sehr geil
76561198076028955,Recommended,221040,6813020,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Blackgenma,"The pinnacle of the Resident Evil  series' action titles. its a very well done, action packed third person shooter. Lots of new moves characters can do, like sprinting, taking cover, rolling, crawling, universal counters, quick shots, no more tank controls (FINALLY) and a bevy of new melee options. Throw that with a huge selection of playable characters and the PC exclusive ""No mercy"" mercinaries mode where they throw tons of enemies at you at once. If you were a fan of mercinaries mode in other games, this game has the best to offer in that regard- a wide selection of well design stages with a huge variety of enemies to fight.The controls can be tricky to learn at first, but once you get a handle on them, your looking at the smoothest contrl scheme in the series, RE character have never been so mobile.Campaign mode does have its clunky moments, but if you can overlook them, you have a fantastic game with great action and lots of content, and almost all the modes are local as well as online mutliplayer. There's multiplayer DLC but I can't reccomend a late commer grabbing it unless they pursue people online to play with them, as its not very active."
76561198040897615,Recommended,221040,14601930,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Skytonic,It's ok
,Recommended,221040,14607357,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,thesoundboy,"A weird one. If you think of it as ""Resident Evil 6"" It's pretty awful. It's super action-y, Leon and Ada are all wrong, the feel of survival horror is all but gone.However.It's a spectacular action game. 4 Campaigns, all with their own personalities, tons of weapons, skill trees, melee, more mobile attacks (not just shooting and running at the same time, sliding along the ground and shooting, and quick pop-shots as well!). Set piece after set piece and for the most part it all goes off without a hitch. The story is kookoo-bananas but in a sort of ""biggest budget B movie ever!"" kinda way.so, if you want more RE, get RE1 (again) or RE4 (again) or play Revelations, or all sorts of other options. BUT if you want a HUGE action packed epic set in the RE universe, 6 packs some serious♥♥♥♥♥punch.But seriously, Ada is all wrong. Come on, Capcom."
,Recommended,221040,14668908,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,The_Duke_of_Farts,"This is one of those games that I just dont understand how it recieved poor reviews. Its not a great game but it certainly isnt bad.Its got classic RE4 zombie shootin, four different campaigns that all play differently, and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ story nearly reaching metal gear levels of stupid.*shrug*then again I have no idea how assassins creed games are rated well. No Ezio, I dont want to squat shuffle on top of this barrel while people stab me. please get off the barrel."
,Recommended,221040,4678759,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Silvanes,"This game has its ups and downs. Great gameplay, co-op is fun, the gamemodes were pretty fun to play and mercenaries is the best. Its not scary like old Resident Evil  games and is more action-themed like Resident Evil 5. Wish more would play it, its hard to find games with people especially region wise. Overall I find it fun and enjoyable, more so fun with other people then solo. If you got the money and see it on sale, go buy it."
76561198080327799,Recommended,221040,26374703,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,scheuerjoey,This is a good game but it's only problem is that it's resident evil and doesn't seem like the others in the series still a good play just don't expect a resident evil excperince. Honestly reminded me of wanted weapons of fate
76561198114262061,Recommended,221040,26499556,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ascended Emperor Dong,"The story is all over the place and they really took out most of the mechanics that make RE=RE. BUT, played it co-op with a pal and it was an absolute blast. Definitely recommend if you have a friend to crush this with, makes for some good times."
,Recommended,221040,3286516,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,fidgetking,A f*c%in great game......non stop action from begining til end.
76561198260627242,Recommended,221040,26502456,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,E.N.D.,"not like previous RE/Biohazard, but still fun kicking zombie/J'avo's♥♥♥♥♥with kung fu fighting style muahahahaP.S. : using controller will help you especially on QTE moment, but if you still wanna use the keyboard, it's up to you."
76561198120881319,Recommended,221040,26499861,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Well Fuck,HEEELEEEEAANA!!!! Great story. Fun mechanics. Best played with co-op to laugh at the parts that are poorly made. Awful ending boss battle for Leon.
,Recommended,221040,467775,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Null & Void,"Game is a tad buggy still as I write this (only a few days after release) There has already been one patch though. About the only annoying thing is loading screens and quick time events are splattered all over the place in this game, all 4 campaigns. I didn't hate it but I didn't really enjoy it either. I'm just leaving this here in case anyone I know is looking at it."
,Recommended,221040,26200530,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Blank,"I actually really liked this game, sure it's a major departure from the old games, but it's really fun game on it's own especially if you like stories and third person shooters."
76561197991582965,Recommended,221040,1332785,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Spauk,"A huge improvement from RES 5. I honestly picked this game up origionally for only two reasons, because me and my mate were looking for a co-op game to play at the time and you can now move and shot and I must say this game was ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic! Pretty much four times as much gameplay as the previous game and has a very epic story line to go with it. Old school RES fans bewarned this is another high action shooter RE game, however I think you would still really enjoy this game... It was an awesome experience from start to finish."
,Recommended,221040,26531381,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Coldyron,I just shot the president
,Recommended,221040,26731893,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,☢ _ Krieg™_ ☣,"+ Good story and graphic+ Better & smoother control than previous game RE4, RE5"
,Recommended,221040,28714965,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,golff.nattanart ッ,Fun
,Recommended,221040,28737205,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Puck,game has its problems like dodgy camera in tight areas and sometimes terrible textures at some parts but if your looking for a good co op game to play with a friend it is worth the money (at the moment during the steam sale) and will give you atleast 15 hours of gameplay.
76561198066180242,Recommended,221040,28679915,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mortabius,"Good game,more fun with a partner!"
76561198146283086,Recommended,221040,28564049,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,wissle96,i got this game only for eight bucks and it was so worht it the graphics are awsome the story is amazing and the fact it was only eight dollars is out of this world.
76561197995011205,Recommended,221040,28618323,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dick,Great in game graphics and game play. Lot's of replay value and achievements to go for. Storey line was awesome and wrapped up a lot of things for the series. If you liked any of the previous titles this is a must have.
,Recommended,221040,28597222,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,PunisheR,"good , the music makes me scared"
,Recommended,221040,28615320,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hawi.G2A,First thing that i scared that almost like Resident Evil 5 gameplay. But after i purchase and finished it (Included Steam Achievement) Very Good. I recommend this Story was good but still have Everything Wrong with this Game. But I thumbs up
,Recommended,221040,17931292,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,DG | Tom Da Bomb [S] [D] .tv,"★ ★ ★ -  -Ok ill have to start with saying ill rate this game in 2 different fashions,1 will be the gameplay and how much fun RE6 is as a Third Person Shooter2 will be the story line / plot of the game in relation to Resident Evil1) id have to say its a great game, as far as TPS games go the controls are easy to get used to on pc let alone it has controller support. After upgrading the melee weapons and the fact you can slow walk while aiming it really adds a whole new skill demographic to the game when you can actually use the combat knife effectively by dodging. Along with diving and side stepping its got good gameplay so id say its 100% worth getting for the multiplayer options and campaign modes to shoot some zamby's :D2) which is how good of a Resident Evil game it is, id have to say this is one of the worst excuses for a RE game ive seen since they came out with the operation umbrella games for Wii. The plots long drawn out, even though they did a good job of making sure the storys from the past the characters tell dont conflict with the good old RE RE2 RE3 RE code veronica and such. Unfortunately you can tell that its still one of those games a company started reproducing as a generic action horror game they didnt have to care about keeping integrity for, and of course when they thought about all the loyal fan base for RE games they knew people would buy them even if they dont relate so they would still make money :(So with all that said id have to still recommend this game just for its value in gameplay as a 2-4 person co op tps, if you wanted to get RE 4 5 and 6 because you love the old RE games story line then you may wanna pass it up.I would definitely suggest a 2.50 Ghz single core and 512 MB v-card at the very least to play with everything turned all the way down and resolution at 640X480 in windowed mode, i used to have a laptop just under that and it barely ran 10-25 frames so i could play single player through all the campaigns at least as long as i had a fan under my pc to cool it. Ive since upgraded but hopefully that helps anyone decide if they should try to get it in case they can run it, just make sure your doing better than that lol."
,Recommended,221040,29036296,Posted: 5 January,all,THEblade,OMG MY♥♥♥♥♥FLY AWAY  NOW
76561198067266431,Recommended,221040,29049819,Posted: 5 January,all,Scabriella,Love this game so much! It's scary but also not too hard at the right setting.
,Not Recommended,221040,28918151,Posted: 1 January,all,tsumana,"I've played every main game in this series, and a few of the side games, and I found this one to be the least enjoyable by far. If you're going to play co-op then 5 is a much stronger entry. Otherwise play 4, it's excellent.Every time I beat a boss and hit a check point in this I felt glad that the chapter was done, but it wasn't done and it just kept going... Admittedly there's a lot of game here with the four seperate campaigns and all of the extra modes but I don't want to play any of it now. It was a slog the whole way through and that's not fun.I probably wouldn't have bothered if it weren't for the sequel coming out soon, with a story that continues after this game."
76561198012584555,Recommended,221040,28918769,Posted: 1 January,all,COMMANDER,huge campaign  nice storry :P   but  noone knows how to drive in this game :P  lol
76561198071138321,Not Recommended,221040,29076427,Posted: 6 January,all,Iron Tarkus,"There's a massive amount of false reviews here, this game is awful, the controls are awful, the stories are lazy and the characters are so beyond idiotic that it makes Barry's comments in the original games look like philosiphical treasures. I played this first on the X-Box 360 and I tried it again here, it didn't get better with nostalgia or age. Resident Evil 5 is a fun game, especially in Co-op, this is an apocalyptic failure that thinks it's a great game. Save your money and your mind from the torture of this horrific pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198047764479,Recommended,221040,28963443,Posted: 2 January,all,Corgun,"Resident Evil has went through a drastic change starting with 4. Some argue that this game is ""not Resident Evil anymore"", but I can assure you, it IS resident evil with its crap dialogue and a plot that's as strong as a soggy waffle.Gameplay feels drastically oriented to action, but it's not necessarily a bad change. In fact, the cover system is very fluid after a couple minutes of practice. Melee has been improved from 5 and Counterattacks are now a thing. Among the series, there is NOTHING that compares to the satisfying *DING* when you parry an enemy's attack and deal free damage(or even instantly kill) to them.Continuing the tradition of putting new, under-developed characters in every new title, we have Helena Harper, Piers Nivans, and Jake Muller as playable characters. There is not a single moment where I am able to empathize with any of these characters. They feel so bland and bound to the same old character tropes we've seen a hundred times before.Most of my gametime is sunk into the Mercenaries minigame, and my god this is honestly the best incarnation of it.TL;DR give the game a chance, and don't be those people who cry ""but muh scary tank-control horror resident evil game is the best!!!"""
,Recommended,221040,12300225,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,dnlgjmnz,"I am a huge fan of Resident Evil since the first game. Although I didn't care for 5. I have all of the original books as well. I enjoyed this game to an extent but it is nothing compared to Resident Evil 1-4. It's just all over the place. Occasionally there are good experiences but they're often followed up by bad ones. I did enjoy the differences in the different campaigns. Like I said, it's all over the place so I don't mean play style so much as I do the look of the HUD. It is different for each character in some way.. some more noticable than others. It's a great part of differentiating the characters. I recommend this game if you are a fan. You'll appreciate a few Easter eggs as well as the ability to move and shoot. Although, be aware, if you are looking for survival horror, this is not where to find it. I bought this game because I've played them all since the original in 1996. I would say that's the only reason I picked it up and played. However I must admit I am just not finishing the last story, which for me is Ada's.. I have to finish it being a RE fan of course.. Well that and the fact that Resident Evil Biohazard is coming out soon ^.^ It's a solid game, just not survival horror. More like a war game with zombies.. well technically B.O.W.s"
,Not Recommended,221040,29120020,Posted: 8 January,all,Grimalus,"This game is not bad by any means, but all it is a goreified action shooter. There are quite a few over the top action scenes that will make you cringe but other than that its a solid shooter, it just does not feel as grounded as RE5, and NOTHING compared to RE4.Overall, I am only completing this game to unlock unlimitted ammo. I know a game is bad when it's a chore to want to finish it and thats exactly how it feels playing this game."
,Not Recommended,221040,29022784,Posted: 4 January,all,"Drunk ""Mister"" Lahey","This game is just confusing, not story wise but gameplay wise. How could they ♥♥♥♥ it up so much after 4 and 5 I don't know. RE5 was okay for what it was, a good action game, but a terrible RE game. RE4 is a well known fact the best game ever made so I get the backlash for RE5. But RE6 has no god damn explanation for how bad it is as game and as a RE game. If you want a RE co-op game then RE5 is ten times better, if you want good RE game then RE4 is billion times better than this♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198164490918,Not Recommended,221040,29026055,Posted: 4 January,all,dasted08,"The most important thing to note before you buy this game: about 25% of all gameplay is quicktime events.I've been a Resident Evil fan since the first gaame on the original Playstation, and while I was critical of the departure from formula in Resident Evil 4, I still found it to be fun and worthwhile. I already know what happens in RE5, so I decicded to just go right to 6, only to find that it's easily the worst game of the entire franchise. Story-wise, the plot makes no sense, the villain has no  set-up, motivation, or developement at all, and virtually nothing happens. If you were wondering what happens to any of the characters after RE5, the quick answer is ""nothing."" As far as gameplay goes, there's absolutely no puzzles or decisions to make, and if you need to find a key, it's in the same room as the door you need it for. Even compared to RE4 it's practically a rail-shooter. Even if it weren't a RE game, it would be just okay. There's a mechanic for controlling and praising your partner that you'll never use, and one for dodging, ducking, and sliding that you'll only use once or twice when prompted. And, of course, there's the quick-time events. Climbing, piloting, shaking off enemies, boss fights, you name it, there's a quicktime event. Of course, if you like that kinda thing you'll enjoy this game immensey. Otherwise, RE6 is one to be avoided at any and all cost."
,Recommended,221040,29019402,Posted: 4 January,all,Barbour,Very story driven and resource management heavy but fun to play even if predictable and contradictory at points.
,Recommended,221040,23921911,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Nero,"Buggiest POS out of the RE series.- Zombie teleportation- Suprise visits from zombies out of nowhere- So much QUICK TIME EVENTS- EVEN MORE QUICK TIME EVENTS- DID I FORGET TO METNION QUICK TIME EVENTS?- Guns are like shooting .22's.- Get's shotgun, terrible accuracy at close range- Hilarious death animations (thx incoming train)Only good thing is that you can curb stomp zombie heads and take them down like JOHN CENAToo funny to not play unless you're the type who gets heavily irritated."
,Recommended,221040,23919893,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,lemons,Extremely fun with friends. One of those games you have to play it with a buddy chill and laugh!
,Recommended,221040,23923688,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Efanatic,"Always being my favorite game , Resident Evil . even people said this is so much different than previous game . But i think this game is great , Cause new gameplay and moredont know what to say anymore just play the game if u are resident evil fan from the beggining ."
,Not Recommended,221040,18467780,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,HYPERTiZ,All five are okay campaigns i completed them including ??? Campaign after playing through all four first.I disliked Chris' for action; the narrative overall is just okay.Only Leons capaign has zombies for a few levels and if you thought it would be mainly horror like re4 sadly not..the rest have Javo's that shoot.So after much outcry from the community voicing their opinon. They have went back to the horror roots.
76561198092582226,Recommended,221040,23867215,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,dorian.haywater,"This game is ridiculous.If you like explosions with explosion and some more explosions while shooting ginat monsters and zombies togther with a friend, this is the game for you.If you are looking for a intimate creepy suvivial horror game, you are  in the wrong place. Also you need a controller to enjoy this game on the PC, the port for PC is afweful otherwise.Me and my better half had a fantastic time with this. The stories and characters are varied and interesting (for the most part) and figuring out what is going on as you play through each (sometimes just unbelievably ridiculous) story was quite neat. The co-op is well done and regardless of which character you pick, you do not feel like you are just an add on to someone elses adventure, but you are your own person with your own unique abilities and motivations.I really liked this game for what it is."
76561198166502481,Recommended,221040,23567332,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,KirkHammett,"Good game , fixed the problem of the loading"
,Recommended,221040,9643282,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,◄ ▬ S I Z E - [ S ] ▬ ►™,Like Raccoon city reunion- Good storyboard- All story move together- Complete all story for answer your question- Best if you co-op with friend sometime need good teamwork for beat the boss or complete some mission7.5/10  If RE 4 is 9/10Look like abit Devil may cry T___T
,Recommended,221040,23631954,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Jojo,I wish I could have played as Piers through all the stories instead of their actual characters.
76561198174491646,Recommended,221040,23615747,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,marine5,I started biohazard series with this one.It is pretty good start.
,Recommended,221040,23653652,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,☆F[X].Vinela☆,Finnaly i can play this game :D....And.....ADA YOU SO HOT.!!!!
76561198010809354,Recommended,221040,23660802,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Krieg Korps!,"On of the greatest Resident Evil games I have ever played!Exceptional graphics, advanced combat  and evasive maneuvering gameplay,Campaign that contains 4 Chapters for each Resident Evil protagonist, deepco-op campaign mode, fight hordes of zombies and ganados as well,even deeper co-op modes that provide endless fun to you and yourfriends and many, MANY more.I won't waste any more time to analyze this game. Indeed the price mightbe a little steep, but thank Gaben for his discounts!  9/10 Totally Recommended!P.S.: LEFT 4 DEAD 2!!!!!"
76561198267600918,Recommended,221040,23630228,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,King Godler,Latex♥♥♥♥♥and nudity 10/10
,Recommended,221040,23645711,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Who can Kap-can,"The game has to many cutscenes and not enught ammo, the zombies are not that scary the only thing that is scary about this game is dying and lossing your progress for the last 30 minutes. but its a good game and get it when it is on sale :D ;)"
76561198312566380,Recommended,221040,23813421,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,jude.kitane,So in order to get the other maps I have to earn achievements ??
76561198188886469,Recommended,221040,23719362,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Zoom®,Resident Evil 6 Personally 10/10 :) its fun and full of action!!!AND READY FOR RESIDENT EVIL 7!!!
76561198065040236,Recommended,221040,23738864,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,(NOVA)seline,"If you want a horror game, go somewhere else. You should have jumped ship on this franchise three games ago if you wanted horror in RE.If you are looking for a great action shooter with a few spooks here and there, this is the game for you.Put aside any notion of RE being a horror game and accept the new direction the series took a few years back. I promise you, you will have a blast. Not only is the game packed with content, (enough that it is impressive considering other titles that were released in the same year) the new mechanics are pudgy and well designed. The game is polished very well and while it may have its flaws I honestly thing this game deserves much more credit than it got from the failed english majors that call themselves ""game critics"".  Play with a friend if possible, as the co-op is incredibly fun and while the co-op in 5 felt kinda shoehorned in as an afterthought, its obvious more time and effort was put into making RE6 fun and engaging in both single player and multiplayer."
,Recommended,221040,31022239,Posted: 8 April,all,Hylazra,"Awesome, great storyline, love it..."
76561198124249619,Recommended,221040,29772624,Posted: 7 February,all,theolegko,action
76561198338505838,Recommended,221040,29810558,Posted: 9 February,all,shadowfoller,I enjoy this game very much
76561198031529307,Recommended,221040,29792241,Posted: 8 February,all,actionorb,7/10 Gets a thumbs up because of splitscreen coop.
,Recommended,221040,27610907,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AlexWesker,"Evolution and ambition are only natural for a franchise as old as Resident Evil, as is the need to respect a long-lasting legacy and the fans that have come to appreciate it. But in trying to serve all masters, Resident Evil 6 loses focus and fails to accurately assess which of its elements are truly worthy of being included. When this game is at its height, it sets new standards for the series in every way. Unfortunately, there are no shortage of lows either, taking what could have been an excellent experience and making it something considerably lesser."
,Recommended,221040,27824709,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SpoileR,"Amazing Co-op game, grab your buddy and have fun on a playground while the world gets destroyed.You can play as Chris punching boulders Redfield"
,Recommended,221040,27922619,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Totally not Kyle,Pros: Good gameCons: No cons
,Recommended,221040,27923496,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,tranc3pony,"In my opinion, I think Resident Evil 6 is a great game. Grant it the Resident Evil series drove completely South from the ""Horror"" aspect, I still find the game fun and exciting. I find the co-op campaign fun too even though it has a different feel compared to Resident Evil 5. 10/10 for the Campaign and all the characters. #GiveMeMyJillSandwichBut seeing Sherry grown up was... Was pretty nice too."
,Recommended,221040,27929032,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vue19EC|<,This game should win because it has so lots of campaign and side games to play from.
76561198059813152,Not Recommended,221040,27886504,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Geotu,"I feel a bit ripped off, given that the controls are so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that the ""escape giant BOW' section of Chris' campaign is essentially impossible. In general, this is a game made for PS and poorly adapted to PC, with the most frustrating interface I could possibly imagine for a game. The opportunities for you to die repeatedly, and stupidly simply because you missed a random button press, are frequent and, despite a potentially engaging story, make this game just intolerable."
,Recommended,221040,27769652,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[Ex]Pandora_97'Ecs,Nice game especially for RE fans
,Recommended,221040,27490492,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Macho Man Randy Savage,Was great 10/10
,Recommended,221040,18783029,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,DetectiveA,gg for multiplayer!
76561198259789414,Recommended,221040,27637636,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Murmilloz,"I'm not going to rant about how the Resident Evil series has changed over the years, that has been done extensively. I'm just focussing on this game by itself.The singleplayer campaign mode is made up of 4 different stories that intertwine. In each story you play with a separate set of characters / weapons. Each story itself is made up of 5 different chapters, with each chapter lasting roughly an hours. So a full, non-rushed playthrough lasts about 20 hours. Take into account that there are 5 difficulty levels to choose from, and this figure can easily multiply. Especially when you have a friend to play co-op with (split screen is possible!)All the campaigns have enjoyable gameplay; some are more survival horror oriented and some are more action packed. This change of pace keeps it fresh. All in all, just plain good zombie shooting fun to be had here. Some vehicle sections are encountered, those felt a bit lackluster to me.When you're done with the campaign, you can aim for high scores in the Mercenaries arcade mode - also good fun. Can also be played co-op (both online and local) for some intense teamwork sessions.I definitely recommend this game, you will get your money's worth of fun out of it. Note that it is on sale very frequently, so aim to buy it at a discount!"
,Recommended,221040,29588810,Posted: 30 January,all,ifwibonce,I love Ada!!!
,Recommended,221040,29977610,Posted: 16 February,all,brick,"I had a ball running through the level courses, some parts i wish were more drawn out, overall it was fun."
76561198127281800,Recommended,221040,29649410,Posted: 2 February,all,DaHugger,"The game gameplay is good , i'd like play with my friend on coop mode , It worth to buy :D"
,Recommended,221040,29680894,Posted: 3 February,all,the flea,"I personally loved this game. I like how all of the campaigns kinda coincided with one another the more you played the game. Now I do admit that this is not the usual survivor horror, to be honest, Leon's campaign was probably the only one that actually hit it. Chris is like a mix of call of duty and some other game related closely too it and Jake and Sherry's campaign reminded me of some Hollywood movie with the stunts. Surely these are not the typical zombies the further into the game you go but I did enjoy it (Mostly Leon's campaign had the zombie aspect), I liked seeing the older characters and how they kind of related to one another on some level shape or form, not to mention that they all had a way they carried themselves. Once more, it is not like the original games or your typical survival horror game but it is a nice change of pace. Everyone's going to complain about something so the game tried to fit in what the fans wanted, action and horror, it's hard to have both, I'd say don't be too picky about it, watch someone play it online before making a high price buy but if your a fan of the series and want to see how it plays out go for it on a sale! Considering the mixed reviews and others thoughts, I'd definitely say see a let's play or buy on sale!  [ To note: I've mostly played this on the 360 before buying it on PC ]"
76561198074155276,Recommended,221040,6751138,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,psihostat,"интересная ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥я, если играть в кооперативе"
,Recommended,221040,29848623,Posted: 11 February,all,☤GandalfTheSakuraChanツ,This is a great game for two friends to play with each other as it requires a good bit of teamwork and the storyline isn't too bad. A great mix of horror and survival.
,Recommended,221040,29888164,Posted: 12 February,all,ZriViLiZe,Déjà vu Simulator
,Recommended,221040,29849184,Posted: 11 February,all,LUCKY LEON,Quicktimeeventsbrokemyspacebar.
76561198262685906,Recommended,221040,29836575,Posted: 10 February,all,Keep Shooting,It's a nice game brings back good memories and a lot of action.
76561198074792905,Recommended,221040,29952828,Posted: 15 February,all,Dead eye donny,This game gave me cancer.
76561197979041680,Recommended,221040,31005962,Posted: 7 April,all,SUPERSEXYHOLYSHIT,"the latest Res evil, and the one i prefer."
76561198085440136,Recommended,221040,29555267,Posted: 28 January,all,Nemesys,The refugees just let us into the Church?you know what should we do?solve some puzzle for story progress at the cost of their life.10/10  would go on a vehicle ride with Leon again
,Recommended,221040,29446822,Posted: 23 January,all,Noct.BYZZ4,Chris Redfield <3
76561198309738503,Recommended,221040,29454277,Posted: 23 January,all,LOLitzdanny,im on a weak budget pc and this thing runs quite well on my tv and the split screen co op is great because id rather play next to someone its funny how a keyboard mouse can play with a controller in split screen witch is nice and the game runs well didnt really expirience any bugs but its a good game i would recomend this
,Recommended,221040,29371427,Posted: 20 January,all,envoy23,"re 6, the only re game worth playing if you use controller, its b grade but worth a play if like you have trainer and mods"
76561198276285256,Recommended,221040,32003956,Posted: 27 May,all,[REAPERS]BCreeper,nice game
,Recommended,221040,32010041,Posted: 27 May,all,Khaos (S'A),I...actually really enjoy this game. I had a ton of fun with it in co-op. I say it's worth it.
,Recommended,221040,32070135,Posted: 30 May,all,Directonse,Tek kelime ile muhteşem. Resident Evil 4 ten sonra serisinin en iyi oyunu. Oyunun vazgeçilmez karakteri olan Leon'u tekrar görmek güzel. Şuan 4.bölümü oynuyorum. İlk iki bölüm çok uzun. İkinci bölümün baş taratları sıkıcı geldi. Ama üçüncü bölümün final sahnesinden sonra güzel bir toparlandı. Dediğim gibi tek kelime ile muhteşem.
,Not Recommended,221040,30848853,Posted: 31 March,all,нǝɐɹтвeaт💓,"I have been a Resident Evil fan ever since I first played RE3:Nemesis on PS1.They need to make more coop zombie games like this. Its more fun when you are playing with someone...especially if you get scared easily because of jump scares lol.Its really fun and long! There are many chapters in the game and different characters you can play. You might even recognize some characters if you've been playing any of the past RE games :)I know people sometimes wanna go solo >.> There is an option to play alone if you do not want to play with a friend.Some people seem to be having issues with inviting a friend to play but so farinviting a friend through steam actually works...Or else you can have them search for your server and name which shouldn't be that hard.You get to upgrade your weapons and skills using skill points. You might need to look for a walkthroughfor this because the game does not really give more info on this setting.Controls are annoying but not enough to make anyone wanna stop playing. The mouse sensitivity might be too high so you would need to adjust it(I have a DPI mouse which makes life easier playing this game).If you liked RE4 and RE5 then this is definitely worth your money!P.S. Please! I want to play RE3:Nemesis on PC lol. They need to bring it on steam!~~~~Edited Review 6/5/2017Horrible camera angles...could not finish boss fight. If you are going to release a game, at least PLAY IT and make sure mechanics are okay. IMPOSSIBLE to play because of crappy camera angles. I did reccomend...but if camera angles and keyboard bindings are important for you then dont waste your money and buy this on console instead? Not sure if console's camera angle are crappy too. So disappointed in this game :l"
76561198151578459,Recommended,221040,32179457,Posted: 4 June,all,Loli Slayer,5 was better
,Recommended,221040,32414402,Posted: 14 June,all,keV-o™,Well... not bad.
76561197997504746,Recommended,221040,32376997,Posted: 12 June,all,Shadow2ggah,Always Loved this game. Add if you're ever down to play
76561198079883156,Recommended,221040,32374830,Posted: 12 June,all,Leeman Fyers,"Great game, campaign's were a little short, but because each one was so unique and good I loved it. I would really like to see another game in the series like this one. As cool as super horrific Resi 7 was, the awesome CG action, amazing stories and characters, and fun gameplay of 6 is pretty great and I want more."
,Recommended,221040,32338191,Posted: 11 June,all,ɖօռ 🅳ɛֆքɛʀǟɖօ🐱,"Get a buddy to play the game with you, more fun that way."
,Recommended,221040,32356020,Posted: 11 June,all,Forlorn Descent,Very enjoyable Co-Op.
,Recommended,221040,29169151,Posted: 10 January,all,harrybo5444,"Such a amazing game, loved every story and coop is great with a friend"
,Recommended,221040,32293811,Posted: 9 June,all,I'm nothing,This game are good but cutscreen button are too much!!
76561198083035660,Recommended,221040,7023261,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Darkoasis,"It's not like old RE'S. That said it is a great action game, has a great story, and the way all the playable characters interact and interlace with each other throughout the game is killer. For 40 bucks or under definitely worth it."
,Recommended,221040,24183812,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Arachno Bengee,"Can't really say it is a bad, however can't really say it is good either. But to be honest, I feel like this is rather on the OK side for me, but it really could've been better. These frequent cutscenes and QTE's really makes you feel like watching a movie rather than playing a game, in this case I can't really say it has a high replay value. Like for example: in Leon's campaign, when you guys in a car, you are getting attacked by zombies and you have to look for the keys inside the car, if you played it through once you know where the keys are going to be, however the game wants you to pretend like you don't know where they are and it forces you to keep looking everywhere until it lets you look in the place where it is actually hidden, which really is dumb and is a timewaster.(it really gives you that feeling that they don't really want you to play the game again) And there's lots of these in this game, but overall it has its moments, I do enjoy it on coop, however other times not so much. 5/10(6/10 at best especially on coop)"
,Recommended,221040,33625779,Posted: 18 July,all,Archon🎃,"This is going to sound stupid, but this is my favorite RE game ever made. It's such a silly action movie and its great. Especially with a friend."
76561198045869365,Recommended,221040,33642923,Posted: 18 July,all,Derekmacen22,"I really liked the gameplay the combat was alot more in depth, the campaign's were a great idea. They were also fairly long, and unique. only thing was i didnt really care for Chris campaign. The rest were great though there was absolutely nothing wrong with this game in my opinion.  I grew up playing the crap out of the first and second and 4th games and played a bit  out of some others. And i personally have no idea why people being hating this game so much, guess nothin is ever good enough for some people."
76561198359047619,Recommended,221040,33645326,Posted: 18 July,all,lfennell11,i love the resident evil series
,Recommended,221040,33535604,Posted: 14 July,all,Chrxsta,"I played this game on launch day on the PS3 back then for almost 100+ hrs. There's a reason why I bought this game again on PC so here are my honest thoughts on Resident Evil 6.The game would've had less flak if it doesn't have 'Resident Evil' in its name. The bad stuff I can point out on the game is the tedious quick-time events which lead to cheap deaths, sometimes unforgiving enemy damage & the lack of horror. But at the same time the game does a really good job on having an interesting story throughout 4 different campaigns & how well they intersect each other so kudos to Capcom & the devs for executing this so well. Each campaign has a different flavor & the characters are well done, old & new ones. The story is easy to follow so newcomers won't have a hard time catching up. The battle system can be difficult to pick up in the beginning but once you get used to it (especially the melee system), it will get more interesting later on. The campaigns have insane replay value so you might catch yourself playing them again possibly on a higher difficulty. AND THANK GOD THE A.I PARTNERS AREN'T BRAINLESS IN THIS GAME.The Mercenaries is a great special mode in this game. It's the best Mercenaries yet compared to the previous ones in RE4 & RE5. You get to battle a horde of different variety of enemies in a limited time & to get the highest score possible. Unlocking the rest of the characters & costumes didn't feel tedius to me before so definitely check out this mode, solo or duo. (Also, this mode is an easy way to get more skill points to use in unlocking skills like item drop increase & more damage with melee attacks.)My final verdict with RE6 is 8/10 for a Resident Evil game but if it's not one then it's an easy 8.5. It's really worth in the rich content you get in the game & it has great moments. The game is fun in solo but it'll be much funnier with a friend. Give this game a chance if you can.PS: The recent reviews here are more positive so far so it's good many people are looking past the hate this game have gotten."
,Recommended,221040,29556136,Posted: 28 January,all,theipodtouch218,"not a horror game, surebut it is still a great action game and it is very fun to play with friends.there are multiple co-op campaigns and tons of potential hours to be spent playing.its still kinda buggy tho6/10"
,Recommended,221040,33549276,Posted: 14 July,all,Chitsuki,Good Game
76561198082566864,Not Recommended,221040,19867770,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Psi ionic Hexes,Dislike. No radar
,Recommended,221040,33672058,Posted: 20 July,all,DemonicXeno,"I bought this game during the Steam Summer Sale of 2017. I didn't bother with the DLC as there is no extra SP content to offer. Now I've already played the 3 primary campaigns (Leon, Chris, Jake) before writing this review, so as to experience the pros and cons of this game... I don't mind it being too action-oriented, but it does take away from the traditional survival horror elements the series is known for. Get this on sale if you dare, otherwise skip it and play something else instead.+Great Graphics (I am playing on a PC with 2016 specifications, Core i5 6400 + GTX 1050 Ti, so I can crank up those settings pretty high and still get 60+ fps)+Fast-Paced Gameplay (if you can get around some of the cons... on the other hand, the player can finally move while shooting)+Replayability (again, only if you can get around some of the cons...)+Lengthy (Took me 18 hours to complete the three primary campaigns for the first time on Amateur difficulty, but this also has to do with the way the QTE system is integrated..)-Instant Death (now there are certain segments in each of the campaigns where the player has to escape from certain danger... so while I don't mind QTEs, it would really help if players are given a chance to avoid instant death with a QTE rather than just instantly dying just like that.... players of RE4 will know what I'm talking about! Yeah, it's annoying the first time around, but only a quarter of them can be avoided the second time around once the player figured out what went wrong)-Camera (if it stays behind the player for the whole duration of the campaign, this wouldn't even be a con. But no, certain parts of the game the camera instantly changes angle which can confuse the player and may even cause game over)The two cons above even occurs when the player is on Amateur (Easy) difficulty, so don't get too comfortable just yet. There are a lot more cons, but it could just be me and not the game.There is one other thing that's controversial...+-Inventory/Skills System (Once the player gets around the cons and manages to purchase all the skills, they'll have a better time enjoying the game minus the possible instant death situations. Thing is, the player can only equip three skills at once (to finally have maximum Defense plus Infinite Ammo and one other skill of the players choice can provide some relief), so players must choose a combination that fits the survival of the current chapter.Herbs are still around, but it's not really the way it was before. Players combine them and put the results in a pill box where then they can be healed. However the First Aid Spray works the way it does in every RE game (just fills the players health to maximum).Just like in RE5, accessing the inventory will not pause the game (so combining herbs in the middle of intense combat may not be the best choice). While preloading herbs into the pill box ahead of time can help, there's always going to be *that* situation...Resident Evil 6 is not a bad game. It's just that some of the design choices ruined almost a third of the game, primarily the possible instant death situations. QTEs are easier with a keyboard, but not being able to prevent instant death turns off some players."
76561198092150526,Recommended,221040,31718064,Posted: 13 May,all,Smokeweed D Bear,Resident Evil 6 Doesn't Suck!
76561198080363088,Recommended,221040,33842525,Posted: 27 July,all,Chaaaos,nice story but chris' part is a bit difficult
76561198160135908,Recommended,221040,16325696,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Taikyo,"Been playing the Resident Evil series since 0, and I played all the main titles and some of the spin-offs. What I can say about this one is that I do miss the the survival horror feel that RE:0 - RE:3 provided. Although each campaign had some what enriched story plots (some felt a bit recycled from the previous series) and the feel factor for one campaign was high, the game play was worth it enough. They made the combat system relatively better since RE:5, BUT I miss my rocket launcher!In addition to playing a bit more with the game, I felt that this also was something the dev team smashed together, it was as other reviews would say, ""ambitious"". If only they made the game with each campaign as its own, but taken during the time of this whole event. The story plot would feel more filled in, as it would give the dev team more time and space to work with each story, with hopes that they got rid of a lot of QTEs. I do blame RE4 for the start of QTEs in the RE games following after it.Pro:- Introduced to new characters- Combat system- Jake and Sherry ship ftw- Plot twists- Died 15 times trying to ride my♥♥♥♥♥across the snow on a snow mobile (ahh fun times...)Con:- Some stories had the recycled feel from the earlier RE series ( RE2 and RE3)- No Rocket Launcher to hurl at fugly spider looking zombies- Each campaign could of been its own separate full game.- QTEs...QTEs everywhereI hope in the next installment they make Jake the lead. >3 <--- my dream never came true..."
76561198019432429,Not Recommended,221040,30675490,Posted: 22 March,all,Panzer2694,the jump and run parts horrible and annoyingthe rest is ok
,Not Recommended,221040,14597727,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,not:a:part:of:your:system,"EDITED 2 YEARS AFTER INITIAL REVIEW @ BOTTOM!!!Well.  It's an incredibly well made game.  The length is great as there is 4 campaigns to play through, each taking about as long as RE5 (only slightly exaggerrating).  The graphics are great, the story is interesting because each campaign ties into the other campaigns and often you're playing with the other characters for a small section of the story lines.But that's about where the good stuff ends.  What happened to the RE games?  RE4 was the last really great one.  5 was fun but it was....different.  And now RE6.Secondly:  why does RE6 *NOT* want me to have fun playing it?  Almost every step of the way the player is continuously being punished.  The ""running"" scenes allow absolutely zero room for error and the constantly shifting camera angles make it impossible to anticipate where to go next, and of course there's no prompts.  Maybe by the 8th death you'll have figured it out.  Some of the boss battles are completely unfair, and they continue to go on and on and on.  These ♥♥♥♥ers never actually die.  Your AI sidekick is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as all hell.  Even on the lowest difficulty, the game is relentless.  I'm an avid gamer, I have quick reflexes, and I usually don't play games on less than the hardest difficulty, but this one is really pressing my patience.  Again, you have zero prompts as to what to do next, where to go, or how to fight the current enemy/boss.  Most of the time in an arena I just run around like a moron running out of ammo trying to figure out how to progress.Third:  The 'upgrade' system.  I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, by the end of the third campaign, I still have not been able to upgrade my first 3 perks to max level.  It just costs far too much, enemies don't drop enough points (or ammo, or health, or anything).Fourth:  The boss battles.  I touched on it a little above:  they're relentless.  They have no prompts, there is zero tolerance for error, they're mostly 1-hit kills, and they go on for HOURS.  These punks just never die.  There was only two times in the whole game where I actually had full health *AND* a couple tablets left over.  But then one hit later I'm on the ground crawling for my life, bleeding out and after my parter revives me, I pop the leftover pills only to have it happen again...I'm tired of typing for now.  The bottom line is this:  the game was fun at first because I played RE4-RE5 so many times I lost count.  But after being punished time and time again for trying to have fun I will not be making a second play through.  Honestly, RE: Revelations was much more entertaining than this.  <-  That's embarassingGraphics / Story / Interestingness  8/10Game play    1/10So I guess that averages out to a 4.5/10****EDITED:  OK so as it turns out, having a friend to play through with makes this game bearable.  The GLARING problems still exist, and the gameplay is still incredibly frustrating and annoying, but playing through the campaign with CO-OP is literally a game saver.  I'll give it a few points based on the near seamless coop feature.I still don't recommend the game UNLESS UNLESS you co-op with a friend."
76561197971171352,Recommended,221040,34179365,Posted: 11 August,all,Killer Tofu,"I don't think it's bad.I like it better than 5, but not as much as 4.People hate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it for not being scary enough, but it's like, have you played resident evil before?Maybe they have this series confused with Silent Hill (which like, totally is scary).Anyways, good action game, buy it on sale if at all."
,Recommended,221040,34925452,Posted: 13 September,all,Persephone,"Even though this game is not good as the other Resident Evil series, the game itself is pretty good solid action shooter."
,Not Recommended,221040,22202045,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Scythe,"Resident Evil 6 (or Camera Madness as it is called in Japan) is a camera hijacking simulator with some shaky zombie shooting mechanics.  Literally, you shake and vibrate like the guns are red bull incarnate, and every time you fire, your weapon forgets what you were shooting at.  There are in-game skills to mitigate but not cure this, and they take up 2 of the 3 skill slots if you choose to buy and equip them.  Basically, if you use them, you're STILL shooting worse than in RE4+5.The objective of RE6 is to survive all of the camera hijinks that are thrown at you.  The camera, which is also severely infected by the shaking virus (the main villain), will wobble around wildly before, after and during most gameplay segments, and will shake into oblivion during cutscenes, which may or may not have QTEs (why?).  The camera's hatred for you is so strong that it sometimes disables you mid-fight, causing you to take damage or die.I would much rather be able to skip cutscenes instead of having a hundred QTEs shoved into the game, which damages replay value... and this game is designed to accommodate multiple playthroughs.  It's amazing that they didn't learn their lesson:  The worst mistake in RE4 and RE5 were the QTEs.Waiting for AI partners to complete objectives that you can't help with is occasionally pretty cumbersome.  Blow up that goddamn helicopter already, Chris.If someone would take out the cutscenes, QTEs, slow-walking segments, sneaking segments, vehicle segments, and plot, that would be great.  I wish they had focused on more satisfying gunplay considering they had basically gotten this correct already in 2005 and have since forgotten how to do it.Stop interrupting gameplay to show me that there are zombies.  Believe me, I know about the zombies.I would recommend this game if the final boss was the player's camera, and you could murder it."
76561198117963897,Not Recommended,221040,22107624,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,BigBlackDingus,"Solo Campaign - 4/10Coop Campaign - 5/10⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺Cons:- The campaign makes you play through the same areas multiple times- Shooting mechanic feels poor- Tries to Jumpscare too often- Too many Quick-time events- Fight the same boss 10x- Weird inventory system that I still haven't figured out how to use- No boulder punchingPros:+ Campaign is much more bearable with a friend.+ Leon's campaign+ 4 differnent style campaigns+ Agent Hunt+ Game has a decent amount of total playtime⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺As a huge RE fan... This game was just a mistake.My advice, skip 6 and go directly to 7.⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺⎺P.S.Certain AMD A-series CPUs can't run this game at all(A10-series should be good)."
76561198073921488,Recommended,221040,35510416,Posted: 5 October,all,k40964096,Not a bad game. Co-op is interesting.
,Recommended,221040,35511847,Posted: 6 October,all,한지호,왤케 클리셰가 다 '뻔' 하냐 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
