user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,221100,8618598,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,thetick,"EDIT:  READ UPDATE AT THE ENDIf you loved the mod, you will love this. Haven't played the mod? Well, I will say that this game is grape. Yep, grape.You start off randomly spawned in the area of Chanarus, most likely near the coasts. You are equipped with clothes, a battery, and a flashlight. Shortly afterwards you are hungry and thirsty.Your main objective is to find buildings and search for food and drink and then a melee weapon. Don't know where you are at? Find a online map of Chanarus and look for town signs and landmarks. Once you've found where you are at, make your way to the nearest town for supplies. Keep in mind your current clothes allow for very little inventory, so you'll want to look for new clothes in order to carry more items.OK, so you've managed to find a can of soda, a can of tuna, and some gloves. Good start. Now you'll want to continue... wait. Is that a zombie you hear? Yep. He sees you. Go back inside that house and shut the door. Everyone knows they don't know how to use doors because THEY CAN CLIP THROUGH THE FREAKING WALLS!!! AHHHHHH!!!Alright, after you've put down the zombie with a hammer, you'll want to take care of the warm red stuff squirting out from your body. Take off your shirt and rip it into rags. Now use the rags as bandages. Good as new. Carefully move on to the... What? Hungry again? But you just ate 3 minutes ago. Pull out the can of beans you found and... crap. You need something sharp to open the can. Keep looking. Maybe the guy rapidly coming at you screaming ""HEY YOU! I WANT TO AXE YOU A FEW QUESTIONS!"" can be of some assistance. Calmly face him and...You start off randomly spawned in the area of Chanarus, most likely near the coasts. You are equipped with clothes, a battery, and a flashlight. Shortly afterwards you are hungry and thirsty. Is that some fruit on the ground? Oh lucky day! Pick up the fruit, dust off the mold, and take a bite. Feeling a little sick? It's probably nothing. Just keep moving...You start off randomly spawned in the area of Chanarus, most likely near the coasts. You are equipped with clothes, a battery, and a flashlight. Shortly afterwards you are hungry and thirsty. You find a barn with some steps.You start off randomly spawned in the area of Chanarus, most likely near the coasts. You are equipped with clothes, a battery, and a flashlight. Shortly afterwards you are hungry and thirsty. You look up to find another newly spawned user who is disoriented but has a cool hat. You look down and find an axe. Now you have a cool hat and two sets of clothes, batteries, and flashlights..._________________________________________________________________Update as of June 5, 2014.Thank you to all of you who have commented and voted on my review so far.  I have noticed a few similar questions and comments being repeatedly posted, so I am going to address some here.1.  Does this game require ArmA II?No, it is a standalone game, which is different than the mod, that requires no other purchases.  When you buy the game, you can start playing immediately and after the full release.2.  Will this game come out for the Mac?The system requirements on the store page list the following operating systems: Windows Vista SP2 and Windows 7 SP1._________________________________________________________________Update as of June 5, 2015.It's been a year since my last update and I felt it was time to do another one.Not much has changed with the game and that has been greatly disappointing.  It came out with such promise but time passed and I have been soured over the fact that so little work has been done to it.  What happened, devs?  Is anyone working on it anymore?  Did you stop caring?  It sort of feels like you took the money and ran.  It saddens me because I still love the game but I cannot heartily recommend it like I once did.Looking to buy this game?  Do your homework first.  Read the reviews.  If you don't mind an incomplete game, go for it.  Otherwise you'd be wise to save your money for another game.I am keeping my original review up for now._________________________________________________________________Update as of September 11, 2016.I've had this game for over two years now and extremely little progress has been made.  The latest patches have left the game more buggy and difficult to play.  This was obviously abandoned all the way to the bank.  I am leaving my ""funny"" review up but I cannot in good faith recommend this any longer."
76561197982585991,Recommended,221100,8350430,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Skeeter,You either die a hiker or you live long enough to see yourself become a serial killer murdering hikers.
76561197969803491,Recommended,221100,9996299,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Alpha Bravo Cheesecake,"Day1:Lost.......Tried to be nice to someone to get some help......punched and knocked out......Woke up in my underpantsDay2:Found new pants, Found a pistol..........tried to make a friend..........handcuffed after trying to recieve food and knocked out..............woke up in my underpantsDay3:Decided not to trust anyone (they steal your jeans) , Found an airfield and dressed like G:I Joe, Found an m4 and ammo............punched in the head whilst crouching..........everything stolen and woke up in my pantsDay4:Went back to airfield, Found a pistol, saw a guy running towards me shouting ""friendly"" (was worried about ending up in my pants at this point)....................Shot ""friendly"" guy in head and stole his jeans................11/10"
,Recommended,221100,8499588,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Wilson Wilson,"Hey guys thanks for reading! If you enjoy this and want more DayZ fun please joinhttp://sonsofcherno.enjin.com/:PGot shot for 3 cans of beans, survived, only later to be handcuffed by the same 3 men that shot my knee.As I lay there on the ground pondering as to whether I would survive the encounter with the bandits in Cherno, my trousers were stripped from my almost dead body, this was suddenly followed by an influx of rotten fruit being rammed down my throat and disinfectant to wash it all down with.Seconds later my captors were shot by a hero, the hero came up to me looked me in the eyes as I gazed into his, he un-handcuffed me, I felt as if he was going to hug me.But then faster than a whip crack he blew my head off and stole me ♥♥♥♥in' beans.11/10 would play again."
,Not Recommended,221100,22397256,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Liscion シ,"This ""game"" sets a perfect example of how to do everything wrong in software development(Disclaimer: I'm a software engineer myself)(UPDATE) I never thought this would get so much attention. Before you read the rest of this review, please keep in mind that this - like any other review out there - represents my _opinion_ about this game and mine alone. Since the game is still in development, my criticism is mostly pointed towards the acutal development of this game rather than the game itself. There might be a one in a 1000 chance that I might change this review around by the time the game gets officially released.With a sum of almost 590 hour in this game, I've given up hope on this. We (my family) started playing about 2 years ago and it really wasn't bad back then. Of course there were bugs, things were incomplete, but that's to be expected from an Early Access game.However, as I've been closely monitoring the development progress of the game, I see so many things going wrong in the development team, I almost feel the urge to take a plane, fly there and put some people in their place and teach them a thing or two about priorities.It's been almost two and a half years since the release on steam, the game is far worse than it was 2 years ago. In a long period of time, Bohemia managed to keep implementing 'content' to keep the players happy, while they should've been working on engine-related systems instead.Now they have to ""refactor"" every single piece of content to make it fit with the 'new engine'. As an engineer myself, I know how much time and effort this takes. The person responsible for prioritizing content over enigne should be fired and never to be allowed in game development again.If you follow the development updates on their forums(forums.dayzgame.com), you might notice that the team works in an agile method using 'sprints'. We do the same in our office. However, usually there is one person responsible for prioritizing tasks and planing them ahead. This person clearly thinks from a business perspective instead of something to improve the quality of life of the software (maintainability, easy-adopting and stability), and it hurts me to see this happen to a studio like this.While DayZ started the 'hype' of zombie/survival-games, a lot of much better alternatives got released in the meantime. I'm not here to advertize or suggest anything in particular since I gave up on these types of games after the horrible taste in my mouth that this game gave me.Just to sum up some highlights of the things that happened in the past 2 years:Dean Hall left. No more proper leadership.Brian Hicks took over.Content was released that needed total refactorization for the new engine (who the hell thought this was a good idea?)Looking at the speed things are being implemented/fixed, I'm guessing there is less than a handful of actual programmers on the team.Loot tables got completely messed up. It still isn't fixed. Central Economy? Who thought this up?Server side programming is utterly horrible! Lag doesn't even begin to describe the rubberbanding/desynchronisation  happening in this game.Lastly; Somebody messed up the entire world (height shifts in entire sections of the grid, floating/flying buildings, etc.)Especially the last point of the list above dazzles me. They have an internal testing process. They have an experimental process. Who in their right mind would push these things to a production environment? If you introduce a bug like that (which isn't a byproduct of a feature but just a complete and utter f*ck-up), you bloody FIX IT.So, to answer the question if I would recommend this game to ANYONE:The answer is NO.No you shoulnd't. Go spend your money on something more useful like a tray of sodapops or some food for the coming week.If anyone of Bohemia reads this, here's the proper way to ""port"" a game to a different engine:- Find a game to port (in this case, the DayZ mod for Arma II)- Build a new Engine for your game to begin with - you already knew the limitations of Arma when you guys started.- FINISH THE ENGINE!- Build a toolset for designers and artists to populate the game with content.- Once you have a MVP (Minimal Viable Product), go early access, AND NOT BEFORE THAT!- Go fix bugs, implement content - finish the game.Apparently, people with absolutely NO EXPERIENCE in software engineering in general had leadership over the development of this ""game"".In all seriousness though, big kudos to the team that's been there since day one. All the negative crap they get over themselves right now would completely ruin any form of motivation to even keep working on the game for me.This was my first review. Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,221100,32113373,Posted: 1 June,all,Tamer,"Things that happened since 2013:- My mother's uncle died from Chronic Obtructive Pulmonary Disease.- My cousin's wife gave birth to NOT ONE BUT BUT TWO CHILDREN NOPE NOT AT A SINGLE BIRTH!- My other cousin got over her cocaine addiction.- Leonardo Da Vinci won the oscars. *cough* Caprio.- I graduated from highschool and I'm two years into university.- A military coup happened in my country, as well 5 different elections. Meh that's my country's unstability but whatever.- My brother got through 2 relationships.- Trump became the president of United States.- Brexit.- I spent 1200 hours playing this game with unbearable bugs and glitches.- Learned how to play the piano.- Malaysian aircraft accident.- We get to see J. Lawrance's nudes.- Bieber got arrested.- Ebola epidemic ended.- Same sex marriage became a thing in the USA.- Paris climate agreement.- New Star Wars film.- Autonomous cars became mainstream.- Giant pandas are no longer endangered.- Netflix added offline downloadsBUT THIS GAME IS STILL NOT ON BETA. WHAT THE HELL.edit:Wow, so much hate coming in, the comment section is full with people telling me that I don't know how game development works.At Slumdog Millionaire movie, there's this scene where a rich guy gives a bottle of coke to some poor Indian kids living in poverty. These kids are so happy because they've never drunk coke before. You can make poor people happy with small things, because by default they are poor so their needs are obviously much less than a regular person. The regular DayZ player plays DayZ in poverty as well, a poverty of updates. This is how Bohemia keeps their players ""happy"", they give us small updates. Updates which take 6 months to finish and don't bring much new things to the game.. I was also one of these people.Bohemia sold 2.5million or maybe even more copies for this game. That's more than $60 million.They promised us Beta on 2015 Q4, we didn't get it. They said they wanted to change the game engine, it took their full year. They said the game will be on Play Station, but that's nowhere to be heard. They said they'll add basebuilding 2 years ago, it's not here. They said they'll add injury system, blood on hands when you skin an animal/human. Pooping, marijuana smoking, making the altar radio station fully fledged. Helicopters, bikes, motorbikes, car functioning and maintenance, full damage system for vehicles, stamina and endurance, realistic animal AI. They added wolves, but they can do 180 degree spins while you're running from them. They said they'll make all building floors enterable, they said they'll put vegetation all around the walls of the buildings. They said they will make the Tisy military base contaminated. They said they'll improve zombie AI. They said they'll add zombie hoardes, where are they? Where's the character soft skills? Where's the planes? Character lifespan? Visible scars? They promised us the player controller and new animation system to come around the summer of 2016 or the end 2017, but they still didn't implement it yet. Improved crafting system that allowed us to live off our lives in the wild WITHOUT visiting the cities etc. If I want to pitch a tent, I still need to run around the forest to find a place that both my character can fit in and put a tent. They promised a new tent placement system (link here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4hSGduQ7YE) they said they'll add it in 3 months. They didn't. Here in the Trello you can see what they have in ""progress"" with the exact dates they've been added and have an overall idea what I'm talking about:https://trello.com/b/5yzeFpo2/dayzThe list goes on.You can see their old status reports here:https://dayz.com/blog/please scroll all the way down to 2015 era and see what they promised to us.I'm an experienced DayZ player, I both played SA and topped lots of hours of play on the mod. Sure, this is a fun game. But I don't recommend it to any friend that asks me. If you're not patient as much as I am, this game is not for you. I still play this time to time, but let's be honest. An open alpha game, that made a revenue of 60million, a huge company like Bohemia, can't complete the alpha stage prior to its release, IN 3.5 YEARS? There's something wrong there. Maybe it was Dean Hall, maybe it's with the dev team. But you can clearly say something is wrong there.People are telling me that Beta is soon, you should take a look at the status reports that said beta was soon, around 189318 million times before. I remember them saying on twitter that they don't want to rush beta, so it will be on version 0.81 (current version is 0.62 and they said 0.63 will be beta) We've never been this close to beta before.They said it will be soon, by soon they probably mean 2036 or something. Considering we are not hit by an astreoid by then. lol. If they hit ""beta"" with the current speed they are developing, it is possible that they'll either release an incomplete game and continue developing after the full release, which is probably okay for most people. Or the game will take another 3 years to complete.edit 2:ohh btw, I just remembered. There's another excuse they say, ""alpha is for adding features you dumb ♥♥♥♥""Very good point. Where are the features that they were supposed to add on Alpha? Will they add them all on Beta? Alpha means adding features, Beta is where these features are improved and the bugs are fixed. If they don't add the features they promised on Alpha then they'll continue adding these core features in the Beta phase which means then we'll be likely to see an Alpha-like Beta. Where they continue adding the features they promised years ago.Finally, I hope I'm wrong with all this and the DayZ dev team steps up their game. If they do, I'll surely delete this review."
76561197962145619,Not Recommended,221100,19377081,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,GamingJam,"Alright I have waited over 2 years to write this review and have finally accepted the fact that these guys just ran with the money they made and dont give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ about making this game better or ever completing it!Lets start, this game with every update runs worse each time. There optimizations do nothing but chop away at fps with each release. This game ran on my non-gaming laptop (on lowest settings) a year ago better then it runs on my FX 8350 (8 Core) w/ 8GB Ram, Gigabyte R9 280x SLi Setup with a SSD. I now get FPS drops down to 10 FPS whenever im near more then 10 houses worth of textures no matter if I put it on Everything Max 1920 x1080 or Everything off 640x480.Alright second, for those of us who liked this game when it was a mod for its vehicles, choppers, tents and Tons of zombies making it hard and fun! They still have nothing more then a giant slow truck that gltiches your items periodically 2 years into the game and the Zombies now are so limited you no longer need to use prone or crouch or even restrain from singing songs along your whole journey because there simply are no ♥♥♥♥ing zombies (or not enough to warrant mentioning)Ok now for the Big THIRD and biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥off of all. These guys release this game 2 years ago hoping to get only 50k in buyers and now after having over 3 Million copies sold which by the way even at there current sale price for the game of 33$ works out to over 99,000,000$ Dollars Yes Ninety Nine Million Dollars and they still cant hire enough people to finally finish this game more then one tiny piece at a time. That BTW is 66 times the amount of money they said they would be able to finish the game with, within a year, at launch date!And for all your trolls Yes I know its Early Access Game and Guess what thats all it will ever be! 2 years and 99 Million dollars laters and DayZ Standalone Has lost all my respect!"
,Recommended,221100,8350422,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Quackrz,A group of males handcuffed me and took my pants off.10/10
,Recommended,221100,8183363,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Andy,Forced a man to eat a rotten Banana and he died 10/10
,Recommended,221100,8183806,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,ßenneth,Some guy made me eat a rotten bannana and I died
,Recommended,221100,9831019,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Hanzo,"DayZ is when you fall from 2 meters, and I'll break your legs and crawl the hell knows how many in search of death,DayZ is when you have 5 cans of corned beef, and you're starving because you have nothing to open themDayZ is when you are sure that standing in a field, and then you turn around and you stick the axe in the skullDayZ is when you hit a zombie with your fists, and at 3 meters there is a man standing and looking at all this and then kill you,DayZ is a when within a radius of 5 kilometers there's nothingDayZ is when I got stuck in a house and zombies can walk through walls just because they can do it,DayZ is when you try to make friends with someone and then he encases you in handcuffs and kills you,I love this gameIf you liked the review,please write a comment in my profile,I appreciate this very much =3"
76561198148956637,Not Recommended,221100,28433865,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,BotaQ,"3 Years of alpha3 Years of bugs3 Years of promises3 Years of liesPeople, just look at the road maps from 2k14 and 2k15. Check it and then compare it to the current state !They promise, they make status reports where they say we are working hard on ... and on ....But where is the result ? WHERE ?They are banning people on the forum for their own opinion about the game ! They called me ""Troll"" and banned me permanently for talking about the current state of the game ...Dont support these ... nah.I dont hate DayZ. DayZ is great idea but ... I HATE THESE DEVS.Stop lie and tell the truth ! Just fix bugs, add the most imporant things which we are waiting for and stop promising thousands of things which you know you cant make !P.S.: Hopefully i wont get banned for this review - eh ?"
,Recommended,221100,10599158,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,.Kanvy*,"I ran into a new player whom has never played any installment of the Arma series.I preceeded to teach him how to play for a rough 50 minutes. Soon, he was getting the hang of things. I jokingly put handcuffs on him and forgot we had no keys. I told him to struggle, but avast no success.Eventually, this 5 minute joke turned into an hour hunt scounging around a town for a hacksaw to free him, defending him from zombies and the elements. I fed him, gave him drinks and comforted him. In the end, he was never mad at me. He had complete fun with the hilarity of the situation.As our supplies ran low, I told him the bad news once we had hit the last building in town. He too had realized we were at the end. He got on his knees and I asked him what was on his mind. We both knew what was going to happen at this moment. I legitimately felt sadness and cried as I trained my gun against his back head. The sun setting in the distance. I told him that one of us will have to walk this earth for eternity, and that I should be the one to suffer the curse. Instantly I felt nothing more then the cold air against my back neck as the echos of my gun filled the town. Zombies began to run towards me as I held out in an abandoned apartment building at the top hill of town. I made sure to spare no zombie, nor myself.I still walk this earth as we speak. Making sure to leave cans of beans and cola at every apartment building I pass. A tribute, and an offering to my shortly lived friend. Rest in piece Ryan (3).7/10 I kept finding blue beanies."
,Recommended,221100,8380686,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,iBenParry,"The only game where a half naked dude runs at you yelling ""Leroy Jenkins"" then knocks you unconscious with a baseball bat and steals all you loot.11/10, would play againPs, stahp sending me friend requests--------------- ACTUAL REVIEW ---------------So, it's been a year since DayZ released and how far has the game come? Not far at all. Bugs that were existent with the release with the game still exist, like zombies coming through walls, constant server crashes and a really, really bad combat system. For a whole year, I jumped on the bandwagon, bought the game, made a half arsed review which blew up and I tried my hardest to enjoy the game amongst all the problems.But enough is enough. The developers are lazy at fixing their game, but as long as we have different coloured shirts and the ability to plant tomatoes, everyone is happy. Fix what is breaking your game first before adding in new features, which just add more bugs and issues to your game.In another six months when I rewrite this review, I do hope that I can recommend the game, I really do. But as it stands, it's far beyond a joke and I have no more interest in playing it with the current state of play."
,Not Recommended,221100,30241536,Posted: 28 February,all,hidersnake,My grandchildren may enjoy this game when it's finished.
76561197963170732,Not Recommended,221100,19482428,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Danny Rose,"2 years ago i heard about a game which sounded almost 100% like what I'd been looking for, based on character interaction, with survival the only goal, a true sandbox with it's story content made by the players themselves.Dayz SA appeared to be this game, so i bought it, at release it was pretty terrible, something stupid like 4 guns in game, basically no content, but this was ok, it was alpha and a year or two down the line it would be taking shape.The game sold over 2 million copies, and the devs got rich, awesome, they can speed up the development with all this dollah and still be loaded! This did not happen.2 Years down the line and the game has barely been developed. Lets look at the things which this game potentially requires to make it interesting.Character interaction - Right now, with no real threat from zombies, starvation or the elements, there is no reason to seek help from your fellow man, and as such, most people shoot each other without uttering a word. Without a pre determined group to play with, you will find little interaction, and when you do, you will quickly realise you are doing nothing other than what you would do alone.... loot for hours on end, to potentially lose it all to a 500km sniper shot you don't even hear/falling from a 3m drop.Base building - this endgame content could realistically require people to form groups and interact to complete tasks too daunting to face on their own, possibly a future savior of the game... But 2 years and $100m down the line and we have basically none of this. Right now you can lock a door in a house (which can be opened by hitting it with an axe ONCE), or hide items in unlockable barrels/tents which are regularly wiped by the servers/updates.Vehicles - a smaller version of basebuilding, getting a vehicle working could be a reason to group together for a cause, the only problem is, right now a vehicle takes on average longer to repair than to run across the entire map, then when repaired are probably the worse iteration of vehicles i have ever seen in a game. Though they are right now possibly the only reason to band together with fellow survivors.Survival - Perhaps the challenge of survival against the elements/zombies could be a draw to the game? No.zombies finally made their re-appearance to experimental build after the massive drop in player numbers without them, and are a minor threat, but are so sparse and easy to outrun, they are nothing more than a hinderance. Food/the elements are a joke, you can find enough food and drink in any town to survive for an untold ammount of time even on a full pop server, the elements take the form of the heat and the cold. both implemented in the most irritating way possible, you often have to stop running for 10 mins to sit in a pool of water naked to cool yourself down because you got hot from running too much, cold is the reverse, you didnt run enough, now sit next to a fire you spent 5 mins crafting, great fun...Gunplay - Ok so perhaps this will be a great shooter game? It COULD be, it's more tactical then most other stuff on the market, and your aim matters less than your intelligence and positioning, it's the thinking mans shooter. However, to really compete you are going to need to spend 3/4 hours getting a military grade weapon, and probably only have a firefight every hour or two. It just takes too long for a quick pvp fixThere is much much more but tbh I am getting irrate writing this review as it reminds me of the massive dissapointment this game has been so far. I personally believe the Devs have given up, they're about a year behind their last ""roadmap"", and were suppossed to be releasing a beta by jan, if the game went to beta in this state it would be a travesty, but then again, taking this long with the budget they had is also a travesty. I think they will probably get it to the bare minimum of playability and hand it to the community to finish, which is pathetic, but probably the games only hope.One day this game could be amazing, but it will not be in the hands of the devs"
,Recommended,221100,8561033,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,♥,"Walked into a room on a night sever, in which 2 guys with no pants proceeded to beat me over the head with  shovels, Chanting tribe chants.11/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,33758709,Posted: 23 July,all,Cyberian Husky,"I came back to DayZ after a lengthy hiatus. Having played some other EA games in this time, such as Space Engineers, 7 Days to Die, and PUBG, it really opened my eyes to just how terrible a state DayZ is in, and how incompetent the devs are. Most of my hours were from less than 2 years after release, where some bugs were understandable. Returning for a few hours 3.5 years after release and finding the same bugs and issues is mindblowing. i don't think this dev team could make Pong 2 with a million dollars and a 2 year timeframe. They should be ashamed.I also took a look at their old development roadmap for 2015, just for giggles. Most of the planned features listed for 2015 are still not even remotely in place, as of July 2017. This includes advanced vehicles/animals, player stats, reworked stamina, barricades, soft skills, aerial vehicles, a console prototype, animal companions, Steam Workshop support, construction, and, best of all, Beta. You can see for yourself here:https://dayz.com/blog/dayz-moving-into-2015I don't accept any of the excuses anyone makes for the dev team. I don't care if you need to rework the whole game for a new engine, maybe you shouldn't sell the game at $35 before that.If you're looking for adrenaline, play PUBG.If you're looking for zombies and base-building, play 7 Days to Die.If you're looking for a DayZ that works, play an ArmA mod or invent time travel.If you're looking for something fun and complete, play literally anything else.TL;DR devs suck, play literally anything else, the game and devs epitomize how to ♥♥♥♥ up EA in every way possible."
76561197964522341,Not Recommended,221100,20817157,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Vostok,There should really be a limit on how long a game can go unfinished on here before you get a refund.
76561198021347992,Recommended,221100,8404976,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rizyx,"My eyes open, i can hear the tides crash and the birds sing, then it hits me....RUN!I find myself hurtling towards the tree line hoping not to disturb any Z's but praying not to be seen by someone else.As i dive for cover under a tree i take a moment to check my inventory and my surroundings, all i have is the clothes on my back, no food, no drink but most importantly no weapon.I crawl my way to a small hill and search for any sign of life or in this case death..I lock onto a group of buildings that seem like army barracks and decide to head for them hoping to find some provisions, hugging the tree line i crouch run my way down to the buildings, stopping every few seconds to check no one is following me.I reach the first building and dart inside, first room i come across is a shower room with nothing inside except the smell of despair, onto the next room and lying in the corner is a backpack, i head straight for it and search inside hoping to find food or water, but instead nothing..Still finding a backpack is better than nothing, as i head to the next room i see a shirt lying on the bed, not knowing what i might need later i decide to take it with me, in to the next room and relief hits me as i come across some food, i pick up the tin and read ""baked beans"", not wanting to stay in one place too long i decide to put the can in my backpack and inspect it later.I get to the final room and come across some gloves and a compass, feeling like this had been a successful quest i turn round and head for the corridor, but before i get there i stop dead in my tracks, the excitement and eagerness to continue dissapears and is replaced with complete panic and fear as down the corridor i can hear footsteps...I close the door and try to get out of the window but knowing this is wasting time i search around the room for some kind of weapon, not finding anything and hearing the unknowns footsteps closer to me, my palms become clammy, my heart races and i know this could be the end, this noise could be from a Z that i disturbed whilst running for the building, it could be another person, someone like me just trying to find something to keep him or her alive, but all i can think of is if its another person that isnt like me, but is a veteran and is seeking his or her's next victim, determined not to be that victim i crawl under the bed praying they wont look under here.The door flies open, all i see is 2 legs standing there, they arent Z legs which is a relief in one aspect but now i have to decide whether i lay here quiet or if i speak out and try to communicate with the legs...The legs walk into the room, and stand by me, i decide im going to speak out, i start to type ""hello, frie...."" BANG BANG BANG!!!I almost scream out! not knowing if i had been shot or if they were warning shots for me to get out from under the bed, as i look round i see another pair of legs standing by the door, this time i know exactly who these legs belong to, these legs are the veterans, picking on the weak and claiming lives by the hundreds, knowing my end is probs near i turn and see the other pair of legs, only now i see more than legs, i see the head and body that goes with them, as the pool of blood spreads around the body, i look into there eyes and think to myself, what was their story...."
,Not Recommended,221100,18882833,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,TheLocalMilitia,"- Avoid -Update: I made a video discussing my concerns and grievances on the current state of DayZ. This video can be viewed here:https://youtu.be/RycxyWkkGRQI love this game, I really do. However no matter how much I love it, I have to give it a thumbs down. With nearly 600 hours into the game I believe I have the right to share my opinions on the game thus far.DayZ is just one of those games that started off great and ended up being a neverending supply of letdown.Deadlines have not been met and the updates are up to the point where they're basically nonexistent.I honestly suggest leaving it a couple years to see how it plays out. At it's current state it's filled to the brink with bugs and glitches and from something that I would consider a AAA title, it's not worth the purchase.Please don't give me any of the 'Early Access' excuses. If anything, the development for this game has gone backwards rather than forwards. This game was full of promise, yet now I'm left with nothing but dissapointment.Taking a look at the 'To-do list for 2015' the development team haven't even cracked the surface on what was meant to be introduced this year. From the same company (Bohemia) that created ArmA 2/3 I would have expected them to care a little more for a product that, to be honest, sold their game.I will continue to play the game, but not as active as I once was. I'll probably log a dozen or so hours every month to get a gist of how much the game progresses from now on and share my thoughts as the year(s) draw on."
,Recommended,221100,8462709,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Pickle Rick,"I got stuck in a wall and died11/10will defeat wall next time, just wait and see"
,Recommended,221100,8206374,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Chipmayo,I licked a battery.... it tasted 'fully charged'
76561198046257490,Recommended,221100,8614371,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,HashxBrowns,I got chased by a guy in his underwear for miles. he was screaming ask me about my wiener.
,Recommended,221100,8189642,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,jmoak3,I starved to death because I couldn't open my can of beanshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=205001934
,Recommended,221100,8403747,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Foster,"Killed a french man who didn't retreat, only in Day-Z 10/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,32341989,Posted: 11 June,all,ReflKnight,https://gyazo.com/b9b717f0b7b50e8db77d8b771c6e7420Nuff said in this picture.
76561198003965458,Recommended,221100,8806223,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Barry is Welsh,"While I was roleplaying as a train on the tracks an individual in their underwear ran up to me shouting ""Fus Ro Dah"" then caved in my skull with an axe screaming ""Train Soul Absorbed""10/10. Would play again but will avoid Dovahkiin in future"
,Recommended,221100,8134365,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Volka,You eat spaghetti a single strand at a time.10/10 would spaghetti never forghetti again
,Recommended,221100,8484002,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,.#KimoSabbi,"New friend dying from thirst, on ground whispering last words when no-item supervillain runs out of nowhere with haymaker to the back of my neck. We died on top of each other as our bodies were pillaged and our pants were stolen.Cried my eyes out, it was so beautiful. 10/10"
,Recommended,221100,8615055,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BillyTheBunny,"I spawned in search of my friend. During my adventure i stumbled across a guy bleeding like a woman on def con 5. I told him to tear his shirt into rags and bandage himself. He replied gratefully. I asked if he had any food, he replied a can of beans I can't open so I didn't ask for them. We parted ways. About a half hour later he showed up on the highway with 2 goons. He must have ate the beans because he had the energy to yell thug life, punch me out, steal my pipe wrench. I stood up only to be plastered unconscious by my own wrench. They raided my britches and left me to die. Beans change a man.11/10Edit: Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil, for my handcuffs and baseball bat are with me."
,Not Recommended,221100,24249058,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Chimz,"I've been playing DayZ for 3 years now and I'm one of the Veterans of the game so here's my review (if you don't have time to read just scroll to the bottom for pros and cons):At first, DayZ seemed like the next generation of gaming. A game where you have the option to kill, but you don't always have to. it was more about interacting with players. Talking to them, handcuffing them, saving them, robbing them, torturing them and many other things. DayZ represented the true face of a Zombie Apocalypse world. They would add lots of new stuff including natural ways to find food or clothes and etc. You could hunt, you could pick fruit, you could plant seeds and grow them and many other things. There were a lot of things you could craft. But this all didn't happen in 1 week. It took 2 years. After that the developers lost their idea of what DayZ was supposed to become. They started adding worthless loot and changing the gameplay from rpg to action. Now it wasn't clothes that were being added or bugs that were getting fixed, it was weapons. Only weapons, lots of weapons. To the point where you could never worry of not having a weapon to kill someone. Slowly, DayZ changed to the game it is today. A game that anyone who even glances at you will fire a bullet towards you if they can. All those Youtube videos of people getting handcuffed or messed with got replaced by videos of PVP Battles. So now, all the new players are small minded people who came from Counter-Strike or Call of Duty, which means the only thing they know how to do is kill other players. This isn't the DayZ we've been waiting for for 3 years. This is crap! For the last 2 years 80% of us players have had the most horrible graphics. After 2 years they've nearly but not fully fixed that. Until a few months ago I still had the will to play for a new experience, but that will is now dead because of all the bullets I've taken to the head. I have to say this one: There are items that have been made from the first day and still not usable after 3 years. You call that developing?A players will to play will last long, but not long enough to see this game fully released.Here are the pros and cons:Pros:Next generation open world rpg game.Lots of players from different countries.Lots of servers.Cons:Longest Early access game in the history of games.Has a big but slow and worthless developer team with a big lack of leadership.More bugs than you can imagine. Even for a game that has been in development for 3 years.Changing from rpg to action killer game.I might be one of the only 10 DayZ players from 11,000 who knows you can break rocks with a pickaxe and use the rock to sharpen your axe because everyone is busy finding guns and new glitches and bugs to kill other players.In conclusion, if you want to play this game, you must be willing to put up with hackers, 500 different bugs, lots of glitches, KOS players (KOS: Kill on sight), walking over 10 kilometers a day and spending at least 3 years on the game until it finally reaches Beta!"
,Not Recommended,221100,34267568,Posted: 15 August,all,DapperDan,"$126,000,000one hundred and twenty six million dollarsTHIS NUMBER IS ROUGHLY THE AMOUNT OF MONEY THIS GAME HAS GENERATED BASED OFF OWNERS AND PRICE.I CAN'T EVEN IMAGINE WHAT YOU DID WITH THAT KIND OF MONEY TO PRODUCE THIS GARBAGEA DECADE OLD MOD MADE FOR FREE IS STILL BETTER THAN THIS EXTREMELY WELL FUNDED TRAIN WRECK OF A CASH GRAB.SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,221100,8127018,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,pussbear,"Cuffed a guy with handcuffs, force fed him disinfectant spray and a rotten kiwi. He vomited, and fell unconsious. 11/10"
76561198022808580,Recommended,221100,8436625,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RazoR',"Some guy put his middle finger up to me, so i chased after him and axed him in the face. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,32396764,Posted: 13 June,all,Hamz,DayZ is the reason I no longer trust Early Access games.
,Not Recommended,221100,33315498,Posted: 6 July,all,nick (ENG) | YOUTUBE |,i wish you could refund a game that has been in early access for too long
,Not Recommended,221100,17650857,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,NotInThisEra,"After 1111 hours, if I had to describe this game in two words, they would be ""Broken,"" and ""Disappointing.""It boils down to a terrible game engine with little to nothing done to improve it, and thats about it. I'm going to go into detail anyway, because I like to complain.How many years has it been - about 3, yes? 3 years of development. Sure, the team started out small, and has gone through some changes over the years, but is this really all they have to show? Even when Bohemia took over, things didn't improve. Let me carefully go over all of the things I love and hate about this game, and why I never plan to play it again.Major Cons:- Sound.It's broken.  While playing I am constantly bombarded  with repeating moans, split ammos, eating and drinking noises... oh god make it stop! Gates opening, clips being reloaded, and god knows what else. If anything, sound has gotten worse since the beginning, and now zombies make your ears bleed as they constantly spam random moan clips like they're part of a down-syndrome orgy, even if theres only one zombie. Good.- Performance.Yes, I am going to kick THAT dead horse, oh yes. I know it's basically a pile of mush and crumbled bones at this point, but god damn it, I expected some kind of improvement after this long, but if anything the game runs worse. Even on the lowest settings, where everything is basically a brown-green pixeled blur on the screen, the game runs like a man who is coma-stricken, severely asthmatic, and has no legs. The engine acts like an apathetic nurse, occasionally walking up to the man and flipping him over so he doesn't lay in his own feces for an hour.-  Net-Code/Bullet Detection/What the @(!% is happening?So I spend hours looting, feeling tense and unsure of my surroundings, adventuring and meeting people, until finally I catch someone from behind, blast them in the head (and see the blood), only to have them spin around and kill me. This happens all the time, and it's because even though I killed him, the server hasn't quite understood that he is dead yet, so despite his screen violently shaking and flashing red because he's technically dead, he will have no problem being temporarily undead and turning to return fire. Great.- MovementHoly mother of jesus. If anything exemplifies the fact that this engine sucks, and that it needs to be ripped out and completely redone... it's the movement. How many times do I have to press ""V"" before I vault over that fence? 2? 4? 6?? Well, sometimes it takes a few presses, and I die because of it. Kind of important to get over objects while being chased.How about when your legs are broken? Heh, good luck fitting through doors, scrub. Oh, and if you do manage to sqeeze your obese♥♥♥♥♥through a doorframe, you'll have to do a kneel-stand-prone dance on any ledge above 1-inch that leads outside, and sometimes it doesn't even let you out. Hope you weren't being chased.The half-second of input lag (was this intentional? If so, that is worse) whenever you try to start/stop moving makes you feel like your character is moving through thick mud (although feces would probably make more sense for this analogy). I cannot count the times where the delay between my release of a movement key and my character actually stopping has caused me to go flying off ledges, cliffs, and into the open. I'd call movement 'janky' or 'frustrastingly mind-numbingly bad' but I don't think there are words left to describe how awful it feels.- Graphics/ability to see what the @($* is going onThis ties into performance, but I felt it needed it's only brief section because of how bad it is. Yes, on the lowest settings this game looks like garbage - we all know that. However, looking like garbage wouldn't be an issue if I could actually see enemies within 300 meters, but I can't. The settings are so♥♥♥♥♥♥that I can't see through windows, I can't see people, and I can hardly move around unless I'm in the middle of nowhere with no buildings around whatsoever. If you want to have a fight in the city, have fun - just make sure you have one of the NASA computers.♥♥♥♥♥♥""Minor"" Cons- Broken Zombie AI (they are braindead, and still walk through walls)- Weapons drop to ground even when you have bag space- Bag space often glitches and requires relog- After cutting down a tree a stick is put onto your back (what level of insanity is this?)- Hands often glitch and can't be used to hold anything, requiring relog- Bouncing off things at a great height and not dying (yet falling 4 feet can kill you)- Horrible hit-detection with melee attacks- Severe shaking when cold, but nothing to indicate level of cold - no way to effect temperature (other than fire and sort of heat packs?)- ""Default"" button in settings is too easy to hit. Remove this from the god damn game. I spent hours getting things just right to accidentally hit this thing.- Loot spawning is broken - buildings with dozens of coats while other buildings have nothing. Delete old loot, useless loot, and repopulate loot please. Nothing useful is up north anymore, at least nothing I can't just get south. This is silly.- Drinking from well/pond. Let me drink until I want to cancel, or until I vomit. Don't make me spam ""drink"" over and over or wait five days to take one sip. I got♥♥♥♥♥♥to do, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Major Pros- Adventure/tensionI like the adventure and tension... but only when the game isn't lagging, and when the server is responding... and when the admins won't just kick you for killing them. Huh, maybe adventure isn't so great.- Meeting PeopleI like talking to people and wondering if they're going to stab me in the back or not, but nowadays I've given up on it. It's a risky thing to do, and after so many wasted hours, I don't want to waste 5 more just to be backstabbed by a 'friendly' guy. And that's why I never meet anyone anymore, or if I do it's at the end of their gun, pointing at my nose as it blasts hot lead through my brain until I am no more than a bloody puddle on the road.Other Pros- ???So yeah, don't buy this. After 3 years the game has added a few articles of clothing, guns, and trucks - nothing more than a tiny strip of cloth acting as a ""bandage"" being applied to the long-since dead corpse that this game is. I became addicted to the adventure and tension early on, and I suckered myself into thinking the game would improve. It did not.I am ashamed to have bought this now, and as I look back all I can do is shake my head in despair, wondering why things haven't changed. Well, the price changed. The price went up. Fancy that.I wanted to make some great analogy about how Dayz is a skeleton and how terribly empty it is, but instead I'll just say the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and always has been. I see no future in it, and neither should any of you.Good day sirs.PS (excerpt from comments)""And Hicks, I assume by saying ""not yet ready for the main Steam branch"" you mean whatever you are developing can't even run on steam (servers or clientside) effectively?Not that it matters, because when you bring up the fact that we are only playing on a placeholder, I wonder why it is you guys are still developing for it instead of focusing on* your assumedly newer, better version of the game. Are you doing it because the information gathered is revelant, and because the changes you make to our current version are somehow revelant to an (again, assumedly) entirely new engine/game?You know, it doesn't even matter if I understand the process or not. The fact is, after a couple years of basically no change, I just can't help but shrug.What hope I had is gone, and my patience has all but dispersed like the tears of a one-winged angel (so dep).Don't buy this game. """
,Recommended,221100,8253775,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dougggglas,I havent slept.
,Not Recommended,221100,32539447,Posted: 18 June,all,Chicx,"Played the mod in 2013, fell in love with it.December 2013, DayZ Standalone is on.Bought DayZ SA in 2014, played a lot.Dropped in 2015, still in alpha, they say ""the standard development takes about 3 years"".Took a look in 2016, still in alpha.June 2017, I see alpha 0.62 build, this is ♥♥♥♥ing unacceptable.The biggest disappointment (and scam) of my gaming life."
,Recommended,221100,8367587,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,A D&D Character Sheet,I ran around in my underwear chasing a dude with an axe because he said my undies where stained10/10
,Recommended,221100,8430614,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,IndexZer0,Used a ladder and died 10/10
,Recommended,221100,8432956,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,meltboi,"Got handcuffed by a group of 5 males, forced to take off my trousers, eat a rotten kiwi and attempt self fellatio‎.Then got shot.10/10"
,Recommended,221100,8414983,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Amari,Pushed my boyfriend of an edge of a high building. He died. I stole all of his loot. 10/10
,Recommended,221100,8545617,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Hingle,"got killed by a guy with a lamp on and a yellow raincoat, asking me about the light of christ.10/10"
,Recommended,221100,8782505,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Porridge,"A man without pants attacked me and broke my legs, then he mugged me of MY pants and ran away.I don't understand the motivation, he didn't even wear them."
,Recommended,221100,8465470,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Pretender,"1. You don't get arrested for not wearing pants. Not like that time in kinder-garden.2. Feel like a hobo or any other eastern-european as you fight for the last can of beans and then die from starvation while opening it.3. Game will support oculus Rift and other accessories via mods. Best way to prepare for a true apocalypse by learning to run like a olimpic sportsman! Get fit.4. Secound best tool, after Dota 2, for  learning Russian. You will learn it and you will regret it.10/10 Best moments of my non-existing life."
,Recommended,221100,8147650,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bebe Akbar,tried fighting fire with a fire extinguisher - apparently you can't fight a fire by punching it. 10/10 learning something new everyday.
,Recommended,221100,8209289,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Alty,I never knew how many rotten kiwis existed until I played this game.
,Recommended,221100,8408186,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Scarrsards,"I spent my first two hours alone in the dark in a swamp, in which I drank water from it to sustain me. Until I went into a city, found a purple backpack and met my first zombie. Five zombies and a man with a shovel chased me through the streets until the zombies ate the man. I hide on top of the hospital where I tore up my own shirt to stop the bleeding. What followed was another hour of wandering, until I found a barn. I start walking down and missed the last step. I hit the floor and died."
,Not Recommended,221100,22299081,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,FoxHound,"I was there since the beginning.The VERY beginning.I played Nogova Virus for Operation Flashpoint over and over with my friends. It was so simple, but so, so much fun.We made our own zombie holdout missions, too.I was among the first people to play the DayZ mod. I was there, saw it grow and develop over time.Eventually the inevitable happened and we got the standalone announcement. I was thrilled. Everyone was. I bought it and so did my friends. It was amazing. Surely, it was lacking in many respects, like zombies having no pathfinding at all and phasing through buildings. Still, we damn played it. It felt like a culmination of the childhood years of poorly made Operation Flashpoint mods.Three years later.. I feel as if the game has not progressed at all. Zombies were buggy then, they're buggy or nonexistent now. You could die suddenly and inexplainably from a bug then, and the same can still happen to you. There are more towns, but I can no longer tell them from each other because they function and look the same. Performance feels even worse than before. Community has dwindled to a core group of die-hard murderers and elitists. Gone are the days of innocent exploration, the stories of friendship and betrayal. Only paranoia and almost spreadsheet-like pattern of effective looting remain.Maybe in another three years the game will be good, but I doubt the bad taste will ever leave my mouth.I feel as if things have only gotten worse,or I have only grown bitter from having what I hailed as a culmination to my faithfulness being defiled by this demented, stretched-out perversion."
,Recommended,221100,8395758,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,you reach i teach,Got killed over a rotten banana.10/10
,Recommended,221100,8708755,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,cancer,Worst dating sim ever.
31232174932519321,Recommended,221100,8409573,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mr. Schmeeby,I found spaghetti
,Recommended,221100,8405930,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,virtualghost,playing scary sounds on mic around people during the night is so funny11/10
76561198120997841,Not Recommended,221100,20600560,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Emperor's Finest,Can't wait for my grandchildren to play the beta.
,Recommended,221100,8315206,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sparkesykkel,Get a bag of rice and you're set for life10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,19034235,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Alvazia,half life 3 will be release before this game finished
76561198124191973,Not Recommended,221100,28511148,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Over-whale-ming,"Before, I had a fairly weak computer, but still within the ""minimum specs.""I could barely play the game.Then, after less than 10 hours in-game, I WAS PERMANENTLY BANNED for ""cheating.""Now, I was very confused, as I had not cheated in any way.After doing some research, this is what I found out: I was accused of ""modifying game files.""After digging a little more, I found that I was basically banned for not running the game fast enough, as the files didn't have time to load.But their customer service would help me, right?Wrong.I emailed them about my situation, and to this day have had no response.Why write this review now? I'll tell you why: upon signing into Steam today, I found that I NOW HAVE A VAC BAN FOR THIS GAME. I was banned well over a year ago, and they just now applied it to my account. This is my first (and only) ban for any game.In a nutshell: trying to run on a potato will result in a permanent ban, even though I have since upgraded my PC.I have deleted this game from my account, and have no intentions of buying it or any other Bohemia Interactive games again.BUYERS BEWARE.EDIT: As it turns out, I did not recieve a ""VAC Ban,"" but a ""Game Ban"" applied by the devs. Today, however, I recieved another ban for DayZ... which I STILL HAVE NOT PLAYED. This one shows up on my profile as a game ban, and I'm not happy about that."
76561198007052777,Not Recommended,221100,31365697,Posted: 25 April,all,zin00,"I gave this game a positive review years ago, but now that i have 2800+ playing hours in this game i have i changed my mind. This game can be fun; the PVP and meeting people can be great, but that's all there really is to the game. They don't know wether to make this a PVP genre or PVE one.I've stuck by the devs side and was a fan boy for years. I played this game everyday for YEARS, rarely a day would go by without me playing dayz with my friends. I owned a server that went top 20 in the world for dayz SA. I taught many server owners/admins how to maintain their servers and how things worked. I ran one of the biggest clans/teams ever in Dayz. I then went on to be a admin in another top 5 Dayz SA servers in the world.I just cannot support BI any longer. They say they only fix ""Game breaking"" bugs in Alpha stage. They don't.. There were times and still are cases where there's major bugs not being fixed and they get dragged on for months even close to a year without a fix. Even after the new engine is implemented no ""Major"" bugs are being dealt with. We're tired of hearing the ""Alpha"" excuse, other games in EAA fixed game breaking bugs right away. It took years to fix the floor from breaking your legs and sometimes it still happens. We were told that all ""reproduction of the swimming glitch were fixed"", they were not, and it took 6 months to fix, so people were getting killed by servers filled with players glitching/swimming in the ground. They removed Zombies, and then put them back in, still broke. They removed cars to fix them, put them back in, still broke. Another major bug currently still in the game is not being able to walk into buildings or many doors without you getting moved/shot all around getting you killed from players or infected. The devs gave us a timeline of things that would be done years ago. Nothing was added or done in that timeline.On top of all that they are only pushing 1 or if you're lucky 2 updates a year then some players will come back then leave after finding out not much has changed. How many people do they have working on this game? I mean this game has put such a bad taste in my mouth for any other EA game. The steam discussion forums are cancer. You can't give some criticism, or speak your mind without getting banned. I've never seen anything like it on steam forums before. I've been banned multiple times without breaking any ""steam discussion rules"".The past month(March 2017) and currently, Dayz has reached the lowest peak players it's ever reached. I know about 50 people who know 50 people who know 50 people, ect.. who recently quit dayz. Another issue is BE is a terrible anti-cheat. In the middle and end of every patch servers are infested with hackers, so much that you can't even play the game, it's just pointless. Now they have completely removed the option to ban players on public hives, killing the gaming experiance even more. That's one of the most stupid things i've seen these devs do. Now playing in public hives is just a hacker/glitch feast with everyone and their mother cheating and the owners of the servers who pay top dollar can't do anything about it.I used to turn my cheek to people with opinions about my favorite game Dayz. I've had so many people buy this game and taught them the ropes. I even bought 2 Dayz to have multiple characters. I loved this game, but now i just have a sour taste in my mouth with this game and all EA games. I've uninstalled this game and i would not recommend it. Save your money people.My first account is zin0 with 2600+ hours, account is seen on page 1 of comments. I posted this review on this account, so it would show up on recent reviews."
,Recommended,221100,8292907,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Major Scumbag #DaddysHome,Licked a battery... Now I am blind
,Recommended,221100,8764817,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,JoeUber,The only game in which you can beat a 13 year old to death because he talked rudely about your mother. 11/10
,Not Recommended,221100,15722910,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,ZERO,"Since this game was $30 when it went into early access in 2013, and went up in price the last few months..Over 2 million copies have been sold. Let's say 100,000 of these copies at $35Thats:     1,900,000 x 30 = $57,000,000     +     100,000 x 35 = $3,500,000Which is a total of $60,500,000Over 60 million dollars, and it's still in early access.Not to mention the game is getting worse.Instead of the trial and error system the game seems to be going through at the moment, why not just listen to the community and give people a game worth $30? Don't get me wrong, I've had tons of fun with this game, probably one of my favorites ever. But there comes a time when you have to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Form a team capable of meeting the goals you have set for yourselves, efficiently and with community input. Because at the rate things are going, I'm almost sure this game will stay in early access for a few more years. I'm almost starting to think this game was never meant to be completed...Just because you have reached a financial goal, and continue to make money, doesn't mean you have to stop caring about making a great game."
,Not Recommended,221100,17352053,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,✪ vietnam flashback,"I bought this game late 2013 (29th December).BACK THEN:Loved the game.Great graphics.Loved the idea of conditions.Zombies were scary.80 FPS (In a city, normal graphics.)2014:Got slightly buggy, still enjoyable.New items, great!Met a hacker!... oh.60 FPS (In a city, normal graphics.)2015!:Early Access since 2013.Mod has less bugs.Zombies are stuck in the floor.Desync.Movement bugs.Broke my legs going up stairs.Hackers blowing up Cherno.Hackers jailing us in tents.Hackers spawning so much loot it lags the server.Zombies were nerfed.Servers went down for a week.Spawns thirsty.Buggy suicide.Corpses launch in the air meaning lost loot.Unconscious bug. (You get unconscious but are not able to wake up, others see you standing up)Buggy vehicles.(http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=486235009my friend only drove for a second trying to steal a car and then the car did a 45° turn and flipped over.)There is no way to flip a car, once you make a 45° turn on 40 km/h you will flip, and if you drive in a straight line at 10 km/h and get shot out, the car will drive on its own way.Zombies 100% ignoring you when the engine of a car goes on.Hacked servers (Everyone would spawn at the SW airfield, caged in and forced to starve or get shot).3 FPS EVERY 20 SECONDS ON THE FIELD IN EVERY SERVER!Did I mention early access since 2013?"
76561198006597549,Not Recommended,221100,12717080,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,josephmcmullin,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AND FURTHER FEED THESE DEVELOPERS. I NOW HAVE PROOF THE DEVELOPERS ARE TRYING TO DISHONESTLY REMOVE THIS DAMAGING REVIEW> SEE LINKED SCREENSHOT. I've uploaded it again as somehow its been flagged and taken down...UPDATE ITS NOW BEEN TAKEN DOWN 3 TIMES BY COMPLAINTS...I WONDER WHO....http://imgur.com/HbqKLjPIf you look at the screenshot, there are two places to look. The first part is the orange part. The developers have attemped to dishonestly remove this review by flagging it as ""Abusive"". If you read it, there is nothing abusive about it people. The second part to look at in the picture is the chat pannel with a Moderator on the forum. He confirms that is in fact the Producer of this game ""Hicks"" that tried to remove the review from Steam. This is a clear attempt by the Developers to silcence critisism and restrict free speach. If you read below you will see ""Hicks"" comes up often, and has had run ins with me before.---------------------------------As you can see I have almost 350hrs on record. This is negative review of the Developers, their tactics, and the state of the game so long into development it is frankly appaling this game is still so under developed. I decided to review after being PERMENTANTLY BANNED from the forum by the Developers without a given reason. a second ban for speaking my mind, showing the facts and informing others from an informed perspective.The basics:1. This game has been in development for almost 2yrs, and far far longer if you count the original mod. I don't, however for those with game developing experience 2yrs development on a game where much of the basic foundations and information are already present in the mod is poor, to have 2yrs go by and this product is still in ""Alpha"" is shameful.2. Numerous deadlines were missed, numerous targets moved and some altogether disapeared, the owners of this game have repeadedly been told things were going to happen which they have failed to deliver. Reports of game breaking and terrible bugs from day 1 continue to today, with the developers bragging about adding a fireplace, a pot, a pig....when zombies can run through walls, hit you whilst invisible, and players can look through walls and even shoot through them. Shameful. Fix the house lads before you paint the garage....3. I was banned from positng on the forum very shortly after I made readers aware of who these ""developers"" were, what products they made, and the track record of misinformation and failed promises from the Dayz Team.3. I then spent the next 4months playing other games, I had given up. One day 4months later I decide to see if my ban has been lifted and what the status of the game is now after such a long time away. Surely the've fixed bugs that were prevalent 6months ago? What a suprise....NO. This time I posted a topic on the forum about the current state, and the fact I had been away for so long and nothing had improved, we were STILL in Alpha. Within and hour I was permenently banned. The reason given? Just a blank black box....Anyone already thinking what I'm thinking?SUMMARY1. This game is now confirmed to the PS4, when they haven't even fixed massive and basic issues, they clearly have used this as a massive cash grab to potentially pay for the full development of the PS4 game. Why else would it take them almost 2yrs to stay in Alpha yet state there will be a PS4 version soon?2. The developers have fundementally failed to deliver on their promises, and continue to do so.3. Any dissent is met with 4-5 die hard fanboys who operate with total immunity, insulting, showing the most repugnant language and attitude in clear abuse breach of the rules, yet the dissenters are banned, removed, and shipped off. Even screenshot clear violations are completely ignored. I had one person publically talk about my ""trophy wife and family on the forum. I reported the abuse and showed evidence...ignored. Essentially this is similar to the Day One Garry's Incident fiasco where the developers are clearly putting a concentrated and dishonest effort to silence critics and not allowing freedom of speech. Would you beleive me if I told you that every single trace of my posts and evidence has been deleted from the forum? Outrageous.4. This game is sold on a wonderful premis and has great potential, the developers have taken approx £30m and have utterly failed to use that money to develop a proper working game. Instead our money has been spent on buying an Eastern European developer nobody has heard of, and 4 thousand that have hate them, and the rest of our money is being spent of the full proper development of a PS4 title people will have to pay for again if they want to see what the game was supposed to be.IF ONLY ONE PERSON READS THIS AND DOESNT BUY THE GAME MY TIME WILL HAVE BEEN WELL SPENT....DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,221100,8524211,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,rebounder,"Got stripped nude, got a banana shoved in my mouth, had a stroke, got killed off for beans. 70/9"
76561198128271614,Not Recommended,221100,34260223,Posted: 15 August,all,LiveAndLetPie,"So back when I was just in my teens I watched 3 random youtubers play this new game I had never heard of before. The game was called ""Arma II"" and they said it was a ""mod"" called ""DayZ"". I didnt know what a mod was, what Arma meant, or why this game was called DayZ. But having watched such shows as ""Survivorman"" and ""Man Vs Wild"" I instantly fell in love with the game. It was exactly what I was looking for, something for the hardcore survivor geeks. I quickly learned that not only was this a survivor type game but also a zombie game, I didnt really care for zombies but I saw that it added a certain flavor to the game, a certain mood. But most of all this was my first time being introduced to this type of ""MMO PVP"" style of game, the unease of knowing anyone could be watching at anytime was something I didn't know could be in a video game.I came to watch many youtubers play this game and lived through them, sharing in their experiences. I eventually found Frankie's videos and those changed how I saw the game completely. Like many others I found out that DayZ is what you make it. Frankie made it into something worth watching and waiting on, something that had depth and an underelying story but that you could still be silly in.I wanted this game so bad but at the time I didn't have a Pc that could run anything else besides Lego Island. So I just became content with watching. Until I found out that the man behind the mod had plans to make his own standalone game.I was so excited, I saved up for almost a year in anticipation of the release. Some people don't undertand why we were so excited at that time, but y'all have to understand that this was the modern day equilivelent of PlayerUnknown releasing PUBG. We wanted to hop on this wagon because of the asured destination, a game that in time would succeed the mod.I couldn't buy it right away but I purchased it sometime between initial release and when they had fixed the axe positioning (originally the axe was at a weird sideways angle, was playing before the movement update somewhere around there).Here I was, first time ever playing DayZ, finally ready to make my story. I first spawned in as a black female, not the race or gender I had originally chosen, walked in the first building I found which was the construction layer cake building. Walked up the stairs, fell through the floor and broke my legs, zombie came and ate my face off.Welcome to the Standalone.I realized this was not the same game I once had a passion for, it was different. Still though I was determined to see this new experience through, I gave this game a solid chance. For as long as I played this game I've only had a handful of great experiences, but those experiences were absolutely amazing, something that could only happen in this game and the mod. The players were clever, atleast early on, which made for these mini stories to be had.But after all that waiting and saving up and anticipation, it wasn't enough. I'm glad I had those times but in retrospect it wasn't worth it for the amount of time I invested in. It would be different if the game wasn't riddled with player killing glitches, the game only becomes enjoyable after the first 90 deaths because it takes that long to figure out where not to step, or to test the ground with a can of soda before dropping your weapon so that it doesn't get swallowed up.To go through with this game you need to have alot of love for it, and some people have invested in much more time then I have and still have advised against getting this game. It would be different if the game had made any forward progress but unfortunately that is not the case. I'm still glad I was initially insterested in this game because it opened the door to learning about this great genre. I now have a love not just for survival games but also for more slowpaced games as well. Games like Arma III, Squad, Miscreated, The Long Dark, Escape from Tarkov etc. And it introduced me to the content creators of such games.3 years ago I fell through the floor in my first time playing DayZ, 3 years later and it still happens to the most seasoned players.This game isn't broken, something has to be whole to be broken."
,Not Recommended,221100,32480386,Posted: 16 June,all,Zugma,"""Yeah this is kinda fun, I'll come back to it once it's fixed""Spoiler: It never gets fixed."
,Recommended,221100,8318804,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Razz,I was thirsty so I sprayed disinfectant into my mouth and died.
76561198035242169,Recommended,221100,8432408,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ragbeach,Finally. I can now fulfill my fetish of force feeding hostages rotten kiwis.This game made my life complete. 11/10 Would play again.
,Recommended,221100,8433036,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Eimar,Best walking simulator ever.10/10 Would walk again.
76561198063518304,Recommended,221100,9722066,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,DisJort,"10 minutes into the game... hadcuffed and stripped naked while being fed bananas by bandits as they chanted ""potassium..Potassium...POTASSIUM""11/10 would increase daily potassium intake again"
,Not Recommended,221100,13876354,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Shags,"Day Z.DayZ is one of those games where both frustration and exhileration come together to make a video game that breaks, no smashes it's competition all the while being completely broken and devoid of any real and valuable progress towards practical completion.To complete my review i will do a pro's and con's...Starting with the pro's.The game allows for almost limitless freedom and promises even more in the future as vehicles and flying are brought forth via supposed updates, However the game becomes quiet linear very quickly once you get your head around what's going on and how to succeed at doing it. Basically, Spawn, Gather, Gear Up, seek a skirmish win or die and repeat.Best played in groups the game allows for a pack/gang of players to divide and conquer as you take over towns, city's and army bases / airfileds at will be sheer force of numbers on your way to 'gearing up' your toon. Gearing up basically prescribes hours of grinding in the form of scavenging for materials, food and loadout. All the while defending yourself from the Zobie apocalypse and even more threatening - other players.I can honestly say that the process of gearing up can often take so long that you feel attached to the toon, You work so bloody hard to gather the gear required to defend yourself and survive... So much so that when the time comes (and it inevitibly will) that you have a skirmish with another player or group of players you feel so vested in surviving that the game genuinly gives you a HUGE adrenalin rush!! Truly, It does! These skirmishes never end well... Although there are multiple things that can happen typically the end result is the same - you get killed - Only the way in which you die or how long this takes varies.Examples of how I've been killed so far:Shot,Axed.Stripped completely naked of all equipment (except underwear) and handcuffed and fed disenfectant - Die a slow painful death.Death by Zombie,Death by glitch.Death by being forced to stand beside a servcie stations fuel bowser while the enemy shoot it and blow up the servo...Death by cold.Starved.Electrocuted.It goes on and on...The cons.My biggest gripe is with the DayZ developer's, Bohemia Interactive and Dean Hall (DayZ's founder). I feel like we are being completely and totally taken for granted and here's why...The game is early access, We sign up for this on the promise of the games potential and we make this decision based on what the developer tells us they are doing / going to do to make this game complete.Since DayZ standalone's early access release it has sold over 2 MILLION copies!!! Thats right TWO MILLION + because the two million mark was actually reached sometime around May of 2014.http://www.joystiq.com/2014/05/02/dayz-standalone-racks-up-two-million-sales/Given that was 8 months ago... The actual current figure could now be closer to 2.5 MILLION or even 3 MILLION copies sold...So here's my point - lets assume it's 2.5MILLION copies at an average of say $28 per copy accounting for periods of reduced cost to buy to average out Steam Sales special's  ... 2.5 million times $28 = $70 MILLION in sales for this game and it hasn't even left ALPHA.!!! $70 odd MILLION in sales !!!So the issue for me and many others is not the money, It's the lack of meaningful progress in the games development cycle. At writing I have just over 400 hours of game time logged. In 12 months I have seen a slow and infrequent update cycle where no real beneficial or meaningful upgrades happen... For example;: One gun gets removed and replaced with another gun. The new guns is useless until the next patch because there is no ammo in the game for it.: The guys dutifully upgraded the textures of some objects - Things like Zuchini's (food) and so forth that make no difference to the game what so ever other than visual. Really? Can't the polish wait till a little later in the dev cycle?: The melee is essentially completely broken. Hitting a zombie usually finds you flailing madly trying to move the cursor around the zombie's body to find that small area where the hit can be registered. all the while, it never misses you with every attack.: Clipping. Clipping everywhere! And... yup you guessed it.... it's not being fixed.: Teddy Bears? They gave us teddy Bears in the .52 update, Yay!!! Why? Why when I still can't cook food or fly a chopper? Why?You see the thing is.... after taking 70 MILLION odd in sales Bohemia and Dean Hall are currently laying on thier beds at night making money angels in the layers upon layers of $$$$ bills.All the while taking us, and you the prospective buyer completely for granted. Why push to complete the game - In thier eyes clearly they don't need too!!Seriously considering making a facebook page where we (the paying community of end users) can lobby for improved progress and frequency of meaningful updates because at the rate these guys are 'pfaffing' around changing textures on Zuchini's and adding Teddy Bears in four different colors this game will never be completed in a reasonably acceptable gestation period.What's the average norm for a game these days, start to release it's normally around about a 2 year cycle afaik... Yeah.... well we are well on the way to eclipsing that date and we are still playing an alpha game with more things broken then are fixed, more proposed content and fuctionality missing than in game and... no real direction on when we will see it.My advice, H1Z1 is coming to Steam very soon... Suggest you check it out before you buy this, because I suspect it will take the crown from DayZ very quickly once released because... you guessed it, It has a active team developing the game under the guide and watchful eye of Sony.So with the knowledge the game's development is almost non existent - well thats not exactly true... More that the development not being meaningful to improving the game is leaps and bounds and knowing they have raised over $70 million from it, I ask where is the investment in the game?Why hasn't the development team expanded, new expereinced people brought in in large numbers to get the thing moving - accellorating productivity and the quality of the output.Like I said - it all points to a developer who is taking the Intelectual Property for granted - harvesting it for all it can without putting in the development $$$ what they know they should.Well... i say you get back out of it what you put into it.Bohemia and even more so Dean hall - You should be completely ashamed of yourselves.Steam - You shuld too for allowing such a reputed developer (ARMA series) to take it's purchasing customers for granted in this way. You need to tighten up the EARLY ACCESS rules with a view to ensuring progressive updates are delivered on a agreed schedule (failure to meet a deadline see's a financial penalty to the studio) to protect the end user.$70 million raised and after nearly two years it's still broken and still ALPHA.COMPLETELY DISGUSTING.Sincerely, Shags."
,Recommended,221100,9856086,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Mikey,A zombie survival game where zombies are the least of your troubles.
,Not Recommended,221100,14399114,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Camden,"I've played lots of DayZ. And I've enjoyed most of it. But, unfortunately, after a year of early access and over 60 million dollars in sales (!!), I really cannot defend the rate at which this game is being developed anymore. Like it or not, the developers have already sold the game to the majority of their potential playerbase, and for them to ignore numerous issues that drastically damage most player's gameplay experience on the grounds that it's still alpha is unfortunately♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off their playerbase.  After more than a year in development since the start of the alpha, the game has somewhat more content but feels no less broken.With the amount of money they've made on this game, I cannot understand how they can only manage a few bug fixes every other week and a few new models every month. Maybe it's a staffing issue, maybe it's management... I can only speculate. But after over 2 million units sold, they should not be making excuses at this point."
,Not Recommended,221100,18909310,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,NethKhadar,"Two years of Alpha and near no progress, starting to look a whole lot like abandonware.EDIT: banned from the forums for being a rabble raiser... what ever that means when i called out a mod for removing valid disscussions.complete and utter scumbags."
,Recommended,221100,8481200,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Snow,"Spent hours looking for water. Defeated a dozen zombies with a crowbar. Found food, guns and ammo, as well as med-kits. Jumped down 7 stairs and died.10/10"
,Recommended,221100,8079198,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Beemo,This game offers a very realistic depiction of Detroit.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuVJP7HoV0A
,Not Recommended,221100,18780824,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SugEnFet,"I'll put it this way. I've supported DayZ with my whole heart since the mod, and it's an awesome concept, I love everything about it. Except for how it's faring with progress. Here's the to do list from November 26, 2014.Q1 2015:Basic vehiclesAdvanced loot distributionNew rendererNew Zombie AIBasic stealth system (zombies and animals)DiseasesQ2 2015:Advanced vehicles (repair and modifications)Advanced animals (life cycle, group behavior)Player statisticsNew UIPlayer staminaDynamic eventsQ3 2015:TrapsBarricadingCharacter life span + soft skillsAnimal predators + birdsAerial transportConsole prototypeQ4 2015:Animal companionsSteam community integrationConstruction (base building)This was scheduled to all be done by 2015, and we're closing in on the end of this year. The developers are lazy, or not interested in working with DayZ anymore. Every update is add a few weapons or items, and that'll be that and it works as a temporary satisfaction for the playerbase. Well, guess what. The performance is dropping, I used to get 40 to 60 fps in towns, now it steeps to twenty. I started a new life from a long hiatus, got gear and you know what? Didn't see a single zombie in MAIN TOWNS.  And the performance was STILL lower then what it was on the release date. I had better frames in TOWNS on the release date then I have in the country side these days. And this is on a mid end PC, how are they expecting to port this to consoles? With our luck, it'll be an half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥port. DayZ is steeping lower and lower.By this point we'll throw a dice, it's pure fate on what'll happen with DayZ. Either they turn it around, or it'll never come out of Early Access.EDIT: I am very displeased with it all, but I do not support refunds. I agreed on that term, and I understand that that money isn't coming back my way ever again.Plus, all this about the 60 man team, if you're making one of the most anticipated zombie genre games of, arguably all time, why just hire 60 persons, especially when you're backed by a big company such as Bohemia Interactive?"
76561197991651785,Not Recommended,221100,30954450,Posted: 4 April,all,burza,Steam should remove this game from the store.
,Not Recommended,221100,24979236,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,A scary boy,This game shows that all early access games should be allowed to be refunded no matter playtime and time owned until official release.
76561198040161312,Recommended,221100,8178996,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,AK247,"I was looting a house, fell through the floor and died."
,Recommended,221100,8199068,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kevinaker,This is better than the time I had a two hour fapping marathon. 11/10.
,Recommended,221100,8605588,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Hot Pocket,One time I ran into my friend so fast that I broke his legs. I love this game so much.
76561197992354718,Recommended,221100,8712190,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Pistol Bobcat,"I killed a man for yelling ""Friendly!!!"" at me. No one yells at me while i'm shooting them. 10/10"
76561198101704622,Not Recommended,221100,30694909,Posted: 23 March,all,Roki,Been alpha since adolf hitler
76561198102473077,Recommended,221100,8585929,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,HeavyMetalKoda,"got handcuffed, forced to do naughty things to a corpse, escaped......found again. handcuffed yet again, forced to dance for my abductors, herd of zombies come to my rescue, zombies chase off abductors. i go to highfive my heros. get eaten alive. 10/10 would buy"
,Recommended,221100,8690341,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Jack's Tattoo,"I spawned 50 feet from another guy. He waved at me, I waved back. He asked if I had a weapon, I said no. He gave me a fire extinguisher, I beat him to death with it and took his shoes."
,Recommended,221100,8929780,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,anger,"So me and my freiend found this random dude walking along the side of a road and unlike most people int his game he actually came to say hello when we talked to him. Pretty chill dude. We told him we would give a prize if he sang a song and we like it, so he starts signing some songs. After a wuick vote, we realized we couldnt agree on wheter or not he was a decent singer. We had this dude play three more songs before we decided that we couldn't ever agree. I loved every note that this dude sang, but my friend wasn't having it. We agreed that we should try something else to test this dude's worthiness. We quickly devised that if we started shooting off some rounds and it attracted zombies, that he would have to fight the zombies. We would mend his wounds if he survived. So we empty like a clip or two into the air and I kid you not this dude single handedly kills 14 zombies with a baseball bat and was barely bleeding at all. We quickly tended to his wounds and agreed that he deserved whatever one Item he wanted. Then this crazy dude starts chasing us, we hight ail the heck out of there but the guy was really persistent. We look over our shoulders about a mile up the road and sure enough, he's still running at us like he wants to hug us really bad. But seeing as he has abaseball bat equipped that he just used to kill like 14 zombies with, my friend and I were reasonably afraid. we Run like 4 towns away and this guys is STILL following us. He was probably the most persistent person I have ever met in my life. He just simply and unequivcally would not give up. Finally, about an hour of solid running later, we talk to him. We agree to stop and give this dude his rightfully earned prize. We ask him what he would like or if needs anything. This dude went silent for awhile. He was quiet for about three, maybe four strau=ight minutes. My friend and I talked and didn't want to disturb this crazy killing machine, but he earned a prize and a prize he should recieve. We then asked him if he was still there and again want he wanted or if he needed any supplies. He said he was still there and that he was just having areally bad day. apparently this guy's dog just died three days after his girlfriend broke up with him because he couldn't move with her across the country to Califronia. He really loved this dog and had had it for roughly 15 years. He proceeded to tell us a few stories about the dog and how much he loved it. He said he was really upset about his dog, and cared way more about it han his girlfriend. One time he took his dog to a park, and he started to.... uh... well, be VERY friendly towards a homeless man. This guy clearly loved his dog and had tons of stories to share with us. Aftwerwards, feeeling rather sorry for the guy, we asked him one last time if there was anything, anything at all that he needed from us, it was his. At this point, he very wearily siad ""I'm gonna need 'bout tree fiddy."" it was at this moment that I realized this traveler was actually a hundred-fifty foot sea monster from the Paleozoic era. ""God damn lockness monstah!"" I said. ""I ain't givin' you no tree fiddy!"" He ran way super quickly and I never saw him again"
76561197999423934,Not Recommended,221100,32514879,Posted: 17 June,all,quD,Excellet game and its potential ruined by lazy and incompetent developers
,Not Recommended,221100,22536122,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Dagron,"~4,5 Years on early access, 1 update in the past year.-TL;DR. Don't Buy it-What ever happened to ""WEEKLY experimental branch updates""?Classic ""early access"" scam, hype, sell a lot of copies, delay after delay until the cashflow slows down, go on full damage control mode, ban/mute/delete anyone who doesnt praise this failure you dare to call game in all the platforms you have control of, hence that steam reviews is one if not the only platform where you can see what's really going on (28% of positive reviews last time i checked), make it look like you're working w/o actually doing anything, and eventually release the unfinished game not delivering half the things that were in the roadmap years ago.This game used to have +90% of good reviews back in the day (yes, its been that long) when they where delivering (cosmetic/bait) updates regularly, they got real lazy and entitled, and here we are.Do not recommend this or any game in which the individual head developers or the company might get involved in the future."
,Not Recommended,221100,23045204,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,poros1ty,"A DayZ developer banned me from the DayZ steam forum because I made a post expressing my disappointment on the lack of progress in the development of this game. At the time of the last stable patch in December 2015, I posted a thread titled ""2 years in Early Access and still only 50 man servers"" with a message of ""joke is on you"", and I was permanently banned from DayZ discussions forum.http://i.imgur.com/Wy1dByj.pngThis was the only post I ever made on the forums and I was somehow permanently banned for it. The banned by a DayZ developer notification also failed to quote the flagged text and reason for the ban and my requests for further clarification and attempts to the have the ban lifted have gone ignored in the last 5 months. These developers are very unprofessional, not only with how they treat their customers, but also by how slowly they update their game. Do not support them.Further proof is listed below:http://i.imgur.com/ZJenksV.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/8XPMcCy.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/9tmu5iH.png"
76561198006928957,Not Recommended,221100,30284368,Posted: 2 March,all,PokeMeTV,"The DayZ team is currently at its lowest point in the history of its development. Disengaged from the community with less patch releases than ever before - it truly is close to the end for what could have been a fantastic game.I've got a few hours in this game, and truly enjoyed myself when I first started. The problem became when it started to feel like a task to play the game. The limited content available became dry very quickly, and the saving grace was the occasional PVP encounters. That's really all that kept me (and a lot of my long term DayZ playing friends) engaged.But lately (probably 12+ months now), even the PVP has become sparse and unrewarding. There was a period of 4+ months where in %90 of PVP encounters you couldn't loot the person you just spent all of your resources killing. I get that these bugs happen, and it's alpha. I can handle dealing with these type of game breaking bugs, because I accept the state the game is in.What I cant accept is the extremely poor response to these many many many many bugs (gamebreaking or not). The DayZ dev team takes MONTHS to release patches, and when they do, they often either break more integral parts of the game (such as extremely low item spawn rates or unable to hear gun shots near you - RIP). These patches often don't even fix the loudest concerns this community has. It's like the dev team is 2 people and Brian Hicks, working part time.I'm not angry. I'm just extremely dissapointed. It's taken 4 years to get to what we have now ... and its just not worth it. Whoever is financing this team needs to do a reassessment of its operations, because, as a business operator myself, there are some very clear, very serious, management concerns on this team.The game *may* launch one day, but unfortunately, the extremely amateur development process will have destroyed any loyal fanbase that once existed.2 years ago I would have said ""give it a shot!"". Today, I actively tell people to avoid it and save their money & time."
76561198040494271,Not Recommended,221100,23129469,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dudeman,The actual zombie apocalypse will happen before this game is done
,Not Recommended,221100,34893573,Posted: 11 September,all,Rangecontrol,"""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME""I bought the game to ""Actively Support development"". It has been four years. How ""active"" is ""active development""?"
,Recommended,221100,9293597,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Bender Rodriguez,"Some guy ran up to me screaming Spanish, and then stabbed me until I fell unconcious, then he sang me a lullaby until I died."
76561198077811095,Not Recommended,221100,16012822,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Casper,2013 - DayZ Alpha2014 - DayZ Alpha2015 - DayZ Alpha- Need I say more? Or that they got $60M in DayZ Alpha ...& It still hasn't left.... Alpha.
,Not Recommended,221100,19535872,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DisikMoon,Stephen Hawking runs better than this game
,Not Recommended,221100,20939363,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,HeythereHitman,Haven't played it since 2014. Neither have the devs.
,Recommended,221100,15987599,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,aaaaaaaaa,My grandchildren will enjoy this game when it's finished.
76561198121668841,Not Recommended,221100,12647565,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[MRR] Downtown-1,"I love this game, it is one of the best I have ever played; however, I refuse to play it anymore due to the relentless hacking that permeates the game at all levels.The purest form of pain you will feel after spending 2-5  days with your friends acquiring weapons, food, and clothes, and then only to be murdered by an invisible hacker wearing a stupid mask and can warp through walls will drive you to a level beyond any pain threshold normally experienced.  Maybe fire, being burned alive compares.Everytime they do an update, within minutes the game is hacked to pieces by these underage, hairless children whom testosterone has never touched.And there is no recourse.  If you are a fan of masochistic behavior, no novacaine root canals, and stubbed toes, you have found your match game."
76561198108562053,Recommended,221100,8762991,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Torch,You constantly hold down w and you find stuff. 11/10
,Not Recommended,221100,18036082,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Wolfensanity,Steam's best-selling scam
,Not Recommended,221100,29566126,Posted: 29 January,all,✪ SCANDYPANDY ✪,yo when it comes out of Early Access you can refund it regardless of your in game hours.
,Recommended,221100,9598286,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Hunter,Got sexually harrased and handcuffed with pants off and bandits forcing me to listen to justin bieber through mic10/10
,Recommended,221100,8586451,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡Joneza,"*Drinks water* ... Ten seconds later ""I'm Thirsty."" 10/10"
,Recommended,221100,13333915,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,chronobroken,"This game is unforgiving, you mess up in a gunfight, 5 MORE HOURS OF RUNNING!Death to everyone."
,Not Recommended,221100,16104669,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,[Pingperfect] Shayd,"If I could choose one game from my Steam account that I could get a refund on, it would be this crap!Just release the server files to the modding community, and let people fix this Sh*t for you."
,Not Recommended,221100,12624483,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Капеллан Ордена Пылающей Розы,Alpha DayZ. Alpha DayZ never changes.
,Not Recommended,221100,15213344,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Bane,"EDIT:It is now April 5th, 2016. It has been exactly one year since I posted this review. So far, literally nothing has changed from the day that I wrote this review. It doesn't surprise me that all the fanboys in denial who went as far as spamming on my Steam profile have now come to a realization about this trashy game and shut their mouths.EDIT #2:April 23rd, 2017. Two years have past since I've originally posted this review. I'm pretty speechless to be honest. Yeah... don't buy this game.TL;DR - Don't buy this game. The mod will provide you with a better experience.DayZ is probably the biggest example of a cashgrab I've ever seen on Steam Early Access. As the game has now been in development since its release date back in December 2013, the developers have made tens of  millions of dollars off the 3 million copies sold (since January 2015). Many people have asked what happened to all this money: Only rumors remain... (I could go on a rant about how Dean Rocket stole all the money for himself and is now living in a cozy mansion but I digress).Please don't get the wrong idea. I really enjoy DayZ as a game.What infuriates me, however, is the fact that this game has so much potential but was all squandered with the lack of updates, fixes and news from the surprisingly large development team. In the time that I'm writing this review (April 2015), it has been just under two years since the game's release (excluding the many months of development beforehand as well as the Closed Alpha stages - dating all the way back to May 2013 and even earlier) and very little improvements have been made; thus, the game remains in Alpha despite the many deadlines in which the game would move into Beta and even release, only to be delayed every quarter of the year.My personal experience with the game has been an ever-worsening nightmare. With some history playing the DayZ mod and the many variants of it (Epoch, Overpoch, the whole lot) on ArmA 2, I simply just had to purchase the game only a few months after release with the mindset that it would be a great game by the end of the year, especially with the videos being posted left and right showcasing the new features and potential that it would be superior to the mod in every single way. Boy, was I wrong.The main issue that was supposed to be fixed many months ago but has been pushed back was theoptimizationof the game. I cannot account for anyone else when I say that you require a NASA supercomputer to run this game. This is the main area where DayZ shows its potential: The game has gorgeous visuals on maximum graphic settings. The reality of this is that the majority of people that play the game have to run it on the lowest settings due to poor optimization and use of an outdated engine that fully renders the entire map all at once for some reason.The game struggles even with the most basic functions such as moving, vaulting, equipping weapons and such. Often times, I would die because of how glitchy the ladders and staircases in the game are. Inventory management is a drag and does not add any realism or immersion. Also, it is important to mention that the game presents a very pooratmosphere: Apart from the few piles of debris (I'm talking about the infamous tossed-out laundry machine) and the building with the plane crash located at Cherno, all the major cities in the game look like they were built yesterday. The developers could have easily made vast improvements rather than just ripping the map off of the mod and just modifying the spawn points and adding a few cities. Other than the major cities, many of the small villages in the map are recycled and reused many times. It's easy to get lost in the map because of this. The use of an online map would deter this but, at the same time, remove what little immersion remains.One large factor which was lacking in the standalone game but had a strong presence in the mod wasvehicles. At this time, there are only two vehicles in the game which are very similar: Both are military transport and they look visually similar, the only difference is the number of seats they provide. Due to the size of Chernaurus+, it would be less of a hassle to travel by vehicle rather than spending hours sprinting to a location. A bicycle at the very least could have been added.I had high hopes for this game after its release. Unfortunately, the game does not deliver what it promised. The developers know this but yet continue to release very small updates every now and then to give us players the illusion that changes are being made in the game. In all honesty, there is no hope for the game. With all major fixes being constantly delayed, it is doubtful that this game will exit Alpha. Please save your money and play the mod if you want a good experience. Thank you."
,Not Recommended,221100,16296451,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,NoWillKiin,i think the world will have a zombie apocalypse before this game gets out of alpha
,Not Recommended,221100,16382373,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,c r y s t a l. ケーキ,"They have raised the price and stalled development, It seems like the devs cashed out as much as they could then stopped caring. DayZ has officially become the reason why I do not support early access games.It's been about a year and a half, and most of the promises haven't been met. Zombies fly through houses and kill you."
76561198079496382,Recommended,221100,8557286,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SupMatto |K|,"I tried to be the good guy...the guy your son would be proud to tell his friends about, but the zombie apocalyspe changes you.  That first time you come up to Cherno as a fresh spawn and a group of men handcuff you, assualt you, and leave you for dead changes you. I've paid my dues and now I'm coming for revenge. Those days of being assualted long burned into my memory drive me to slay all I come across. I won't stop until those responsible are dead.tl;dr This game is full of sociopaths. You will become one of them."
,Not Recommended,221100,30059313,Posted: 20 February,all,Jarek Hawkman,"I've played DayZ since the beginning, and had some of the best times in my gaming carreer in this game.The feeling you get when you're getting into a firefight is amazing, sometimes you would die die to desync and lose everything you have but that's probably because it was in very early stages of developement in december 2013.Huh, what do you say? Oohhh yeah that's true, almost forgot! They still didn't fix the desync and we're in 2017 now. The development is going terribly slow and i'm beginning to believe that this will never get fixed. It's also very common to get a heart attack by running down the stairs in police station.It's the best concept ever, but i'm not sure it will EVER be the best game we all want it to be.Graphics: 9/10 - Looks amazing, you could make photo's of it and your mother-in-law would be jealous.Replay value: 6/10 - After you die because a terrible bug, it's hard to get the motivation to start all over again.gameplay fun: 5,5/10 - When it works, it has the most intense moments you will ever see in a game, WHEN IT WORKS. :)optimalization: 2/10audio: 8.5/10 - They've added new gun sounds a while ago and they sound amazing!Community: 6/10 - Alot of KOSers and squeakers, but you can find funny, weird and friendly people aswell.price/worth: 5/10 - Should be $14,99 and $25,- when they get closer to release with noticeable changesTotal: 5,9/10"
76561198015073437,Not Recommended,221100,15797513,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Whyena,Somehow this game seems to be getting worse as it develops...
,Not Recommended,221100,26155190,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Crixus,"The biggest fault you ever did was the choice of the game engine. Arma 2 engine was always bad and will always be. Dayz's engine ""Enfusion"" is just the  engine of Arma 2 with additional and modified components, so Dayz is still based on the Arma 2 engine.To say we will fix the bugs is like to say ""Adobe Flash Player"" will be save someday. There is a reason why old bad written engines are replaced by new ones. And a lot of games die because of bad mangement and bad reinvestment in the game itself.You earned  over 70 million dollars with this game, enough budget to have a team of 300 people for some years and what do you have? A little developement team which is the slowest i've ever seen. Well maybe Bohemia just ♥♥♥♥ed up the game with their management ? I don't know.But what i can say this game will never be what people, including mine, expected. There will always be the movement bugs, bad physics system and bad particle system not because the team run out of money rather they are not good enough to create a good game.That's the hard truth that we have to accept some day.Bad physics is the most obviously problem they have, but there are much more. They have a awful system to implement new items in the game and it seems every new item needs weeks of work and brings tons of new bugs to the game. The netcode is totally bad, just throw a item and see how bad the synchronisation is because of bad written routines.Lootsystem.. i mean what ? they told there are not less items in game just more spreaded? and there is loot respawn ? where ? game seems completly emtpy.Buildings: buildings are just copy paste and placed in a new order. Seems designers are in vacation since months. They need a year to implement a sound system that already exists and animations for wolves ?If you would have a team of 50 really really professional guys(not this guys) it would be faster and much better to create a new game-engine from scratch than fixing this game.At first i recommended this game because the idea had a lot of potential but now if i could i would refund it because the money is just waste on this team...Sry, but hoping this will be a finished good game is a waste of your thoughts."
,Recommended,221100,9808297,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Imi-,"Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, found a rotten banana, eat, died.Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, fall off a cliff, died.Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, forced to eat rotten apple, died.Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, got gangbanged by a group of zombies, died.Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, got tortured by some bandits, died.Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, fall off from a 5cm height, got my leg broken.Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, found a guy, handcuffed him, stole his items.Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, got handcuffed and they left me naked with some zombies.Run, run, run, walk, walk, run. Run, run, run, walk, walk, run. Run, run, run, walk, walk, run, survive. But still, the best game ever. 10/10."
76561198129175525,Not Recommended,221100,32514807,Posted: 17 June,all,Zorgoroth,"I bought this game on March 10, 2014 and it is still in alpha. I demand a refund. I don't care how long ago the purchase was. I was promised a full game by 2015. It has been 3 years!"
,Recommended,221100,8247400,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Boner Breath,No spawns. No zombies. No guns. No nothing.11/10 would roam around aimlessly again.Edit: they still haven't done anything worthwhile to the game. It was good for an alpha 3 years ago but i'm not gonna pay for a game half a decade before I can play the finished product. The devs are lazy or undermanned.
,Not Recommended,221100,28240517,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Nutz,Can't recommend a game that has 1 update in a year.
,Recommended,221100,9800847,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mr_Camdo,"Don't...even...bother... not picking up this game! This game has changed my life completely. I'm now sober (6 months! I know, still keeping my fingers crossed, because of my relapse last year), and I'm also off Heroin. Last year was a difficult year for me, I was diagnosed with testicular cancer, something about the way I rest my laptop on my left testicle that managed to cause internal bleeding. Ever since I picked up Dayz 6 months ago, I've stopped resting my laptop on my testicles, instead I've been resting my testicles on my laptop. I thank the developers of this game for creating a masterpiece, and creating a beacon of hope for when I needed it the most."
,Not Recommended,221100,10221352,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Saracen,"Don't get me wrong, I like this game. I play it a lot.I just can't recommend it. Written during Alpha 0.44.123800:DayZ is entirely a game of going to the North East / North West airfields, hopping from server to server hoping to find fresh loot, and then picking up and hunting / helping other players. That is saying that you aren't found and killed by hackers, desync and be killed by invisible zombies, have your leg broken by entering a door, or being shot by a long range sniper. This is not even to mention the zombies' astounding ability to phase through whatever physical barriers exist in the world. What you should get from this is that Battleye is indecent allowing hackers to operate, the servers are very well horrible and so is the game engine as of now.After you have gotten all of your new found loot, give yourself a pat on your back! You've completed half of the game, so far. Now you have the enjoyment of sprinting all the way back from where you came, which takes about 30-45 minutes on average. Due to there being no vehicles in the game so far, running takes up about 75% of your time. I'm not exaggerating.Then comes the real fun. Welcome to Berizino! A town of bandits, newbies, and hunters! Beware the herds of newspawns, they are an odd nomadic species of players; a herd will approuch you, attempt to knock you out, and if they succeed, will take your items, weapons and ammo, and proceed to murder all others present in the herd. Luckily, these are quite rare outside of major cities, and only occur on populated servers. Bandits, and hunters, with their hacker varients roam the cities as well, looking for others to murder: it is your duty to turn the tides and save those who are in need! The needy shall repay you handsomely, with a volley of bullets in the body, as players in DayZ are generally horrible shots. And so ends your life, and begins the cycle again.In all, this game is a big loot grinder with a deathmatch / hunting game at the end. Friendly players you meet are lying about their intentions, and the only remotely good people you can find are in hardcore servers. DayZ currently has a small choice of weapons, food, ammo, etc.; and no selection of any other means of transportation other than your legs, which results in exeedingly long running times to move from one point to another. With infrequent updates, poor content within said updates, and a horrible player base, this game is not worth the 30 dollars. Wait for this game to come out in Beta, and in the mean time, please go purchase some other, more fulfilling games.TL;DR Wait for the game to be more developed, it's not worth it right now."
76561198034504173,Not Recommended,221100,28279419,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,D.J.Remington1858,The best game of all time that never was.
,Recommended,221100,9925266,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,ogcapp,Hiking Simulator 2014
,Recommended,221100,9717668,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Zakuto,My friend wanted to give me blood.He accidentally took my blood.I died. 10/8
76561197968292802,Recommended,221100,8438201,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,☜✰ Happuff ✰☞,I walked on a stone and died.10/10 would walk again.
,Not Recommended,221100,15328485,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,F✪X,"Ever wanted a game that will never seemed finished? How about a game where all the devs have terrible decision making skills and back them up by saying ""too bad dont play it""? Welcome to dayz a game where you will never see the player that killed you because he is a hacker teleporting across the server executing everyone. A game where you'll see the devs brains in action through the zombies. A game where the car drives underwater and through the ground. A game with no loot because the devs think they are smart. DAYZ where your trust for early access games comes to die. Dayz where they take a game engine that seems a little broken and break it more.Some of my favorite parts of this game are:-Watching other players iceskate. this never gets old even in a gunfight!-Watching the beautiful zombie ai-Watching the devs kill your framerate by adding more cities instead of fixing zombies, loot, ect.Overall Dayz standalone is the best running simulator for any year since it will never be done.Just download the mod instead."
76561198025598665,Not Recommended,221100,17890848,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Nooro,"A zombie game without zombies. A looting game without loot. It's staggering how much potential the game had, and how horribly bad it turned out to be."
76561198040887366,Recommended,221100,8850080,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,ChefCook73,"Looting at a gas station with four friends, one starts punching gas pump, explosion kills three of us.10/10"
76561198030016933,Not Recommended,221100,30896818,Posted: 2 April,all,Shane Lomax,"I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing sucker. You're all ♥♥♥♥ing suckers. I bought standalone at release 3.5 years ago after spending a decent amount of time in the original mod. There have been copycat games that have since come out that have more complete, working content.I had an urge to jump in again this morning, to see if anything has changed. Of course it hasn't. The very foundation of this game is broken, and if you don't agree you're deluded. Because i'll reiterate. This has been in ""alpha"" for 3.5 years, and there are copycat games that are more complete.I was on long enough to spawn in at the middle of nowhere. No idea where I am. It's pouring with rain. I pick a direction and run. I run for the best part of 10 minutes, along the coast. I come to a town and find a can of peaches and a sweater. Wow, such a bountiful haul. Meanwhile, pop ups in the corner are telling me:I am soaking wetI am soaking wetI am hungryI am thirstyI am coldI am soaking wetI carry on sprinting in any direction, and come to another small town. A zombie sees me through a wall, and i'm pleased to find that melee combat with a zombie is still useless and pointless. You'll bleed out from the first hit, and the input lag will mean you have little chance of hitting back.If anyone can explain to me how spawning, doing little but running and finding nothing, and then dying in the rain is not a complete waste of time based purely on where you spawn, i'd love a reasonable argument. That isn't ""hardcore difficulty"", it's godawful design. The mod was fun. Whoever the two-bit devs are on this, they've taken every fun element out and left us a turd with no flavour.This ""studio"" have taken the money from millions of people and for 3.5 years have been sitting on a scam. The game is a scam. If there's anyone left who didn't pay for this, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,221100,30848370,Posted: 31 March,all,LCG | Surenhohn,this game had so much potential..but its a completely joke now #foreveralpha
,Recommended,221100,10036352,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,dnW,You are wet.You are no longer wet.You are wet.You are no longer wet.You are wet.You are no longer wet.You are wet.You are no longer wet.You are wet.You are no longer wet.You are wet.You are no longer wet.You are soaking.
,Not Recommended,221100,26524304,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Urby,"I have removed my recommendation from DayZ because my opinion of this game and the development team behind it have changed dramatically. No doubt this review will have the ""Early Access Review"" sticker hanging over it but don't kid yourself because this title will never leave Early Access.The sad truth is, the first major flaw with this game is the clunky engine. They can add as many new models as they like, add more guns, vehicles, farming, shelters and whatever else you can think of. However, it all comes down to the engine that they are piling all of this on to and that's not going to go away.Movement feels unresponsive, the animations are god awful, the melee combat is a joke not to mention pointless. The only thing you'll ever go up against are other players with rifles, lying in a treeline a couple of miles away.There was so much potential for this to be great, I even raved about it to my friends until they bought it and joined up with me online. Now I feel like I owe them money,like I talked them into investing in a pipe dream. On top of that, the number of other, more respectable developers that have jumped on the bandwagon, rushing out sub par titles to ""beat"" this mess have left a dark cloud hanging over the entire genre.As much as it pains me to say, this is just not an acceptable game."
76561198013397733,Not Recommended,221100,33456276,Posted: 11 July,all,Trixie,Half-life 3 will come out by the time this piece of junk comes out of EA.
,Not Recommended,221100,32238899,Posted: 7 June,all,Megapull_Neocore,"Played this game a lot and had a lot of fun. But:- It's been 4 years.- Improving the core of the game is always put after implementing new, broken stuff into the game.Example: Let's put cars in! Good idea. However, controls and usage is bugged and nigh unplayable. Nevertheless they implement tires, batteries, spark plugs and whatnot instead of focusing on driveability and physics.Example 2: Weapon X is broken. It does not get fixed for a year. In the meantime though, you can now grow 5 types of vegetables instead of 4! Yay!What I mean with these examples is that needless stuff is getting implemented in a botched way instead of implementing fewer, more important (still not major tho) stuff more correctly.People say that gearing up is fun, and it can be, but only if you ""roleplay"" it which is clearly not very efficient. You can just run up to a fully geared guy and knock him out or shoot him with a low-tier gun, insta full gear. You don't have to be afraid as you lose nothing if you die, which is the total opposite of the game's purpose.Also the devs blocking everyone who disagrees on social media is kind of sad.I will change my rating if the game will be worthy, but now there are many better alternatives to it. If this was 2013-4, I'd still recommend the game. Sadly, it isn't."
76561198049022765,Not Recommended,221100,25706322,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,TysonY2,"TL;DR: The game mechanics have been trash, are currently trash, and will continue to be trash.I liked DayZ. I've put a little over 200 hours in it, and simply put, 199 hours were completely enjoyable. The thing is, that one last hour has compeltely ruined the game for me, and because of that, I will never reccomend this game to anybody. Ever.That one hour does not involve the KOS community, the lack of content, or even confusion of where I'm at, what to do, etc. That one hour is me dieing. Allow me to present a scenario:I've built a charcater after about 20 hours, and have spent a majority of my time looting, sneaking past both zombies and KOS turds, and finally have a loadout I'm proud of. I am, at this period of time, VERY possesive of the items I have attained, as I have traveled many virtual miles for MY water bottle, MY .357 Magnum, and MY loadout. I avoid contact with other players, as no one can be trusted. And then, suddenly out of nowhere I die. Not from a bullet, not from an axe, not from a truck. But from a rock modeled and painted into the terrains surface. 20 hours of a character I had pride in, gone, because my character TRIPPED OVER A ♥♥♥♥ING ROCK?!I've done the math, I've kept record. In my 200 hours, I have died 24 times. Out of those 24 deaths, 7 were from people, 2 were from zombies. 15 of those 24 deaths were from stairs, ladders, rocks, trees, invisble walls, and doors. This is not recent, I have been playing since 2014. Nothing, absolutely nothing else, makes those 200 hours as much of a waste of time as the game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on the player. I am not jumping off buildings, sprinting off ladders or jumping off cliffs. I am walking through the forest, opening a door, walking down stairs, climbing down ladders... and in doing so glitch and die. I close a door, which then lags and kills me. I'm walking down stairs and I randomly fall through them. The game is broken. You are paying 35 dollars for a broken game. And the devs don't and won't give a damn. Buy something else.""It's an alpha!!!"" cries the fanboy bambi. Correct! It has been in alpha for...fours years?! Not counting the work as a mod?! And♥♥♥♥♥♥like this still happens!""It's a small dev team!!!"" cries the pro-indie support analysts. Correct! And I (a single person mind you) can creme out a more intact turd than this dev team can.""You don't know what it's like to have to develop one of the frontier survival games!!!"" Argues the FPS survival fanatic. Correct! But I also don't need to be a chef to know when I'm being served a hot steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10, never been more dissapointed in the countless expereinces wasted because Dean Hall can't figure out the concept of hit boxes. If I could, I'd refund it. I would only buy this game if it goes below 10USD. Otherwise you're paying for someone to slap you in the face with your own money.EDIT:Some people disagree, thats pretty fair. My reply was to lengthy, so I'll post it here. If you don't want your username here, message me.C******X: (Basically stated it my fault, not the games, and that I'm giving it a bad rep) I honestly wish my expereince was the same as yours. If the majority of my deaths are from not paying attention, then yeah I suppose this is all on me and it's infact a completely great game. As I said, 199 hours played were great. I don't feel those deaths followed ignorance, and I visually addressed the problem. for example, my last death before this review (and uninstalling) followed leaving the Northern abandoned military base, where I was headed West to explore the new areas. I was going around a town, as I had no itnerest in the loot, and crossed over a boulder (while it was quite big, it didn't stand high at all) and boom, black screen. I've had another death from climbing on the gaurd towers in the central militrary base, broken my legs countless times on stairs, recall driving into invisble walls with the vehicles many times as well, etc. etc. I would argue otherwise than all those were from my own ignorance, as I have never expereinced such situations in the various other survival games I play, but oh well. If you want to stand by the game, I respect that. These bugs I expereince, to which you referred as ""not paying attention"" have amounted to the point in which it's not simply not worth the frustration that follows. You have far mor hours in the game, so maybe you've figured out the ""right"" way to walk down stairs and the ""right way"" to walk over rocks. If I couldnt figure than out in my 200 hours (stretched over 2 years) then maybe I am just ignorant. Or maybe, it's DayZ? Just as many people agree with me as disagree, so sorry if I'm hurting your bambi population.M*******k:(Basically said it's my internet and it's a ping/desync issue) I have 50 down, 5 up. Not the best, but better than a lot of other people have. Sorry, but I'm not paying more than 65 a month for internet. Anway, seems you missed the point of the review. Remember the part when I said I wasn't jumping? I refuse to climb any tall towers, gaurd towers even purely because I felt they were too buggy. Hunting stands were a rare exception to that rule. Why? Because I felt I died to many time trying to climb back down. Maybe it was just 1 time? 1 time is plenty to ruin 20+ hours on a character.. My ping is limited to 100 too, sooo... Also, if you're still using desync as a primary excuse for most of the issues the game has, you got bigger issues than my review.C****t P****y: (Basically said it's not worth writing the review and doesn't beleive a handful pf my points) If you find it hard to beleive someone can keep a charcter alive for 8+ hours, then I'll assume your expereince with surivival games is little to none. You're telling me you can't keep a charcater alive for 3 or 4 sessions that last around 3 hours each? I wrote this review in a fit of rage because, as its self desribed, I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the game ruined so many expereinces for me. Plain and simple.-------------All in all, I guess I forgot to add one more comback to my line of pre-calculated responses. I'll update that here:""It's because your a bad player, obviously."" Correct!!! But I don't really see that being a great response. If I were THAT bad, players would kill me more. Not really the case, I have a fair amount of time in Arma and understand DayZ's generally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapon physics. This isn't rocket science we're dealing with here. No, this is some next level♥♥♥♥♥♥ We're dealing with killer doors, man. DOORS!""You're just bad because your internet is bad"" Correct!! If you'd like to pay my internet bill, be my guest. I have 50 down 5 up by the way. Pretty average.""Make your own game if you're such a survival genre expert!"" Correct!!..? If I could, I would. Would you not? You might as well say ""Hey, if you wanna complain; how about you stop everything you do in your life to show up someone else - rather than keeping others from investing in a scam."" That's AMAZING in concept. But I'm not going to derail my life in order to +1 a crappy developer. Instead, I'll warn others of what they'll expereince and in turn support developers who do Alpha correctly. So how bout no..Did I take you to literally? Or the next time I go to a restuarant and I don't like the dish should I open my own place up instead?....Anything else?"
76561197975545313,Not Recommended,221100,16249119,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Mystic Mac,"Today i returned to DayZ after a 1½ year break. The experience back then was somewhat endurable but still painful and i convinced myself that it will only get better in the future... how wrong and naive i was.In the year 2012 when DayZ mod came out, while it was clunky and very bad in many ways,  it managed to be fresh and very memorable, so all its flaws could be easily forgiven, after all - it was a MOD created by a single man.DayZ standalone on the other hand is the complete opposite of the mod.  Developed and produced by a bigger company with more people and resources than the original mod.I literally saw 0 progress after 1½ years of ""development"", unless you count pink Deringers, hockey sticks and bunch of other useless crap as progress. Instead of going forward like you would expect from an early access game, it has been in the same buggy and broken state all this time, perhaps you could even say that the game has gone backwards.I could add your typical pros/cons- list but why bother? There are so many bad things about this game that the non-existing pros could not tip the scale.Overall i feel very disappointed because DayZ seriously had alot of potential but i just cant see it to be possible for DayZ to be complete and functioning. I have no doubts that the developers just took the early access money and ran for the hills, abandoning the game.I paid full price for the game when it came out and honestly, i dont really regret that. For me DayZ mod gave me hundreds of hours of fun and new friends, so i consider the standalone money to be a payment for Dean Hall, not for anyone else."
,Not Recommended,221100,34701260,Posted: 2 September,all,ThaProfBaws,"This game has recieved around $126,000,000 in revenue.Think about that.Throwing your money down an old abandoned mine is a better investment than throwing it into the ashes of this dumpster fire."
,Recommended,221100,9337074,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,void-e-d,Like tetris but more complex. 10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,24074257,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Katakompe,"When I am dead, my grandchildren will inherit this game, so they may finally have the chance to play the Beta."
76561198043739561,Not Recommended,221100,15389188,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,The Royal Gnome,This game made me decide to never buy an early access again.The creators should be arrested for this millionary scam.
,Recommended,221100,8144116,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Hanzo Main,Backpack opening simulator 2013
,Recommended,221100,9369097,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Mr Pilgrim,"DayZ... How would I start with this game? Well, first off you'll end up with P.T.S.D. while your playing it, but it's still a heluvua lotta fun! Now, instead of telling you the gameplay, I want to tell you what to do.1. Always play on low pop servers2. Never KOS, EVER.3. If your a fresh spawn, and you start bleeding, your first instinct should be to take off your shirt, and begin ripping it up into tiney bits4. DON'T. TRUST. ANYONE. (Except for most youtubers that you'll never meet)5. If you don't have a gun, pick up any ammo you see6. If you ignored rule 4, don't tell them you find ANYTHING. Especially not beans7. Always. ALWAYS. check the condition of items8. Stay away from large towns, (Cherno, Berizno, Elektro, ect.) unless on extreemly low pop servers9. Before leaving a large town, make sure you have food, water, and something sharp to open your food10. If possible, try to look unimportant (Some bandits may not have much ammo left)11. If it looks like it will break your leg IT WILL BREAK YOUR LEG12. If you find a Beret, wear it- It might just save your life13. If you find spare food you can't carry, eat it.14. If you fidn a gun with some ammo, make it imperitive to find a clip for it15. When you get shot, and your unconcious, guilt trip your captor16. Don't wear the Payday masks... Just dont...17. When your on a low pop server, constantally keep pressing P18. Just because you find something new, doesnt mean it's better19. Memorize which buildings do and do not have loot20. Above all. Never. ever. EVER. ♥♥♥♥ING KOS!!!There you go!You shal now survive forever :D~Pilgrim"
76561198094115578,Not Recommended,221100,15367761,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,AC,This last update confirms dayz developers are trolls . No one could ruin a game that much by accident .
76561198010885719,Not Recommended,221100,13309798,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Malaka,"Bought the game when it came out.Played it.Unplayable.Everyone says: ""Relax it will get better.""Be a year later.Starting the game again.See zombie.Run.Look around.Zombie still there.Run.Look around.Zombie away.Go into house.Search for food.At least no rotten Kiwi.Zombie glitches through wall.Run.Zombie away.Run into house.Invisible walls block the way out.Zombie glitches through wall.Kill Zombie.I bleed.Trapped in house.Die.But at least there are 30 new guns, a cattle prod and a cool jacket.Why developers? why?It's like buying new furniture for a crackhouse.Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,221100,13372003,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,[1st L KGL] Admaa =3SFG=,"Was there since the very start of the mod, the community became poisonous and swarmed with Hackers.Fast forward to the standalone filled with promise, turns out to be in alpha forever and a deathmatch with a lot of hackers and legit people being banned for no reason.I thought there'd be zombies in a zombie apocalypse, I have more chance of dying waiting for the game to be released than from a olympic running, door opening and wall glitching zombie.Fun with friends, until everyone gets killed by a hacker with unlimed ammo or a bug that has been present in game since the release of alpha.Thought this early access would be different, but it's burned me from ever investing in another early access.Very disapointed.Thanks Rocket for selling out, also.Edit: 10/10/2016.And yet there is still not much progress made. I am shocked and appauled at the fact I'm reminded of my mistake of purchasing this. I wish steam refunds would work on early accesses that do not deliver.For ♥♥♥♥ sake, please stop adding useless♥♥♥♥♥♥and make the bloody game already.. Or have you sapped enough money from the hype and now no longer bothering?I can predict there will be another 2 years to wait for another negative review."
,Recommended,221100,8636978,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Axl,"I was handcuffed, had my blood stolen, and given an axe for compensation. I used it to bash his head open and take all his loot. Doesn't get much better than that!"
,Not Recommended,221100,15977890,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,STG | Pizzano Bambino,"Stalled out development? CheckIncredibly glitchy, fast, persistent, and almost invincible zombies? CheckParanoid community that kills on sight? Double CheckImpossible (and I mean impossible) to find guns, ammo, meds, food, etc.? CheckGraphics that couldn't be achieved at 60FPS using the Starship Enterprise? CheckMost overhyped, eternal-alpha, ridiculous cash grab ever to be still rated ""Mostly Positive"" on Steam? Check"
,Not Recommended,221100,18707137,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,M3ZZ4N1N3,Guys it is time for a lawsuit. These guys aren't making a game. They took the money and ran to the hills.Time to do something about it.
,Recommended,221100,8467374,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TH | OkayJen,Found a pristine banana.  10/10
76561198077645910,Recommended,221100,9509454,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Decode,"I wandered the coast, fully armed in military gear, an assault rifle with all modifications, and a backpack half full of magazines, food, water, and a medical bag. I looked for fellow survivors, offering aid in any which way I could, I followed a creed, ""saving people, hunting things, the family business."" I came upon a fellow survivor, who started running circles around me. ""STOP"" I shouted, for they had something in their hands. What was it? A weapon? Handcuffs? I'll be damned if I let bandits take the food and medicine I was going to give to the needy. I raised my gun ""STOP, OR I WILL SHOOT,"" I continued. ""I'm here to help, I have food, water, anything you need, but if you try anything, I'll put one between your eyes."" This stopped the person, and they kneeled to the ground, fear struck their voice as they said ""Don't kill me!"" only then had I realized he had a med kit in his hands all along, no threat. ""I'm starving to death...please mister..."" As I looked him in the eyes, I knew this was my time to shine as a hero. I pulled out my handcuffs and said ""I'll fill your backpack with food, but I need you to trust me and let me handcuff you, for my safety."" Instantly he shouted back ""DUDE I DIDN'T SAY YOU COULD TAKE MY BLOOD!"" He bolted, confused I chased him, saying I had handcuffs in my hand, not something to drain blood. He didn't believe it, and said ""I'M NOT STUPID OKAY I KNOW THOSE AREN'T HANDCUFFS, YOU'RE TRYING TO STEAL MY BLOOD! HELP, SOMEONE HELP!"" This was getting out of hand fast, I drew my gun again and yelled ""ON THE GROUND NOW!"" he once again fell to his knees, for fear of dying at my hand. As I stood over him, gun drawn, I realized how out of hand this has gotten, and so I was just going to drop the food and go. As he is on the ground, awaiting whatever fate had in store for him, I went to my inventory to get the food. Instantly behind me, a voice shouted ""DROP YOUR WEAPON AND GET ON THE GROUND BANDIT!"" Bandit? who was he...no...my gun was drawn, the guy on the ground shouted for help and it got through to someone. I was just going to give him some damn beans and leave. The ""Hero"" behind me focused his rifle at me, as if ready to shoot. I suddenly start taking damage, what's happening?! I turn around, the guy I was going to save is now punching me, trying to knock me out in hopes he will be saved. I am no bandit, this has gone wrong, I'll just leave and try again. I instantly darted across the town, obviously the rifleman was bluffing and had no bullets, or I'd be a dead man by now. After three minutes of running, I stop and turn around. They followed me?! The guy I was trying to save was now charging me, fists up, the rifleman now had a bat out, they were going to kill me. No, this isn't what I wanted...I wanted to help! They attacked, I had no choice. I pulled my assault rifle, and killed the very man I had sworn to save. The rifleman was now scared, he starts to run. He witnessed my murder...there can be no witnesses. I shoot his leg and he goes down, he slowly continues to crawl as I approach him. ""....Why..."" he asked, his tone filled with despair. ""I just wanted to help...this wasn't supposed to happen! It's true what they say...you either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become a villian.."" He stopped crawling, ""I'm sorry, I didn't know..."" I looked up at the sky, it was bright out, more people would be here soon. ""It's okay my son...I'm the one who should be sorry, I'm responsible for two murders."" Two?"" he said, shocked, ""Who is the sec- a clean shot through the head, and the rifleman was silent. I was a monster....no....not a monster, I am the Hero they deserve...but not the one they need right now. I hid the bodies, and ran on to the next town, on to the next survivor I would...save."
,Not Recommended,221100,26706350,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Vetiros,"Stay Away unless you're willing to deal with Bugs, hackers, DEVELOPERS.Before you read this, understand that the amount of hours I have on the game are legit and spent traveling chernarus-For consumers (Bohemia below)1. Bugs/updates2. Hackers1. 3 Years later, this game is on version .60 However, The amount of bugs in this game to this day makes no sense. Bohemia Interactive made over $70 Million with this game, for a reference, Thats more than Forza Horizon 2. However, 3 YEARS into development, this game has the same (if not more) bugs than it did on release, with not much content added. When they do, it breaks something else.Example:.58 They added cars,.59 The cars required parts (normal and expected).60 The cars disappear when the server restarts.60 was released in June of 2016. To put it in perspective, H1Z1 is updated with new, less game breaking bugs every month.2. Hackers and glitches. The amount of bugs in the game is terrible but none of them add up to the toxic community this game contains. It's just as bad for both the community and developers to coexist in a ""hacker"" enviroment when a game is in developement. That being said. Bohemia has made 0 attempts to combat the amount of hackers in the game. It's to the point where the hackers make the game unplayable.Example:I spawn into a high-pop server, 1 of 4 things will most likely happen.1. Spawn into someone who is SWIMMING IN LAND. If you dont know what is: Its a player who has a swimming animation on land, making it VERY difficult for you to see them and kill them. However, they are not swimming on their own screen. Making it simple to kill you. (THIS HAS BEEN IN THE GAME FOR YEARS AND IS SUPER SIMPLE TO DO)2. Spawn into someone who is teleporting and takes your weapon from you.3. Spawn into ""carpetbombing"" which is a hacker dropping grenades on random spots4. Spawn and there is a person glitched into your building who can shoot you but you can't even see themSounds fun? It's not. That's DayZ. The game where a hacker or glitcher can do whatever they please.(Bohemia)WHY  develop your game on the ARMA 2 ENGINE when the ARMA 3 ENGINE was ALREADY COMPLETED? The ARMA 2 engine was a failure, a terrible engine, and no band-aid will fix it. Do the right thing and instead of putting a band-aid on a gun shot wound, fix the wound, change the enigne.You have reveived too much income from the sales of this game, not including the cost to run a server which you profit heavily on. (Over $100 USD a month to run a 60 man server) for this game to be where it is. This game has so much potential. If you want to make this game better, USE THE ARMA 3 ENGINE. This is unprofessional for a company to have people invest into their game, expect updates and feedback on the game, and get the exact opposite. Yearly incremental updates and bans on your forums when we try to give you advice."
,Not Recommended,221100,30883171,Posted: 1 April,all,Astat,"After 4 years of ""developing"", game is still raw and empty. Most likely, there nothing going to change in the near future.Great potential and concept in starting collapsed to dull  kill&loot game, because there still no abilities to make barely approximate RPG or hardcore survival gameplay.Developers had just collected money in starting and the further, the more promises and less implementation was made."
,Not Recommended,221100,25098174,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,[HL] Palfer/Janos,"Not going to lie, you've had three f**king years to sort your sh*t out, yet you fail to do so.IF anyone is thinking of buying a survival game that is not broken, laggy, glitchy; this is not the game for you.Walk into a house, make it to the first floor to then drop dead because the DayZ engine is still abysmal.Shoot at someone in a gunfight to have your hits not register on them until you die.Try to loot a dangerous place quickly to have the items bug out and disappear from the HUD.A buggy mess, that at times is fun, but 90% of the time leaves you infuriated, angry, upset and above all in regret for buying a game that was promised to be the next-gen survival game. In actual fact is a pustulant mess that will seemingly never come out of ""Early Access""Yes, your 'game' may be in ""Early Access"", but that does not mean you can use this title as an excuse for lackadaisical and somewhat half-hearted progress on such a hyped game.I've seen homeless people shouting at pigeons who make more progress than the effluvium of flith a game like DayZ is.If you're reading this, devs, go back to your basement, you liberty-hating dumbocrats. Bunch of insidious avian amphibian amphetamines."
,Recommended,221100,8111916,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,H.Drescher,i climbed up a ladder but broke my back because i relised i didnt have didnt have any legs10/10
76561198064977552,Not Recommended,221100,25436945,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Lion,winrar was a better investment
,Not Recommended,221100,23933264,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,zerowise,"I bought this nearly 3 years ago, when it first launched in Early Access. December 2013.It was called ""Early Access Alpha"" and I believe launched at version .32 or something.It is now June 2016, and it's not only still in Early Access, it hasn't even left Alpha yet. We're only at version .60.This is unacceptable for a game that sells at $30 on sale. If you look at the number of reviews, and assume that even only 100k of those are actual un-refunded sales, and you assume a price of $25, that's a cool $2.5 million. Even after Steam's 30% take that's still $1.7 million. More funding than many very successful and well-crafted indie games, and in some cases with shorter dev cycles. And that's an extremely conservative estimate with only numbers right off of this page. Look further and it's worse. As provided by Dervykins in the comments, they've sold more than 3 million copies. Doing the math as it was in the above example, as of a year ago it isn't a stretch to bet they've made $50 million in return from this game.So after three years, about $75,000,000 in total assumed sales, and a lot of patience, we have a game that still hasn't incorporated all the features that the mod the game is based off of has.Not recommended."
76561198023435534,Not Recommended,221100,20631565,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,pegasusthejamo,2013 alpha2014 alpha2015 alpha2016 still alpha bla bla...
,Not Recommended,221100,15474479,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,jabrookes2013,"bought this game a year ago, played it for a few hours, figured id come and try again later upon its completion.forgot about said game.blows dust off laptop and rediscovers dayz.game is now 1000x worse than 12 months ago.game has gone backwards.cannot unreccomend enough.was 4/10, now 0/10."
,Not Recommended,221100,18316482,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Wooley,"Release Date: December 16, 2013Finished: ???? 2030 maybeGame in general:-No Zombies-TERRIBLE optimization(the game should run better, even with a bit of lower end pc)-Community asks for better optimization, they give us some new guns...-Community asks for more zombies, they make them run through walls and give us a vehicle that barely works???-Community doesn't ask for anything, so they think that they are doing a good job with game, but in reality people are giving up on this game like I did and you should probably also"
,Not Recommended,221100,32583373,Posted: 19 June,all,MillioZ,A continuous meme of how much devs don't care
,Recommended,221100,9275268,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,4K Dragon,Two men handcuffed me and took my clothes off best game ever
76561197984950706,Not Recommended,221100,26647252,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,MaDeuce,This is why Steam should get rid of 'Early Access'.
76561197961315113,Not Recommended,221100,22476223,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Iskai,Alpha for three years with no significant improvement in engine or gameplay quality in all that time.
76561198072970365,Recommended,221100,8078959,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Lunchie,"This is for all the hate that this release has gotten: Played a solid 4-5 hours today and got what I expected when I paid the $29.99 USD for an ALPHA RELEASE that Rocket himself said was going to have its share of bugs and should NOT be bought if your expecting it to be perfect, for christ sakes it says it on the store page! The game is exactly what I expected, there are new fun mechanics for drinking and eating, the Zed and Item spawning is differnt: Everything gets spawned in at server start ( Something all the haters who played 30 mins and quit to go post crap on the reviews would have know if they watched maybe a single dev video leading to this moment) so yes there will be buildings that have no loot and towns that seem devoid of zeds becuase they have been cleaved thru by the horde of players wanting to play. As far as all night servers, totally bunk: From what I see the servers are bound to the Realtime of there location i.e. a server hosted in IL in the states would be off CST so if you join said server at 9pm central time guess what? ITS FLIPPING DARK, shocker I know. Other servers I joined DID have daytime but a majority were hitting dusk meaning there local time was prolly hitting the early evening as well. Movement IMO is better looking, I did swim a bit too for S**ts and giggles and even that seemed a little faster than the mod and deffinetly nicer looking. Inventory system is a little wonky at first but very easy to get used to, the hot bar at the bottem is great for quick selecting important items and even remembers the last item that was placed (I hotkey'd a soda and after drinking it the outline stayed put and the next time I grabbed THAT kind of soda it was placed in that slot) seemingly random spawn in : alot of us seemed to spawn in at the coast which wasnt surprising, but a few people spawned inland as well including my buddy who spawned at Stary Sobor (Practically the middle of the map). Lastly the servers are linked via a hive, meaning that if you didnt like the connection you had or the population, or simply thought there wasnt enough loot spawning: Hop to another server and be at the exact point with the same gear as when you logged off on the other server.Thats just a few of the things I experienced in one night on a few differnt servers, now for the bad: The KOS mentality is deffinetly a problem and seems to only make the task of Alpha testing that much harder, not that anything can be done about the rampant PvP or should be done but it pays to know that the process of helping the staff debug this game in Alpha stage only gets harder when someone fresh off the coast with nothing but the cool fancy axe he found and the gear he spawned in with see's you and buries said axe in your head while you try to talk with him or loot gear unknowingly, and of course is followed by ""You mad bro"" or my personal favorite ""What a dumbass!"" (Followed by his mom telling him not to cuss, LOL) that said, griefers abound so watch your six, alot of folks I ran into were genuinly nice and trying to just figure out the game and not♥♥♥♥♥♥rush the nearest breathing human with the kitchen knife they JUST looted (I fear for the survival of humanity in a real zombie apocolypse). A big one here and has been address'd already in testing is the fact that when you pass out from thirst or hunger or a good hit from a weapon you dont wake up, this is true to a point, IF your in a group or IF a friendly passerby see's you he/she can hit you with an EpiPen if they have one to wake you up but as to be expected that doesnt happen very often so basically you might as well press Esc and Respawn (Effectivly a built in suicide button, kills character and spawns you again) Infuriating to say the least but deffinetly on the top priority fix list. To finish the bad up I really dont like the lack of a Thirst/Hunger/Blood/Temp UI. The text warnings are OK, but spam too much and seem to give you very little in the way of knowing EXACTLY how bad off you are, something that only seems to compound the Unconcious-ness issue.Again ill reiterate that this game is NOT a finished product, dont believe me? why not read this message thats right on the store page:“DayZ Early Access is your chance to experience DayZ as it evolves throughout its development process. Be aware that our Early Access offer is a representation of our core pillars, and the framework we have created around them. It is a work in progress and therefore contains a variety of bugs. WE STRONGLY ADVISE YOU NOT TO BUY AND PLAY THIS GAME AT THIS STAGE UNLESS YOU CLEARLY UNDERSTAND WHAT EARLY ACCESS MEANS and are interested in participating in the ongoing development cycle.”Couldnt be more clearer, but at the same time this is also the lowest you will see this game priced for a VERY long time. If you love DayZ, want to be part of the process to make it better, can overlook the problems it has currently, and maybe JUST MAYBE take some stuff with a grain of salt like a mature adult than I hope to see you in Chernarus sir/ma'am.EDIT: Some changes to take into consideration:-Saline Bags can be used as a form of Epi-Pen for unconcious-ness-New Color coded Text in the TAB menu for Thirst/HungerAlso Ive noticed a few things that you should be aware of, as of yet I have NOT been infected in game at all. Friends have told me the same and the ones that have been infected all say its from zeds. This may be due to them not fully fleshing out or introducing infection to the other regular sources so that being said get your fill of stagnant ponds and water pumps while you can. This also means Water purification tablets are unnessesary, if someone finds out otherwise let me know! Also Cooking has not been implemented yet so dont waste ammo on the bunnies as fun as it might be to murder the little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (Bunnies as of yet dont have there own SFX so instead they make Zed noises, annoying and scary when you here a zed and theres not one around), this also means you can stop picking up Cooking pans and taking up Inventory space. There is also a few bugs that my buddies have let me in on that involve dup'ing Saline on unconcious players that are glitched out somehow, and server lag can sometimes result in Dup'ing items from one backpack to another (Seen this happen alot with ammo clips, specifically the FNX42 pistol) Also alot of people I know keep getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when they see there hatchet/Gun carried♥♥♥♥♥♥eye'd resulting in missed shots or swings. Ive made a bug report for it and my fix has been to either hit Spacebar to re-raise it to rdy position or de-equip it and re-equip it via the hotkey bar.I think I may need a discussion channel or something lolGood Hunting Survivor!Edit #2 - Just for ""angrymonkey"" the nubThis review is not all about melee ""angrymonkey"". But since you brought it up, yes melee currently is pretty lame, hit detection is off with zeds and players alike until you just get used to using the damn weapons as they are set at the moment. I have no problem dancing circles around zeds swinging my axe and killing them without taking DMG. What you fail to realize is at the moment zeds cant hit a moving target very well so staying mobile and swinging your axe/pipe/wrench etc... will yield results. Also I should note that only the 2 Axe weapons will outright kill a zed in 1-2 swings, players may take around 1-4 depending on your aim. Also, when has melee combat in DayZ been anything BUT difficult? taking into consideration as well that most PvP encounters with melee or otherwise results in spamming of the attack button (Almost every axe wielding maniac has just run up and swung madly, and every gun toting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ has unloaded an entire clip while running around), nobody seems to care about Accuracy but more about how much chaos they can create for there target, and how many shots/swings they can make before one lucky hit happens and call it ""Skill""."
,Not Recommended,221100,18317946,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Gorgon Freeman,"I played this game a lot in the early days, hoping to see some development. It's beyond me that anyone can still play this scam, after the amount of copies sold and the tiny amount of development which has actually happened..The graphics are outdated. The mechanics are poor. It seems like everything about this game has been designed by a company with no prior experience or understanding of how programming works.Cons-Bad animationsBad game mechanicsMaps are far too large for their allowed server populationLimited variety of weapons/modificationsLack of vehicles, building variations, different types of scenery, trees etcMany bugs and crashesExtremely slow developmentNot worth the price..10-15fps most of the time even with state of the art systemSurvival is pointless when you're so bored you want to die.Not enough zombiesPeople just server hop and camp in popular areas to troll and randomly kill you.Pros-No issues when uninstalling"
,Not Recommended,221100,17452785,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Rocket Man,My friends convinced me to buy this game.  Now we're not friends.
76561198060680844,Not Recommended,221100,18416063,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mr. Rager,"Heres my thoughts on Dayz Standalone.The Positives*Love the survival experience, having to deal with starvation and dehydration while looking out for zombies and other survivors.*The graphics have definitely improved since dayz mod.*I personally like the inventory ui better than dayz mods ui.*Good ideas, has great potential.The Negatives*The game has been in early access for way too long. It first started development in 2012 and released in December 2013, meaning that this game will be 3 years old in December of this year and still in early access. The worst part is that the developers use the early access excuse of why the game is still broken.*Developers rarely listen to community. We give suggestions, we cry horrible optimization, horrible desync and game breaking bugs and they don't even acknowledge us.*The community is only getting worse. I remember back when dayz mod was really popular, when I met another survivor, we would actually communicate before shooting each other. Dayz Standalone on the other hand is like a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥fest when you run into another player or group, your kos to almost everyone, even if you say your friendly, your still dead.*The optimization in this game is one of the worst if not the worst I have ever played. I have a decent, not great but decent computer setup. I have a AMD fx 8350 with a Nvidia gtx 760 graphics card. I get great fps in arma 2 and arma 3, but in this game I get around 30-35 fps out of town and in town I get like 20 fps on 30 player servers.The Bottom LineOverall this game has really good potential but because of the terrible optimization and lazy developers, I don't recommend buying this game."
76561198119275455,Not Recommended,221100,15796347,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,にゃ河合,EARLY ACCESS ALPHA FOREVER...
,Not Recommended,221100,17428872,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Cameron,"Do I recommend this game at this very moment?: NO.I say this game is a no buy first of all, because currently, 3,157,440 people have bought this game. With the current pricetag of this game 27.99€ or $34.99, that puts this games overall income of sales to over $104.9million. Of course the game has made more than this from Events, Ads, and being funded by bohemia. With the game making $5.1million on its release date, you would of course believe the hype over the game, but what about from the dev team? Dean Hall was the man behind the project at the start, with his leadership proving to be one of the the best since Satoru Iwata (R.I.P). Near the end of 2014 there was reports of Dean leaving, and we could see, as fans, that DayZ progression had slowed down and was soon to be named a 'to-be-dead game'. Dean steped down in December to launch his own studio. and as a DayZ EA user, I was very frustrated because this game, DayZ, had so much potential. After Dean Hall left, his right hand man, Brian Hicks took over the team. At first, I was unsure, then I saw the quick development pick up again. That was......... for about 2 months.Today, playing the game. I, and everyone else, is left with an even more broken game than before. I experience problems from day one, that were at .3, in which they're arising now in .5.. The game is not optimized at all, and is worse than anything I've every played. I've even gone to the extreme of overclocking everything possible in my computer, disabling usless windows default desktop programs, and changing things in the Config folder. I'm still, like MANY others, left with low performance. (I have a high end PC that cost over $2500).. My frustration with the game has further increased after false schedules from Brian Hicks, leaving things from Q1 2015 (like the New Render we were all promised), that are not even really talked about from the Devteam when 2015 is coming to an end in 4months. Not only are promising tweets not followed through from Hicks, but the DayZ community is left with mistreatment from Hicks and the Devteam. MANY reports over constructive critism rusulting to bans on DayZ forums, as well as, from personal experience, smart♥♥♥♥♥tweets. I recently tweeted to another DayZ EA user:  ""I agree. I would rather see Dev team related tweets rather than him being in YT vids and at events."" My intent in this tweet were not wanting Hicks to respond, but for him to see that MANY people are very unhappy with his 'Leadership' on DayZ. I was suprised with a tweet response FROM Hicks saying: ""What I choose to do after work is none of your business"". Well, all disrespect INTENDED, when you put forth your personal life on all social media, as well as take over leadership of a Best Selling (unfinish) Game, you will have thousands of people in your business. I have seen many tweets from Hicks towards other EA users that are half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that are disrespectful, and also full of unfollowed promises. I just now over the past month have seen Hicks using ""hopefully"" and ""maybe"" rather than his go to statement of ""This is a Early Access Game"". Although I'm happy he has eliminated the EA statement from his vocabulary, I'm still upset on how he treats everyone and the development of DayZ.Many friends, and even other steam users in the DayZ forums could agree that Hicks is not the right person to lead DayZ. He has been leading just near 8 months, and 6 of it prove that he is clueless to lead.I've been met with comments towards me that me not being a Lead Producer or mean not being apart of the development of a game, I shouldn't comment. False. I earned my right to comment how I feel about DayZ and people apart of it when I put in my $34.99..So, Yes or no on buying this game?It is really your choice, but from personally experience, I say you should wait when this game is COMPLETLY DONE and when Hicks learns to respect the communtiy that made him into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ he is today."
,Not Recommended,221100,31215249,Posted: 18 April,all,The Ferryman,"Iv gotten more than my money's worth out of this game, and have had alot of fun with it. But this game should stand as a testimant to early access games. Don't ever ever, simply put ""faith"" into a development team, unless you know them persoanly or something.A company should develop a game into a completed state, and then sell it to its target audience. They should'nt release a broken game on early access, and make their millions before the game is even half done.At the end of the day, the only reason this team has to finish this game is good PR. Money is no longer a driving factor, and the pace of development (or lack thereof) reflects this.So yea, if anyone was thinking about buying this game (although I highly doubt people would at this point) Don't."
,Not Recommended,221100,13436134,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Spud,"Early alpha, encouraged to find bugs and report them.  Got banned for it permanently.  Customer support response, buy another copy of the game on another steam account.  Money hungry plain and simple."
,Not Recommended,221100,30766467,Posted: 26 March,all,slopestyle1260,"4 years of early access, don't do it."
76561198114219264,Not Recommended,221100,29155234,Posted: 9 January,all,Junte Mori,"As of now I have over 400 hrs on Dayz and as much as it pains me to say the game is awful. I have tried to love this game for so long but in the end it is a mess of poor development, lies from said development, and a massive amount bugs. We have been told of many great things to come but have yet to see any of it, such as base building...we were told in 2015 that  both predators and base building were to be added by the end of the year but in 2015 what was added in the place of building was lockpicks. As for predators we did get those but at the end of 2016.Now lets fast forward from 2015 to the start of 2016, this is where many of the bugs that still plauge the game to this very day. These bugs range from random despawning to players clothing being unrendered. Too many time have I go to bandage and realized that my rags disappeared from my bag, or I try to fire my mosin after loading it and the chamber being empty. There were actualy many less bugs in 2015 than 2016. I know that many have said that it is the progress that they have made with the game that has caused a majority of the bugs, but to this I ask what progress?Asking ""what progress?"" may at first come off as just me bashing on Dayz but lest take a moment to look at the ""progress"" of 2016. To start with check how many updates that there were in 2016, there were 2. But please don't take my word for it, do your own reserch to verify what I say. To me there is no excuse for this. Truth be told I see no reason for the lack of updates in 2016 reason other the the developer laziness and failure. I wish it was not this way but its clear that time after time the developers have failed both the game and the community.I have repetedly seen it said that the game is early access so its ok for it to have all of these issues and shortcomings, but why does that justify any of them? Dayz has been early access since the end of 2013 and it has yet to leave alpha. I feel that this should be the cut off point to the leniency for it being an ""early access title"". I am not saying that we should judge it as a full released game but what if every game developer used ""early access"" as an excuse?Now that we are in 2017 lets talk about the new update .61. .61 brought with it several nice things such as the wolves that we were promised so very long ago as well as dynamic shadows and updated audio for weaponry. However, it also brought many new issues.The first of the issues I find to be quite odd. As I have been playing on the new patch I notced that both my face and the faces of others have at times become a complete black blank slate. What I mean by this is the head is pitch black and has no features such as hair, eyes, or mouth. At first I found it is a touch funny but the more I see it the more it annoys me.The next issue is somewhat like the first. On about one third of the players that I have seen their shirt (or whatever they are wering on their chest) or helmet is following them around on the ground as thought that have not picked it up and either their torso or head is invisible. The reason that I have sepreated this from the first issue is that this one can actualy effect the game for other players. If say, someone is sitting in a bush they normaly can still be seen because of the color of their shirt showing between the leaves but if their torso is clear than what is there to see before the rush out of the bush and bash in your head with a bat?Third is one that personally annoys the hell out of me. This one is an issue with the zombies, specifically the way the zombies move. There are two things I have seen, one is that sometimes zombies will run incredibly slow yet be doing an extreamly rapid run animation. When this happens its almost as though there is a slow moveing invisible wall in between them and you. The second issue with them is that sometimes they will run nearly as fast as two times a player. I am not sure if it is a bug or not but I have a issue with this espicaly as playes can not escape a normal zombie if it is after them while they are moveing up any form of incline, where as zombies can do a full sprint up any angle. This is already a pain but now that they can move so fast it is just plain unreasonable.The forth and last big issue is the new auido. several times when both I and someone else have fired our guns instead of gunshots all that is heard is static. This one seems to be reather rare but I still feel that it should be mentioned. Even if this issue is annoying I can atleast understand that it is abit expected as they have greatly changed the gun audio in this update.At the point that I am at in this I feel that there is no need to go on as it would be more of the same, all of the issues that I have had with the game. Since the release of Dayz I had great hopes for it and yet every patch has fallen short even so I stayed with it untill now as there were still some good times to be had on it, but I feel that it is time for everyone to wake up and see Dayz for what it is, a failure and empty promises."
,Not Recommended,221100,24460366,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Krillarbran,"Been waiting 3 years. Very little has been done and the devs have recieved millions and millions in revenue. Definitely not worth the wait.Edit:For the people who negatively commented on this basic review:Yeah I have mostly enjoyed the amount of time I plowed into the unfinished game but for the amount of money the devs have had poured into them, there has been very little return in development. For the amount of time that has gone by for this early access game I do not recommend people buying it. Simple as that."
,Not Recommended,221100,24356798,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Pacesetterxp,"Even if and when they ""finish"" this game... It's not what we were promised and certainly not what we expected. Built on a broken engine, with broken code, with copy paste assets from old ARMA titles.With literally hundreds of millions of dollars in profit from this this game, what Bohemia Interactive has given us is unacceptable."
,Not Recommended,221100,30329651,Posted: 4 March,all,Homeschool Math Class,"I remember when I first heard about DayZ.It was over my christmas break in 2012 when I watched Rooster Teeth's video introducing DayZ Mod for Arma 2, talking about the concept of the game and how incredible the idea was. At the time, it was Rooster Teeth's most popular featurette video of its kind, and for good reason. It got me instantly hooked, and I bought a copy of Arma 2 and downloaded the mod instantly. And for about 200 hours or so, that for some reason were not recorded on steam, I loved my time with it. I played on primarily Lingor and Chernarus, both of which were incredible maps that I can still recall many great memories on.When DayZ standalone dropped seemingly out of nowhere in December of 2013, I bought it instantly. I knew I had to support the devs and this great (idea of a) game, because imagine how wonderful it would have been to see a standalone DayZ, the world of Chernarus fully fleshed out, a community of players both friendly and unfriendly making the game a diverse experience of survival, cooperation, and PVP. Maybe we could build bases on islands off the coast, where we could take helicopters and fly off to fight battles at the three airstrips over rare loot that just spawned, maybe our friends would have gotten kidnapped and it would have been our responsibility to help them. Perhaps an entire server could have gone to war, a war of morality vs. banditry. The possibilities were endless.I played for quite a bit throughout 2014. Not as much as I did DayZ mod since the standalone was missing many features, but about fifty of the hours I have were at launch. I had a lot of fun with DayZ, doing the same things I did in the mod, except this time without many of the guns, vehicles, and zombies (you heard me right) of before. It was basically Wasteland from the Arma series with some zombies sprinkled in and more of a morality system, but I had fun. Loot, join up, PVP, die, repeat. It was a fun game, for a while.Over time, the development slowed. Over time, the cycle I just said got boring. Over time, the frustrating glitches where I would regularly phase off ladders and fall of buildings for no reason other than a poor engine and devs who don't know basic game design became infuriating. Over time, DayZ was no longer the ambitious game Dean Hall, the meme of the gaming community with his constant ""It has to be done by the end of the year"" BS, envisioned. It was a lifeless shell of Chernarus, a fictional country I wanted to spend a portion of my life in, fighting zombies and morally corrupted players. It was the inspiration for many of Steam's most popular games, including H1Z1, Ark: Survival Evolved, and Rust, all of which have now taken on lives of their own and have their own dedicated communities. DayZ, however? One of the most ambitious games of all time? The spawner of dozens of rip offs, the game so many people hopped on board, the game so many people wanted to love? It is now a failed experiment with more people playing Arma 3's version of DayZ than the actual game, an example of how not to handle overwhelming hype, how not to handle an early-access build, and how not to invest your money in an Australian man in-over his head so much that he wouldn't even finish a development that hasn't even entered beta four years later, departing relatively soon into the lifespan of his pet project.This game is infuriating. This game is a chore. And it depresses me, because I'm the reason so many of my friends got into playing DayZ. I defended it for so long, tried so hard to love it and give it the benefit of the doubt, but every time I start it back up, it's as if nothing has changed.I find a crowbar, eat some beans, and fall off a ladder.Repeat."
,Recommended,221100,13460341,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Knightfall,This game is the most accurate Detroit Simulator I have ever seen.
,Not Recommended,221100,16519724,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Teina,can we get refunds for games that dont get finished?
76561197972238246,Not Recommended,221100,18359244,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Mac,The only game that will always cost more dollars than you have frames per second in it... even when it's on sale.
,Recommended,221100,8709867,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Jackson ✓,"If this game was a fruit, it wouldn't be rotten.10/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,18119325,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,qwerasdf1234,"Early Access in a nutshell:-Devs present an awesome concept-Community funds development of said concept-Devs work on the game for a few months-Devs jump ship with the money they ""earned""-Community writes negative reviews-Community buys next Early Access game- 'round and 'round and 'round it goes, will it end? Nobody knows.STOP BUYING EARLY ACCESS TITLES, PEOPLE! 99% ARE SCAM!"
76561198043078830,Not Recommended,221100,8556430,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Witcher1979,"I would avoid right now, people can remove PBO files so they have no trees/grass and walls on buildings. So if you think you are hidden people are running around and seeing you as if you were in a open field. The problem was on the mod but was a very easy fix. Rocket seems to want to add more features instead of fixing this method of cheating, which is really easy for them to fix.So right now I would avoid buying until this is fixed because people are running around with no grass/trees so they can see you miles away."
76561198032513356,Not Recommended,221100,13238154,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Carlos Spicywiener,just buy yourself a hooker for 27eu....she will have less bugs than this♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,15781374,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Scout,"Dec 16,2013 is when this was released as a standalone.It has been Early Alpha Access since then. Lets be honest it's never going to be finished, save your money and buy another game."
,Not Recommended,221100,22206327,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Cyberpulse,Half-Life 3 will be released before this game is finished.
76561198078526489,Not Recommended,221100,16070221,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Curt ''Terror of Tokyo'' LeMay,Christ will return to judge the earth before Dean Hall ever finishes this game.1/10
,Recommended,221100,8850612,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Shy,"First hour playing I finally find my friend, we walk down the road to be stopped by a group of men all dressed in the same uniform.They command me to come in the house and to fight my friend bare fisted. I manage to knock him unconcious.5 minutes later, 3 other men come down the road and are bought into the house, I fight each one of them one by one and knock all of them out. After 15 min's i get presented the same uniform as the men. I was the Fight club Champion10/10 would play again"
,Not Recommended,221100,21058537,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Viking,2025:Assassin's Creed 11Far Cry 9Battlefield 8Mount & Blade 4Witcher 6Fallout 5The Elder Scrolls 6Call of Duty 19GTA 7FIFA 26DayZ Early Access Alpha
,Not Recommended,221100,20901146,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Vaughn Wamsley,My powerpoint presentation gets better frames than this.
,Not Recommended,221100,16609241,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Mr.Smoke,WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. And by the time Half Life 4 is confirmed it will still be there.
76561197968887233,Not Recommended,221100,22472840,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,//d@niel,"DayZ was what we all dream of when it comes to zombie survival games...*May 13 edit located at the bottom*The key words are ""What we all dream of."" It has zombies, loot scattered all over the place, a food/drink system, and shootouts with other players that can be a good deal of fun. But why is it only what we dream of? Bohemia has had this game on Steam pulling in $30 from every purchase from the lastTHREE YEARSTWO YEARS AND 4 MONTHS (as of this writing)!This game hasn't moved anywhere forward but rather steps backwards. Their updates have been adding new guns and different clothing and cooking stuff etc... Without touching the bugs that have been present since the original launch of this game.When reading the updates they seem like this: ""Added AK-47. Removed zombies because they still do the same thing they have been doing for over three years.""Lets not forget that this runs on the best computer at a solid 30fps in large towns because the engine is just lacking in so many ways.I'm sure I'm missing a lot more things about this game but I stopped caring when I realized this game isn't ever going to fully release. Do yourself a favor, get Arma 2 and DayZ mod for that, or get Arma 3 and play the mods for that. This game is a complete and utter waste of $30.MAY UPDATE: So I gave their 0.60 experimental branch a whirl and I have to say there is a signifigant improvement to the engine and feel of the game. I am finally able to get over 60FPS steady in this game which is fantastic however clouds and AA is currently broken, when the .60 patch comes out, I will be playing this game again and will clean up and re-review my own review!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18764959,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,oof,-1this game will never be finishedthey also increase the price before a sale so really there is no sale
,Not Recommended,221100,25747080,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,jakiro main,"for a game that has been out for 3 years and had a good amount of funding, its done absolute dogshit"
,Recommended,221100,23593896,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Arsonist,Before 0.60: 20-40Fps (On Medium)After 0.60: 70-120Fps (On Ultra)I've long awaited this....
,Not Recommended,221100,15754118,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,W0LF,"Alrighty! ANGRY REVIEW TIME!I very rarely write reviews for games, but this one I definietly had to.I played over 1000 hours on the mod and loved it, yeah it had some flaws, but the game was still playable and lots of fun, had a great end game and was brilliant to scew around with friends in.This piece of junk though...I understand its early access, but I have had this since early access expecting it to be how it was, almost 2 years on from then, I expected the game to have gone somewhere. I was very wrong.The devs make incredibly dumb decisions ""lets put more readable books into the game before actuall fixing 90% of the game breaking bugs!""The gun play is terrible compared the game it was orriginally on, Arma. (the gunplay in arma 3 is very much improved and shows what DayZ could have been made on.Instead we got this game that runs very crumby on a fully OC'd liquid cooled rig that can run every single other game I have ever tried on max settings 120 FPS +Yes, there are some goods and bads to this game, but the bads outweigh the goods by an incredible amount.In end, this is a poorly made game from the MOD, that will never be completed because the Devs are a pack of idiots that can not make any common sense decisions.I want my 150 hours back, as well as my $30I wish there was a way to completely remove a game from steam so I didnt have to look at this complete disapointment in my library."
,Recommended,221100,15723898,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,ιzoneR BOOSTING-SERVICE.COM,2025:Assassin's Creed 11Far Cry 9Battlefield 8Mount & Blade 4Witcher 6Fallout 4Call of Duty 19GTA 7FIFA 26DayZ Early Access Alpha
76561198007663222,Recommended,221100,8587584,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dreanic,Man offered me protection I punched him in the face10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,28449257,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,noYOU'REaHOOKER,"*Edit 12/15/16 ; read my update comment before posting some dookie about me sucking at dayZMy first experience with DayZ was when some friends suggested I purchase Arma 2 to check out this ""fun new mod"" they were playing. After spectating some of the action, I had to join them.We had many hours of fun playing, it was extremely exciting moving in on an army compound that you had spotted fully geared guys at, with a couple m1's and an SKS you managed to scavenge over the last hour, while attempting to rendezvous with one another using landmarks as a guide.. the promise of proper gear if you manage to catch them off guard... truly a high stakes maneuver... tense moments... genuine excitement.When the same friends purchased this game which I am reviewing, the ""stand alone"" I immediately followed suit, expecting our previous adventures to have been a small taste of our pending missions... however, that was not the case.I was met with an often unplayable buggy game. At the time, zombies were clipping through walls, you would fall through the map randomly, there were almost no loot spawns, it was terrible... We all soon abandoned this, DayZ Standalone..Flash forward some THREE-ish years later... I noticed a couple friends had the game running and I join them, expecting some level of increased refinement, and, surely, a now playable game..Having spent a couple hours playing DayZ again, I strongly advise you NOT purchase it.This game has been in ALPHA for THREE years, charging a premium the entire time.. turns out it's a scam.. small updates amounting to very little... an almost entirely dead game still riddled with bugs... we will never even see BETA... someone took our money and ran..If you're lucky you'll find an axe or machete. Not that it matters, because you probably won't see a zombie anyway. ONE single zombie in over 2 hours ""looting"" towns... it didn't notice me.. yep...You will, however, often die of starvation or dehydration, as there are almost no loot spawns at all.. I didn't find a single food or drink item in almost 2 hours of looting big towns... If either of those two things sound appealing to you, for only $30, you can enjoy a terribly poor representation of what it'd be like.. by a very generic character in a low-graphic world..Seriously.. finally after over an hour, about to meet with a friend in game, climb a ladder, get teleported above the ladder, fall to my death... it'd be great if it was some kind of troll, but they're actually serious... they think this is worth $30? That just happened to me, after how many years of premium price ALPHA access? Every hour you spend in this game is an hour you will regret not doing ANYTHING else with... Unplayable trash.Perhaps the single most frustrating thing in this game is the ""heavy breathing""... no seriously.. if you run for more than 10 seconds, you start panting... It sounds like a morbidly obese person tried to replicate the sound of someone exercising while utilizing a $10 mic from Target, and actually became fatigued in the process... so they only got a 7 second loop to replay... there is no way to adjust this sound, unless you lower the volume/mute ALL sounds ingame.. there is an option to adjust music volume, and a separate option for ... ALL other ingame sounds.. clearly created by morons and/or people too pre-occupied with spending all the money us fools shovelled into their bank accounts before receiving anything close to a playable title, or an experience worth our time...We need to stop paying premium title amounts for unfinished games.It removes the incentive for them to finish. They've been paid, and we are SOL.Do not waste any of your money on this buggy trash. It's a scam."
76561198069721208,Recommended,221100,8639395,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,CRYT3KNICAL420,"Found 45 Pairs of designer sunglasses, opened a shop, made some profit, was killed by a door.[Edit]after various attempts at rebranding my shop as a family friendly enviroment where glasses of all shapes and sizes are available at a competitive price, i am unfortunately throwing in the towel, my mother told me Chernarus wasn't ready for my glasses, she was right, i should have known doors would never change.  Have you ever seen your shop doorway filled with the corpses of strangers? have you watched as a young asian man finds some beautiful thick rimmed glasses only to be killed by a door? i have shed many tears, but no more.""Goodnight Chernarus spectacle emporium, i shant throw your ashes to sea, you will be with me, always... KAZZZZZZZZZZZZ""-Big Boss 1984""Can CoD get any better? the Xbox edition is superior in every way 9/10"" - IGN""well, I had so much ammo i deffecated myself with sheer excitement"" - CRYT3KNICAL4202016 WILL THEY END THE MADNESS"
76561198106132948,Not Recommended,221100,19576382,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,danomite138a,Can I have my money back?
,Not Recommended,221100,20290323,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Aten [No Computer],I wish steam refund existed when I purchased this
76561198044358473,Recommended,221100,13541685,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,NoNoDontPeonMe,This game is so unfinnished that EA tried to publish it.
,Not Recommended,221100,12791005,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mister Josh,"WARNING!This game has been in Alpha Development for almost 2 years now (I'm including the time they spent on the game when the mod was still the only dayz) The game has hardly progressed in the last year and it seems the developers are following the same mistakes as they did in the mod. Any updates they make to the game are usually pointless like adding paper and things not essential to the game. The game itself is one of the most buggy games I have played, it has the highest amount of cheaters and hackers I have ever seen....honestly it is a joke to call this a game.You may think i'm being a party pooper and give me the argument ""oh it's in alpha, can't you read"".Let me explain to you that I have followed the Dayz development for a good few years now and time after time the devs have promissed fixes and updates but never have really made progress, in my opinion I do not believe they can actually fully complete the game.At the moment the game has massive potential but the dev team really has no idea what they are doing, it's not a money issue as this game has made millions, so where has the money gone?I'll sum up some pros and cons for this game.Cons- Hackers everywhere (atleast half of my deaths are from hackers)- Glitches ( The other half are from glitches)- Zombies DO NOT WORK, every single update they release they say they have fixed zombies, are zombies fixed? no.- Lack of content- Slow progression from devs- Probably going to be remade on xbox and then console ported to pc- Endless excuses from devs, never meet expectation for such a big game.- No vehicles- More demanding than it should bePros- Gun combat is realistic- Very emersive- Massive potential-Do not buy this game yet.GUYS! check out Arma3 Dayzhttp://www.thezombieinfection.com/forum/57-arma-3-breaking-point/if you want to play the game how it should be.Further note, If you leave a 10 year old comment such as ""Zombies don't exist so how are they classed as un-realistic"" Then dont be surprised if I remove your comment. I'm all for you guys having a discussion but please before you use your keyboard think about what you are typing."
76561197978704123,Not Recommended,221100,22818605,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Otto,"Sure there are bugs, and you'll learn to work around them like the rest of us but undernearth that you will get a glimpse of some of the most intense gaming you could imagine and it's amazing. This game has so much potential and can deliver a fantastic survivor gaming experience when it works, that I cannot deny and hence the number of hours I've invested.BUT please continue reading for there is much more to this game than meets the eye. The problem with this game lies primarily in the development and the team behind it. I am perhaps more of tolerant of this problem than others but it's crucial you understand what you're getting into in case it's something you don't want to deal with.The pace of development is frustrating beyond belief. They repeatedly set targets for features and systems and one way or another they will be late, in some cases YEARS late.Another issue lies in their delivery of the game. Features that they've added like the Central Loot Economy (an integral part of DayZ) have been out for over a year now and still, patch after patch there is game breaking delays or problems with it. So even what they do add... like vehicles, rarely works like you would imagine it should. Granted they still have the excuse that this is alpha but you would expect major components like this to be to be working by now.  Excuses or delays which at one point were acceptable and even understandable are now just pathetic.The final issue I'll share about the development team is their interaction with the community. All you need to do is drop by the subreddit and you will see anger and frustration on a daily basis like no where else and for good reason. After the delays and mismanagement this community has undergone you would think the devs would be working to pacify and correct the situation. Instead what you will find is an equally snarky excuse or vague comment in retort. The transparency of this project is seriously appalling at times.Unfortunately all of these problems show no sign of changing and so for that reason I'm obliged to say do NOT give these people your money until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Because you will undoubtedly get the sense that this is just a bunch of amateurs who are really just figuring it as they go and once they have your money they could care less what you think or want.Edit 1: In the next month or so a significant patch will move to stable and includes the new renderer which has been in the works for about 2 years now. It should be noted that this patch significantly boosts fps to a minimum of 30 in cities from the previous 15 or so in cities. This fixes likely the biggest drawback performance wise and should make the game more accessible. Unfortunately it will not change the development pace, delivery, or transparency so expect the problems on that front to continue. But it must be said this patch is perhaps the biggest leap forward in the last 2+ years performance wise."
,Recommended,221100,9367440,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Damn Good Coffee,The only game I've ever played where I can still be thirsty even though I drowned myself. 11/10
76561198064345706,Not Recommended,221100,18919358,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Steven.raynor02406,This game is a complete waste. It was more fun 2 years ago despite only having 4 different guns. Developers need to refund everyone who paid them expecting promises to be kept. Shout out to the lazy developers who wasted all our time and stole our money. ♥♥♥♥ you guys.Just buy PUBG
,Not Recommended,221100,13858900,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Cal Chuchesta,Just wait until it's done.
,Not Recommended,221100,14430975,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,SKIFREE,"They released it in January 2014 planning to develop all the features by the end of the year. In January 2015 they released a new development roadmap, planning to get it done by the end of the year.For a whole year people have complained about zombies clipping through walls and the graphic engine being the worst optimized $hit ever made. Still they have spent such a year just adding weapons, clothes and other random tools.If you want to develop the game the way you like it, just released it when is done.If you sell THREE MILLIONS copies of your game in an alpha stage, planning to develop it in a year and than take more than twice the time you've asked at the beginning, at least listen to your damn THREE MILLIONS customers asking you to fix two damn issues. They should have spent the first three months developing a stable engine and fixing the zombies.The aim of the early access program was to connect the community to the developers, in order to help the latter to create a game that fulfill people's expectations.I'm deeply disappointed."
,Recommended,221100,8196791,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Courier,"I hid in a house, zombies ran through the walls and killed me"
,Recommended,221100,9073640,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Winter,"Broke my legs running away from a zombie in a barn and crawled for 20 minutes to the nearest town, where someone proceeded to eat an enormous amount of cereal in front of me before beating me to death with a hammer. 10/10"
76561197995194554,Not Recommended,221100,20449768,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,AsM | Kerbros,Buying heroin is more healthy and fun than this.
,Not Recommended,221100,15740513,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Snowman,"1. Join my fav server2. Die3. Spawn in a rock4. Wait about an hour to die5. Spawn inside the same rock6. Leave and write a negative review2/10 I hate rocks.*EDIT* I tried playing it again and this time I got hit by a Zombie and went through a wall and died... Too many f*cking bugs in this game! Not worth getting yet!*EDITEDIT* Tried playing again after the game updated... The game has now the worst possible community! Also it seems like 90% of players have thrown their mics away...*EDITEDITEDIT* Gave it another shot after few weeks. Died more than before... Played it for about an hour if not more... noone has used their mic yet... Dead again... Again... Again... ♥♥♥♥ this game...*EDITEDITEDITEDIT* Game updated so I though whynot see if anything is fixed. Bad idea. Bigger frame drops, loot got pretty much removed, seems like zombies are removed. and so much more♥♥♥♥♥♥..*EDITEDITEDITEDITEDIT* Just as I was about to change the review the servers filled up with the♥♥♥♥♥♥they once used to be full of. Hackers and KoS kiddies. Even the RP servers I've been on have been full of little KoS ♥♥♥♥♥! Guess I'm tying this game again in 2020 when it'll come out of alpha..."
,Recommended,221100,8475672,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,delivertowill :>,two guys wanted my backpackthey chased me for itthey won10/10oh and zombies.
,Not Recommended,221100,14428268,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Aksel,I bought this game not realizing my kids will be playing it by the time it's done
76561198019496001,Not Recommended,221100,15326981,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,crook seeking nanny,i want my money back.
,Not Recommended,221100,20733375,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Captain Taylor the Sandy Sailor,The game is dead.Still as broken and clunky as the day I bought this pile.Devs just gave up after fantastic early access sales.Bohemia Interactive ruined a great game.Don't waste your money.
76561198009873131,Not Recommended,221100,20187645,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,[Emeonso],buying this game gives you the same experience as losing your wallet with $30 in it
76561198094032287,Not Recommended,221100,21141687,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ChrisMan,Would rather buy WinRar
76561198001332132,Not Recommended,221100,25694557,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ms_Salami (Sal),"Basically 2 patches in a year.  Sept 2015 0.59 and Jun 2016 0.60. Worst development on an Alpha? IMHO yes. Don't believe the 'updates' as they are empty talk. No videos, no dates and changes don't appear. Consumers (the players) are treated like the enemy and get blocked and banned for voicing their displeasure. 'Rust has been in development for longer than Dayz', I hear, yes but Rust has made numerous and substantial changes way beyond the meager rubbish implemented in Dayz. Calling the dev team amateur is an insult to the  hundreds of amateur modders doing a far better job for example on Arma 3 with more content and stability than Dayz. If you want the experience of Dayz, look up the many mods in Arma 3."
,Not Recommended,221100,24205511,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Cups With The Ice,Communism has a greater chance of working than dayz
,Not Recommended,221100,23136742,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Domenco,"Dayz, where to begin?It's 2016, may, Dayz is still in alpha. hasnt gotten a major update in months. It got blasted away by so many other games.I've waited YEARS, litterely years for this game to be completed. Judgement day is near and their supposed ""3 year dev cycle"" is coming to an end and they failed to complete the game.There are plenty of review that go in depth about how the game works,All I can say is that you will enjoy the feel of the game, it will burn some free time with ease but in the end it still has bugs.It still doesn't work properly and not all promised features are included in the game yet. (they even ""removed"" features from the feature list) so all in all, I supported them for a long time but my patience dried up.All in all 5,5/10 Good game, bad company behind the game, devs cant help it."
,Not Recommended,221100,17800844,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,-=SpitFire=-,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198000831109,Not Recommended,221100,13533579,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,dplyr,Spend 3 hours with friend collecting gear.Fall 2 feet walking off the edge of a staircase.Die.Friend picks up your gear.Hacker kills friend.Well over 2 million copies of this game were sold. Where is this money going?
,Not Recommended,221100,17461989,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Fløde,Stephen Hawking runs better than this game.
76561198048611555,Not Recommended,221100,13061167,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Sic,Alpha forever.
,Not Recommended,221100,19269659,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Brodoodle,The story of DayZ2013: This is going to be epic!!2014: Any day now Beta will be here with its new engine and vehicles2015: Ok Lets not bother with this... still not in beta2020: Half-Life 3: OMG!!!2021: Half-Life 3 Dayz mod2025: Gabe Newell president of the world2026: World Peace3014: anouncement: Beta for DayZ standalone
,Not Recommended,221100,23160894,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Magician,Had potential.Keyword there is 'had'.
76561198076835903,Not Recommended,221100,25431362,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Activity,9-9-2016 almost 3 years after dayz got released (16 december 2013) this game has made 0 progress in my opinion. Besides a few new weapons and performance updates (after almost 3 years). This game is still in ALPHA and not even close to being fully done. How much more time do they need to finish this game? Just don't buy it unless it's fully completed (which may take another 3 years) Or even more.....
76561197979714266,Not Recommended,221100,29584926,Posted: 30 January,all,eXpLo!T,4 Years of alpha4 Years of bugs4 Years of promises4 Years of lies
,Not Recommended,221100,19528160,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,in the arms of a hurricane,"DayZ Mod - 677 HoursDayZ SA - 32 HoursThis game isn't going anywhere, no point in buying it."
76561198001880922,Not Recommended,221100,17741757,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,mgn,"1. Download update.2. Launch DayZ, hope for bug fixes and FPS boost.3. Die from a stupid bug that wasn't even there in the first place.Early access forever"
76561198069190676,Not Recommended,221100,13206245,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Speckled Cephalopod,"DEAN, YOU ARE CHARGING PEOPLE $35 DOLLARS FOR THIS GARBAGE?!?!?!?Let us look at the game so far, from it's realease till now. On realease it was... Okay. Nothing groundbreaking, still had the mod formula, which to be honest was quite dissapointing given all the hype behind it. ALL these cool things that were coming out of the devblogs made me super excited. Still waiting for those a year later. Yes, I can now get waterproof backpacks and I can plant tomatoe seeds, EVEN GO FISHING! That is, if you can survive the still broken walkers, and the horrible players who think DayZ is a Call of Duty game, not once have I been held up, or spoken to by anyone, just a bullet in the back followed by the familiar ""You are dead"" screen. DayZ is now just a large scale deathmatch. To charge $35 dollars for this is a crime, Dean already has announced he's leaving the team... Basically taken my money and ran with it.Terrible FPS in large cities, STILL. It's boring, there's base building to a certain extent. Actually, no.. I'm sorry, I don't call locking myself in a room base building. It's fun with friends after about an hour playing time, ontop of  the 2 hour quest to actually find eachother. Seriously, I am so, so disspapointed. I'm fully kitted at the moment, lots of food, a backpack, camo, AK47, few mags, and feel no need to play... I mean what am I going to do, run into a town, loot, move on?? THAT'S ALL YOU DO! If you want my advice, you can get The Forest for 15 dollars. Why? It's in the same stage as this (alpha), it's fun, IT WORKS, the AI is not buggy at all (not from my experiences), infact it's some of the best I've seen, I beg to you to go and spend your $35 moolars on other games, there's plenty out there that work better and offer more content. This game is digging it's own grave as we speak.As for the visuals the game looks okay, it looks like Take on helicopters (Another title by Bohemia Interactive) as it was made in a recycled engine which had direct aspects from that engine, which doesn't make much sense to me. It would have made more sense to just use the Arma III engine, it's new, it looks good and it would allow some cool mechanics like the stance mechanics, something you could utilize in a game like DayZ. If you want the true DayZ experience, I would recommend buying ArmA II or III, and installing the DayZ mods, more specifically the Epoch and Breaking point mods, there's a fantastic base building system in it and the community is very good, good old classic DayZ Banditary, not like the standalone. No honour or fair game, just shoot on sight... Too bad Steam doesn't give refunds, I would give this back in a nano second.:: Even when the game is released it will be a huge flop, if H1Z1 is a success it's ""You are dead"" for DayZ."
,Not Recommended,221100,17050208,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Tyron,Almost at the point of being a scam...
76561198031507237,Not Recommended,221100,13844641,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ZootGoose,"Well,its coming up to a year since i bought it.Used to play the mod, the mod was more stable than standalone at the time..Guess what..nothings changed.theyve added some cool new features. while ignoring the entire game in every other way.Next to no zombies, hitboxes still dont work.Players hack, but the base game code stays the same.why dont you just give us the ability to use the steam workshop.That way you can focus on sitting there doing nothing full time while we add our own content to the game?Dont buy, its dead. infact, its not even alpha.its an unwritten word before the word alpha.its almost ""DayZ : a zombie game concept"", written in a notepad by a ten year old child, in 1980."
76561198128440199,Not Recommended,221100,34004365,Posted: 3 August,all,DaddyFinch,Scam.
76561197973212630,Not Recommended,221100,23201198,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Tytos,"Asked dayz devs on twitter if there is a real chance of experimental servers coming today or not as they tagged them with ""soon"", banned from dayz twitter. Best customer relations in the game industry, EA is fantastic compared to these guys."
76561198007527683,Not Recommended,221100,18901373,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,The Zanzibarbarian,"DayZ is shameful nowadays. I used to like it, hence the 1,200 odd hours. But sadly, it's been far too long in Alpha to warrant any good sort of recommendation now.They update the game (When they bother too!), and it seems fine. Then they do another update and the game goes to pot.But they keep (They being Bohemia.) saying ""It's in Alpha!""OK! We get that it's in a protracted 2 year ""Alpha"" state. But for Gods* sake Bohemia, stop going round in circles or even going backwards with this insufferable, glitchy, Zombie free** ""zombie game""  and pull your fingers out***.*	Even he doesn’t like it...!!**	This game is currently so bad, the zombies flipping well left!!!***	Please wash your fingers once removed... But knowing Bohemia, they’ll just reinsert them in a different way and think it’s OK to do so!"
,Not Recommended,221100,23915236,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FozzyBeard,"Out of principle, this game and the devs can eat a d1ck. They updated for the summer sale. Next update eta: likely at least 3 years. This game will never be finished no matter how much money they grab.This game should be 90% off or free at this point.Don't pay for alpha. Don't pay for beta. DONT PAY FOR THIS GAME."
,Recommended,221100,14358849,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Handsome Jax,"It's so unfinished, EA could publish it."
76561198089269835,Not Recommended,221100,15346152,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Scafman,"Do not buy this game. It is an incredible waste of money and the developers should be ashamed of themselves for the complete lack of progress since December 2013. They profited off their legion of loyal fans from the mod, and then spat in their faces."
,Not Recommended,221100,18881695,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,nate,ok im sorry for being annother peson to say this but it needs to be said ITS BEEN 3 YEARS GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGTHER
,Not Recommended,221100,15762272,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,hippymoejagger,"WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAMEWARNING: WE ACTUALLY DON'T GIVE A♥♥♥♥♥♥ABOUT OUR COMMUNITY. LET'S JUST NOT GIVE THE PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANTED AND NOT UPDATE THE GAME. DO NOT PURCHASE IF YOU WANT UPDATES BECAUSE THAT IS TOO MUCH EFFORT.-Rip DayZDec 16, 2013 to Dec 16,2013"
76561198067206533,Not Recommended,221100,12663742,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,TheBarones,"Dean Rocket Ruined this game with his perfectionist vision that can never be fullfilled and its something the players dont want. ie 4 diffrent colours of wool coat befor working on main issues, like hackers, hardly any weapons, no collision for zombies in doors, spawn system broken. thanks dean your awesome.....go ♥♥♥♥ yourself!"
,Not Recommended,221100,19647515,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,WarHamster,early access simulator
,Not Recommended,221100,22624631,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Azeron,"Bohemia got their money from the hype of the initial release on early-access. They have ZERO incentive to put any real work into the game any further since they've already made their buck. This game will never be completed. Early access games are one of the scourges of the gaming industry. They've made their buck and sure as Hell they're gonna run with it, leaving you in the dust, with a sad excuse for a videogame."
76561198119735677,Not Recommended,221100,15766576,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jacob,\/ DayZ Updates \/1st year: Alpha2nd year: Alpha2675th year: AlphaEnd of the World: Alpha
76561198004501590,Not Recommended,221100,19203494,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,lapdogdummie,Best potencial.Worst developers.Don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,18880565,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,BENGA,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..dec-2013 dayz launches standalone alpha2016 - The International Lunar Observatory begins operations.2018 - The market for biofuels is experiencing a period of rapid growth.2020 - Ultra High Definition Television (4320p) is common in homes.2022 - Poland begins exporting the PL-01 stealth tank.2022- i score the winning goal at the ♥♥♥♥ing world cup finals2023-i open a karambit from csgo case after ♥♥♥♥ing years of opening2024 - The first probe to fly into the Sun's outer atmosphere.2026 - 3-D printed electronic membranes to prevent heart attacks.2027 - ...DayZ comes out of alpha.AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUEsupported them at first but now this is seriously taking the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥if i could meet the devs personally i probably would cave the ♥♥♥♥ing faces in with a tin of ♥♥♥♥ing beans the lying scumbags30/12/2016and still nothing ♥♥♥♥ing works just beans hats gloves ♥♥♥♥ing chainsaw LOLOL i seriouly think now that i will be crowned king of england before this can say it left alphaoh just to let you know its 2017 in a few dayz thats 2017 dayz or yearz without anything but hats and clothes and ♥♥♥♥ing zuchini or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ they add now"
,Not Recommended,221100,18810386,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Photosynthesis,"Ignore all the positive troll reviews, this game is an utter scam. It will never be finished. The developers no longer care."
,Not Recommended,221100,34169717,Posted: 11 August,all,StressarN,DayZ Scamdalone
76561198122456770,Not Recommended,221100,21108856,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Big Ben XXL,Get a better framerate from a photo album.
76561197998885880,Not Recommended,221100,20719872,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,76561197998885880,Terrible game. Terrible support. Terrible money hungry devs - What an embarrassment of a title on steam.Each and every person involved with this mess should be ashamed of themselves.AVOID!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,31366641,Posted: 25 April,all,Spam McNello,"I have finally given up and uninstalled the game after waiting 4 years for it to be released. I have been a loyal player since the Arma II mod, and have been playing the standalone since it released on steam. In these 4 years, I have been the guy on the forums telling you to wait and that they're going to finish the game in no time and it's going to be great. After all of the hours I've spent playing and defending this game, I am now 100% comfortable with telling people not to buy it.Long story short, we're 2 years overdue for the original beta release date, and the game is still a broken buggy mess, and I have serious doubts about it being anything more than that. Development progress is heart-achingly slow, hackers are rampant as ever, the UI is still terrible, half of the content you would want to see (helicopters, base building, zombies that aren't broken) has taken second place to emotes, literal teddy bears, and tree variety.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE COMFORTABLE WITH BEING TOLD EVERY OTHER MONTH THAT THE GAME IS NEARLY FINISHED."
76561198005490307,Not Recommended,221100,26135083,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Zethrian,"-Installed game after several months to see what's changed-Get in-game and fall 2 feet and break legs-Crawl around for 10 minutes trying to find a zombie to kill me-Find a zombie, but she just runs into me and pushes me a really far distance-Game freezes-The crashed game has now taken over my computer-Spend 30 minutes trying to open the task manager to kill the game-Was a better experience than actually playing the game-Finally open task manager and kill game-Immediately uninstall"
,Recommended,221100,10192636,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Lousywater,"Give a man a fish and he'll eat for a day, force feed a man rotten fruit and disinfectant while he's handcuffed and naked and he'll be scarred for life."
,Not Recommended,221100,19462130,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,BabySnakes,This game is being developed by a sloth.
,Not Recommended,221100,17319332,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Jmeboy,"RECOMMENDED:OS: Windows 7 SP1Processor: Intel Core i5-2300 or AMD Phenom II X4 940 or betterMemory: 4 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 570 or AMD Radeon HD 7750 with 1 GB VRAM or betterMY PC SPECS:OS: Windows 8.1Processor: Intel Core i7-4770kMemory: 16 GB RAMGraphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 at 4GBAs you can see I exceed the 'recommended' specifications, yet I only get 15-20fps in the cities regardless of high or low settings. Everything on lowest settings doesn't change my FPS compared to everything maxed out. Please change these false spec. requirements, as they couldn't be more wrong.The idea of the game is awesome, but a couple of years down the line, and the same issues/bugs  STILL continue to ruin and interfere with the gameplay. I would list the pros and cons, but quite frankly in it's current state, there are only cons. So here are the most common bugs I have encountered while playing as of 31 July 2015:- Hotkeys to equip items almost never work.- Items in inventory can disappear.- Zombies STILL hit you from far away/through walls.- Hitbox on zombies is beyond terrible (melee mostly, but even sometimes for guns too)- If you have an item in your hands and you 'use' anything (ladder/drink/eat), the item you're holding often disappears.- When approaching other players, you may notice a glitchy animation of them constantly pulling a gun out... this means their gun is out, and for all you know they could be aiming at your head... great.- I thought this was fixed but it happened to me yesterday, stairs can randomly break your leg (firestation most commonly)- If you sprint and jump at objects you can clip through them to hide (most parked cars, bins, some walls)- Guns sometimes decide not to fire, even if it's 'pristine' (including the ammo and mags etc.) and you will need to re-log to fix it.- Hunger/Hydration often displays incorrectly, re-logging can also fix this (e.g it states you are hungry still after eating 3 bages of rice.. re-log and you are 'stuffed' and really thirsty).- My friend once fell unconcious from hunger, but on my screen he was still able to move around as if he was alive... re-logging just gave him a new spawn character. (So from what I can tell, he actually died but it said 'unconcious' instead)- Sometimes firing a full auto weapon just decides to empty the clip for you, even if you shot once.- The servers can be very laggy, good connection or not. Often places of other players aren't represented correctly.- The optimisation, which is my main concern is just, well... non-existent. (45-60fps in fields and as low as 10fps (20 average)  in Elektro/Cherno/Novo check my specs. to get a good understanding on how bad this is)- Sometimes after throwing items (chemlights/grenades/flashbangs) your character will be stuck on the spot for a couple of minutes, unable to even move or equip other items, making you a very easy target.- On some occasions I have dropped dead for no reason what-so-ever (with friends there reassuring me I wasn't shot/killed)- Animations are fairly buggy, and often you will see players holding nothing in their hands when actually they have an axe, gun out etc.Now to be honest the list continues to grow, with old and new bugs. They need to stop adding more and more items/cars etc. and sort out the frame rate. They could add every vehicle in the world, but I won't be able to enjoy/appreciate any of it at >20fps! It's ridiculously laggy and un-responsive at most times, which really is a shame as this really could have been something great. I have enjoyed moments testing/playing this game, but overall It's annoyed me more than it has been entertaining as it's outweighed with numerous game breaking bugs.My excuse used to be, ""..but it's early access.."" Over 2 years worth of development and that is just a list of the more common bugs. It's not really acceptable and as I said at the start, the specifications listed are FALSE. Which I suppose I would class as false advertising.This game can be fun with friends, but what game isn't? So, If you still purchase this game after readingall of  this review, then that explains a lot about the kind of people that I find in-game."
76561198039978998,Not Recommended,221100,15063256,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Kenj™,"Never. Buy, Early Access Game. EVER AGAIN.     I got this♥♥♥♥♥♥in 2013 when it was in Alpha. Now its 2015 where its...in alpha.  Dispite being  in   the top 10 best sellers for 2 years."
76561198177918134,Not Recommended,221100,19540050,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Biggs,don't waste your timepros-it runs with i click play-uninstall still workscons-desync-fps drops-sound bugs-graphic issues-been in development for close to 1000 years-worst anti-cheat-i love spawning in the same location 7 times in a row after killing myself- *sees a player*        *zooms in*         *drops from 80 fps to 1*       *dies*I find more joy in Dead Island- Epidemic
,Recommended,221100,8085033,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Old Naga,"Prettyyy banana awesome, very smooth apples and runs like butter down my chicken. No rotten lagsicles which was expected so that's great. Cherno is just a bigger and better melon now feels fresh from inside and out, even if vehicles and some features are to be squeezed during the whole lemon alpha year ahead this is totally worth 30 green salads. Dress up and steak out gentlemen, it's time to wake up from the frying pan and enter the plate."
76561198058697725,Not Recommended,221100,33405131,Posted: 9 July,all,WombleDieHard,Right after being banned on the forums for being called a Troll for leaving negative comments with regards to this DayZ game I have finally got round after 4 years of having this game. I like many have had enough of the development of this game because after 4 years in development hell. They have now resorted in banning people from leaving negative comments because they seem frightened in trying to cover up for a game which isn't fit for purpose. The game has so much potential but it has been wasted on miss opportunities and lack of direction. The game attracts cheaters and people who are happy to lay on a hill all day with a sniping rifle picking of spawn targets. The engine is still choppy and as for the zombies they haven't got any better over the past 4 years. In the meantime other games have come out and appear to be so much better and developed. Even the Arma 2 and 3 DayZ mods have more going for it than the standalone. The developers have made millions of the back of us but now they seem hell bent in getting people to shut up and try and cover up negative comments towards this dire game. I have paid for this and as a consumer I feel upset and angry that I have been treated like a parasite because I complained about this turd fest game. I do not recommend anyone buying this game until it has got past beta stage because you will be waiting a very long time for something playable. Sad because the MOD what Dean Rocket created was fun and playable but since he left and run off with his share of the takings this game has come stagnant. Save your money and invest it in other survival games on Steam which will cost a lot less and you will have more fun. Trust me on that as being a multiplayer gamer since the year 1999 I know my online games worthyness and DayZ isn't one of them.
,Not Recommended,221100,17180313,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,.joel,"This game is so broken, even the bugs have bugs."
76561198007477495,Not Recommended,221100,15768714,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,♋️Doodle-Bob (Nee Hoy Minoy),"Probably the biggest waste of money ever. Not only has this been an early access for years, it's as bad as when it first came out. It's inredibly glitchy and laggy. Finding loot is like trying to find a joint in church. Finding a gun is like finding Obama smoking crack. And say you do find a weapon and some decent loot, you get all excited you see a zombie in the distance and you're like &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm gonna test this weapon out"". You fire your gun with the sights pointed directly to the head of the zombie. Miracously you miss, and the zombie is on you like Usain Bolt. And that's the game basically. Or you can just jump from the third step of a stairecase down to the floor and break your leg? Or you can eat ""pristine"" food and die instantly for some reason. Possibilities are endless.Had this game been free to play I'm sure everyone would understand. But considering how much cash the developpers have received, and how much the game hasn't improved, you're better off not wasting your money on this. Trust me, look at your money, hug your money, kiss it a couple times, and be happy it's still there and not in the hands of the developpers.Worst game ever, barring a miracle of course but who am I kidding, its been ♥♥♥♥ing years."
76561198121924703,Not Recommended,221100,32012165,Posted: 27 May,all,Smile,Used to play this game all the time with 5 or 6 friends every night. But you can only take 4+ hours gearing up just to die to hackers so many times before you put it down.
,Not Recommended,221100,21040776,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Anne Frank the M4 Battle Tank,What is this 3 years in alpha already?[EDIT]What is this 4 years in alpha already?
76561198092675097,Not Recommended,221100,16193610,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,TeufelHunden,"""Be aware that our Early Access offer is a representation of our core pillars"" Yeah, well your core pillars suck."
,Not Recommended,221100,13857753,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Citrus God,"I really like this game, a lot. But it's completely unplayable, there is no joy in playing it anymore. The hackers have taken over completely, on nearly every server there is some teleporting naked jerk with a shot gun trying to kill you, and he always does."
76561198119450941,Not Recommended,221100,15176181,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Ima Cat Meow,"So bad I thought update .55 was an April Fools joke, guess not."
,Not Recommended,221100,16018067,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Bendy,"When they said ""don't buy this game"" they were not lying. 30$ out of 30$ completely wasted. No major breakthrough more then a year after launch."
,Recommended,221100,8622926,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,feasega,a guy in a clown mask♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me 10/10
,Recommended,221100,8643904,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,QuirkyMariner,"One hour into game I stopped wearing clothes To prey on their fear, move like an animal, to feel the kill. Fell through a floor. Died. 10/10."
69587987654964584,Recommended,221100,15908622,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,)))EternalizedAutisms(((,The deinstallation works fine.
76561198063570798,Not Recommended,221100,19273388,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,D. Jankovic,Friend convinced me to buy this game. Now we're not friends.
76561198087942852,Not Recommended,221100,17889071,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Oakie,"This has to be the biggest dissappointment in gaming to date. This game has spawned many other games with the same fate. Money making games just to make the developers quick cash. I havent played in a while so i thought i would do a quick check on it again. And it is still a laggy, unresponsive game that is blinding people into buying it as it looks good graphically compared to arma 2 dayz mod. The most dissappointing aspect is this game proved to steam that we are all idiots and will buy games before they are finished. This game if refunds were available to me back then would be the only game i would have ever wished a refund on."
76561198123692211,Not Recommended,221100,19262834,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,King,"I used to back this game up because I was a hardcore fanboy of this game. I do play it every now and then but if I knew how long it wil take for the Renderer and all the good stuff to be implented into the game I would not have bought it. I started PC gaming when I saw a video about DayZ Standalone on youtube when it just released. Beleive it or not but this game is supposed to have BASE BUILDING IMPLENTED ALREADY. There 2015 goals that were put out to the public on November 26 2014 were to have the new render out by the first quarter of this year which is 2015. Base building was planned to be implented this month and we from the progress of this game right now are far from that. This game made like 24,000,000 bucks from sales but where dafuq did all the money go towards? There are still fanboys out there who will still back it up saying it was coded from the ground up THEY MADE 24MILLION DOLLARS THEY COULD HIRE THE WHOLE MICROSOFT STAFF TO WORK ON DAYZ BUT NOOOOOOO THEY WANT TO JUST ADD NEW GUNS AND HOPE THAT WILL BOOST THE FRAMES FOR THERE PLAYERS. Dont buy this game........ wait about 3 years and check back on it.3,000,000 Units sold of Dayz8,000 peak players currently play Dayz =1 out of 384 people who purchased the game still play this piece of crap.░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Dayz▄░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
76561197964138129,Not Recommended,221100,12831667,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,^LCF^ Mordahkai,"***Review UPDATE***Ok With this weeks news I could finally do the math as the developers actually released the amount of copies of the game that has been sold...""As DayZ hits 3,000,000 units sold we look forward to all the possibility that 2015 holds for DayZ. With the project slowly able to reap the rewards of hard work put in by the engine and gameplay programmers over the months prior. I for one cannot wait to begin to roll these changes out to stable branch.""So doing basic math 3 million units sold since its release comes to the rough total of $105,000,000.  Now just how big is that number? Well let's  see,  according to Jay Hancock's blog the following quote will size it up for you.""Let's make counting a full-time job of eight hours a day, five days a week, 50 weeks a year. Counting to a million would take about 18 weeks, or from January to the first week in May. To reach 10 million would require four years of counting. If you started young and retired after 48 years of counting, you'd be at 100 million.""SO exactly why is it that BI and The DayZ dev team cant even give us a single reason why we haven't even seen a decent attempt at fixing the basic problems in the game instead of just dumping a load of added content on top of an already suffering game? My review of this and all other BI/Dean Hall releases still stands as followsBefore the Fanboy's and keyboard wielding Nerd Ninja's come on the attack, I would like to say this, After an initially very positive review nearly a year ago I am having to reassess my opinion of this game. I understand that this is an ""Early Access"" which should be in its ""latter stages of development"" so please put your Bruce Banner face back on. I don’t want my money back and I don’t want them pulled off Steam. I want them to listen to their customers, fix what they have to this point and then continue. I played the mod for a long time and was one of the folks that hoped the Standalone would come. I prayed that Dean Hall and Bohemia Interactive would see this game for what it could be, the biggest open world true zombie survival experience and not just a cash cow. I stopped playing this game only recently because the developers refuse to fix the very basic fundamentals of the game. Melee combat, pathing issues, falling through floors, desync, and the list goes on. In its infancy this title garnered the developers, from best estimates, nearly 6 million dollars in the first few days. Now nearly a year later and the basic game fundamentals are still broken. The latest iteration of content and bug fixes only serves as proof to me that there is no intent to fix the game but merely pack it full of content and then port it to the consoles as quick as they can for even more money. BI's latest ""DLC"" releases for ARMA3 are even further proof to me that they are pushing profit over product. It is my suggestion that you DO NOT buy this or any other Dean Hall or Bohemia Interactive title until their intentions are clear. Fix it or flog it to console, make up your mind."
,Recommended,221100,8900830,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Lue~ ☆ (Fritty),"Getting Handcuffed in the middle of the road , having 3 snipers using me as bait and shooting people coming to save me , 10/10"
76561197961173359,Not Recommended,221100,17166670,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Flattest Eric,"If anybody is interested in filing a class action lawsuit, let me know."
,Not Recommended,221100,17860359,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,✪ Tookaz †,"Spent 4 hours looking for Loot, found a hat, someone shot me and took my hat. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,31061447,Posted: 10 April,all,SpaceGhost,Steam really needs to review it's Early Access policy.  A game in Early Access development after 2 years should automatically refund the people who bought into it.  This is a joke and these developers are using the Early Access tag as a loophole to not be held accountable for poor quality products.  Steam needs to hold developers accountable for delivering a finished product at some point.  4 years... I mean really?
,Recommended,221100,9996818,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Greeny3ny,Be prepared to get knocked unconcious and awake with no clothes.Trust no-one.
,Not Recommended,221100,17805837,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Winnie,"This game was actually playable and fun when it first came out... Three years ago. It has devolved into a desync ridden lag fest with enough hackers to run a Walmart checkout line on every server. Dissapointing, highly dissapointing."
76561197988984614,Not Recommended,221100,15280195,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ugnokk,"likes: the idea of a game like this.dislikes: hmm.. lets see, constant lag, numerous additions of totally useless items (thanks reddit fedoras), op zombies, spawning hungry.after spending hours of running and looking at every location possible for for loot to spawn you find nothing and you are still hungry and about to die of starvation you find a tree and ""search for apples"" you spend 20 something minutes doing that and find nothing your screen goes black and white and you ""pass out"" and hit respawn and its the same again.played yesterday and spent 2 hours respawning to get a spawn that was close to my friend and i got the same cycle over and over again going from solnichny down to the long curve at S.E to kamishovo to electro to prigorodky to cherno over and over again.so yeah i think i am done with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game since nothing is being done to improve anything, thanks for making me waste time and money."
,Not Recommended,221100,34765686,Posted: 5 September,all,Daddy,"Devs robbed everyone whos bought this game, for the love of god do not get this game.I bought this game in 2014. It was fun at first, but there was so much to be done. I loved playing with my friends and surviving, but when you get killed from something not controllable it becomes ridiculous. When updates came they added items, but broke other features. At some point you could die from walking up stairs. The zombies were bascially removed for a year, because there were so many problems with them.The devs have made  minuscule amount of updates since 2014 and with every update minor items and features are added, but more things are broken. 126 million dollars is how much money this game made, and its been in what I still consider pre alpha since 2013.This game will never be completed, and is not worth  the money. If you take youre time and read other comments you will see that many others were robbed.P.S. If you look most positive comments you will notice that they were written in 2014. The game is nothing like that anymore. We were lied to and fed false promises, do not get this game, spend it on something that is worth the money."
,Not Recommended,221100,16131906,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,jeff,The bike ride I made to my dads work to bring him his shaver so I could use his credit card to purchase this. Was more entertaining and fun than my entire experience with this game.
,Recommended,221100,8595452,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,PeeJ,yes
,Not Recommended,221100,13376053,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Thorin Oakenshield,"To put it simply, in it's current state, it's just not worth it. The game is just boring and not fun to play at the current stage, if it changes i'll change this review. Until then I cannot recommend this to anyone.I'm aware many people do not share this same point of view, this is just my opinion on the game."
76561198163086870,Not Recommended,221100,13519602,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mr. Mosen,"When I started this game I was optimistic. I was open to making friends through the game. I have done so but 99% of my encounters I die and the sad thing is I could have killed 75% of you ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who killed me but I backed off and then you killed me. I guess the fact I did not shoot you and said hello when I was behind you must have made you think I was a bandit. I particularly love this last death where I am a foot away with my axe and I back away and you let me get out one word before you execute me. There is hardly any conversation in this game. I as well as everyone here I am guessing spend  99% of the game running to your friends or running to one city or another or being killed as mentioned earlier and starting the process all over. I notice zombies agro seems to be a longer distance now. They still hit me through walls. Hell they even hit me when I am 2 stories up from the bottom floor. There is a glitch where if you set an item down it goes into your inventory which is handy but it's a bug lol and it can cause you to lose your weapon if you’re not careful. You have trucks but they are not persistent, you have tents but they too are not persistent, you wait to make a vault at the end of what seems to be an endless process full of bugs, hackers, and 0 persistence with character wipes. You have hackers selling hack scripts to players on sites charging them 10 -20 bucks a month to have hacks so you don’t even have to be a hacker to cheat on this game. Auto aim, teleporting, invisibility, seeing through walls, speed boost, unlimited ammo, seeing freaking txt of what’s in every building without even bothering to enter them, a map showing where the players are in your area. I had one of these people shoot me a few nights back he was so stupid he did not even realize he had the see through walls hacks he said I was floating all over the place and made some comment after I died. Oh yes and like so many have said never mind if you can avoid hackers there are the players who shoot right away they don’t even bother to talk even if you don’t even want to kill them you have to THEY MAKE YOU! Because after trying to talk to people 45 times and being killed without a word you start to realize man what's the point of it all so you follow suit so you have dumb idiots forcing even friendly players to kill on site because you make the game this way by NEVER EVER COMMUNICATING yet still I try to talk to players when I am geared out and could ruin them at the drop of a hat with the same outcome 99% of the time. I would have worked hard to get you gear just like mine had you just spoken to me and you would have gained a loyal friend and ally.  And if that bs does not kill you there is always instant death going up stairs. I did that 3 nights ago on a server with just me on the sever… and thanks so much for adding cannibalism to a game that’s already filled with people killing me for no reason now you give them even more incentive to kill first and there is no insensitive to talk to people in the game… you don’t fix stair death, you don’t fix ladder death, you don’t deal with these hacker sites making money off your buggy game. I love dayz and I have tolerated the bs far less time than most of the other players who have complained I bet but something has to give don’t give me Christmas tress give me results show me you can fix this game, make me believe you give a crap by fixing the problems instead of adding content FIX THE BUGS IN THE GAME enough stupid add-ons fix your freaking bugs!   Thumbs down till you guys actually focus on the real issues with the game."
,Not Recommended,221100,12979103,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,PLAYCON97,"Look, I bought this game almost a year ago now, and I barely play it. The simple fact is, nothing has changed. The game has implimented a few new clothing choices, weapons and re-modeled cities that should have been in there since day one. The game was rushed into Early Access way too fast. And while I realize that it is in fact, an Early Access game, there is no excuse for not adding anything meaningful to the game after 2 years.And I would even say that there are more bugs in this game than there originally were two years ago.And if you're a person that can handle bugs and glitchs and can take all that in stride, the community is the next problem. I have recently finished watching all of FrankieIn1080p's videos on his DayZ story, and the mod is so much further along than this game is, and the community are 4x better as well. Everyone in the stand-alone WILL shoot you on site. At least in the original mod you had a 30% chance they would not. And trust me, that 30% seems a whole lot better than spending 10+ hours getting gear all over such a huge map (which still does not have vehicles, but the mod does) only to be sniped from somewhere you can't even see.The big thing that annoy's me about this game, is that the 4 year old mod, is still so much further along than this game. Like I said, I can respect that an Early-Access game has its fair share of bugs and glitchs, but when the original mod still has more stuff and is more stable than this game, there is definitly something wrong.That, and the lead dev is leaving to make some other game when he has not even finished this Alpha.It's your call if you want to buy it, but I really did try to like this game and it wasn't for me... or anyone else I know. The concept is there, it just could have been executed better.4/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,15753056,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,APA.minds,"Don't know what to say (where I have a lot to say), I will finish my review by sharing my feelings. Everytime I see DayZ in my library I feel kinda cheated."
,Not Recommended,221100,18130292,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Jsake,"Steam should be ashamed of allowing this to release as an early access game. after years of development they are still years behind the mod... which is way more fun. Don't waste your money on this, it's currently being deveoped at an excruciatingly slow pace by a team who lack direction and spend months building new clothes and gun models despite still not having working zombies... not that they care because they've already reaped all the profits."
76561198101851241,Not Recommended,221100,28310922,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Fucking Mexicans,Early access simulator 2016...
76561198063329604,Not Recommended,221100,30741061,Posted: 25 March,all,papa pirelli,"Worst game, worst company.  DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!DO NOT SUPPORT THIS COMPANY IN ANY FUTURE ENDEAVORS.  THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RUN!"
,Not Recommended,221100,15315822,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Papabear3g,"After the 0.55 update it has been too difficult of a game to have fun in.  The looting system in my opinion and the majority of the people's opinion think it's ruined.  Loot no longer spawns in Firestations, Prisons, Airfields, or Military Bases;  The food is scarce, too scarce.  If you're in a firefight, you're more likely to die from starvation before the other guy gets the chance to kill you.  This update has also ruined player interaction, people are forced to shoot on sight to eat other players for food, since it is so scarce.  Some people will say ""You suck at DayZ, go play something easier for you like COD.""  Well guess what, more people play COD because it's easier than DayZ.  Easier is more fun and attracts more people to this game.  I'm not saying spawn M4s and AKMs in every house you enter.  Everything was good until this update, the two things in this update that has ruined it is : New ""Looting"" System, and the New Zombie AI.  It's good that they're now a threat, but at least make it reasonable to fight them.  They are hitting me 3 times before they're even done with one hitting animation, it's ridiculous.  Just fix the zombies and bring back the new looting system and this game will be EXCELLENT."
,Not Recommended,221100,22928721,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,✪ LilBNDKT,"DayZ,developers,players,This game was firstly ""published"" in year 2013... I was so happy and proud of this game,because I played a lot  DayZ Mod and because I loved Bohemia Interactive as a great czech game developing company since ArmA II...  At the beginning of its way it was normal and very awaited ""going to be Stand-Alone version."" I bought this game right when it was on Steam and there were a lot of bugs.. But it was,and then there comes the bad word ""The Famous Early Access""... The bugs were okay,you can say ""It is on its start of development,so heads up,my friends."" I was still so proud of this game,but thenTODAY 12.05.2016It's year 2016 and it is still in ""The Famous Early Access"" , one week ago,the .60 (unstable experimental branch) version released... Game changed only in details,new engine had to be here on DayZ's start,not in a half of ""neverending story called Early Access"".I liked this game and the sad fact of it is,that a lot of things since alpha and early versions of it were forgotten,are not in game and probably will be forgotten and never will be added to DayZ.Now updates are still slowing down,the ""weekly updates"" are now ""half year updates"",developers earned a ""mountain"" of money and this beautiful title of ""DayZ"",I am not kidding,its a very great title with a big concurency is falling to the hole of forgotten things and developers look like they made it only for money,which they do and can,but not that bad like this,like scam... If I was in this situation one year ago,you will probably see thankful and positive recension,how I like and I am proud of Bohemia Interactive.. Always when somebody told about Bohemia Interactive how they do this game bad,I was telling him the bright sides of DayZ.In the game,there are still people like I was,who are proudly of Bohemia Interactive and Dayz,but one day you will read their negative recensions in here like I,one of them do now...Developers,If you are reading this with full honesty,DayZ is losing its popularity and when times goes it is still getting worser,recreate ""weekly updates"" and start doing something ! This game don't deserve this way of development,where are you Bohemia Interactive,where is game company of what I was proud of... Wake up...Thank you all for and don't forget to rate it as useful or how do you feel it... ThanksIf you want to buy DayZ,do it only if developers will wake up and make this game not the ""Game of our childs"" or in worser scenario ""The game,which wasn't completed"" Cheers."
,Not Recommended,221100,14460037,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,VolkeB,"Let me be clear, this game was and always will be broke. Dean struck Gold and when he got his share, he jumped ship and let his crew die in the wreck.First off, It's been in developement for 2 years. No, not one. They were working on it before they released it. Then they released it, got top seller for 2 weeks, made ♥♥♥ loads of cash, and stopped caring. 2 years of development and the game is in a constant state of repair. They fix one thing and 10 other things break. And they still do not care about the excessive amounts of hackers that plague the servers. Why would they? They're filthy ♥♥♥♥ing rich.Second, if it isn't the development ruining this game, it's the community. God, is the community awful. On the forums, the Moderators delete any negative comments about the game. The ones they don't delete, they shuffle into one thread to keep it from the public eye so they can still sell the game. So when people go the forums, all they see is discussions on how amazing it is. I've seen them remove comments, well constructed criticism on the game, and call it ""slander"". Haha, slander! And if it isn't the moderators making sure the game looks like gold, it's all of the 12 year olds or Ex-Military ♥♥♥ clowns asking for more guns. Want the core mechanics fixed first? You're an idiot, what you want is another rifle to spawn close to the coast and plenty of ammo. That way you can kill people as soon as you spawn! Just like every other FPS! Want player interaction? Want to really feel like a survivor? You're a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot.In conclusion, I've gotten my money's worth out of the game. But it's still broke after a year and the only real change is it's no longer constantly night time, I guess. 2/10, Thanks Dean ""Rocketwerkz"" Hall. You filthy ♥♥♥♥ing kiwi."
,Not Recommended,221100,15088739,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,学ｌｅｄｇｙ/ face,So much hype. Why you bail out on us dean?
,Not Recommended,221100,14222304,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Gosumania,Forever Alpha
,Not Recommended,221100,24811614,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,united csgoroll.com hellcase.com,"At the actual state of the game I would not recommend people to buy the game, here are some reasons.First of all I follow the game since day 1 and I can clearly say that the game had a lot of good changes through its development time but there is still a lot to do. The game had major updates such as the engine one that refreshed the game, graphically only (from my point of view).The game has greatly evolved but some of the most annoying bugs that are in the game from the start never got fixed, for example dying from walking in stairs, running inside/outside houses.Also last update blocked some duplication method and some hacks / cheats, that is great but some others bugs came in (For example gun sounds not playing when other players shoots, you understand the problem in pvp, you can't figure out from where people shoot on you) some cars bug that despawn randomly after a server restart and the lac of optimization that limit synchronization on full  servers, wont blame the game for that, can be material issues on servers too...All of those things let me came to a question: Am I still having fun playing the game? Well the answer is not clear in my mind, but I would more likely say no. I did like the game in the past, I had lot of fun playing it but in the current state it is barely playable. So I wont recommend people to buy the game NOW, wait t'ill the game is better, more stable and optimized (sync issues) and polished of course.Also want to mention that devs are doing updates not frequently, 0.60 took 6 months (understandable for an engine reworking) and others are kinda random to me, around 2 to 4 months.Will edit this evaluation in the future, if needed, I hope It get better..."
,Not Recommended,221100,21413693,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,C453™ 👌,980Ti - 10FPS
,Not Recommended,221100,18362427,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,acri,Pure scam. Do not buy.Updates are basically nonexistent. Literally every update is shallow.Update: It has been almost 2 years since I made this review. Nothing changed.
76561198010997970,Not Recommended,221100,34047183,Posted: 5 August,all,Phaded,"It was worth it 2 years ago, it was understandable that there were bugs, but after 4 years, they still havent fixed♥♥♥♥♥♥ and never will. the devs are playing you all.  This game had so much potential, just in the wrong hands. RIP DAYZ"
,Not Recommended,221100,19534488,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,EmrhnCB,"GTX 970,,,,Still gets frame drops.But I think my grandsons will see the full version of this game !!!! 10/10"
76561198118985697,Not Recommended,221100,26070597,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Tupoun,"Not recommended:- 1 update per year, that is 166 days ago, no realistic sign of another update being released soon,- shrinking player base,- DEV logs full of ""we will ... one day, soon ... but it will be breath taking"",- DEVs generally hostile towards players, Hicks especially,- should be in BETA 2015, still ALFA 2016,- constant delays of promised content,- bugs not getting removed, for the DEVs ""... are looking at the bigger picture and don't want to loose focus, whilst working on major things"", thus with 1 update per year bringing more bugs ... yeah, supperb.Terrible disappointment, especially when you consider the game being actually recycled ArmA II. Free ""Z"" mods for ArmA III are way better, then this. Waste of money, any project with mister Hicks would be a gigantic warning sign for me."
,Not Recommended,221100,28489363,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Simurghlicious,"Just don't buy the game, It's been bad development decision after bad development decision.Why are devs adding wolves and clothing when there are literally game breaking bugs like swimming in land and getting killed by walking up a hill?Why has it been in development for THREE YEARS?Why are bug fixes less important than revamping the god damn server browser (AGAIN.)?Why is it that they've had all this time to fix their problems but are just wasting it on random unneeded♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm confused, Bohemia, Its not the fact that the games been in alpha since ♥♥♥♥ing forever, but I honestly can't say that I like the direction that your development is going. This game was as promising as a bright new day and all I can think of is another Starforge.Honestly, I feel I've wasted money."
76561198122942318,Not Recommended,221100,17804482,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Highwalker,Utter dissapointment. Don't buy this. Get Arma 3 instead and play the Breaking Point mod.
76561198064530704,Not Recommended,221100,19300437,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,takinereasy,"I see this game is on sale. Don't buy it. I can objectively say it is garbage. It's a buggy, laggy, ugly, boring mess of a game. Apologists of this game will go on and on about how people who criticize the game just don't get it, it's such a complicated game to make, it's not done yet... They are delusional. They are the worst. The community for this game defends it because it is a troll simulator. They can hide on a hill and snipe people who just spawned and laugh as they force people to start over again and again. They developers are constantly adding content to the game, like dresses and shoes and guns that all function the same, but never finish anything, like the engine, or the zombies, or vehicles, or character animations... I could go on. If I could get my money back for this, I would. Do not buy this game."
76561198067264977,Not Recommended,221100,25025422,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,jpguy902,Devlopers got all the money they wanted and then cut and run. Game hasent improved since its release and will always remain in Alpha stage.
76561197995743896,Not Recommended,221100,8522637,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,New Mic Who dis?,"If finding a fire extinguisher and 2 rotten tomatoes in 1 hour is your way of having fun, this game will give  you an erection."
,Not Recommended,221100,12693099,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Eddmnd·,"I'm not even going to state that is is an early access review, mainly because it says it in blue above me, but also because the game feels like it just doesn't move on into a full game.I know how hard it is to make a large open game like this, but other games have pulled it off befor such as planetside2, whitch is made by SoE, so hopefully H1Z1 will be similar.For and early access game it is good with lots of features, but there is 1 thing that they can't seem to fix, and because this game has been out for ages and noting has been done about it, I am beginning to think that it will never be fixed:You can't play this game on a gtx 970 and fx 9590 @ 5.0Ghz maxed out to maintain a solid 35ps in the city.The game doesn't really look that good to justify the high demand and on servers with alot of people I lag so much I just quit.Nobody wants to play at less than 30fps... The game uses 20% of my CPU and 45% of my GPU, so the game is not using my hardware and is not optimized at all, loading in every texture that you can't even see.Wait till H1Z1 is out, that is a free game and going by the fact that it is made bt SoE (sony) it should be optimized very well, like their FPS-MMO planetside 2, which I can play on a gtx 750 @ 1080p on low and still hit 60fps...I wanted to like this game, I really did, but I can't justify paying 20 quid for an unfinished game that will only come out of early access after HL3 is released.The gameplay is good, if you can find someone that doesn't shoot you in the face, you can have alot of fun. With 2+ people PvP fights become amazingly fun, you have to watch enemy flanks and pin them down and send somebody up round to flank them, just to see their brains fly 10 meters because nobody saw that sniper, amazing. But you will have to put up with a low frame rate in the citys...Gameplay: you will experience 1 of the 21)BoringPeople KosSo you then Kos to defend yourselfPeople camp air bases so you can't get good lootZombies hit you through wallsI hate Russians-uninstall-2)Exciting and rewardingMake good friendsGo raiding the air bases and kill everyone for good lootCamp the air bases so nobody can get good lootZombies hit you through wallsYou love Russians-add to favorites-Will you be a hero or a bandit???Well just do what everybody does and claim they are a hero and only kill when threatened. But what you have to remember is that these Russians get threatened by you just being in the same square mile as them. So watch out.(sorry for spelling errors, feel free to point them out)"
,Not Recommended,221100,18185783,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Lendario,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198000206654,Not Recommended,221100,13539632,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,GRAND WIZARD OF THE AUTISM PARTY,"After purchasing this game in Alpha probably 6 months ago, I knew that there would be bugs, I knew it would be a works in progress and I happily accepted that, I didn't play for long when I first purchased as I found the experience to just be too buggy (as one would expect, fair call).Fast forward to now, and 1 million copies sold down the track and we are still faced with the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, buggy, glitched,♥♥♥♥♥♥I think it's ♥♥♥♥ing criminal that these developers seem to think that the most important thing to include is new content, WHEN THE OLD ♥♥♥♥ING CONTENT DOESN'T EVEN ♥♥♥♥ING WORK.This game has more problems than centrelink patrons named Charmaine."
,Not Recommended,221100,22599220,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Waylander TGM,"I am writing this review after watching and being banned from the live stream of .60I did not swear or insultI only raised the issues that where visible in the streamConstant stuttering ,,,stillTextures failing to loadPoor hit detectionMissing animationswhat looked like input lag or very bad lag on thier end ( running in walls dbbl jumping and warping zoms)I have been a staunch supporter of this game/mod for a very long time but after today and the treatment of the Devs taking part in the stream i am uninstalling.I am doing this also as i now agree this game is broken and i cant see it being released to beta never mind full release for a very long time.There are games out there and comming very soon that wil make dayz look redundant.The cheating problem is horrendousIf your looking to interact with players and have adventure like Frankie or any other Youtuber/Curator forget it.This is a Purley KOS (kill on sight game)The decent servers RP are locked and good luck getting in with donating.You will spend a good few hours looting in an empty server then travelling for a bit of PVP only to die from a shot from knowhere.We have atm invisible players, aimbots , esp(wallhack), scripters who can teleport and give themselves any weapon they choose.Im sad at this review but this is the most honest opinion i can give for those looking to play.If you take anything form this review let me tell you that it is a stunning looking game but thats it... it broken and will be broken for a very long time. I half expect an announcment that they need to rebuild, i mean the game is still 32 bit.Basically im not going to say dont buy this game,, just dont buy it yet !!! let them finish. They have taken the early access money (not much to show for x amount of millions) now lets see a viable playable product also be prepared for some heavy marketing as they seem to be pushing the DAYZ ""Brand"" really hard ..So in all yes looks good but if you planning on buying now dont !!!"
,Recommended,221100,8597536,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,shibitto,makes me a worse human being everytime i play it
76561197982464064,Not Recommended,221100,19361507,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Veteran (UK),I liked this game when i first had it but its been ruined by cheaters and slow development. Avoid!
,Recommended,221100,15528098,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Lucky Dangerous,"Step 1. Pay $30 for Early Alpha AccessStep 2. Ignore dissapointment (it's in early alpha still, right?)Step 3. HopeStep 4. Wait until 2014Step 5. HopeStep 6. Wait until 2015Step 7. Early Alpha AccessStep 8. Realize you got duped by Dean because he legally got all us scrubs to legally give him money he legally does not have to give back, but will once a year drop ""improvements"" to UI to make you think he's not actually blowing all that money on d.r.u.g.s.Step 9. Hope?"
,Not Recommended,221100,12860585,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Cleggy,"DayZ... Where do I begin?The game was made originally made a mod for Arma II: Operation Arrowhead about 3 years ago, and during its mod days I totally enjoyed the game, had constant fun of running around the map with stable game mechanics, lots of content and numerous updates coming very regular. Sniping people in Stary Sobor at like 4am on highly populated servers was the life, setting up car traps (Hence the word, CARS.) and it was so fun I could sit there for hours picking off unsuspecting victims. The DayZ where you could get into helicopters, cars and have a wide variety of different weapons, a working system and it was absolutely bliss. Then the developers announced it was going to be made into a standalone game.DayZ Standalone  came out on the night of the 16th December 2013, I bought it within 15 minutes of release, thinking it was going to have a sufficient amount of content considering they was developing it for a long period of time. Yet upon loading and playing the game for some time, I was quite dissapointed by lack of effort actually put into the game. Their was like 2 guns, the hand held weapons didnt even work, zombies could run through walls, no vehicles not even a peddle bike and their wasn't even a proper loot table let alone respawning loot. So today is 09/11/2014 and I am going to say that, literally, the only thing that has probably changed is the following;- 5 ish new zombie annimations.- 3 to 4 new guns added.- A semi-working loot table.- Countless amounts of clothes added (When zombies are still running through walls and under the ♥♥♥♥ing floor).- A couple of towns added.I mean, every time DayZ gets updated, Im like ""Oh my god, its been three months and there is finally an update! OMG. What is it? Vehicles? Guns? Zombies fixed from breaking my legs from under the floor? Actual working hit detection system with melee weapons? Im so excited!!!"" Followed by... ""In update 0.xx, we have added... WATERPROOF CLOTHES!!!"" and then people like going mental as if they've fixed the entire game in the comments. Like really? Waterproof ♥♥♥♥ing clothes? When Im still trying to hit a zombie when its under the floor but not only is the tip of the zombies head showing, the floors physical height is higher than the visual model, so Im hitting the floor and not the zombie, but regardless even if the floor was a fixed height in comparison to the visual model, I still wouldn't be able to hit the ♥♥♥♥ing zombie due to the 5 hit detection points on its body, they are the following, centre of chest, big toe, little toe, left knee cap and thumb on right hand. It's genuinely like the game's made for people to rage at and put their reactions on YouTube to get some sort of hilarious comedy out of it. Another aspect of the game, that still hasn't been fixed is some of the buildings, you can casually run into a solid looking building, then spontaneously collapse on the floor (with your top notch clothes that you've been spending hours to find) with two broken legs and lost about half your blood, and about 2 seconds after that it's announced beautifully that you're dead dead centre of your screen... I mean, it might aswell just say ""Hahaha you ♥♥♥♥♥♥, just thought I'd glitch you through the map a few times to turn your little legs into mushy peas and watch you suffer and die, have fun getting your loot back you little ♥♥♥♥♥"". Quite infuriating to say the least. Another bug, that involves one of the two guns in the game, is the Mosin scope. Now, realistically you'd expect the bullet to land around the crosshair in a rectangle as shown in the picture below, but what you really get is, well... check the picture for god sake! It's like trying to stay hydrated ingame... oh I didnt mention how every character shows constant Ebola symptoms. Oh and one last thing, just check the bleeding model below and that's after fighting 2 zombies with a crowbar and killing neither and look at where the blood is actually exiting my body.Mosin scope accuracy -http://i.imgur.com/qBKqPaA.jpg?1Bleeding after having a pathetic fight with two zombies with a steel crowbar -http://i.imgur.com/vVU6IlQ.jpg?1I actually think that the Dev's are more interested in adding pointless content like, waterproof trousers or a skater helmet, than fixing the performance deterioration, the zombies or even adding some sort of transport that will get us around the 225km2 map instead of walking for 6 hours. Whilst on the topic of map size, the vast majority of us have played Battlefield, and I'd say everyone has played Call of Duty, so here's a map comparison for all 3 games.Map comparison:http://i.imgur.com/AOsmMra.jpgBeing a huge fan of DayZ mod, I clearly expected too much from the developers in there humble opinion, the game made a lot of money, selling just over 2 MILLION copies to this day. So lets do some math,2000000 x £20 = £40,000,000. Yeah, you read that quite right... £40 million Pound Sterling.Now obviously, Steam has a cut of this, so like 30% lets say (Average from sources). So lets take 30% form that £40 million for estimation purposes.So £40,000,000 x 0.7 = £28,000,000. So where does this ridiculous amount of money get distrubuted? Who knows...I hope the DayZ Development team actually start to pull there♥♥♥♥♥♥together, I've been verging to get a refund for months, along with many of my friends, but we've stuck to it because of the mod and maybe one day, it will relive again and will be such a good game, but after almost a year of development, I can't really see this going anywhere anymore.DayZ Mod gets a solid 10 out of 10. (Requires Arma II and Arma II: Operation Arrowhead)DayZ Standalone 3 out of 10. Gets three for the countless amounts of clothes, and if someone's designing a fashion simulator, don't bother, we've got one... right here... for £20."
,Not Recommended,221100,22405186,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Iskukip,"2 year on early access and the game has gotten gradually worse.1 year after EA release they start work on a new engine, still no iteration available.100s of clothing pieces added but zombies mostly removed.Performance has gotten worse, considerably.Hackers are common.This game is the shining example that Early access is a flawed system, prone to scams like this.One of the worst dev teams in game development. (Even WarZ was at a playable standard by 2 years)Avoid this game.*edit*New Engine is here! and f**king nothing has changed, the empty houses, s**t zombies  are still s**t, No loot anywhere, you die after being out in the rain for 5 minutes like a f**king witch from wizard of OZ, you starve to death after 2 minutes of running.I would rather staple certain bits of my anatomy to a table and throw the table out of the window."
76561198089163482,Not Recommended,221100,17899645,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,xTailyZ,"Dayz!, The hype of this game was enormous!, I loved it too, i purchased it the Day it came out on steam in early access, i played it with alot of friends at the time, but at the end everyone stopped playing, and a few months later, i tried it again with another friend, this time i had a better pc than before, but wtf i thought, the game ran worse on this good gaming pc than it did on my old♥♥♥♥♥♥pc, i can play Dragon Age: Inquisition on High/Ultra on this pc, but on the other i could barely run it on lowest.Well, this explains the fantastic optimization this game has, and i hope they do absolytely NOTHING about it!Well, that concludes my rewiew, and i think Everyone agrees with me."
,Not Recommended,221100,14834309,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,[B&E] ĤÂŘMŁĘŠŞ,The DayZ devs better have spent that 60 million dollars profit on gold plated DlLDOS because they really need to go f*ck themselves.
76561198111147541,Not Recommended,221100,21031162,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,iloveSmackma,cash grab
,Not Recommended,221100,17702780,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,F530 Josh,"I cannot, in good concious, reccomend this game to anyone. It has been a long time in early access, yet the zombies still no clip. Your frame rates, as in anything Arma, will stutter regardless of system strength. You will run, and run, and run for hours, just to be sniped by angry 6th grader with more time than you. Meaninful player interactions are not in this game. They simply do not exist.Until this game hits a stable state, where it is actually something not filled with game breaking bugs and glitches, You  should not touch it. Before white knights get here and say something like ""You bought a game in alpha deal with dewd!"" I would just like to state that at no point, should a game with this much revenue be allowed to stay in an Alpha state for this long.Also, be advised, I am selling pants, they are in alpha. They include no zipper, no button, no belt loops, and only one pant leg. Price, 35.99.Don't buy into the Alpha hype."
76561198125910000,Not Recommended,221100,21248887,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,inversus07,This game is the biggest troll on steam
76561197995203780,Not Recommended,221100,15192770,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Pit,"UPDATED 2017:1k+ hours on record, I began playing DayZ when it first came out. I also played the mod and the many variations that came along such as Epoch, Origins, Traviana - for quite a long time. I was a die-hard fan of the game. After 3 years (16 Dec, 2013 steam release date) of rubbish updates, rampant hacking, unresponsive dev team and plentiful bugs, I just need to state my opinion.The list of negative aspects of the game:1. 4+ Years of developement: the game is still in alpha.2. The progress of game delevopement is extremely slow, the updates are sparse and do not bring anything signifcant to the gameplay (light changes to item spawn rates and farming/cultivation, some new weapons on extremely rare occasions).2017: PATCHES EVERY 8-9 MONTHS!3. Game breaking bugs are still not fixed:-Walking down on stairs in various buildings such as the fire station can break your legs/kill you.-Zombies still glitch through walls and doors.-Some buildings may just simply kill you while standing/crouching in them.-You may spawn inside rocks on rare occasions.-You can also take no damage from jumping off buildings.-Floating buildings, items, dead bodies and trees.-Broken item spawn system/very little loot to collect.-Glitchy and buggy cars that are extremely hard to drive in a straight like.4.2017: HACKERS EVERYWHERE.5. The game is still a walking simulator.6. Game optimization is still quite poor, massive FPS drops are a common occurrence. (Game slows down, especially while walking in large cities).**My PC should let me play the game with decent frame rate and on graphics set to normal/medium. Arma2 was working way more fluid than the standalone DayZ.7. At this rate of developement the game will never leave alpha.2017: THERE IS NO DEVELOPEMENT. PATCHES ARE UP EACH 8 MONTHS OR SO.8. Rare bug fixes.2017: NO BUG FIXES, PATCHES ARE ALMOST NONEXISTENT COMPARED TO OTHER EA GAMES.9. The dev team of DayZ ban people who do not praise the game (from steam discussions), they do not let constructive criticism in any form or shape. In addition, the devs ignore the community.The list of positive aspects:1. The game is still the most unique concept I encountered.2. The tactical aspect (gunfights, team work) are still fun and challenging.3. You can stumble upon lots of crazy encounters and situations - the community can be quite creative.4. The survival aspect used to be quite fun, gearing up and finding rare items/weapons could bring satisfaction*(this changed after the last patch since items are obnoxiously hard to find right now (2015-04-03).Final verdict: PLAY THE MOD.[/b] DayZ standalone is a cash grab.*2017: BOHEMIA ABANDONED THE GAME. THE GAME IS NOT IN BETA, THEY JUST CHANGED THE TITLE FROM APLHA TO BETA AND DID NOT CHANGE THE GAME IN THE SLIGHTEST. THEY ARE STILL TRYING TO SELL YOU A BROKEN, UNFINISHED PRODUCT*"
,Not Recommended,221100,23339065,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Mute Witness,"About as fun as falling crotch first onto a sharp rock.Guess I'll just have to work at liking it like everyone else does.Would be nice if I could play the non dev release without it restarting my computer for me though.Asked for help from support, was banned from forums/bug tracker.Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,221100,34884492,Posted: 11 September,all,Drake,"y'know whats funny? this game made around $126,000,000 and it has been out for...what..4 years? maybe longer...PLAYERUNKOWN Battlegrounds has been out i think 165 days...made $300,000,000 and even broke the 1,000,000 congruent players wich is now considered one of Steam's top game's...these games are both EA....Both generated from ARMA....Y'know what went wrong? Development...."
,Recommended,221100,8576041,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,sigh <weaboost.org>,"Handcuffed a guy, forced him to drink bleach, got his gearbleach/10"
76561198050612047,Not Recommended,221100,15735502,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,psy_phy811,"I think this ""early access"" was to milk as much money from the people who got the free mod as possible.If Steam won't protect its consumers from Early Access, I'll never give another incomplete game a dime again"
,Not Recommended,221100,13368410,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,ジェシー,11/10 Runs as good as Assassin's Creed Unity.
76561197991841712,Not Recommended,221100,20970521,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Captain Go-F♠ck-Yourself,"180+ hours full of ""I believe it'll get better""......but it won't."
76561198069435348,Not Recommended,221100,16868546,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Undead,Best game to try out the new steam refund policy
,Not Recommended,221100,34006973,Posted: 3 August,all,BigDaddy,"Re-defining the superlative of ""early access""..."
76561198068683958,Not Recommended,221100,18177479,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,sloanaustin,"Beautiful idea, great map, so much potential... but it's been in Alpha for years and there's little to no progression. I sincerely hope they make this a stable game but until then... don't buy it."
76561198074011377,Not Recommended,221100,16263959,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Hellstormer,In 2030:FIFA 30NHL 30Sins of Solar Empire 4 Dark SpaceGTA XHalo 11Sniper Elite 15Mortal Combat 13PayDay 8Battlefield 10DayZ Early AccessDont even waste ur time looking up this game its not worth even 1 buck
79372902028557214,Not Recommended,221100,15898904,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Supreme Matching Premium Fuck,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Dayz▄░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198042710839,Not Recommended,221100,21443788,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Royalpaste,this game runs worse than a paraplegic.
76561198042350163,Not Recommended,221100,15783457,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,a soggy potato,developers are♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,19119383,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,pepps,When do i get my refund?
,Recommended,221100,8545920,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,linkybaa,Sprayed bleach on a can of tuna and fed it to my friend. He died.10/10
76561198005975953,Not Recommended,221100,23154346,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Silver,"The main creator Dean Hall left the team after lofty promises and  much hype raising with a lot of the teams funding  (according to some souces) to create his own studio, once again to make a early acess game.I don't know about the rest of you, but I have been here since the start and its smelling of a scam by this point. The MOD has heart, this however was only made for a quick buck.Please avoid folks, this is very much a dead game. Don't listen to the PVP fanboys who literally ruin the game by makeing it kill on site, or use exploits.The developers say it themself, should you buy it?""In short, during Early Access? No.""http://steamcommunity.com/app/221100/discussions/0/558755530269707355/So by all means buy this game in 10 years time? If its even compleat. But I have tried my best to support the DayZ Mod, that was the real game."
,Not Recommended,221100,23415309,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Owned,If you added mod support you wouldn't need to do♥♥♥♥♥♥cuz the community can make it better than you noobs.Update:Got banned two times on Discussions for giving them honest feedback. GG mods
,Not Recommended,221100,18035504,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Flatbushzombie,"if I could, I would make a million accounts just to not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,221100,13416941,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Fetty wrap,Alpha forever
76561197980442670,Recommended,221100,8071200,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Rhino Ballsack,"Way better than the mod. Bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking. Pick up DayZ with a friend, and have some fun!"
,Not Recommended,221100,23915833,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Androo,"Lack of direction and development lacks leadership. Been in early access for years. A lot of Issues deep rooted in game engine itself. Developers initially sold millions of copies, what did the do for all that investment?"
,Not Recommended,221100,26699933,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,The Man From Del Monte,"I played the mod back in 2012. It was great fun and had amazing potential. I bought the SA when it came out back in 2013 (hey early access was new then) even though I had misgivings they could accomplish what they set out to do using the engine from ""Take on helicopters"". I could go on and on about how I thought things would play out (new engine, new maps, hordes, base building etc.).The fact is its been years now and the game is still a buggy broken mess with terrible physics, poor animations, awful netcode and missing features. It will never be ""finished"" and will never be worth your time. The best thing to come out of this game is a stark reminder of the pitfalls of the early access system.I hope someday another team will build a game in the same vein as this but done right. The people behind this need to quit game development and pursue a career in politics. If they can make 70 million on a zombie game with no zombies in it (near enough) imagine what they could achieve."
,Not Recommended,221100,17470354,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,DeathTPH,Me and my ex were both gamers. This game caused us to break up because it ♥♥♥♥ed her harder than I ever could.
,Not Recommended,221100,18900236,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,k-man,great game turned into a pile of worthless♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...gets worse every time i play
,Recommended,221100,19717479,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Ronin.dLm,"Unfortunately my review will probably be washed down by the large amount of negative reviews this game has received, however I will take a stab at getting my voice out there to the people. First off, however,I want you to look at how many hours I have logged into this game.The amount of time I have spent in DayZ Standalonefarsurpasses any other game I have played on Steam, and for good reason. There is a lot of misconception going around the Steam reviews, and quite frankly many of the negative comments are filled with bigot hate towards the developers and a lack of understanding for how the early access model works in DayZ. Hopefully I can clear some of the confusion and give potential buyers some clarity on the title.Let's rewind the clocks back to late 2013, a year after DayZ mod was released on Arma II. The survival sandbox genre had just exploded into the videogames scene, and every developer was trying to claim their stake in the land of the survivalist games. At the time, Bohemia Interactive had in their hands the most popular survivalist game on the market. Thousands of people played DayZ mod, and people loved the idea of an open-world survival game in which the elements and players are pitted against you. DayZ mod set the tone for what a survival game should be: challenging, unforgiving, and hard to top. Bohemia wanted to take the title and make it something greater, something much bigger and smoother than what the original mod intended to be. They knew that releasing a full version of the game on that clunky Arma II engine wouldn't cut it, so they had to make major improvements to bring the title into 2016 and beyond.Instead of releasing the full DayZ Standalone game on the horrible Arma II engine, Bohemia made the decision tocompletelyre-gut the engine and build a new one from scratch.FROM.SCRATCH.There are a few legacy modules that are getting carried over, but for the most part every aspect of the game is new (render, physics, lighting, etc). Anyone who has had any kind of development experience in video-games understands that this is a daunting task, a momentous task, a task that doesn't happen in one month or one year; No, creating a brand new engine takesyearsto develop, and this is where the root of the ""problem"" started.DayZ Standalone went into early access in late 2013, and this is where they made their big mistake. The game simply wasn't ready. With no new engine components even beingstartedon (plus it hit early access only 4 weeks into the development timeline, dear god), many early access players were left in disappointment when new features could not be pushed right away. People cried ""fix zombies"", but the zombies could not be fixed yet because an entirely new AI system was being created. People cried ""fix FPS"", but no FPS fix could be put in place because they were busy developing the new renderer. People wanted new vehicles, but vehicles could not be added yet because the physics system was being re-worked. There's no point in providing a ""fix"" for a mechanic in the game when that mechanic is going to be entirely replaced down the line anyways.And so people got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and fed up. ""$20 for a Standalone title, and there's no fixes for these bugs?"" Even I was at the point of rage, often times quitting DayZ Standalone for months at a time. People started saying that the developers weren't doing anything, that they ""took the money and ran"". But the real reality was that they were simply hard at work laying out the foundation for the title, unfortunately not being able to fix most bugs and issues at the time because they were so busy writing up new systems for the game to play on.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------SO LET'S FAST FORWARD. It's late 2015 now, nearing 2016. DayZ Standalone has been in development for 2 years now. Has the game changed? Are any of the new engine models finished? Are zombies even fixed yet?You bet your♥♥♥♥♥they are. If you were to ask me when I think the game should of been released to the public as early access, I would have said right now (version .59) would have been the time to do it. FINALLY, after 2 years of development, Bohemia Interactive is getting around to completing all of the upcoming engine changes and new foundation for the title. Let me make a quick list to get your hype train rolling:New Renderer is nearly finished, should have ""30 - 40 % FPS boost overall""Zombie AI is brand new and fixed, zombies now have sense of smell and sight, don't clip through walls, are actually a challengeFour vehicles currently in game: V3S, Sedan, Hatchback, and Bus. Arial vehicles confirmed, as well as bikes and boatsNew vehicle physics system taken from GTA V (Bullet SDK). Full vehicle maintenance and partsAll servers persistent. Camps and items are saved after restart. You can create large camps now.Tents, Barrels, vehicles, protector cases, and backpacks can all be used as base storage now. Stays persistent through server resetLoot respawn fixed. Loot spawns in areas that make sense now, it is very hard to get access to good weapons and ammoSickness and Disease now a major factor of gameplayTons of new animals in the game with new Animal AI. They react to sight and sound, as well as naturally roam the map looking for ponds and fields to graze in.Predator animals confirmed, including wolves and bearsmap changes and new northern towns expand the map greatly from modSoftskills soon to be implemented, aka the more you run the more fit you get. skills develop over timeEvery building now enter able with lootA ton of new weapons and cosmetic items (clothing) added into the gamecharacter wear progession, such as growing beards and getting dirt / blood on yourself, soon to be implementedContaminated Zones confirmed and being worked on, the first being a military base up northAnd soo so so much more. I could keep the list going forever but it honestly doesn't cover how much they've added into the game since launch.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ConclusionAnyone who says DayZ Standalone is dead, or that the developers have ""taken the money and ran"", or that the community is dead, quite frankly is full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game is very much alive and so much better than it was when it started. Even though DayZ SA has been slow off the start compared to other survivalist games (H1Z1, Rust, ARK, Unturned, Miscreated, etc), I strongly believe it will come out on top as the best survivalist game when it is finished. No other survival game has this much attention to detail and realism as DayZ. No other survival game has the kind of studio resources and money that Bohemia has to put out a strong title. No other survival game has mastered the hardcore aspect of survival and struggle better than DayZ. Almost every other survival game was rushed out on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unreal engine in an effort to reap money off the survivalist scene and try to outbeat Bohemia to the punch on features and gameplay. Games like Rust and H1Z1 fail to hit the bullseye on what a survival game should be. DayZ Standalone does this right and does it good. I would definitely recommend this game now, as it's about to surpass the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta all other games on the market. Go out there and start surviving!"
,Not Recommended,221100,20275324,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,pHawk,A horrible stain in my Steam Library.
,Not Recommended,221100,34058782,Posted: 6 August,all,Ohanzeé,"I bought DayZ in 2014, 3 years later this game is still in early access alpha, bugs everywhere etc.Just don't buy it, don't waste your money, there are much better games to play with similar gameplay."
76561197972029073,Not Recommended,221100,30947826,Posted: 4 April,all,PLISKEN,"Do not buy Dayz.It is boring as ♥♥♥♥ in its current state and has been for a while. The devs do not know whether they want to create a survival simulation, a MMO zombie horror game or a realistic FPS. It does all of these things but none of them well. Your average game session now will be 2 hours of going through building after building, after building, after building finding .... sweet ♥♥♥♥ all m8! This is not an exaggeration: you can spend 4 HOURS playing and find NOTHING. Ohhh muh realism, ohhh hardcore survival ohhh ctrl-alt-delete close dayz.exe and never play this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥againSupposing you are on fo the lucky few (or braindead NEET) who can find enough equipment to get rolling, for your troubles you now have to deal with horrible aiming, horrible controls and gamebreaking desync. Zombies might as well be bushes for how inconsequential they are. Oh by the way its been like this for the entire time it has been on the market. BI swindled us, this game will NOT be finished, ever. They already got our money to the tune of millions, so don't kid yourself, the incentive to finish this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is gone, it will be like project zomboid: minor updates with just enough new content to keep the cucks coming back every few years, 10 years later it will still be in ""early access"". What a joke."
76561198169890513,Not Recommended,221100,16935166,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,true colors,thoughs for the dev team :-lower game price to 20-25 dollars-put new rendering system and single players out in the next 6 months- finsh the game before 2025
76561198006989429,Not Recommended,221100,15798973,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,TnT,h1z1 has more updates in 3 months since it's been out than dayz has in 2 years. and dayz is still buggy as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198093857731,Not Recommended,221100,23277971,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Eastern Orthodoxy,"I know there are already so many negative reviews but I actually put together some reasons as to why this game is as awful as people say it is. Seriously stop giving these people your money.Pros:- Cool concept (Open world multiplayer zombie game)- Universal character save (You aren't locked to playing on one server. Everything transfers over)Cons:- Terrible performance (gets worse with each update)- Terrible graphics- Broken loot economy (Items don't spawn where you think they would Ex: no millitary gear at a army base but an assault rifle in a warhouse? Either the same couple of loot keep spawning or nothing will spawn at all. Some towns will have literally 3 - 8 pieces of loot in them)- Terrible gaming community- Amatuer and unorganized developers (priotritizing adding more content compared to fixing the game)- Out of date engine (same engine BI engine used since early 2000's. It needs to be updated or scraped seriously)- Game breaking bugs and glitches (Zombies still ♥♥♥♥ing hit and walk through walls)- Terrible UI- Hackers/Poor anti-cheat- Everyone is a bandit meaning the game is basically one giant PVP match- Limited content/Useless content- Game is behind schedule (the devs cannot stay on track with their original development map)- Slow development time- Everyone kills on sight- Getting gear take forever compared to the mod- No incentive to be friendly to other people (In the mod you would get a new player skin and some bonuses depending on the server)- Vehicles are broken and very limited- Walking simulator 2013 - 2016- Game is nearly 3 years old and the community gets smaller and smaller- You can still die during loading screens- Melee weapons have been nerfed to uselessness (Fireaxe is 3 - 5 hits on a zombie?)- Game will propably be dead before launch- Literally one of the worst games I have ever played in my existanceDayZ is one of the biggest scam on Steam and it's ridicoulous how the game is still able to be purchased.Edit (6/17/2016): Yes I'm aware of the new 0.60 patch that ""supposely"" fixed the games performance but I have no intentions on reinstalling this game at any point in my lifetime to see if that statement is true or not."
,Not Recommended,221100,17372765,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Sniper Fi,No one can build a working game on such a broken core
,Not Recommended,221100,19626063,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Triple,"The concept is there (stranded by yourself, survive, loot for resources)The engine is not (lagggg, huge FPS drops in towns/cities)I purchased this game in 2013 and its still not playable."
,Not Recommended,221100,16262120,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Kryptix,"Waste of Money.Spawn on cost, ultra low graphics ¬20 fps on a beefy gaming pc.Go into town where you get around ¬15 fps. Get reckt by zombies, nothing you cando about it because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ zombie AI , low framerate. Extremely hard to find decent items or any at all.80% of the time you die because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Spend 20+ hours trying to get to a decent loot spawn and then get ♥♥♥♥edby high end players.Once you have all the gear you can dream of, nothing much to do but wait till the next serverwipe that comes with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game updates."
,Not Recommended,221100,22208046,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Noir,"I was thrilled to see DayZ was getting a dedicated standalone version after playing much of the DayZ mod for ARMA II. To my understanding, DayZ was going to be improved since it that was the general expectation. Nearly 200 hours over the course of 2 years later, it is apparent that progress is stagnant as instead of fixing some of the numerous bugs, the Devs instead decide to add new pants and broken loot tables. I've played many builds and patches to say the Devs have not done much to improve the game. To add insult to injury, they hiked the price up from $29.99 USD to $34.99 USD. Instead of adding new textures for pants, they should create a new engine entirely. Running a higher end PC, I still cannot maintain 40 fps. This game is as optimized as a Nacho Bel Grande meal at Taco Bell.Technical issues aside, the community is cancerous, and it's very unlikely that you'll ever encounter someone not looking to kill you. The fanbase is the reason why nothing ever gets done in this game and why Bohemia Interative gets away with arbitrarily driving the price up and not ever fixing the issues their paying customers constantly complain about.DayZ was a brilliant concept, but in execution by Bohemia Interactive, the product is a rancid pool of camel diarrhea sitting in the Syrian sun. This game is not worth $35. It's not even worth $20. The game is too broken to recieve any real enjoyment. There are just WAY too many bugs in this game to fix, and they really just need to start over, beginning with planning a new engine. Items disappear for no reason, combat is clunky and complicated, you die from literally nothing, there are buildings just floating in the air, and the inventory system is just as well planned as an Adam Sandler movie. Stop adding things, and just fix the game already.It was a brilliant game, and I really wanted this game to work. I've given DayZ more than a sufficient amount of time to improve and show that this was going somewhere, but after almost three years I'm at my limit. I cannot recommend this game to anyone legitimately looking to have fun."
,Not Recommended,221100,15406196,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,₯ | Nationalistika Ullheten,TOTALLY NOT A SCAM OR ANYTHING ROFL.
76561198132931805,Not Recommended,221100,15315671,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,evolutionsnextex,"As someone who's played around 80hrs in game since its inception, I feel like I've gotten my 20$ worth. That said, I'm so ♥♥♥♥ing sick of all this early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game is so broken. Every time they add something, they ♥♥♥♥ something else up. Getting cold too much, ok we changed it... now you overheat if you're standing naked in the rain. Hey guys, we added trucks! Isn't that cool?! Just kidding, now the entire loot system is ♥♥♥♥ed and you starve to death in literally two hours because you can't find food anywhere. The crafting system is basically non-existant and what little they have added is laughable. There are a few things I enjoy in game... like blowing up gas stations and running over zombies, I laugh every time. But this game is not worth the 40$ they're charging now, maybe in 30 years or so when they've worked out some kinks and added a few new crafting items. But not now. I recommend spending your monies elsewhere."
76561197997393072,Not Recommended,221100,34334723,Posted: 18 August,all,Eldgr1m,"DO NOT - UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES - BUY THIS ""GAME""!I did play dayz from the beginning, when it was still a mod for arma2. DayZ started with great potential and did build a big fanbase, in the old days.When they published the Standalone in early access, i was hyped as anyone else and gave my money to the developers, to support them in finishing this game. That was many years ago.Even now i would still be patient, waiting for them to finish the game, if they at least tried.DayZ is all about looting, improving and building a base to storeeven more loot. When the developpers implemented a new loot-spawning system, that caused the game to spawn no loot at all, you could have expected them to fix this asap... but they didnt. In fact this has been an issue for 2-3 years now. That means, that DayZ, while beeing in Alpha, just lost its very purpose, it died. there are only view players left, running from appletree to appletree to get food.all in all the developers took the money, ruined the game, programmed an other one while DayZ is still in alpha and didnt even care enough to work on the most pressing issues. The game is long dead, please do not pay them anymore for doing nothing!"
,Not Recommended,221100,15114648,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Bristle,Wish I didn't waste my money
76561198018314458,Not Recommended,221100,17890929,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,120bin,"If I wanted to run around in a glitchy city whitout any, loot, weapons or zombies, I'd buy The Sims. Actually, I think The Sims is more fun than this increadably boring game. I was promised zombies, vehicles and action but after 15 hours of gameplay I have just been running around on so called ""high loot servers"" with my damaged pants full of flares, glow sticks and fire fighter helmets."
,Not Recommended,221100,17096983,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Corvo,DayZ Mod > DayZ
,Not Recommended,221100,18053745,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Shammy,"This is not a game, it's a map and a few game mechanics. It is shameful that they sell this for $35.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EDIT:People don't seem to get this so I'll just write it out here. The fact that this game is in ""Early Access"" is irrelevant to my review. The review is of the game in its current state, which is abysmal considering the pricetag. If (and that is a massive if with this game's development history) there is an update released that makes this game worth the price of admission, I will edit my review. But, as it stands, DayZ is a hobbled together ""nothing"" of a game. There's no depth, and no reason to keep playing. Games like Rust and the actual DayZ mod provide significantly more content than this title for cheaper, not to mention those are regularly updated.DayZ hasn't had a significant update or patch since it's ""launch"" into Early Access. It's essentially an abandoned title and if you're defending it it's most likely because you're trying to justify your purchase rather than admitting that the game is not worth the money you paid for it.I'm not saying you can't like the game, I'm not self-important enough to claim that what I say should have any bearing on someone else's opinion. If you like the game, that's great. I'm just trying to warn potential buyers of DayZ that it isNOTworth the money that Bohemia is charging for it and that there are far better titles in this genre that are available. Rust, ArmA II DayZ, 7DTD, H1Z1, and probably some others that I don't know about."
,Not Recommended,221100,23366685,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,yuphin,Reserving this game for my grandchildren.
76561198067653573,Not Recommended,221100,33581252,Posted: 16 July,all,TrioDeFo™,"I feel very ripped off. I completely forgot I had purchased this game back in 2013 I believe it was when ""Alpha"" was released. It had great potential and was looking to be going in a great direction but after purchase I was just puting it down to give it some time because games in Alpha tend to have many bugs and it's only reccommended to purchase if you do not mind the fact that there will be stressful moments. Anyways, I came back maybe a year later and it was same thing but I wanted to play again for a bit and did about the same thing, laid it down for a bit. Well, I completely forgot that I had the damn game and chalked it up as a loss way back when i had put the game down again, this is like 2 years later I am talking until this very moment I wrote this review i had not played the game. ITS NO DIFFERENT! Or at least it seems to me its still in Alpha and there are maybe 2 minor bugs that were fixed. This is 4 years later damn near! What is the price.... 35.00$.... For this? unacceptable and it would be an appropriate thing to either get busting your♥♥♥♥♥on this game since its been the same price for 4 years on a Alpha test junker, and maybe get more customers and better reviews. OR, give me my money back since you have not yet followed through on your end of the bargain for me purchasing your ""early access"" video game so I could actually support you to continue!! Or something! Not only is it some random game either, it is a stand alone remake of a very very very popular mod that is pretty much famous in and of itself already and this standalone decision come with great responsibility because it is luring in a HUGE crowed obviously, that expect the same things I do, and it is not being delivered. I mean 35 bucks is a lot of money relatively speaking as far as a Alpha Tester that has been in same stage since 2013. I am very dissapointed. Please message me back."
,Not Recommended,221100,33979333,Posted: 2 August,all,Bogalush,i would like a refund
,Recommended,221100,9676251,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Philosophical Goat,Running Simulator 2013
,Not Recommended,221100,15254673,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Malgrem,"Worst investment I have ever made.Zombies run like Usain Bolt on steroids and smack you up faster than Mayweather.Loot is now non-existant with the occasional orange in a military truck.99% of the time, jumping or even walking in the ""wrong"" place will kill you and not zombies or players.Overall, if you're looking to play DayZ, then buy Rust, The Forest, H1Z1, Unturned, Minecraft, Terraria, Gmod, Portal 2 or even f*cking Surgeon Simulator because this is God awful and is not the game it used to be.Thank you and goodnight."
76561197969173722,Not Recommended,221100,16662747,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,ruMpel,"Boring, buggy, clunky and expensive. Not worth buying unless it's properly released."
,Not Recommended,221100,21846425,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,TheLegend27,After 1000+ hours I say NO.
,Not Recommended,221100,20149293,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,VodkaTroll,"Two years later and it's still a broken mess, I don't understand how steam sees 73% positive reviews, honestly.Avoid unless the devs miraculously prove me wrong and finish the game (properly)"
76561198069595294,Not Recommended,221100,24985116,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,twitch.tv/wocketpocket82,"Should have just stuck with the DayZ Mod, this piece of sh** has bearly made any progress since it's launch back in Dec. 2013."
,Not Recommended,221100,20202426,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Doctor Mew,i love playing on microsoft powerpoint on low settings.
,Recommended,221100,8192972,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mizorex,force fed detergient. died D:
,Not Recommended,221100,23011083,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,iMatrix7,"Where the hell is my old review?Oh well, who cares? I can rewrite everything I was saying in the old review in just one statement:""DON'T BUY THIS !@#$ !! ""This game is pure scam, if you want to try it, just install the ARMA 2 MOD.You saved a lot of money.You're welcome."
,Not Recommended,221100,20436387,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Arksun,I purchased this game on 2013 and it has not been finished....
76561197999209563,Not Recommended,221100,15313209,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,With_Teeth26,"Came back to this after a year and its just as♥♥♥♥♥♥as when it first released onto Early Access. Lots of useless new features while the performance remains terrible and gameplay remains incredibly clunky.Much better mods exist for both Arma 2 and 3 that provide the same experience but with more interesting features and less clunkyness.Rocket and his team clearly bit off more than they can chew, and instead of tryng to get down what they already bit off, they are trying to cram more and more in.These shoddy development practices should not be rewarded.Dayz SA is gone from my hard drive and may never return."
76561198023716504,Not Recommended,221100,18181027,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Things happen...,"Literally you have one of the largest, might even go as far as to say thee largest fanbase for a zombie game, you have one of the most popular mods ever made, and what do you do? You make a standalone for something people are going to believe that is godworthy of gaming and may have even wrote its name in the historybooks of gaming, but you never change anything, ♥♥♥♥ everything up, dont listen to the community, never release useful updates, take money and never give refunds, and worst of all leave us here to basically perish without a functioning game. How do you ♥♥♥♥ up that badly? Just ask the dev team, thats if they would even listen to you.-1/10 In my opinion buy a dead stripper, they would give you more fun then this game.P.S: I could easily forgive the dev team and the game itself for being so bad if they just updated the engine and fixed all the really bad bugs so that everything would work properly and function like a proper game, then they could actually implement items and then the items would actually be useable half the time, making sense to actually put those items into the game without some game breaking bug the items come with."
76561198011295459,Not Recommended,221100,22710507,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Strukel,All we got in 3 years were a few bug fixes... cool thanks.
,Not Recommended,221100,34230791,Posted: 14 August,all,Vulgar,"I want my money back......................./´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\....These hours aren't acurate for some reason. Spent way more than 300 hours in game."
,Recommended,221100,10029510,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,The100,"So yea I buy this game Called DayZ.Takes about 6 minutes to load the game.I Press play, make a person spawn.Some kid starts screaming into the mic.GIVE ME YOUR PANTS as his group of 4 surrounded me.I replyed back saying no.x unconscious xGet's back up.Pants are gone.GREAT GAME. ^.^"
76561198096866598,Not Recommended,221100,31568784,Posted: 5 May,all,The PoopShoot Finger Blaster,"I quite honestly think Star Citizen will be finished  before this gamePS ♥♥♥♥♥ing at me will change nothing about this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameFor those of you that have your heart set on arguing with me it will not change my opinion nor will It change anything about this failure of a gameAs the wisehttp://steamcommunity.com/id/chaz373once said ""Please post this link in your review:http://www.thepetitionsite.com/takeaction/316/332/915/Let us take a stand and do something about this.""AS OF NOW I AM RETESTING THE GAME TO SEE IF MY REVIEW STILL HOLDS TRUE"
76561198070079516,Not Recommended,221100,29785138,Posted: 8 February,all,reKer,"Played the mod since 2012 and sadly DayZ is now dead I really wanted to recommend this game but the standalone in its current state is near unplayable and has been for the last 3 years. Will never live up to the previous hype, RIP DayZ one of my greatest gaming experiences in the days of the mod."
,Not Recommended,221100,17793657,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,m u m b l e r a p,"The slow and tedious development of this game has drove many players away, me included. The game has been in development for three years and we still have the same buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥we had at launch. I had high hopes for this, seeing how well the dev team had done with the mod and other titles. Clearly this was not the case. The more I play the more I think this was a cash grab. Everytime they release a patch to fix one game breaking bug another appears to restart the cycle. Not to mention the devs damage controlling on forums and only adding clothes and new guns instead of fixing this broken and unoptimized game. The best part about this game is the fanboys who scream and cry ""SPOILED BRAT"", ""R U A PROGRAMMER? NO? STFU"", ""I GOT MY MONEYS WORTH STOP STFU"" and the classic soon™ remark when asked when any real progress will be made or any criticism about the speed of the development.TLDR Dont waste your money on this piece of crap, devs will probably jump ship in a couple years anyway when they slap finished on this for adding some new guns and clothes."
76561198067174239,Not Recommended,221100,16186901,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,zApKamiKaze,"Plummeting Steam's top sellers list rapidly, I wonder why? Progress developing the game in the last three years has been incredible. You get now a great variety of hats, gloves, boots and jackets and cool useless items, such as the electric cattle prod. I wouldn't wait to buy this game; it's a clear example of how the gaming industry has benefitted from getting money through early access and selling 'potential'."
,Not Recommended,221100,16909505,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,heh,"Want to buy DayZ?Hold down the ""W"" key for several hours.You have now played DayZ."
,Not Recommended,221100,18917840,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,PeteTheFatPanda,"Originally gave this game a positive review, but now i've lost interest and hope that this game will one day be finished.Not even gonna make this a helpful review and go into detail because I just dont care enough anymore.Just like the Devs.Don't buy."
,Not Recommended,221100,18456279,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Hola sóc en Jou,"This game is worth 10€ in this alpha state, for 28€ i call this a SCAM. I've been playing for 600h and i dont have  seen any major improvements just enabled/disabled features. In the FPS department is just.. Unless you have a SLI TITAN. Most of the action is just in the coast with fresh spawns because there is no real  reason to go inland. There is no building features at the moment so your only objective is to gear up and interact with other players and to be honest this could be done in less than 4 or 5 hours, if we are searching for an ak-47 for example. Literally you can reach the major military compounds with a bag of rice and a fountain. I know this is an alpha and its going to imporve but paying 28€ is NOT worth."
76561198004707835,Not Recommended,221100,18460510,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Azoga,This game will never reach beta. Do not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,25338277,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,tothesoundoffire,"A reaistic, unbias synopsis: get ready to walk and walk to no avail as the map is about as vast and irrefutably as hard to navigate as they come. Plus, you are most likely to be killed by some try-hard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag as soon as you get where you are going anyways. The game favors elitist patrons with high performance computers. The point is to survive, however, most servers are essencially bare, pertaining to resouces, until you make your way towards the military bases which are baby sat by those that have already accumulated any advantageous equipment that they might need long ago, plus memorized the ins and outs of the game including the map, and spawn with it all from the git of their play... Long story short, theres a handful of heavily armed and and supplied players that reap the benefits - including the fun - of the game.If you're just starting out now, you're in for a dragged out, disappointing experience (every time you play), filled with confusion, frustrations, and unmitigated disproportionality. And if by some miracle you do succeed, the files may very well end up being corrupt for no apparent reason and cosequently you'll lose everything anyways.Thing is, the map is gorgeous and the concept is pretty awesome, by the dynamics of the game make it not super playable. Its more of a similator than anything, except most foods make you sick and inevitably kill you, making something as simple as a fire is an unrealistic and convoluted process, all resources are very scarce, you basically wont dry off unless you build a fire, vehicles are undrivable even fully repaired, the sun is oriented in the southern sky as it would be in Russia/Czech (rendering it an unviable source of navigation unless you want to do all of the compensating yourself. Also, the stars are all too equivically lit to decipher the north star... I could go on and on... I mean, I know that this is an alpha build but this was one of the first ones that I started supporting and its already the last one that will be finished as its been nearly half a decade... Its VERY slowly moving forward... To say it will be finished in the next couple years is a long shot from my experience."
,Recommended,221100,9610342,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,rebirth // brb,Force fed a man cleaning supplies. 10/10.
76561198034339140,Not Recommended,221100,20416232,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,indiscipline,"The best example of an early access game that looked amazing, and due to absymal management and a cluster♥♥♥♥ of engine/coding changes, seems to get worse all the time.Don't buy it. It had high hopes, and for a while it looked like it could be amazing, but it's a listless, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pile of bugs, and after 2 years, I have a hard time believing that will ever change."
,Not Recommended,221100,21036856,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,CarrollFilms,This game will forever be in Alpha.Been a Day 1 user and this game is still broke as all hell. Over priced unfinished garbage.DO NOT BUY!
,Recommended,221100,8082642,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,PsiSyn,This game is pretty good.
76561198064106555,Not Recommended,221100,21005084,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,mrorange,From over 770 games I own I only really regret buying DayZ.Developers are completely setting wrong priorities. It still does not run smooth. There are plenty of bugs and it needs urgently several fixes and even a new engine.But developers think it is better to implement some tiny cosmetic apects. However they should concentrate on the performance of the game.Until this is fixed: I CANNOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME.(IN GERMAN: Das ist das dreiste Early Access Game von allen!)
,Recommended,221100,8157904,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gordo,this game will make you do bad things...... i was in elektro and i saw my cousin... he had beans and skeeti... i shot him in the head and stole his clothes i then cried myself to sleep everynight thinking about that day... like dis ife u cri errytime12/10 would play again
,Not Recommended,221100,15815985,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Judge Judy Best Goalkeeper,I f'ing hate this game m8s
76561198051412064,Not Recommended,221100,20296694,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Birks,Alpha stage simulator
76561198068745080,Not Recommended,221100,16992221,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Runesco,"Game has been out for nearly 2 years now, still spawning in rocks.11/10"
76561198091584561,Not Recommended,221100,33609653,Posted: 17 July,all,✔JoshuaKav™,"The game  has so much potential but the development team are what's preventing the games great future. I'm not saying that they aren't doing a good job but they aren't communicating with their community enough. Providing the community with a long♥♥♥♥♥status update every week with paragraphs upon paragraphs to read, in my opinion isn't the the way to do it. I'm not sure if they are inexperienced or just taking things very slow but the game is heading down hill. Updates are taking way to long to come out which is causing less and less people to play. There are a lot of bugs with the current version, some of which haven't been fixed since the launch and some of which making the game almost unplayable. I have faith in the next update and my opinion on the game may differ but as of now I certainly don't recommend you buying this game.Maybe in the next update when beta is released then I might recommend it."
,Not Recommended,221100,18489890,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Staale,"DayZ you make me want to dieFirst i played your game like it was a piece of pieI don't know how you could do this to meBut one thing is for sure i will never be able to seeAll this pain you have inflicted on my own bodySitting here all alone in my own roomThinking about my wasted life as it drops like a broomGoodbye devs enjoy your moneyOne things for sure this wasn't funnyI will now leave you with this final noteBefore i lose all happiness and hopeDon't worry i might be back someday, but untill thenI shall here down lay, poems are lame and so am iDayZ devs says ""Nay"" and ♥♥♥♥s you from behindMaybe one day you will drop out of betaBut untill then you deserve a low Meta"
,Not Recommended,221100,13905892,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Shapechanger,"I honestly can't believe how little progress this game has made since going standalone. I played over 100 hours on the Arma 2 mod and love it, even if was a buggy mess. It was excusable because it was just a mod. But now here we are over a year after the standalone release, and the game is in many ways worse.What got better:+ Graphics look great+ World is more detailed+ Much bigger variety of loot to be found and used (even if a lot of them are totally pointless)+ UI is much easier to understandYou'll notice that all the +'s don't actually add anything tangible to the game. It's just polish, which is something you're supposed to do AFTER you get the gameplay sorted out.What got worse:- ZOMBIES. Literally the selling point of this game and they have been practically removed. You can count on one hand the number of zombies you'll find in each major town like Cherno or Elektro. And they're STILL buggy as hell. The supposed reasoning is that it puts too much stress on the servers, which brings me to...- SERVERS. For some reason that I can't fathom the amount of stress that a server is under will directly influence your framerate signinifcantly. Want to play on one of those fabled 40 or 50 person servers? Hope you like playing at 10 FPS.- VEHICLES. After a year of standalone we finally have one, single vehicle, and it's still unfinished. (can't ride in the back, blowing out the tires has no effect)So the fundamentals of the game are the same, but most of the things that made the mod amazing aren't in the standalone. What happened to sneaking by streets filled with zombies desperately trying not to draw their attention? There's no zombies anymore! In the mod you'd be hesitant to use your guns in town because you'd draw a whole horde to you. In the standalone, that threat is completely gone. And without the threat of zombies, it's just a PvP game. If you want a scavenging deathmatch, Arma 3's Battle Royale does it a hell of a lot better."
,Not Recommended,221100,17289992,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mr. Bones,"Poorly optimized, bad community, lack of basic/fuctioning features. Not worth the buy now, and probably still won't be a year from now.I really tried to like this game. But I can't. It's been over a year since its release, and it still seems as though very little development progress has been made. I put tons of hours into the original Arma II mod, and I bought this with the intention of helping development and eventually getting a good standalone game. Unfortunately, that hasn't been the case.First, the game's updates have been nothing special since launch. Beyond a few new weapons and the addition of a vehicle (I think? I've never actually seen it before) there have been almost no remarkable updates to the game, with the exception of the occasional bug fixes. However it seems that with every bug fixed, more and more annoying ones arise, taking development priority over everything else.The game runs terribly, since day one, seemingly regardless of how impressive your specs are. My computer isn't the absolute best, but it is certainly powerful enough to max out games like Crysis or Battlefield. It's very hard for my system to maintain 30 fps while in cities, and usually I am stuck around the lower 20s. When running in the wilderness, with nothing but trees and the ground to render, I manage to get a whopping 40-50 at best. Woo hoo! Perhaps if the devs put half as much effort into optimizing the game as they did into adding gardening to the game, it would actually be playable.Lastly, I feel like DayZ's community has gotten significantly worse since the release of the standalone on Steam. Back in the days of the mod, I remember encountering people that weren't solely out to kill every other player on sight. Don't get me wrong, I know that hostile players do add to the difficulty and realism of the game. But it just seems like now that's the only thing the game has going for it. The zombies are hardly a threat, there's very few at any given time, and they're very easy to escape from.The game used to (sort of) reward you when you helped other players (giving blood, sharing food, etc.) by giving them the ""Hero"" skin. On the other hand, violent players would be given the ""bandit"" skin. This was a feature that was actually interesting and worth while. It served as a kind of goal for people to reach for with every new character. And now it's been taken away, and hasn't returned since. Just like vehicles, helicopters, and gear that is actually good and worth playing/fighting for.Like I said before, I really wanted to like this game. I knew that it was early access, and I knew what I'd be getting into wouldn't be perfect, but after over a year, I can't say it's been worth my time or my money."
,Recommended,221100,8409129,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Scroopy Noopers,"Much amaze, such wow, many death."
,Not Recommended,221100,20287080,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,PDR Kuma🐻,"So how to put it... I bought this game a while ago in hopes they were going to fix the problems the game had at the time. Instead they decided to go for a different approach and add 1000 different clothes and accesories while the game is pretty much unplayable.Zombies will spawn right in front of you. You'll shoot them and they won't fall down after a decade has passed. You will die a lot of times to seemingly nothing but as soon as you're down you'll see 1 or 2 zombies ""spawn"" in your face. There's a lot of rubberbanding which for a basically only online game is not acceptable.Updates are very scarce for a game in Alpha and with 2 whole years in development it seems that this game is never gonig to be finished.I regret buying this game so much..."
76561198138414733,Not Recommended,221100,15169856,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,i love bananas csgogem.com,0.55 update is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad :( dayz standalone destroy her own game
76561198118543398,Not Recommended,221100,13175502,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rat dodo best dodo,"This is one of the most dissapointing standalone games to date. Zombies teleport through walls, the servers constantly crash or disconnect and the latency issues are terrible. Even 'Rocket' the original developer has bailed on this project. Biggest waste of money since Battle Field 4."
,Not Recommended,221100,23419244,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Loneliz,"Literally worst scam I've ever fallen into. 3 years of 'development' and we don't have any new or impressive cars, guns, cities or anything of the sorts?!Only time this game was 'fun' was when it just got released and I played it with a couple of friends, Literally no joy or satisfaction after that, the game is buggy, runs♥♥♥♥♥♥ has no official servers, and on top of that, they deny any refund without even reviewing it.3/10, Do not buy, Wish I had spent the money on arma 3 or the arma 2 Mod instead."
76561198068655693,Not Recommended,221100,22039217,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,JimmyJohns is a Fraud,unless you want to cry everytime you see this game in your library dont buy this game.
76561197993446358,Not Recommended,221100,14971012,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,TheOneTrueD,"This game will never step out of Early Access, the devs made millions on day 1 and then left.I've owned this game for over a year now, and there have been virtually NO updates since I bought it and now. It's bedridden with bugs, glitches, flaws, bad movement mechanics, no instructions on the game's hunger/thirst/sleep mechanics, bugged aim on firearms, bugged health on enemies, terrible optimization (my overclocked GTX 970 can barely run this game at high settings, though it's able to run Crysis 2 with 4K mods at ultra settings with ease), and I could go on for days with my listing of flaws.In short, do not buy this game. Ever.There is an important lesson to learn here: Don't pay for access to Early Access games, don't support devs until they have actually pushed out a finished game."
,Not Recommended,221100,16314345,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,DEL,"Fell on the hype train, got wrecked."
76561198033921091,Not Recommended,221100,15212161,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Santiago,"First off, this game was the biggest cash-grab I've seen. Players invested an absurd amount of money into this game in Early Access and that faith was repaid with incredibly slow development and the founder Dean Hall abandoning it before it was even remotely what was promised. So, don't buy this game in Early Access because all you are doing is promoting their   terrible work ethic.I played the free mod frequently, but left it because I couldn't find servers in the standard version. I purchased this game instead with faith that it would eventually reached its grand aspirations. In fact, until recently I wouldn't post a review because I was uncomfortable slandering a game in Alpha, but all that changed when they released patch 0.55. This patch single-handedly destroyed my faith in this game.Zombies went from glitchy to purely unrealistic. They now run at Olympic Runner speeds and hit you before they can finish their animations. The new loot economy that they are pushing towards mixed with persistence will absolutely break the game. Now, instead of walking the entire map for hours to receive awesome gear is merely a dream. The plan is to make items limited so that the only way to to receive items is to kill people that are already geared. The best part is that in some insane logic this will reduce PvP and KoS according to the devs.Also, the community for this game will constantly yell and shame anyone that dares question the devs because it's in Alpha. At a certain point it's no longer a defense. Don't take your complaints to the forums because they only want feedback that promotes what they are doing, or they send your posts/threads to the graveyard. Great Community!My advice, wait for the real apocalypse and live your dream there. Because I'm certain that you will have better chances at surviving."
,Not Recommended,221100,21970188,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,ＴＨＥＲＯＳ,my name jeff
76561197962577673,Not Recommended,221100,15894112,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,H O U N D,"Woody: Hey Buzz, how much longer do you think DayZ will be in Alpha?Buzz: To infinity and beyond!"
76561197985507664,Not Recommended,221100,29137706,Posted: 9 January,all,Young Nasty Man,"Terrible game, bought it the day it was released. No significant improvement, its just an awful game.Not only do I regret spending money on this game, but I regret wasting time forcing myself to try and play this game.You will have a hard time finding a game more frustrating and a bigger waste of time."
,Recommended,221100,8319027,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nie9001,PRETTY AWESOME I GOT SHOT AND DIED SOME GUY FORCE FED ME A ROTTEN BANANAS AND WINDEX BROKE MY LEGS AND LEFT ME TO DIE WOULD BE FORCE FED WINDEX AGAIN 10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,24513616,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,DICKHEAD ON THE BEAT,a very epic cashgrab game that will never be truly fixed
,Not Recommended,221100,14014021,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Redacteddd,"Let me be clear, this game was and always will be broke. Dean struck Gold and when he got his share, he jumped ship and let his crew die in the wreck.First off, It's been in developement for 2 years. No, not one. They were working on it before they released it. Then they released it, got top seller for 2 weeks, made♥♥♥♥♥loads of cash, and stopped caring. 2 years of development and the game is in a constant state of repair. They fix one thing and 10 other things break. And they still do not care about the excessive amounts of hackers that plague the servers. Why would they? They're filthy ♥♥♥♥ing rich.Second, if it isn't the development ruining this game, it's the community. God, is the community awful. On the forums, the Moderators delete any negative comments about the game. The ones they don't delete, they shuffle into one thread to keep it from the public eye so they can still sell the game. So when people go the forums, all they see is discussions on how amazing it is. I've seen them remove comments, well constructed criticism on the game, and call it ""slander"". Haha, slander! And if it isn't the moderators making sure the game looks like gold, it's all of the 12 year olds or Ex-Military♥♥♥♥♥clowns asking for more guns. Want the core mechanics fixed first? You're an idiot, what you want is another rifle to spawn close to the coast and plenty of ammo. That way you can kill people as soon as you spawn! Just like every other FPS! Want player interaction? Want to really feel like a survivor? You're a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot.In conclusion, I've gotten my money's worth out of the game. But it's still broke after a year and the only real change is it's no longer constantly night time, I guess. 4/10, Thanks Dean ""Rocketwerkz"" Hall. You filthy ♥♥♥♥ing kiwi."
76561198002532182,Not Recommended,221100,22578493,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Mr. Wuu,"Basically in a nut shell the closest you can possibly get to not being a fradulant scam and instead being "" a slowly developing game"""
,Not Recommended,221100,19480551,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,SLO7H,"I have played enough to write an early access review, I have spent a lot of time to make up my mind about this.Almost... 3 years since early access release, a big staff of developers, and the optimization is still TERRIBLE.By checking the recommended system requirements, you'd think that you wouldn't experience low fps at all. I have to run everything on lowest and disable everything I can, also I have to go into the config files to edit the render distance, shadow distance and all these things that you actually need in this game to see someone far away... And still I cannot enter a city without huge FPS drops. But even in open landscapes, the FPS is not satisfying at all. I don't really care about the servers swallowing weapons or items that you drop on the ground, what I care about is if the game is playable at all. But the optimization just makes me sad.To be honest, I don't know if this game will ever be optimized at all. I feel like there is something seriously wrong with the engine they are using. IMO they should seriously develop or just use a different engine, I don't care if they even go for a more cartoonish/animated style, as long as the game is optimized.And for a FPS game, it's terrible. Honestly, if you're coming from CS:GO, CoD, BF, Battlefront, Half Life or any other known successful FPS game, then you will be highly disappointed. It's terrible to look around and aim in this game, no matter how good PC you have, you will miss how good it feels to turn around and aim in a different FPS game.I don't have the latest hardware, but it's damn better than any of the requirements.i7 Six Core processor 3.20GHzTwo GTX680 SLI16GB DDR3 RAM1200W PSU"
,Not Recommended,221100,21894304,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Josef Wenzel Radetzky von Radetz,We are in the year 2376. I-Pods have conqered the world. And Day-Z Standalone is still in Alpha
76561198019267935,Not Recommended,221100,16014165,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,The Majestic Waffle,"Lets just say this - Don't buy it.My relationship to this game was like a woman who kept returning to her abusive boyfriend because she ""Loved"" him.I really enjoyed playing this game with friends and I had alot of fun, but the amount of simple bugs the developers are ignoring are imense, they could be easily fixed but instead they do nothing. I have made a vowe never to install again until its finished which may never happen. I don't even mention the game, it is like saying ""vuldimort"". Anyway, don't buy it until it comes out, if it ever does."
76561198076672713,Not Recommended,221100,15313290,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,El Shisno,"Poor development, and very little improvement from the original mod. I would not reccomend until the developers kick it into gear and finish the game properly."
,Not Recommended,221100,19298231,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Azza,I've had more fun trying to kill myself.
,Not Recommended,221100,16497311,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Wadey,"Arma 2 Dayz Mod, had less glitches, more weapons and a better development team then this game. DO NOT BUY IT."
76561197989401554,Not Recommended,221100,20597932,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Old bastard,"Edit: 20 years later ...still early access lolEDIT: V0.61 the game has worsen in all aspects..no foor except the apple trees, no cloth to craft rags ...zombies chase you endlessly,rain will kill you. you wont survive long, to respawn and repeat the cycle ! the env is nice ...but no cars no heli no♥♥♥♥♥♥! not worth a penny ...this ♥♥♥♥ing game is a place holder for arma 4 .... im the first one who told you that so keep it in mind ...just a placebo for arma 4EDIT: V 0.60  the game atmosphere is nice really nice, the game it self still♥♥♥♥♥♥went to 2 big cities : elektro and cherno saw 3 zombies ...some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will correct me and say they are fected ...i dont give a ♥♥♥♥ still i saw 3 in 4+ hours gameplay, you wont find food nor weapons/ammo unless you go to northwest airfield ...to get shot on sight.see this is the ♥♥♥♥ing devs stratgey to make you waste 3 hours looting on your way north to get shot there and be angry or whatever feeling you will have,spawn again at the ♥♥♥♥ing coast with the same goal in mind and the same ending eventually ....ive spent 800+ hours on the game. and its still♥♥♥♥♥♥..forgot to mention that they fixed the fps and make the game look nice but they broke other things in this ♥♥♥♥ing pile of sh!t , zombies run through gates and slap you from 5 meters distance ...enjoy that pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥fanboys.im outlast words :♥♥♥♥ bohemia and their stupid engine, to the devs : a ♥♥♥♥ing ape can do a better job at fixing this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥------------------------------------------------old review but still stands :1- the brain behind Dayz have left the dev team2-you will spend 90% of your time running ....so play hours are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...should call them running hoursif you try to repair a car or bus ,the time you spend searching for parts will  exceed the time you need to run to your destination,since after finding the parts you have to drive and not get shot at...most likely your veh will break down on the road for no reason...or a stupid one !3-every one you meet will kill you....worst ♥♥♥♥ing community ever,forget about socializing with other players4-you are hungry,you are thrusty, ....like ♥♥♥♥ing baby sitting !5-the time you dont spend running you will spend looking for food and weapons...6-you will never find ammo for the gun you carry and you will never find a gun for the ammo you carry !7-you will hide your loot to come back finding that some one stole it or it disappeared ...like in my case becuase it takes me    15 mins to find my own loot ....imagine how long will it take for some one doesnt know where it is !8-if you say your mind on the fourms you will get flamed then banned...fourms are as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as the players in terms of communication9- dont expect this game to get out of alpha any time soon...i give it minimum a year ..so check back next yearthey already made millions of the game i doubt they give a ♥♥♥♥...they will release a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game like always and move to a new project to drain your pocket"
76561198090946017,Not Recommended,221100,13860649,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Zero,"This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing broken you die no matter what you do for example: you die when you cut down a tree, you die when you walk up stairs, dont get me started on ladders. Honestly dont get this game until its finished OH WAIT its been in early accses for two years and still is and probably will be finished around 2025. Spent 4 hours with me and my friends looting and then all died in a matter of seconds to a hacker flying through the ♥♥♥♥ing building. Done with this game, it was fun at the start now it just a buch of♥♥♥♥♥♥being added in that is ♥♥♥♥ing broken.Would not recommendBut i still play this sad excuse for a game :("
,Not Recommended,221100,23424761,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,HyperPanda75x,"Deleted the game a while ago, but sometimes i still wake up crying."
76561198030393157,Not Recommended,221100,12808313,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Streptokok,"Tried it after months of updates (at 0.5 now) and instantly regret the decission. Its just not worth the frustration, game came out when it wasnt even near Alpha and now it feels like its almost there but still not quite yet.Basicly go for Arma2/Dayz mod (recomend Epoch) or just join the awesome train of Epoch on Arma3 wich seems way better combination than standalone.If you seek Dayz expirience without the base building options of Epoch then i highly recomend Breaking Point mod for Arma3. That combination is just waaaaay better than standalone."
76561198058384228,Not Recommended,221100,30251468,Posted: 28 February,all,SaippuaSami,"I love this game, but for the last few days i have been really frustrated. I just started playing Dayz SA again after a long break. I played with two of my (IRL-in real life) friends and we got fully geared and went to PvP in Electro. Both times hackers killed us. On the first time someone shot us all through walls into an appartment and after having a discussion with the server admin we were told that the hacker was killing everyone through walls and by using dozens of grenades, so they apparently banned him (hacker confirmed). Second time (fully geared again) we were in Electro and someone was throwing multiple grenades all around the city until we got killed by a single grenade. We are 99% sure that was a hacker again. There can not be that many people throwing grenades simultaneously all around the city.This game has made millions of money, but yet they can not get this game improved. It's a joke how slowly new patch's are released. At this rate this game will be ready in like 3 more years. I do not advice anyone to buy this game at this moment. Perhaps at a later point if they actually work on improving and updating the game. Dayz SA just lost 3 players. I sincerely hope things will get better and the game becomes playable."
,Not Recommended,221100,13841998,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,roblox life,Played when releasedunplayablePlayed a year laterunplayable
,Not Recommended,221100,18195967,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Johnny Winnebago,"Terrible. Absolutely do NOT buy this crap. The streamers make it seem like its an awesome game. Those are fake situations and this game is garbage.Seriously, if you are reading this review. I am trying to do you a favor here, don't buy DayZ. Go spend your money on something useful."
,Not Recommended,221100,32054750,Posted: 29 May,all,Lossmysox,"This game has been in alpha for 4 years. That's not normal. The Devz are bad, and the game has made little improvement despite being BASED on a game that was already semi-ok before this dumpsterfire of a game was ""released"".Having not played in almost a year, I was disappointed to come back and see that the game still sucked."
,Not Recommended,221100,8129769,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,rob,"I'm not a DayZ diehard fan and this standalone version is my first experience with it.  So this will be a 100% unbiased objective review of the game as it is in December 2013, priced at $30, WITH the knowledge that I'm playing the game in its Alpha stage and lots of changes will be implemented in the future.PROS:There's a real sense of danger in exploring towns, terrifying/exciting when you've collected lots of valuable food, medicine, weapons and you finally run into one or more other people and you don't know if you should (a) run; (b) hide; (c) fight; (d) try to communicate.  Exploration is fun and running long distances isn't even boring because you're always on your toes thinking about your food/water necessities, hoping you make it to a town that hasn't been looted so you can replenish your supplies and not die of dehydration in the next hour.  All that is really fun.  Even playing for hours without seeing another soul is fun because you're kept in a state of desperation/fear so that even looting a first aid kit (or the mythical can opener) out of a vacant house feels like a huge victory.Also, the game world (post-Soviet Union hinterlands of Russia) looks very good.  It has a massive scale that games like Skyrim could only wish for.  Climbing a hill to see an abandoned Russian city below you in the distance feels like so much opportunity (and danger).  Running through a forest feels like the first time I ran through the forests of Cyrodiil in Oblivion.  Beautiful and a great feeling that you're immersed in ""nature.""CONS:The engine is poorly optimized.  It seems the main perpetrator is the ArmA II engine's horrible occlusion culling problem:http://www.reddit.com/r/dayz/comments/1thpsp/dayz_alpha_gpucpu_utilization_issue_video/This is an issue that probably cannot ever be fixed, Alpha or not.  So as good as the game looks, it doesn't look good enough to warrant how poorly it runs.  I have a computer that plays Far Cry 3 maxed out without a hitch and this game brings my computer to its knees. Playing on medium-ish settings I get 30 fps with dips down to 10-15 in towns.  That is pretty standard for most people, regardless of settings, due to the occlusion culling problem.Animations are terrible and glitchy and will screw you up and betray you when you need to make quick moves.  Controls are unnecessarily complicated.  Some people will praise them as being realistic, but they're extremely unintuitive and cumbersome.  Very frustrating.  For example, before you can shoot a gun you have to (1) equip it; (2) select it as your active item which will un-sling the weapon off your shoulder (this is a lengthy and really slow animation); (3) then LIFT it up.  If you want to actually aim it instead of hip firing there's a 4th step where you raise it up to your shoulder and peer down iron sights.A process like that wouldn't be a big deal if the animations weren't horrendously slow/glitchy and the controls' responsiveness was quick and crisp.  But actions have to be repeated because the command doesn't go through for whatever reason, then you get actions queued up and you can easily end up in this traffic jam of animations where you're trying to do one thing but your character is still in the process of completing actions you wanted him to do 4 or 5 seconds ago.  It's all extremely frustrating and combat is horrendous overall.  It's a HUGE problem when you don't feel like you're in control of your character in a survival FPS where your life hangs in the balance at every moment.Fighting in melee is terrible.  Sound effects give almost no indication that you're doing anything.  They're delayed as well.  Zombie animations are laughable and it's hard to even tell if you're being hit sometimes.And there's no jump option, which is pretty stupid.  You're making a game that's supposed to be ""realistic"", using a realistic base game (ArmA) but you can't jump???  The ""step over"" function is not equivalent to a jump function in any way, shape, or form.  If I'm at full sprint running from a zombie and there's a 1 foot tall fence in my way, I want to just leap over the fence and keep going.  But Day Z makes you come to a complete stop and ""step over"", one foot at a time, before you can keep going. I could write a book on how awful the animations in this game are.  The engine just doesn't support what the developers want the game to be.Also, you'll come to realize is how nonthreatening, pointless, and inconsequential the entire ""zombie"" facet of the game is.  They're relatively harmless, oblivious, and you can run away from them easily.  Once you have a gun they might as well not even exist.  They're a complete afterthought and not one second of any zombie encounter I had in Day Z elicited 1/100th of the thrills I had running from and fighting zombies in games like L4D2.On a final note, and I don't know if this is still the case, there are pretty consistent connection problems right now also probably due to the fact that DayZ likes to keep your computer informed of every single thing happening anywhere on the server at any given second. So careful playing this if you're on a data cap.  Seriously.  Do some research on this before you buy.OVERALL:Don't touch this unless you're a dedicated fan that just lives for the atmosphere/experience of surviving in the wilderness.  The controls/animations/graphics are gamebreakingly bad.  Animations will be improved as development progresses, but for now, they're unacceptably awful.  The framerate problems are probably unfixable and if you pay for this game, do so with this warning in mind. Vision/atmosphere/theory get A+; execution of that vision gets a D-."
,Not Recommended,221100,18029505,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Taangoo,Cancer
01101000011001010,Not Recommended,221100,34771552,Posted: 6 September,all,de_suuu,I stopped caring 4 years ago.
,Recommended,221100,8957771,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,The Slothful Existentialist,"A post-apocalyptic survival horror. The game has no story-line/plot/linearity, you just start as a thirsty individual that needs to look for supplies or else you die. The zombies are annoying, and can cause trouble if you're not careful, but what you should really worry about is other players, but there are benevolent people out there who help those in need, which shows me how empathetic people can really be. So I see it more as a post-apocalyptic survival thriller. With all this having been said, please enjoy my review.Reviewing DayZ at this point in time is probably unfair, mostly because the game is in ALPHA. Developer says game is only 20% finished, that means we have 80% worth of game to still see.Either way I decided to review it now, then re-doing the review when the full game is released (which won't be for a while). The game has bugs, glitches, the game may crash sometimes, and this all comes with some incredible moments where one gets an observational point of view into human interactions, as well as cool gaming moments.There are many things one can do in the game, though maybe not right away. In DayZ surviving with newly acquired gear is what matters. Be it Zs, or be it a group of newly spawned Bambis (new players) punching you to death while you're eating or bandaging up, or be it a bandit you never even saw because he shot you from behind from really far away. There are also things one thinks one can do, like jump from a roughly 8 feet high roof. You will break your leg(s). Think you can eat rotten fruit and live to tell the tale? Maybe, but you will be sick the whole time. The bugs and glitches themselves can also kill you. Climbing to the top of a ladder for example: you may be standing away from the foot hold, and on top of the ladder, only to fall and die at the bottom of the ladder.Survive. With. The acquired. Gear.After you know how to take care of yourself, who to trust and who not to trust, and how not to be an idiot, you may start doing cool stuff. Take a fully geared group, who have nothing else to do but blow up gas-stations. Yesterday, a group was doing that to each gas-station on the map, I could hear almost every single one exploding in the distance. Another cool thing you get to do is overpower a single guy with your group, for killing one of the people in your group for example. Cuff him, take his things, make him stand on the street and run, only to be killed by the so-called 'firing squad'.Whether you should get this game or not is up to personal taste and if you have patience. If you're not patient and you just want to do cool stuff right away or shoot at anything and everything that you see, this game might not be for you. This game is only for you if you're okay with playing it until the full release and put up with all the glitches, bugs and crashes that it comes with. Seriously, patience is one of the things one needs the most, just as much as time, this game is time consuming, mostly because vehicles aren't in the game yet, one has to run through the whole map.Now, if you like loot, this game might be for you, it is extremely loot-orientated. To survive you need food, to find food you have to loot, simple enough.The animations are clunky, the physics aren't fully there yet whatsoever, and a portion of the planned features are not there yet (like Hunting, Interactive Environment[like cutting down a tree], Building Things,Vehicular Transport, etc...). But this game is still amazing, tapping into one of the most basic forms of human behaviour: surviving, which is composed of two of the three things that the human brain will always notice first, Food and Danger (the third one is sex but obviously that's not in this picture). This is one of the most interesting games ever released, in my opinion at least. Quite the social experiment, seeing what the player's actions represent about society."
76561197978424607,Not Recommended,221100,15458878,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,:),This game is so bad it makes Hitler look good.
76561198017434545,Not Recommended,221100,20297633,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,2K Magic in the Air,This game is never gonne be finished shame on the developpers.
,Not Recommended,221100,15025415,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,GodUhWar,"DO NOT BUY EARLY ACCESS. THIS GAME WILL NEVER BE FINISHED. OOPS CAPS LOCK, NO GOING BACK NOW"
,Not Recommended,221100,29554024,Posted: 28 January,all,AJ,"I have never written a bad review for any game but this game has forced me to do so.This game is DEAD. RIP. I have played YEARS of dayz and all its mods on Arma 2.  and even that was 3 years ago. Standalone just made money on the hype of the mod. All they did was skin the original game and removed most of the features.So this is now just a running simulator with nothing to do once you spawn in. 3 years of development and instead of simply recreating a game they removed stuff from it and gave it nice graphics . A game is much more about gameplay than just graphics. This is more like a frustration than a review so anyone reading this i'd suggest to go read some other review, as this might not be helpful. Players like me are just angry because we had so many memories attached with this game, so many friends from around the world. We would still be playing Arma 2 mods if they didnt f*** everything up by bringing out the so called standalone. Killed an entire community, made money and then left."
,Not Recommended,221100,17407469,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Robert,"Still in alpha, says it all really."
,Not Recommended,221100,20690926,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Dill,"Lazy devs, very little getting done, do not buy!!!game has been in development far too long and was due to be completed long ago and content added so far has been extremely minimal and shocking compared to other games. i have gave up waiting.a quote from Silo Entertainment "" There's been some serious flaws in their way of doing things and its f*cking time for a change. I hope people see that this is not mindlessly bashing the game and we only want this game to be the best it can be.""people need to stop defending agaisnt this and come to realityi recommend you buy arma 3 - basically, far better standalone with alot of cool mods"
,Not Recommended,221100,15587283,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Nxtro,Im going to check back on this game when I'm like 50 years old to see if it's been fixed yet.
76561198053782632,Not Recommended,221100,17767651,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,The Professional,"IDK what these guys are thinking over there... if this were a company, people would be fired by now. What's their business plan? They put some BS disclaimer up attempting to wash their hands clean of liability: ""This is an Early access... you're testing our garbage..."" Then, when you constructively explain what the problems are, they don't fix them, you're ignored or some D Riding Admin/Moderator bans you from a forum. It's a real slap in the face when they're posting ""updates"" about gun sounds at the range.  Really? You rented over 3 dozen guns that will never be in this game to record the sounds for realism? DUDE. Zombies still clip through doors. Are you guys just burn outs that struck gold with this BS hyped up game that is going nowhere? .57 was better than .58. I'll be back for .59- Maybe it'll be playable again. Just invest in ""Squad""... .59 is still a laughable matter."
,Not Recommended,221100,15148775,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Chrononemic,"Here is some of the ""great"" experiences I have had on DayZ Standalone1. Spawned in a rock, I tried getting out but my legs broke and I couldn't commit suicide so I had to do other things intill I eventually died so I could respawn (took almost an hour for my character to die)2. Went inside a buidling and closed all the doors to avoid zombies chasing me, as I am looting the zombies start hitting me through the wall and I had no weapon to kill them so I ran down the street to another townto avoid them and they were still hitting me despite the zombies being in another town, died shortly after from bloodloss and being magically bitten.3. Was looting a police station and for no reason my legs broke randomly, I tried crawling out of the police station but everytime I tried to crawl down the stairs I would fall through the world and teleport back to where I originally was and eventually a guy came and aimed his gun at me and staired at me and I said ""could you help me? my legs are broken"" he didn't respond, staired at me for a minute and then shot me and called me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for some reason (maybe he thought I was someone else?)4. Just spawned and found a rain coat, guy trapped me in a corner and wouldn't let me go, I started punching him but he hit me in the head with a fire extinguisher and knocked me out, I woke up with only my jeans and nothing else, my survival depended on that raincoat as it was raining, got hypothermia shortly afterwards and died.I would rate this game a 2/10 due to some of my friends having fun but that quickly stopped after we got stressed from the annoying bugs and gltiches for example having to exit a room and re-enter just to loot something of the floor and other times we couldn't even loot that item at all (apparently it is because someone has looted that item before you but for some reason it still appears there for you although I am not sure if this is correct it still happened alot of the time)"
76561198227825236,Not Recommended,221100,30923702,Posted: 3 April,all,Celestia,"[Playing 6 hours.][It is raining.]I am wet.I am cold.I am cold.I am freezing.I am freezing.I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.[It is no more raining.]I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.(Take off all my cloths- they are wet.)(Wring all my cloths- they are damp.)(Take on my cloths- they are WET again.)(Repeating this proces 6 times.)(Take on my cloths-they are DAMP finnaly.)I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.(Running on the sun.)I am hypotermic.I am hypotermic.(Set up fireplace.)(Start fireplace.)I am freezing.I am freezing.(Sit down near fireplace-20 cm.)I am freezing.I am freezing.(Stand into the fireplace.)I am burning.I am burning.(Get out of the fireplace.)I am freezing.I am freezing.[After 6 and half ours playing - You are DEAD]CONGRATULATIONS! YOU DIED ON HYPOTERMIA. PLEASE RESPAWN, PLAY FOR ANOTHER 6 HOURS AND DIE AGAIN ON HYPOTERMIA!Ladies and Gentlemen, this is DAYZ!"
,Recommended,221100,8319864,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Pöm-Pöm,"This game man, This game is giving me a god damn boner"
,Not Recommended,221100,23925246,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Yuri,"2 and a half years in development so far.+Framerate finally somewhat improved-Zombies still no-clip through structures-Ladders and other stuff can still randomly kill you-(personal taste) - Survival system is still more tedious than immersive, by farAlso, people please, don't use the ""it's fun with friends"" excuse. The ♥♥♥♥♥iest game ever can be fun with friends, that's the point of friends. A bad game is still a bad game.Very disappointed in this."
76561198027340980,Not Recommended,221100,30060868,Posted: 20 February,all,TomCrane,"I've played DayZ since the very beginning. The idea of surviving a zombie-apocalypse is something I really love, the idea is brilliant. It's one of the reasons why I called myself Daryl Dixon on Steam, haha. (The Walking Dead fans where i'm talking about). But I think the implementation of the concept isn't working out. The game was released in early 2013 and had a lot of performance issues. When you read that it's an early access you know that you can't expect the best at that moment. But today, in 2017 they still couldn't manage the performance problem. So I think they aren't making enough progress to keep faith in this game.Ofcourse there are many good parts in this game what made me play it for around 550 hours. The game looks really amazing and the map is really large which gives you a lot to discover. There are many cool city's with loot to make your character a real survivor! They added some really cool gunsounds which gives you a good experience whilst playing the game. The interaction with players is sometimes really funny, and sometimes quite aggressive: a thing that I think is really good. I think there are many ways to react when you're in a apocalypse, you could be willing to team up, or you could be willing to avoid other people because of the threat.Resume:Graphics:          8/10: It looks really awesome and gives an awesome experience.Gameplay:        5/10: When it works well, it could create some really intense situations and gives you a really nice experience. But at the moment, they really should take some steps. And they should really do something with the Z's, they aren't really adding something to the game.Audio:               8/10: The gunsounds and the sound of the evironment sound really awesome.Optimalization:  2/10: It took the developers way too long to get to the point where they are now. The difference between the release in 2013 and today, is way too less.Community:      6/10: Some people are really nice in this game, and really want to survive with you. But there are more people that prefer more to see you dead than alive.Price/Worth       €27,99: I think €27,99 is way too much for the state where the game is now. When the game is completely finished it could worth the €27,99. But at this stage it should be around €12,99 or €14,99.Total review: 4/10"
76561197972565746,Not Recommended,221100,30264614,Posted: 1 March,all,Wudan,"Do not buy this game. Biggest scam ever. BI collected 75mil. + since 2013, it is 2017 now and the game is still in Alpha, full of bugs and nobody knows when its going to be in beta/finished. Ask yourself where did the money go. BI is a rip off company and should burn for this. Never bying early access game ever again."
,Recommended,221100,8573547,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ooool,"Every god damn house in the civilised world has as can opener, but apparently at the first sign of a zombie outbreak they all fuc*ed off back to their home planet."
,Not Recommended,221100,18129563,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Apuneneh,The price is almost x3 of other survival games such as The Forest (made by 3devs) and yet the update speed super slow. After years and I still see the same problems that should have been improved since the beginning.
76561198024285809,Not Recommended,221100,18165019,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Jennifunnn,Zombies can go through walls.Sometimes you lose your character.Sometimes you can't even LOOT.You will break your leg for falling 1 cm .0/10 would un-install again.
76561197966026950,Not Recommended,221100,21848175,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,[BoX] Toki Doki,"After spending close to 500 hours, i have finally given up on the DEVs for this game. its been well over 3 to 4 months without any noticeable large or game changing updates. They keep saying the new engine will be out but i have waited too damn long, I have moved on to other more promising games that offer a much more promising results. Poor management and not focusing on the core dynamics of the game have made me given up hope. I dont care about all the new guns they have added to the game... add them later and focus your efforts elsewhere.If you really liked this game i would check out ""Escape from tarkov"" this game looks to be on point and they actually give people an insite of what the hell their money has gone to. unlike Dayz who just takes and shows nothing behind the scenes.Hope this review helps. Sadly the Developers killed this game a long time ago. hopefully they will finish it and i can change my mind later on...."
,Not Recommended,221100,17482563,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Vash(88),"Early access simulatorPlease do the gaming industry a favor and do not buy into thisscamgame.  Before I ""review"" thisscamgame, I will personally note the lack of game hours I have invested.  The lack of hours is due to the fact that the five or 6 times that I did try to get into this game, I ran into game breaking bugs and the worst of the worst gaming community within 5 minutes.Firstly, let's point out the fact that this game has been in early access for nearly two years now and the fact that it was a stand alone from a game idea that already existed.  I hear that the old arma II mod is still better, and that's just sad.  The game has seen little to no improvements or additions, apart from clothing, since I bought it over a year ago.  I remember logging into it 14 months ago and thinking... ""REALLY?!  Where is the hype coming from?""  I then logged in a few weeks ago and thought ""REALLY?!  Nothing has changed.""  The game-play is clunky, the graphics are poorly optimized, and the 'Z' part of the title still doesn't work.  How can a zombie game, that is two years into ea, have the worst zombies AI and mechanics currently on the market?  The title of the game should be DayP.  Simple as that.The first time I laughed myself off the game was when I first encountered a zombie.  I was ""looting"" a small town when this happened. -- I say ""looting"" because there was absolutely nothing to loot in the first 10 buildings I came across. -- I then hear a zombie breathing outside of the house, so I head out there to bash its brains in with the only thing I had managed to find: a monkey wrench.  As I proceeded to smash the zombie in the head, or at least I think I was, there  was zero indication that I was making contact, the zed just stood there.  After another 10 seconds of swinging at the incorporeal zombie, it finally took notice to me and began attacking me.  As I swung into the nothingness that was the zombie's hit-box, I slowly took damage until I was dead.  I logged back in a few months later  and experienced the exact same thing again.  FYI, it wasn't lag or my computer.  I was choosing low ping servers and my comp is a beast.A few months later yet again I log in to be immediately shot in the legs by someone who was trolling new players.  After talking to him for a bit, while I bled out helplessly, about how he was giving the game a bad name, he just laughed and bantered me with derogatory names until I died.My next try, a few months later, ended with a zombie running through a wall and killing me.  I think this was  after the devs hadremoved the zombies from the gameto ""fix"" them.I proceeded to call the game a joke on the forums, and I was banned within the hour.That about sums up my time withDayZDayP.- Crap zombies in a  zombies game.- Crap  community in a multiplayer game.- Crap devs in an early access game.- And just about crap everything else too.DO NOT GIVE THEM MONEY$35 at that!  That's twice the asking price of most ea games, and more than some COMPLETE games."
,Not Recommended,221100,19520378,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Burnt Wood,"""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME""OK, I get that, but that's no excuse for what has happened with this game. I bought DayZ about a year ago and really enjoyed it. A ton of people were playing, it was actually difficult to survive, and I had to consider how to approach somebody because they might not be so friendly. There were some bugs, like zombies clipping and janky hitboxes, but I still enjoyed the game and made a handful of good steam friends.If anything, DayZ has made backwards progress since I got the game in October, 2015. The playerbase is terrible and you can usually count on every player that you find trying to kill you on sight. Why? Bohemia removed zombies from their zombie survival game months ago, plus ""surviving"" became easy as ♥♥♥♥. The only thing to do in this game is kill other players. Everything that made this game a zombie survival game is gone, it's just a buggy fps on an oversized map.As far as performance and gameplay issues, barely any of the bugs have been fixed. In fact there are many more bugs and exploits now then there were a year ago. I understand that the game is in early access but that doesn't excuse the embarassing lack of progress. With each update you can count on the game running worse than it did before, even on my PC that exceeds the recommended specs. And what do these updates add? Jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ You'll wait several months for the next update only to find that none of the issues have been fixed and all they've done is move loot spawns around, change minor mechanics that were really already fine, and add a few new items that rarely change gameplay for the better. There's never any real progress like the inconsistent status reports promise.I strongly suggest that you don't buy this game. I really wish that it was improving, but there are so many things that are fundamentally wrong with DayZ, and the incompetent and lazy team behind it hold the game back from ever getting to where everyone hoped."
,Recommended,221100,8687609,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Kip the dedotated wam,"A group of 5 males handcuffed me to a post, telling me to sing a disney song or they'll forcefeed me a rotten banana11/10Best Game Ever."
,Not Recommended,221100,18463401,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Kalamity Kate,"I tried to like this game, I really did try. I put over 350 hours into this game, but some of the major problems with the game just aren't being addressed. The UI is still a buggy mess, lag still plagues this game, frequent disconnects, players rubber banding all over the place, the game is not optimized at all, and the framerate can sometimes drop so low that you'd have to measure in seconds per frame rather than frames per second.You'd have to have a pretty beefy computer to run this game well. Otherwise you'll have to sacrifice either graphics or framerate. Sacrificing graphics means the game looks so horribly pixilated that you can't really see. Sacrificing framerate means you can't react in time to anything going on around you.The game plays fairly decently for me when there are no other players around. When they are around, my framerate drops significantly. I really want to like this game and I really want to recommend it, but in its current state I simply can't.Plus, there's no zombies... in a zombie themed game."
76561198047245194,Not Recommended,221100,17453044,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Ketameme,give me back my money
76561198047394338,Not Recommended,221100,21849061,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,el doritos ;))))),Mostly Positive. lol
,Recommended,221100,8391175,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mr.Shlong,Anyone in Cherno?
76561198091872776,Not Recommended,221100,20052330,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,RiivattuPukki,I find this game's high price and low quality to be a lot more terrifying than the zombies
76561198079505908,Not Recommended,221100,21231523,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sythens,"Just take a good look at the release date. then back to the ""Early Access Game"" box. then look at the price-tag. repeat until you understand."
76561198013080299,Not Recommended,221100,14162521,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,UsuallyGrumpy,"This game is a train wreak of missed milestones, hacking, optimization issues, slow development, hostile players and fan community that doubled down on the cult of personality that surrounds the creator. Steer clear of this one, the unfulfilled possibilities and painfully slow development will just cause frustration that is shouted down and defended by the default catch cry of ""Its alpha!"" as universal excuse for the game breaking issues that have been around since launch. The vision is vast and ambitious and if ever completed, it could be great. Unfortunately, I expect by the time this one is finished, the whole zombie/survival fad will be past and DayZ will be one of those dusty old titles sitting in your Steam library list that every so often you look at and and think, ""I should install that again one day"", but not today."
76561198067933426,Not Recommended,221100,15575037,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Cornvelious Daniel,I want my Money back.....
,Not Recommended,221100,18112600,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Hot Puppo,I wish i could live to see the day this is fun for more than 1 hour.
,Not Recommended,221100,19632297,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,ViciousCrow,"I had a lot of hope for this game development process. I gave it a lot of time and tried it over and over after increasingly long periods of time.Tried it again after what feels like a year and sadly nothing changed. It's still poorly optimized, full of bugs, there's nothing to do in the game. You still have to guess how to do everything, I spent around an hour trying to find a zombie to see if they fixed the mechanics but... I couldn't find one. Did they just remove them instead of fixing? I spent all the time looting everything on my way and I still died of dehydration because there was nothing in all the houses and I did travel a long way and got past a few villages.Instead of being a precursor for the zombie sim genre it's now - considering the speed this game is being developed with - years away from other titles.I can't recommend this, I feel like I wasted my money and this game will never be brought to a playable and most importantly - fun - state. I know I didn't get too much into the game but you shouldn't have to try hard to have fun or find if the games development is even moving forward...The biggest change for me was the graphics because I have a new PC since I last played it, which was nice but also sad.I feel like if this game ever gets properly finished no one will want to play it anyway."
,Not Recommended,221100,18875584,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Wisp Khalifa,"If you're looking for a zombie game without zombies, this is it."
,Not Recommended,221100,19414149,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Prunus ♛,2 years still no progress.took a break for a year and its still the same both performance wise and gameplay.No.
,Not Recommended,221100,16860107,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Uncle Roman,"Not sure what I should think about this game... So let me write it down in points.Bad:-Not optimized (low FPS which is causing headaches)-Broken features (Even after they were ""fixed"")-Takes ages (It's very rare to see some patch)-Broken engine (Random deaths, leg breaking... DON'T USE STAIRS - one of the two could happen)-Zombies (AI is very bad and their hitbox is horrible... Sometimes you them hit in the head and sometimes you hit them in the leg, even though you were aiming at their head... Sometimes they die from 1 hit sometimes from 5... They can hit you trough walls or from 1st floor to 2nd floor, they can also walk trough walls and door)-Item ruining (it would be ok... In fact its a great feature... BUT... Zombie hits you once, Jacket, pants = ruined. You get shot in the head, pants get ruined... But everything else including helmet remains in great condition. It would appear that most of the time your pants get ruined... Maybe your character gets very scared ? Or you get diarrhea from all the stuff you're eating ?Yes... You should expect bugs and issues... It's in alpha. However, for almost 3 years now.And updates are not as frequent and big as you would expect them to be after all that time between their releases.Good:-Loot variety (if you can find some that is)-Vehicles (Although they can drive underwater and are indestructible)-Weapons and upgrades (Military/Top grade stuff is rare and best items are found near rare helicrashes.)-Features like Hunting, cooking, fishing, crafting (A bit broken but not gamebraking)-Map and military camps placement (some are good some are badly placed or the good ones removed)-PvP - one of the few things that work relatively good. (Tactical squadplay with friends recommended, it's fun and rewarding)If it gets better and gets more attention from devs, I will happily recommend this game and rewrite this review... But for now I simply cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,26132424,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,David,"Why this review is 'not recommended'/negative:This review is negative because I do not want someone who wants a completely unflawed and bug free game experience, to purchase this game in expectance of a perfect survival simulator.TL;DR at bottomI want to start off with a disclaimer that you should not buy this game in it’s current state unless you know for sure what you are getting and accepting of what it is.If you are prepared to deal with bugs on occasion, then by all means, buy the game.I also want to mention that it has become very hard to play alone due to the developers creating a new loot spawn system where the can make the coast (where you spawn) very barren in terms of loot spawns, and the inland areas (where lots of groups and geared players reside) spawn much better and higher quantities of loot. A positive to this though, is that with the new loot system came an engine revamp, and now the game uses DirectX 11 and a lot more GPU power, causing people to achieve much higher frames than ever before. If you’re reading this review right now and you’re yet to purchase the game, you might be wondering, “Well, what exactly am I getting?” I’ll tell you what you’re getting.Before I start off, I want to tell you that you should play on servers with a lower ping (how much time it takes for the server to communicate with your computer, measured in milliseconds). There are currently nasty netcode bugs that interrupt almost all parts of the game, however, they can be reduced by playing on a server with lower ping as aforementioned.You’re purchasing DayZ, an unscripted survival game which has literally infinite possibilities of what can happen during gameplay. You log into a server, and you spawn into the map in a random area in one of the preplanned spawn points. If you open your inventory by pressing Tab, you’ll see that you have basic clothing, a road flare and a rag. Now if you’re an experienced player, you’ll look around and see where you’ve spawned. Most of the time, someone who has more than 300 hours of gameplay can identify where they have spawned, and a player with 1000 hours or more of gameplay can essentially identify where they are instantly, however, this is not you. You are a new player.The inability to identify where you are may come as frustrating at first. Perhaps you want to get the a military base to pick up some sweet firearms to defend yourself with? This is impossible to do without knowing where you are first, unless you head in the right direction without even realizing it. Know that this is part of the game, and if you play enough you will memorize the map quickly. Memorizing the map may seem difficult, however, it isn’t nearly as daunting as it seems. Over the many lives you will live in DayZ, you will notice that you ‘recognize this place’ more often than not.Pathfinding is just one of the struggles involved in playing DayZ. Another grand struggle in this amazing game is the threat of fellow survivors. Imagine yourself, all alone running through a thick forest. You think you’re heading to the large western military base, but you don’t know whether you’re heading in the correct direction or not due to your newness to the game. You have a constant feeling of fear as you do not have any weapon in your possession except for your splitting axe. What if somebody with a gun crosses paths with you and poses an extremely unfair threat? What kind of fight would that be? An axe versus a carbine rifle is something you’d never experience in any other game. You heed not at all to the numerous trees that surround you, and you’re very ambitious to get to that military base you’ve heard rumors of. The very basic footstep sounds are annoying you, the constant crunching noise against the ground is enough to make you lose your sanity. The annoyance of your jogging shoes hitting the ground is broken by a distant noise, unmistakably a gunshot. The noise isn’t even far either. Your heart rate picks up as the frenzy of questions pass through your mind. Am I being shot at? If not, then who are they shooting at? You hear another shot, but this time it’s followed by a snapping noise. You’re worst fear has been confirmed, you are being fired upon. You hear another shot and a fleshy impact noise, your screen turns black with a small amount of text displayed which gradually comes into view.“You are dead”.That’s right, everything you had worked for on the character, though it may not be much, is now gone. All of those cans of beans you had stored in your taloon backpack now belong to the person who fired upon you. Imagine coming into contact with fate if you had the gear of the person that shot you? That’s where even more pressure comes in, hours and hours of looting, and days of surviving, all leading up to a single bullet fired into your skull. It’s extremely brutal, but that’s the game you’re getting, it’s DayZ.Permadeath may not be your cup of tea, I mean, who really enjoys losing all of their progress from one idiotic mistake? It’s what makes DayZ what it is, it is known for being a host of extremely rough yet realistic gameplay. I’d like to say that you can avoid these mistakes by simply playing smart, however that isn’t the case.This brings me back to the point where I brought up playing on servers with good ping. Unfortunately, DayZ has a bit more than it’s unforgiving environment that you have to worry about, the game is victim to lots and lots of bugs. You may find yourself running through a forest one day, your run on top of a rock and think nothing of it. All of a sudden you see the dreaded “You are dead” screen. Why? You didn’t hear any gunshots, and your screen had full color which signifies good health. What happened was one of the netcode bugs. The server’s idea of where you are and your client’s representation can be two very different things. You might have been in an elevated house at one point. The server might still think you’re at that elevation. As soon as you stepped on the rock, the elevation increased a lot in a short amount of time. As soon as you step off of the rock, the server thinks you fell out of the building from earlier which will result in a death.Another very important example of glitches to bring up are that there are glitches with player movement animation. For instance, a player can be stuck in the swimming animation long after they get out of water. During this period they can pull out guns and use them, leaving only their head exposed, with their body under the ground while they see the screen normally as if they were standing up. Combine this with poor netcode, and it will be hard to hit the player’s head. You will be long dead before you can even hit a shot.Fortunately, these glitches can be avoided on private hive servers, as people are swiftly banned from them for exploiting the game.If you are prepared to experience bugs, and are okay with them, then by all means, purchase the game. However, to the general people who want an unflawed experience with no bugs, I wouldn't recommend this game to you, because at some point you will deal with the bugs that unfortunately come with this beautiful game.TL;DRDayZ is a very diverse and fun game, however it comes with lots of unnecessary bugs and glitches. It’s far from finished, but the developers recently revamped the engine and the game runs much smoother now. DayZ provides an experience like no other game when there are no glitches affecting your experience, and when a glitch does cause you to lose your progress or cause something similarly negative to happen, it’s very upsetting. If you'd like to have an unflawed and glitchless game, then do not purchase this game.If you'd like a good survival experience, and are okay with bugs, then you should be fine."
76561198126091576,Not Recommended,221100,32004096,Posted: 27 May,all,Guab™,"I just want to state my frustrations with this game. It's been 4 years since its release, and theres been some progress, but too little too late. I know its been said before but it's true. I just died because 3 zombies came through a wall and killed me after I had killed 2 players and was bandaging. Im done, I tried with this game, it just doesn't work, and it becomes boring after you have done everything. The bug that caused my death has been an issue even in the dayz mod, (which is why they made the standalone, to fix the bugs) so i just find it kinda sad that they can't fix a simple bug in 4+ years."
,Not Recommended,221100,22209859,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Riding With Dave,1. Leech everything you can off early-access hype.2. Once hype calms down start updating useless patches to give the illusion of active development.3. Promise awesome future content to run players out of their Steam Refund timeframe.4. When profits really slow move the game to 1.0 (Finished State) to sucker anti early access players.5.  Get paid for half♥♥♥♥♥work.CLASSIC EARLY ACCESS SCAM
,Not Recommended,221100,8408975,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,slinky,"After playing this series for over a year now I can confirm that Dean has done ♥♥♥♥ all to help the mod. The ARMA 2 mod was riddled with bugs and although this is in alpha, it's also riddled with bugs that are even worse. Everyone will say obviously an alpha game will have bugs, but it's going to be a long time coming for fixes if his previous deadlines are anything to go on.I can honestly say after a year and half of development Dean and his bunch of morons have done absolutely nothing, if anything they've made the game worse. All he seems to have done is add a handful of items; that hardly improve emmersion from the old mod. They haven't fixed any of the major bugs from the old mod and the player to player interaction that he strived for is non-existant.Dean brags about how many zombies he can get on a server, and it will not affect user PC and server PC performance, well I can say that is an outright load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The built up areas suffer for FPS compared to more open areas and smaller towns and when he claims to be able to add 3000+ zombies onto a single server, well I can say thats not going to be an enjoyable experience for either server hosting or user parties.Even the user interface is amateur looking, I could knock up a better interface in a few hours on photoshop and make it look more appealing and professional.I'm suprised Bohoemia haven't put more resources towards the game as the selling capability of a good zombie survival game are huge as there is absolutely no competition. The price tag of £20 is a total rip off as well, I was expecting a £10 starting price for the game and I can say £20 is not worth it at all for what you get.So after a year late game that is far from finished I can confirm Dean is a useless♥♥♥♥♥♥that has the wrong intentions and ideas to develop a game. I just wish Bohemia had taken over with the development as they would be much further along in the development and I could speculate it would contain much less bugs.To round everything off nicely, I can say I do not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,221100,8414032,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Morpheus,"very early alpha, wait a year or so. It may look good, but thats just makeup on a cheap thai hooker."
76561198156006110,Not Recommended,221100,18168095,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ShyRaven,"Uhm.. I bought this game back in October of last year. I love zombie games, so I was really following the zombie survival strain. DayZ(the mod for ARMA) I had watched so many videos of and it sounded so perfect. Open world. Role playing. Survival. Zombies. A game were you might actually be afraid to die! So I bought into the standalone. It was in Alpha I understood. The meele combat was horrible. Everything felt laggy. The game was POORLY optimized. But I accepted that played a few hours got killed by a random bandit and put the game down to await for more progress. Now, nearly one year later, the game...looks..practically the same? Animations still look jerky. Meele combat is sill...ugh. It seems a little disapointing when you compare DayZ to H1Z1.. or even the DayZ Arma 3 mod (yes I watch Frankie). Even UNTURNED. A game made by 1 teenager ALONE has made more progress than DayZ. Like when I look at the progress Unturned has made over the past year, and compare to the progress of DayZ...I mean someone who played Unturned a year ago and decides to play today can login and WOA. They can IMMEDIATLY see TONS of improvment! This guy is actually WORKING! I logged into DayZ and I scratched my head wondering what they've done for the past year. (Yes I occasionally read the status updates). What I'm saying is when you can grab someone who hasn't played this game for a year, throw them back in and ask them what seems new to them and they just shrug their shoulders and maybe point out a thing or two. That seems like really bad progress for a proffesional team compared to just one teenager working alone on his game.Am I saying Unturned is a better Zombie Survival game? No.Has Unturned made much more satisfactory progress in the past year than DayZ? Yes."
,Not Recommended,221100,25696932,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,pewpewpew,"Picked this up to play in friends during development, had a few laughs - mainly at the ridiculous bugs, zombies running through walls etc.3 years in development, still not close to out of alpha. The bugs aren't so funny now. So much promise, so little follow-through. Move on. Nothing to see here."
76561197962771183,Not Recommended,221100,23917151,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Warlord,Don't... just don't.they've had several years and a good chunk of money from preorders and they have yet to make any significant updates to this.There are far better alternatives out there.
76561197966860158,Not Recommended,221100,30758422,Posted: 26 March,all,Soulreaver,"This game will never make it out of early access. what more do i need to say?started redevlopment in 2011 6 years later we are still in .6 we get maybe 2 patchs a year.  I really don't know what to think any more i used to be in love with the game. But i am so over it.sadly they will have to really knock it out of the park in another 5-10 years before any one even remembers this game. not to mention i would be willing to bet the gfx will be out dated and the game play will be out dated. since there is so many games out that have the same mech., as this game.  any ways Gl have fun. uninstalling for something completed."
,Not Recommended,221100,14448589,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BASE,Just so you know - this game willneverbe finished. Why people continue to buy it is beyond me.It's the original 'Early Access Money Grab'.
76561197978297402,Not Recommended,221100,13863422,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Rotring,"I´m afraid this game will not ever be finished, most updates are just cosmetic and they add stuff that dont really bring anything new into the game. Alot of the things they promised they havent even talked about since release of the alpha.There are still some fun stuff to be had, but i would recommend mods to ARMA 2/ARMA 3 before considering this.The motor they use cant handle the planned game, and the map they are using they have ruined with badly written houses and roads.DayZ mod > DayZ standalone"
76561198036594122,Not Recommended,221100,18898080,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Jentek,"One of this game's competitors, Rust, was formulated, constructed, played, and died in the time this game has been in Alpha.You know of Ark: Survival Evolved? In less than half a year, it has more progress on it than DayZ Standalone has had in three.In the time it's taken this game to reach this state (Still borderline unplayable) there have been 3 Call of Duty games released.Just something to think about before you spend your money."
,Not Recommended,221100,15111589,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Witold Pilecki,Im done.
76561198089359820,Not Recommended,221100,13888798,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,jkacala127,"This would be considered a Ponzi scheme in the real world. You show something great, you pay for it with the promise of a great return. You see the value at first and than it slowly goes away till you realized you got screwed.The game sounds great on paper, but the game will never be finished, and if it ever is finished it's going to be outdated. It felt outdated 2 years ago but still was always on the best seller list. Sure the idea is fun, but the game fails to improve.It seems like everyone on steam has this game, it's almost like a right of passage to own DayZ, but with the slight and very non-impressive updates they have added recently they have some nerve rasing the price.REALLY you have the engine for a game already, and you made a ton of money off the game and yet have finished it but your going to raise the price? That takes some big brass balls.It's like ordering a Chicken sandwhich with fries and you get the chicken sandwhich but your always waiting for the fries..."
,Not Recommended,221100,17277415,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,helvete ,I know that this game is an early accessto me it feels like this game will never be finished. The engine feels terrible and for my taste there are way too littlezombies in the game. For people who want to play a survival game it might be ok. another downside for me is that it is hard to play with friends. you will spawn way too far apart from eachother so that you already need a lifetime to them.
76561198105779888,Not Recommended,221100,23151489,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Lahaolahae,Visited the Dayz dev team today!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=689811500
76561198047116166,Not Recommended,221100,20598979,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Unclepancakeboots,No zombies... no cars... i know its in alpha but its never going to leave it. do yourself a favor and gp get arma2 operation arrowhead and play the real dayz
76561197986067716,Not Recommended,221100,20289613,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Jarl,"Why do I hate you, let me count the ways:Dayz uniquely places you in a world overrun with murderous beasts who endlessly stroll the empty streets looking to kill you feast on your dead body... All their humanity has left them. Except its not the zombies were talking about here... its your fellow player.Also unique about this game is that while my gaming rig can run Battlefront comfortably at ultra settings. Dayz dips to a few frames per second everytime theres a house or another player nearby (on medium settings) /fx6350 R9270x4gbThe engine is so poorly designed that player interaction with the world, whether its jumping off a ledge or trying to hit someone or something is just dreadfull. Leading to 15 minute long choreography of two guys trying to hit eachother with a sledgehammer.  (whilst still screaming ""dont hit me man im friendly"")It reminds me of the tv series Lost where after a while you stop believing that there ever will be a solution to earlier issues and accept the endless stream of new stuff they add as changing the subject to make you forget about earlier suggestions. Now im in some shed looking at a pristine tire repair kit for a tire that should go on a truck that i havent seen around since a YEAR ago when it was first added.  Same goes for Chainsaws, bayonets etc etc.A constant stream of new weapons must please some people who can still believe. Wow we get to fire an SVD? that would be great. Although the SKS we allready had in the game could do the exact same trick if the game engine would allow for some proper firing mechanics.And realistic player movements I might add. Dayz's equivalent of BunnyHopping is shaking your mouse from left to right whilst running. This will cause your player to run in an very unrealistic zigzag patern. Combined with the 3 second delay in a person going through the three steps needed to get to aiming down the sight from 3rd person mode this will make it impossible to kill an unarmed pregnant woman from 5 meters away with a full clip of a handgun.Lots of smaller bugs, glitches, and unrealistic choises i could put on the simulation takeing itself too seriously. Its not a good engine... not a very comfortable menusystem so dont make me go into my inventory to individually pull one shotgun shell out of my dual barreled shotgun in order to stick two new ones in. THATS WHAT A RELOAD KEY IS FOR.In real life i can eat a banana and still shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥cheneys lawyer in the face with a gun at the same time.No more clicking on the 'I agree that you have made a game that isnt finish so i hereby promise to not ever ask any questions' for me while starting the game.People dont buy it... Its Crap!"
,Recommended,221100,8361090,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Heckle,I hit someone with a bat in my undies and died.
,Recommended,221100,9108637,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,helgen,this game is depressing
,Not Recommended,221100,18315133,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Wolf,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198040310051,Not Recommended,221100,15159810,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,« ƒ|üKê »,"Day Z is currently in EA and has been for a longtime. If ever there was a thesis written on hubris in the games industry, this would make a great case study. Essentially, it abused the EA model and used it,, as a cash cow. What BI have done with the millions of gamer's money remains a mystery? Day Z currently resembles an indie game. This despite massive resources, advanced in good faith by an unsuspecting gaming public.The entire enterprise has been plagued by incompetence and mismanagement. No doubt, the initial success and hype caused poor judgement . One does not have to delve too far to unearth it. The use of an outdated DX9 engine has made the game all but unplayable . The renderer is far behind BI's own public schedule. The AI is a joke and the UI, even worse. A plethora of other promised content has also failed to appear. Those that have, remain largely broken.Players are increasingly joining its founder, Dean Hall, and abandoning the game. Steam numbers gives testament to that . The arrogance of the developers is all too apparent. There is little appetite to engage with Alpha participants and their input, all but unwelcome. Dissent in their forums is not tolerated. A Stalinist level of censorship is enforced with a hair-trigger ban hammer. One would be forgiven for drawing parallels with another ill fated game, War Z.In summary the project is fast running out of time and its players , out of patience. Will this unoptimised ugly duckling ever grow up to be a AAA swan?"
,Not Recommended,221100,17453517,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Eclipse_,"THE most overpriced game on steam. this game claims to be in early access ""developement"", this is a lie, in 2013 he released a buggy, broken, game and now it's 2015 and the only updates to be seen have have no functional improvements.        To this day, THE most regretable purchase i have ever made on steam, If this game represents the core pillars of behemia, those pillars are crumbed to dust. 1.91/16"
,Recommended,221100,8797148,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,STOP SHOOTING,Stepped on a rock.Died.10/10
76561198107487589,Not Recommended,221100,24992557,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,DigitalSpit,just a walking simulator.........
,Not Recommended,221100,33320560,Posted: 6 July,all,Spirit,"Don't Starve did it better.Also on a side note if any of you remember Stomping Land and remember the betrayal. Then that's what you'll feel here but 100x worse. At least Stomping Land was at a decent spot before they vanished. The original DayZ mod back in the day, so far, is so much better than this is going to be anytime soon, probably ever."
76561198070179443,Recommended,221100,9403397,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Towl,"You: ""Hello! I am friendly(: How are you?""--------------------------------------------You are dead."
,Not Recommended,221100,18846228,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,onomul,It's like taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥that's getting progressively worse at 20FPS.
76561198113953290,Not Recommended,221100,21041954,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Barzo,"This game is a scam, and if Steam is still selling this game, then they are also scamming people aswell. Do not buy this game. I have a highend pc and still getting 20 fps, If i could sue a game it will be this.  Do not trust ''Mostly Possitive'' state.This game will never get better. no updates alpha over few years. I bet the owner of this gaming is eating out money in Miami right now. I want my money back"
76561198141476068,Not Recommended,221100,22421538,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,laughinglamar276,i want a refund
,Not Recommended,221100,18392680,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,BoogieMan,"Promises, Promises. This game was full of them. As a long time player of the mod, all I ever heard about was how great standalone was going to be. How Dean Hall promised over and over again how the game would be as much as the mod, and more! Late on every milestone, never achieving what was promised. Years later and millions of dollars collected, where are we now? Pretty much the same place we were when this came out, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ standalone version of the awesome mod.  Dean cashed out, left the project in an unplayable state and is laughing his♥♥♥♥♥off, I'm sure.If you enjoy an expensive, unoptimized running simulator where you will mostly just collect various types of clothing, this game may be for you. If you're looking for a fun, action packed, immersive survival experience, I recommend you look for another game."
76561197971236601,Not Recommended,221100,20432888,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,laserlars,+ Great potential- Everything else
76561198196442587,Not Recommended,221100,29805819,Posted: 9 February,all,MiXer,"I am sad for the game there are a lot of mistakes and without any solutions, Good Night Bohemia Interactive :("
76561197982085441,Not Recommended,221100,22336269,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Callaghan,"After having been a loyal customer of BIS since 2001 and the original Operation Flashpoint, after having defended them online against all of the naysayers saying that DayZ was just a money spinner and that it was never going to be finished, after having bought pretty much every single product that BIS has developed, it´s time to admit that we have been well and truly ♥♥♥♥ed over.Firstly, lets address the moral cowardice and unethical business ethic of Dean Hall. Sure, the project grew into something that was never quite expected, so man up, and finish what you bloody well started. Instead, he ran away to another money spinning project without so much as an apology.DayZ would have been nothing without the support of the modding community, the Arma community, and everyone else who handed over their money in good faith.BIS have relied on consumer goodwill to become the major studio they are today, and they show their grattitude by screwing us all from behind without even the common courtesy of giving a reach around. ♥♥♥♥ them, and ♥♥♥♥ Dean Hall."
,Recommended,221100,8469869,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,7/11 Perpetrator,Jumped off the roof and broke my legs10/10
76561198065232655,Not Recommended,221100,21030452,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,kal_el._,boring game that has never moved from alpha and never will by the looks of things
,Not Recommended,221100,30329763,Posted: 4 March,all,Chooch,"Save your money.I've played this game for over 300 hours and wanted to release a review on this game on, hopefully, a full release day. But that is not going to come. I genuinely feel bad for people are optimistic of these developers. It's been so long, so long without a patch, or even an action from these guys that I would say a majority of the consumers are actually HAPPY with.This game was so much fun at the beginning. Running through cities with your friends meeting people, fighting people, exploring the huge world of Chernarus. But in my opinion, the developers turned in a direction where I think only the minority supported, which was HARDCORE & UNBELIEVABLY challenging survival. It's so difficult to stay alive in this game, and that's counting dangers from other players. Because trust me you won't see any for hours. When you do find another player, assuming he has a weapon he will probably tell you to ""Hey, stop right there"" & you attempt to engage in some conversation and you're already dead because it's his first oppurtunity to shoot something that's not already dead (and broken) zombies, in hours as well.I hope I'm wrong. I really do, but to this moment which is over 4 years after the first inital release of this game I don't even think it's even considered beta yet? Does that say something at all? 4 years? We're still in alpha? Save the money."
,Not Recommended,221100,25705505,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,someone,"Don't bother.1800 hours spent on this game, and a few hundred others on other accounts. It was definitely worth the money once upon a time, but it isn't anymore.I keep trying to get back into it, but they have ruined it. I just spent a couple of hours trying to play it, and so far found 1 can of peaches in 2 hours. I died of starvation numerous times. Boring as hell.Also, to improve FPS instead of actually improving optimization they just added dense fog which only allows you to see a couple of hundred m in front of you, which looks really rubbish. There is very little i personally believe they have improved in 3 years."
,Not Recommended,221100,15025424,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,General Cuckster,"2 years, still in alpha, still horribly difficult to deal with.Still fun, but hard to get other people you know to join (and deal with issues of game)."
,Not Recommended,221100,21006240,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Darth Revan,loving all these content updates
,Not Recommended,221100,22405104,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Sworpule,Lol 78% of the reviews for dayz are positive yet I scrolled threw almost 30 pages of reviews and only found 8 positive reviews soooooo confused.♥♥♥♥♥♥game♥♥♥♥♥♥dev's
76561198005569691,Not Recommended,221100,33572404,Posted: 15 July,all,Cpt//HL3 Confirmed#,"what once was a great mod on Arma II...RIP...You Done ♥♥♥♥ed it Up....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\....░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄░**DAYZ**░▄ ▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Not Recommended,221100,22082425,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Siegehammer,"The year is 2020, Star Citizen finally launched, DayZ is still in early alpha..."
76561197980671810,Not Recommended,221100,22605150,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Reign,"4 years on, still trash, 100% regret buying this game. never buying any game from this dev ever again.  stay away from this game. The game is a scam and has been left to die a sad death.2017 July update: This title is only here to scam people out of money. end of story. Buy PUBG instead.BUY PUBG.YOU GET A MAP.YOU CAN FIND YOUR FRIENDS INSTANTLY.BOOT UP AND SHOOT UP!YOU WILL HAVE FUN.JUST DONT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,221100,17246114,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Queue,I thought you weren't allowed to sell unfinished mods.
76561198121001814,Not Recommended,221100,17004309,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,RICH PIANA,"♥♥♥♥ing Developers can suck my♥♥♥♥♥ 2 years Early Access i want a ♥♥♥♥ing refund  stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,221100,25201684,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,SharQ,"After 3 years of Alpha stage, its still ♥♥♥♥ing alpha."
76561198135566257,Not Recommended,221100,19450895,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Dandy ☭,"E3 top releases of 2035Far cry 13Call of duty advanced black ops zombie XAssassins creed: The JFK killerGrand Theft Auto XIHalo 9DayZ early access AlfaThe year is now 2135 E3 has released the news for many Great recognizable games and they have one big announcement  ""DayZ 1.0"" has been confirmed for the year 2500"
,Not Recommended,221100,16502940,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TrigrHppy,DayZZZZzzzzzzz....
,Not Recommended,221100,31318598,Posted: 23 April,all,iWif | Orbidity,I think after all the♥♥♥♥♥♥development in this game we can all agree that there will be no future for it.When they say they upgrade or fix something they make it worse.Some stuff is updated maybe but its all just not important.Most of the Early Acces Games these days are already in a much better state when they kick off.I had my fun in this game but these day i dont even dare anymore to reinstall it on my pc.Waste of time and waste of money.
,Not Recommended,221100,17174855,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Spaghetti,"Development is extremely slow (understandable), bugs that destroy all your progress, and everyone's a bandit. I love this game, I won't lie, but at the same time I hate it. I've had a lot of fun with this game, especially with the PVE part of the game. My friends and I will go on empty servers and we'll set up a base, and try to survive in the woods. Getting the gear you need takes a VERY long time, but its extrememly rewarding. Well, until you have a months worth of gear and you log on one day to find out the game decided to wipe everything out of your inventory/world.The community is extremely trigger happy, don't expect to team up with anyone, because they'll most likely shoot you on sight, or backstab you when you find good gear.As for development, its understandably slow because they're working with the ArmA engine, which is notorious for being absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ People need to realize this, instead of throwing a tantrum and blaming Dean Hall for everything.  The DayZ team is in the process (and is almost done) of making a new engine, and when its done, performance should skyrocket, development should speed up quite a bit, and the game should get back on track.Basically, if you're thinking about buying the game, wait until the new engine is implemented. Once that happens I will change my review to reflect on the change."
,Not Recommended,221100,34398701,Posted: 21 August,all,Qu4tr0,"If you throw your money in the trash at least some poor homeless dude can find it and buy some food, so there's at least a chance of something good happening when you do that. Cant say the same for this pile of garbage.The devs must be relatives of Usain Bolt because boy they grabbed that money and ♥♥♥♥ed right off. They throw a pathetic excuse for a patch here and there like dirt on the floor to cover up their tracks."
,Not Recommended,221100,16437619,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ZeCanadian,This game ruined early access for me.
76561198102571674,Not Recommended,221100,15893963,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,"Matt Ward, Emperor of Skub","Remember the days when you paid for a game, and then got the full game upon purchase?Pepperidge Farms remembers.Remember the days when early access was only temporary?Pepperidge Farms remembers.Remember the days when DayZ was a mod that offered a unique survival experience?Pepperidge Farms remembers.Remember the days when 30 dollars could get you amazing games?Pepperidge Farms remembers.Remember the days when a noose was a more viable option than waiting for the developers to finish their game?Pepperidge Farms remembersHail DayZ: Forever Alpha"
76561197985660022,Not Recommended,221100,18886120,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Zanzi Ze Zombie,"DayZ has been in alpha mode for far too long now. It was even in Alpha when Noah was afloat and Noah’s Ark didn’t sink like this game is sinking. And boy, is it sinking fast...And as for the DayZ forum, where can I start?Well, I certainly wouldn’t bother with that either.It’s ran by Bohemia, who are, and I say this very loosely, “building” this game. The slightest derogatory comment you make on the forum about the game will result in you banned from their forum by their narrow-minded, overtly zealous moderators. And with absolutely zero recourse.DayZ can best be described as a glitchy Mo Farrah running sim at best.DayZ is highly un-recommendable due to its interminable Alpha stage, poor playability and shameful customer service."
76561197989189123,Not Recommended,221100,26648419,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shay,"Devs Early access question: What they say vs what they meanThis is what they saidWhy Early Access?“DayZ entered the Early Access program in the hopes of including the many passionate Chernarus Survivors into the development process.Utilizing experimental branch (opt-in Steam Beta branch) updates to incubate builds, the Development Hub(devhub.dayz.com), the official Feedback Tracker(feedback.dayzgame.com), and the Official Forums(forums.dayzgame.com)those interested in participating in the highs and lows of developing an open world sandbox survival title are given the option to pre-purchase the released game at a discounted price, and gain access to development builds as the title is created.”Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?“At the current time the core development of the base DayZ game is projected to run between 2.5 to 3.5 years. (Putting the departure from Early Access at approximately mid 2017)”This is what they meant:We want to cash in on the hype of Dayz. So instead of building the game from scratch like we should, and releasing it on early access much later. We're going to use an old abandoned game engine, fix it a bit and call it Dayz SA. Even though it's going to make development of the final game that much harder and take so much longer, who cares we already cashed in.Bohemia Interactive is garbage, and there is zero chance of hitting that mid 2017 mark"
76561198004780264,Not Recommended,221100,26480974,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Monkeymercenary,DayZ standalone is a colossal disappointment. So much was promised and it just took too long for any real updates to come along. You're better off playing the mods for Arma 2/3 as they are better products than this running inventory simulator.
,Not Recommended,221100,10459421,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,K△TNISS,"DayZ Standalone is a perfect example of the issues that the pre-alpha model faces.  When games are sold on what they *might*  become, and the features that are ""coming"", it reduces incentive for devs to actually meet these deadlines.  After having played 500+ hours of the mod over 2 years, seeing the fundamental issues  carried over to the standalone is rather disheartening.You cannot make a stable game from a fundamentally broken engine that was never meant to handle the amount of scripts being implemented. The issues arising are what we are seeing now - intermittant hotfixes every month or so, while the fundamental game engine is broken and inefficient.  Dean made an amazing mod, but attempting to carry this over to a standalone format was biting off more than he could chew.  When Dean first introduced the dummy UI (about 1-2 years ago now) we're still seeing this SAME UI in the game today. DayZ has sold millions of copies on features that have not even been polished yet (3+ years in production). The bottom line is - the Arma engine was never meant to endure the amount of scripting dumped on top of it.Now don't get me wrong, this isn't a hateful review, this is a logical and objective one. You are paying money based on hopeful outcomes, and blind trust that the devs will get it together and fix the issues (it took about a year to fix mouse accelleration, are you kidding me?) while these devs chase their tails fixing patches endlessly. For every patch this game releases, there is a hotfix to fix the new errors generated in the patch! This game will never be finished, and mark my words - in 2015 and beyond, the same issues are going to remain.DayZ has sold millions of copies because it is an amazing experience - but it is an experience rife with issues, which can never truly be fixed due to the engine. Do yourself a favour and stick to what DayZ was destined to be - a great free mod for Arma, NOT a standalone game."
,Not Recommended,221100,16257115,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Mystre,Its clunky. It runs on the Arma engine and its not an enjoyable game.
,Not Recommended,221100,17806425,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,qwackk #BanROT,Burning $35 inside of a trash can is a better choice than buying this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,17208270,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Suck My Croc,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Only buy this game if you want to support the devs. This game has so many bugs and its been in early access for 2 years. The devs need to stop adding new features to the game and start focusing on frame rate issues and bugs. This game will be great when its completed but for now STAY AWAY FROM IT.UPDATE: Thank you to all the people who supported my review. I really appreciate that and more reviews are on the way. But there is one problem... I can't seem to find my review on the Dayz store page. If you know the reason why or how i could fix this problem please comment below.
,Not Recommended,221100,25571788,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Shadowski,"First and foremost, I have enjoyed my time with this game. I bought into it when it was released as Alpha, and for the money I paid, I have had a lot of fun with my friends.However, I just cannot reccomend it. The Alpha period has been nearly 3 years now, and that is far too long for an Alpha. At least, a released Alpha.The slow down in development recently has been disheartening to say the least. It has gone through many iterations since I bought in, and most have been for the best. But active development seems to have stopped, and there do not appear to be any realistic goals to get the game into Beta at any point.If you have friends you want to play this game with, then by all means buy it. But if you are looking for something like the DayZ Mod, this is not your game.It's too bad, but the game has stalled in Early Access hell, and is the reason I am wary of buying into anything in Alpha. I firmly believe DayZ SA has ruined the Alpha concept for many people and that will hurt games that actually want to deliver their profuct via a viable Early Access method."
,Not Recommended,221100,15195043,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,MLG Dirty Wanker iHax.com,The zombie are literly the worst now no survival is possible
,Not Recommended,221100,34010696,Posted: 4 August,all,Gamer In The Shell,"A glimpse into a day of surviving in Day Z:You spawn in the wildness by yourself.You google the games map IRL to help get your bearings(No one has time to waste 3 hours wandering around to die to starvation, zombies, and/or dehydration).After you triangulate your position from the land marks around you(Hopfully you spawned by the ocean/train tracks).You set out on a journey for the closet city which happens to taketen IRL minsto get to;thats if your character is sprinting full speed.After traveling for so long with nothing around but your thoughts and your virtual body becoming insistly more tired, hungry, and thirsty you find the city.Stocked up on what little gear, supplies, and weapons inside the untouched city has, you set out tobuild a base, enjoy the scenery,find a faction or guild,find victims.Thinking about all the terrible things you can do to your victims but really realizing you dont have any of the tools......You promptly loss your character to:A). A glitch of some sortB). Lagging into a zombie or off a edgeC). The server you were playing on deleting your characterReview:Everytime I have played I havn't been killed by players..... I have been killed by glitches or game flaws. I have 46 hours in the game yet almost all of that time spent I wasn't havingfun. I spent long times sprinting to find friends or just to find a few scraps of  items to have""fun""basically waiting for the game to get better but it hasn't.I don'tmindEarly Access games being in Early Access for along time. Nor do I mind them being buggy. As long as they arefunto play in their current state(or become fun)and are actually being worked on. Dayz has only one of those two things sadly and its the later one. There is not enough content to make the game fun in its current state and there isn't good enough multiplayer action/matchmaking to make the lack of content fun. Forty dollars and four years later I feel nothing but disappointment.The game has so much potential but in its current state I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,221100,18461786,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,"Yo, Ho, Ho, and a Bottle of Rum!","Dissapointment.I mean, DayZ Standalone could be one the most favorable FPS genre games, but they didn't due to their flawed game engine and they seemed not trying to do anything about it, DayZ Standalone is literally the only reason I don't buy ARMA 3, if there is no DayZ SA, I am pretty sure I will end up having ARMA 3 in my game lists."
,Not Recommended,221100,21030231,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,yeeeee,aids
,Not Recommended,221100,20288886,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Fawkes [RTW],sucks they don't even bother with it anymore
,Recommended,221100,11089423,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dan | Greuceanu,"Entered a police station. Out of the nowhere guy knocks me out and left me unconscious.Guy: ""Are you dead?""Me: ""Nope I'm unconscious!""Guy: ""Yes you are!""Revived and woke up without my motorcycle helmet and all my items in backpack broken.Faith in humanity restored.11/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,221100,11500357,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,The Joker,"Day 1Spawn in. Find some random dude, doesn't shoot me. I must have good luck.Day 2I meet same guy. He offers me Pipsi, ends up handcuffing me. Forces me to take my pants off.Day 3I wake up from being unconcious. I find that the only thing he left me with was some rotten food. Gathered some weapons and armor.Day 4Found same guy, shot him, he became unconcious. I handcuffed him. When he woke up I was giving him the middlefinger, then when I was satisfied, I shot him in the nuts over an over and over until he died.Day 5Died from starvationLesson from this story: Never forget to eat, even while being sexually harrassed."
,Not Recommended,221100,22670513,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,MaisDa,"If I would work like this dev team, I would have been fired two years ago.But I think ""Zalando"" would give me a new job as a shoe designer."
,Not Recommended,221100,23479388,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,girg,3 years in development and the standalone still isn't on par with arma 2 & 3 dayz mods░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄DAYZ ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198104152855,Not Recommended,221100,13849250,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Sentrii,"I thouroughly enjoyed Arma 2 DayZ in all variations, Overpoch to Origins to End and RP. Standalone is absolutely horrible compared to any of them.  Rocket (Standalone dev and original DayZ mod creator) will be leaving, which I believe will send this game to the pile of all the other abandoned Early Access games. And that really sucks too, because DayZ can be lots of fun, that is when you aren't constantly getting killing on sight by troll bandits, which btw are a large part of the community.  As far as content, Standalone has SO little variety, and yes it is early access, I get that, but it is inferior to DayZ mod. Also Standalone does not support custom maps or client sided mods ( idk if it is planned, check their website if custom maps or clients side mods like sound mods if those are your thing). Anyways, I will probably recommend DayZ Standalone IF it adds more content like weaps and vehicles to feel like there is a good variety. Sadly in its current state, I cannot recommend it unless you are absolutely dying (no pun intended) to try it out."
76561198075662081,Not Recommended,221100,32475679,Posted: 16 June,all,WARlord,"I loved playing this game back in the day , but when updates came , it brought my pc to a very low point , i got a good pc, anyway , Recently ive been hearing about people getting banned for posting negative reviews , so i have no other choice but to say , shame on you developers , shame on you... ban me if you wish"
,Recommended,221100,14567183,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,NightSlayerYT,"You hear the footsteps,the gentle patter.You hear the gunshot,your eardrums shatter.Your heart and mind,it fills with dread.The screen goes black,""You are dead"""
,Not Recommended,221100,15191411,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Gossett,"I've wrote a negative review in the past, and it seemed outdated because they seemed to fix nearly every problem I had with the game, and with the .60 update they fixed optimization, which in my eyes finally made this game enjoyable, so I decided to play again today. I played for nearly 4 hours, running city to city, running in and helping the occational naked, and then I came up on a military base (The one south east of NWAF) and saw someone running around with gear. I ran up infront of the barracks he was in and layed down with a scope aimed at head level, he never ran out into the open, so I ran to the side and saw him in the 3rd room, so I ran to the window behind him and he was gone, ran in cleared the entire barracks and turned out he combat logged, so already sad about that, (Part of the story, not something that needed fixed) I ran around looting the rest of the base, and then went into the jail. 5 steps in to the jail I found an engraved 1911 with a full mag, thinking I was just lucky, I ran into the back room to see what else I could find, where I was shot in the head from somewhere inside the walls, by an exploiter/hacker. This was 3-4 hours of gameplay wasted because people can exploit bugs such as this one."
,Not Recommended,221100,18901793,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Ser!ousHe@t,OK i am seeking legal action with a class action lawsuit as this game was sold as a zombie game then removed due to their own mistakes. I have a attorney that will file suit with 300 petitions if anyone is interested please PM me .
76561198053936753,Not Recommended,221100,29081566,Posted: 7 January,all,Harry_The_Ruskie,"Most of the 'thumbs-up' reviews were posted several years ago when the Alpha was first released.  That being said, the game has been getting mostly negative reviews nowadays.  It does appear they started off on the wrong foot, having to abandon the old code and rewrite the whole thing practically from the ground up and still stuck in Alpha in an endless cycle of broken game mechanics, bugs galore, poor performance optimization even on high-end PC systems and netcode.  They seem very regular on introducing a whole host of new features, such as spray painting your weapons, dynamic wildlife, etc etc, but these are mere useless trinkets when they do not seem to be able to get core features and stability of the game to work properly.  They seem to have lost the plot and even Rocket, the vaunted creator of the DayZ Mod that sired the Standalone has abandoned his self-aggrandizing rhetoric and decided to cut and run rather than be associated with his embarassing offspring.  You got to wonder what is going through their minds especially how much longer they think can afford to stay in Alpha Early Access with other up and coming highly anticipated open world survival games (eg. Escape From Tarkov) or open world survival mods that have been released for platforms such as Arma3 (eg. Exile).  DayZ Standalone is fast becoming irrlevant.  After several years in Alpha it still plays like a big pile of sh!t.  Talk about growing pains."
,Not Recommended,221100,18315673,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Radagast the Black,The one main positive I can say about this game is that it taught me to never ever buy an 'early access' game again. Crowd funding is ok with some people but not me. This game was so far away from playable throughout the alpha experience that I'm losing interest in ever playing it again.
,Not Recommended,221100,28333267,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Jake,"ive had this since the start, also played the mod. Garbage. Dev team sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Tried to come back to it and there were game breaking bugs galore....They havent added content and havent fixed the serious bugs. What have they been doing? They sold so many copies too. Where did that money go? I dont expect this will ever get finished so i cannot reccomend it*edit* forgot to mention I have a GTX 970 and an i5 @4.8 ghz and cant stay above 25fps at 1080p all lowest settings"
,Not Recommended,221100,32477164,Posted: 16 June,all,Tommy Wiseau,This game had it all to succeed. All but decent developers.
,Not Recommended,221100,16271144,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,rickaroo,"Its not even half a game. This should be free until they release the full version. Don't fall for this, I got my refund today and its a very satisfying feeling. Developers on steam will now have a harder time ripping people off."
76561198008411845,Not Recommended,221100,19529739,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,JunioR!,crapZ
76561197962735900,Not Recommended,221100,20599393,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Bender,Not sure if this game will ever be finished...
,Not Recommended,221100,13585359,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ali,Game is full of hackers. Every single bloody day I get killed by script kiddies flying around with m4s shooting through walls. 0/10 Complete waste of time. The progress at which this game gets developed is questionably slow. This game is a complete copy and paste of Arma 2. The developers sit in their office all day doing nothing except browsing reddit with the exception of changing ingame item icon positions. Do not buy DayZ standalone at this time unless you want to smash your head through a wall.
76561198081725716,Not Recommended,221100,34692814,Posted: 2 September,all,STROG@NOFF,Not playable game. The developers promise a lot of time to fix it. Nothing has been fixed yet.
,Recommended,221100,10279939,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,MrSheep,Ran for three hours then got killed by a pantless man sliding around on the floor at 200mph with a double barrel shotgun. 10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,25136680,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,wankbum94,Joining up to fight in the Ukraine Crisis would be more fun.
76561198137765926,Not Recommended,221100,18463293,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Hot Local Singles Near You,This game has been in early access for so long now with no updates and outdated mechanics. Honestly you are way better getting arma 3 and using the zombie mods on there with tons of other gamemodes.
76561197998111395,Not Recommended,221100,18175028,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,HeisenbergAoE,"This game is what makes people lose trust in so called indie game developers, especially when it comes to ""early access"". Don't even dare purchase this.EDIT: I get comments from people complaining I can't review because I don't play the game and/or have very low hours playing the game. Well... the REASON I don't play the game or have any hours on it is that the game isn't enjoyable and not going anywhere.There are many things wrong about this game from a technical viewpoint. It'd be a waste of time to point out.Here are games you should try instead to get the experience DayZ fails to deliver: Rust, Ark, ArmA 3 (namely the associated mods).Seriously. Don't get it. Just don't."
,Not Recommended,221100,21382653,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Infernal,I've played this from the begining.Dropped in every month or so. The game did seem to improve slightly at the start - But i feel progress is still incredibally slow.Wouldn't recommend till this game gets a full release (like it ever will....)
76561198037797125,Recommended,221100,14006441,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,FiredDragonMan,"Met a ""friend"" in DayZ who followed me through my adventures in search of food and gear... We became friends on Steam and talked/played for about 4 weeks... We had some good times... One day he decides to bring along a friend of his to our journey towards what used to be a high loot Airfield at the NorthEast... Both of us fully equiped with guns and gear wait around a campfire in the woods for his buddy to come meet up... He arrives, and introduces himself... I introduce back... I later see before my eyes my so called ""friend"" and his buddy handcuffing me and later chopping me down with their fire axes... Last words I heard from this traitor were "" I just wanted your gear man"" ....Best Action/Drama/Survival game ever - 11/10#TrustNoOne"
,Not Recommended,221100,21166448,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Lewbot,"Worst steam purchase I have ever made, 2 years after purchase this game is still an unplayable shell of a game - the original FREE mod is much better in many ways."
,Recommended,221100,8661913,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Lettuce,"This is such a peaceful game.I enjoy running around in the hills, rolling around in the grass and admiring the beautiful sky.The sunlight washes over the hills as I frolick around the natural wonders of Chenarus.I enjoy playing with the rabbits and writing my thoughts down on papers I see lying around.As I force feed my prisoner with a rotten banana, I wonder how much more serene and gorgeous this game can get in the future updates.Such a memorable experience."
,Not Recommended,221100,15731546,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,$W[A]G__G™ ♥$W33TY♥,The worst version of DAYZ that I have ever seen.
,Not Recommended,221100,17870942,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FenrisianShaman,"When I bought the game, I was expecting it to be similar to the mod, with a few tweaks, but this was not the case.  There are a lot of problems, but the game is in early access, so I figured that they would get fixed eventually, but after more than a year, it still hasn't changed.  The devs add a little content every few weeks, but it seems to introduce more problems than it fixes.  It is not worth the money for the game, and I wish that I hadn't stuck with it for so long."
76561198042195463,Not Recommended,221100,18591111,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,robotcontrol,"No more zombies. The only thing to kill is each other.  Not that i don't love getting killed by a 12 year old while he is questioning my sexuality, but im not going to make a habit of itit has been almost two years since i made this review.  still garbage.  wows.  hey and yeah sick 5 dollar price hike"
,Not Recommended,221100,26742104,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,TopatoHead,I absolutely cannot recommend this game at this time unless you like exploring.  It just isn't what it is supposed to be at this time.  Do I hope it becomes the DayZ we used to know and love? Yes but that might not be for a long time.
,Not Recommended,221100,19743829,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,MrVicePres,"I held off writing a review for this game as it was Alpha and I expected broken mechanics left, right and center, however it's clear this game will forever be broken until it finally dies out if it has not done so already.Do not recommend, absolute filth of a game, and the developers names should be put on a blacklist for the safety they don't corrupt any other future games with their greedy little feeble hands, talk about making a balls of a game with what seems like no prior knowledge or planning and just bluffing your way through the whole process. It's clear they have two people working on this game that have absolutely no idea of how the game engine works or very possible have no clue what a game engine is."
,Not Recommended,221100,21593079,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Heisse,"This game is honestly garbageupdate: came back a year later and the same bugs are still in the game, good stuff"
,Not Recommended,221100,17181521,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Jason,"Overpriced, little support, doesn't run very well."
,Recommended,221100,8546665,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,CampingPenguin,The game where 90% of all your effort is holding down the w key 10/10
76561198092189627,Recommended,221100,32053371,Posted: 29 May,all,Bart3k1488,there is an uninstall option
76561198078247173,Not Recommended,221100,14137219,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,8 Bit,"This game can be described as getting a sports car for your birthday, and having it only work by you running inside, Flintstones style."
,Not Recommended,221100,13917195,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SirPetrus!,"They somehow managed to make a free mod that was awesome and innovative cost money, while simultaneously make every aspect of the game worse.The pros:-You can uninstall it.The cons:-You don't get your money back.Rocket go **** yourself."
76561198028606212,Not Recommended,221100,30989418,Posted: 6 April,all,Razeredge,there should be a system to punish devs that pull this kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198025374208,Not Recommended,221100,13827716,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Freddy The Destroyer,"Steps to dayz:1.Spawn in and find where you are.2.Find a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing melee.3.Get chased by zombie.4.Get killed by zombie glitching around you, or somehow kill it.5.Walk to a place such as chernarous to get loot, Get shot on the way by a fully geared guy who loves to kos new spawns.Thats all this game is and there is no way of ever doing anything in this game because the community is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is all little five year olds love to Kos new spawns and in my opinion this is a dead end for the devs and they should quit while they are ahead, They really need to fix the community in this game, if you want to try and meet on dayz your ♥♥♥♥ed too."
,Not Recommended,221100,25746387,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,UnlawfulWaffle,"I don't understand anymore. I played this game every day almost, when the game actually was fun. The updates that have happened in the past year has just devastated the game in all entirety. The game that everyone loved was the older dayz when it was just a battlefield. Now this game is just empty, you NEED action in this game or you might literally scratch your eye balls out. The graphics are a lot nicer. But who gives a ****. I loved the game when it was good fps, almost everyone could play it with decent fps. The new battleye service is just complete ****. I played the game for 1.2k hours and the day after school I got on to play and it said I was banned. THIS BANNED ME ON EVERY BATTLEYE GAME. Couldn't play the 20 Arma games that I spent $100 dollars on. Its just bull****. The funny thing is, is everyone says that it happens for a reason. But I know that I did not hack. I loved this game and its just terrible now. All they cared about was the weapons, cars, and the graphics but holy **** guys clearly you don't know how to make a game better. I had over 500 videos per day off of dayz that would spam me, and I LITERALLY only have seen 1 in the past 3 weeks. Its just sad. I would of respected it if they made a version for the old dayz and then a version for the sh***y new one. I don't understand if people enjoy the new dayz when you get to run around for 4 hours collectecting jack **** and then dying by a hacker, glitch, or a ******bag. I miss the old DayZ, and I know thousands of people that miss it just as much. Oh and also, I was apart of the massage bannage of when you pick up a hacked weapon from a hacker. Yes you innocently got banned for picking up a weapon that was hacked. Also, the game literally had no zombies for 6 months THEN they fixed it, the mp5k or mp9 i dont remember had no sight for 4 months (There was a lot other ones).      COME      THE      ****      ON       GUYS     ."
,Not Recommended,221100,32593149,Posted: 20 June,all,Tujev,"A ghost of dayz mod past. Let this wreckage be a reminder that blindly fanboying a game developer can lead to death of a phenomenon. Still better than most of the new clones that are coming out. Bigest mistake was taking out the military grade weapons out of a military simulator, belistics was one of the strongest points of the game and taking it out killed complexity. Moment of silance for dayz Mod.F"
76561197982025140,Not Recommended,221100,34919496,Posted: 13 September,all,q.S Sachiel,"Don't buy it.Just don't.It's vapourware at it's finest. You're just going to be bankrolling ARMA3. The game has been in development for longer than you probably are old, and there are better games (albeit copycats) which have been around for less time and do it better.The population in my region is completely dead.Their forums are openly hostile to any form of criticism.The gameplay is entirely reliant on your imagination, which will be punished time and time again by lacklustre production values given their overwhelming pool of pre-order money, and by infuriating bugs (personality) that the game has locked away in it.Seriously, you should just burn your money."
76561198007258751,Recommended,221100,9833268,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Bejjo,"It began when I found myself scrambling through the neighborhoods and orchards of Berezino in a desperate search for some sticks. I needed the sticks so I could craft a splint for my friend, who was currently lying on the floor of a warehouse, after having missed the last set of stairs, and subsequently breaking both of his legs. In the midst of my quest and inner ponderings on the difficulty of finding one f*cking stick, a player darted across my path. I drew my shotgun and followed after him.""Friendly!"" I shouted when close enough. He stopped and turned to face me""Do you have any sticks?"" I asked desperately""No, sorry."" he responded pleasantly enoughWe stared at each other for the next few seconds in silence, when for no particular reason I leveled my shotgun at him and blew his head off. His body crumpled to the ground.As the shot echoed through the hills and blood pooled around his corpse I fell to my knees and wept at the monster I had become.10/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,16164915,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,John,"Remember DayZ? I do.Is there anyone as slow as Chucklefish and their Starbound development team? Well the DayZ developers might just be an equal. They sure take their time to release anything significant. I like how Dean literally abandons the game before it is finished too. That is always a good sign.DayZ was clearly released in its pre-alpha state so Dean could embezzle our money. He realized how much cash he could get if he pulled the stunt he did and he took it.>m-muh experimental updatesWhat about them? You get like 3 things added like roadblocks or additional gun parts, but nothing is improving this foresaken game.Boy what a mistake it was to purchase this, I , as many others rode the disgusting hype train all the way to Suckersville. This game was a mistake."
,Not Recommended,221100,23335969,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,meltdown,"Banned for reasons they wont even tell me, hadn\'t played Arma 3 or DayZ in awhile and tried to login and play the update to find BI had global banned me. After several support mails they refuse to give me any information on why it happened. I\'ve never had a ban and ontop of that lost a lot of $$$ now that I can\'t even play what I paid for.Tempted to write the BBB about these guys.This doesn\'t even touch on how long development has taken to do the most idiotic things."
76561197981425218,Not Recommended,221100,20488666,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jaydn,WARNING  DO NOT BUY this game its a waste of money
76561198140666070,Not Recommended,221100,14473629,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,DareToEamon,"Dissapointing, typical early access, buggy. Wait a year until its as good as the mod, that was two years ago"
,Recommended,221100,11610088,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Safty@offline,Gave a helpless man an Orange that was poisoned with disinfectant spray.Later found him dead near a well.10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,18130096,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,WashedUp,DONT BUY THIS GAME.
76561198090700752,Recommended,221100,13324219,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,MoreTbagsThanLipton,"I CRAWLED THROUGH THE BUSHES. My hands crept forward slowly as I slid along the ground, the grass rustling as I passed over it like a snake.My killers lay in sight. They had murdered me, though I was nothing but a defenseless bambi. Now...they were the ones who were defenseless. One of the two killers had a broken leg and was lying in a bush as he talked to his friend. ""Go look for a splint, hurry, I need it. Check the houses by the shore. Go!"" he pleaded. Little did he know that soon his corpse would lie beneath my feet. His friend nodded once, green motorcycle helmet bobbing up and down as he jogged off towards the shore.Now was my time of vengeance. I slipped out of my hiding place, a small bush that was only a few feet away. The injured man lay there, unaware of my approach.One step. Two steps.I was standing over him now, reveling in my victory. My hand snuck into his backpack, and I took the pickaxe he had.The pickaxe gleamed in the afternoon sun as I hoisted it over my head. ThenI STRUCK. Blood spurted everywhere as the pickaxe bit through the man's coat and into his soft flesh. He screamed for help...but his friend was too far away to save his life.Vengeance is sweet."
,Recommended,221100,12908277,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,John Thicc,"I found a japanese guy the experimental server once, i chased im with a shovel yelling random words, being a bigger insult to his culture than hiroshima. He took a lucky swing and knocked me unconcious with his sledghammer, at which point he googled very bad american insults and yelled them at me. 10/10 would be called a fat mcdonald man again."
,Not Recommended,221100,18751593,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,klubnjak,Dayz devs increased the price by 15% twice before a sale. They're just a bunch of money grabbers that can't even work on the game because the engine is utter crap. I wish I could refund this crap.
,Not Recommended,221100,18057235,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Dairox *,Just waited since 28.12.2013 that this game will get out off the alpha. i got a awesome beard now
76561198063686699,Not Recommended,221100,14653759,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,onyx_reihn,"Log in a year later.I should say ""attempt to log in"" a year later.How a game actually becomes more unfinished as time goes on is beyond me.0/10"
76561198014962343,Not Recommended,221100,30945442,Posted: 4 April,all,ninjaPANDA,Please don't throw more money at this game.I would rather buy $30 of drugs and waste my life away before slowly killing myself by playing this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,26740482,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Chris.html,I don't think they know what alpha means
,Not Recommended,221100,21800757,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Stank,"Just terrible, much better out there. Tried for a long time after updates but was dissapointed time and time again. Updates are few and far in between and feels like the developers themselves have also given up (despite a few promises here and there)."
,Not Recommended,221100,26117498,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,^2vittu^3saatana,Gaben let me bring my money back like with No Man Sky░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░ Arma 2░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░Dayz Mod░░▄▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄░Dayz░░░░░▄▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░Standalone░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,221100,31750098,Posted: 14 May,all,Epsilon,"UPDATE: Game is still crap, nothing new here, but there is another very promissing game that I think is a DayZ killer, go check it out!http://store.steampowered.com/app/299740This is a full review of the DUMPSTERFIRE, that is DayZ.This game has been awful for years, and will stay on EA for prob another couple years. Dont waste your time at this price.Bought this game when it came on EA(15 bucks mind you), the most they have done was fix zombies running through doors, and hiking up the price to 35 bucks. Its been on EA for about 3-4 years I belive, with promises of a early 2016 release, still nothing. 10/10 garbage and would refund if I could. This game is a prime example of a game that goes to EA to just make tons of money, with 0 ambitions of becoming a full title. At 35 bucks it should be considered felonly theft.4 years later & 3million versions of the game sold, its still garbage."
76561198054380465,Not Recommended,221100,14467117,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Summerlust69,Its been 1 year and half but the game still feels like its been a 1 week release. Some games have already more content even after just a week of release. The price Is way too high for such a mess. I'd rather play a free to play ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game then this crap. It's a waste. No hate just being honest here.Oh and now there is not lot no where xD ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game ahah..
76561198080865783,Recommended,221100,10909649,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Element,Pushed my friend through a wall on the stairwell.......... we are no longer friends.
,Not Recommended,221100,17445966,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,BaldEagleNor,"Let us go over the problems of this game:EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING THINGLagLagMore LagConnection issuesBugs in every ♥♥♥♥ing pixel of the gameAI is dumber than a chicken from MinecraftNo optimization what so everHackers, so many hackersBeen in EARLY Alpha for about 2 yearsNo progress is being madeGenerally shait game, get the mod instead. Please. don't waste your money with it."
76561197998323773,Not Recommended,221100,8516140,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pala,"DO NOT buy this game.Edit: Yet.Right now we're gambling and seeing how this game is going to turn out,might be a long time from now.Much like all the early access games.On the game itself, there are some positives like much more detailed interiors of various buildings,more complex inventory system, better lighting in graphics and a few slightly better animations, all in comparison to the mod. You could say it is a positive that they've managed to keep the essence of the gameplay from the mod so far, which is straight forward pvp with zombies around the town.There are some negatives of course, AI pathfinding is still very poor,severe lag when interacting with the world, still very awkward melee combat, other various bugs on visual,sound and gameplay in general. I know all these can be excused as the game being in alpher and would be addressed and fixed by the time the game is officially released, and as alpha testers we have to find all these problems and report to the devs.I wouldn't recommend to buy DayZ Alpher at this point of time,because it's not yet a full game and I'm not too sure where this game is going.P.S. I also don't know why would I bother writing a review for an early access game when most things  in it are not finalised yet. Lol"
76561197988015408,Not Recommended,221100,21119672,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,M.Twin,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Dayz▄░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,221100,24442371,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,DeadOnArival,"DayZ ran off with my money after kicking me in the teeth when  i paid for a kiss, this is the most disapointing case of that one game i think is a pile of steaming dogshit and everybody else thinks its the second coming of christ, dayz is a shallow rinse and repeat ""survival"" game aka ""large scale team death match"", a hundred other games have done the same thing better and my most recent play session after and year and a half just goes to show how much of a dinosaur dayz is.looking forward to the official release said to come out the same time as the long awaited half life 3."
,Recommended,221100,8410490,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kazisvet,"This game will teach you how to stop using ALT + TAB in games...""Fight the dead. Fear the living."""
,Not Recommended,221100,33943758,Posted: 1 August,all,BritGypsy,2khours dev team hopeless. 2 years of development game seems to be going backwards
,Not Recommended,221100,20712919,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,CuppyCakes,Discharging a can of Ultra Duster in your urethra will feel better than playing this game.
,Recommended,221100,8544258,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Tasmanary,I ate a rotten banana and died.10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,13841167,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,General_Metrac,"What do I have to say about DayZ? Does anyone have a guess? Lemme sum up my review of the game with a simple scenario that happened to me within 3 hours of gameplay.-Exploring electro, having a great time, oh look a zombie! Kill...oh look another...kill. Lemme explore this building. Tons of cool stuff, and I can see a fire station from here! Walks off a ledge about 2 feet tall that any normal human could live. YOU BROKE YOUR LEGS. oh lemme just see if I can splint my.....I need sticks? What about this extremely straight rod that I could easily...game:""NO YOU NEED STICKS"" (wiki how to use sticks....Rarity:VERY RARE)Crap...Meets a player and we have a conversationConversation:Me: hey dude, I put my guns away, can you please help me?Him:drop all your♥♥♥♥♥♥on the groundMe: dude, cmon, I just need a stick to splint my legHim: drop your crap so I know you aren't lying (this is going nowhere fast....)Me: I just feel off the roof, I don't wanna kill you, I have never killed anyone in this ga.....YOU ARE DEAD(kid in the backround, around the age of 10, ""I ♥♥♥♥ing showed you, ya ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"").....wow best community game ever! So friendly, so open minded, and my god, did I learn one thing after this...this game is NO FUN WITHOUT FRIENDSeveryone else follows the exact same motto, shoot first, ask questions later, and people like that shoved into one crap hole of a game, means there is NO COMMUNITY to this game besides the steam friends you had before you purchased the game.So all in all, my review on DayZ is.......(Sorry I shot him before he finished typing his review, welcome to DayZ :D)"
,Not Recommended,221100,21899643,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Glashtyn,"Used to love this game, when it was the original mod. Of any game I have ever played, no other game has made me laugh harder (from playing with fun and cool people), or have anxiety and ♥♥♥♥♥ from knowing you're being hunted by a whole squad of rednecks in the woods. When this game turned into the full-game at the very beginning, it was really good. Although ER, it was a more polished version (even though lacking in majority of weapons, vehicles, etc), but once they started ""patching"" things, they more just started smearing actual♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the programming of this game. From other reviews, it runs for almost no-one, even with $200 graphics cards. This game just grabbed all the money it could, then rolled over and died.Unfortunately.RIP, DayZ. You were my sweet love, through every laugh, every♥♥♥♥♥pucker, and every crazy moment."
76561198136953069,Not Recommended,221100,13921227,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,✪Kaiser✪,10/10 for uninstalling
,Not Recommended,221100,20478043,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,House,"What this game has given me:1. Some of the most memorable moments in gaming.2. The worst most unforgiving gaming experience in my life.3. Affirmation that you should never trust a sales pitch even if they do ""warn"" you.4. Reminder that you should never have to pay to be a test subject.Don't waste your money or your time, it's just simply not worth it. You only have a so many days on this planet, why waste them playing ♥♥♥♥♥astic games?"
,Not Recommended,221100,18785745,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,|Endless|Dream|,This is a turd of a game.
76561198138686234,Not Recommended,221100,18782264,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,MJCRO,"The development team is delusional. Beta by end of 2015?This joke of a game has gotten WORSE since Early Access release TWO YEARS AGO. There aren't even any zombies!Players want a new engine, but all they do is put more guns and clothes! The developers should have soley focused on engine development from Day 1 of release on Steam. The game actually played better back in December of 2013 than now!"
,Not Recommended,221100,13445610,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,El Bandolero,"Do not buy this game. The developers are profiting off of you and are waiting to release the full game for more $. I have never seen such disregard for such a loyal community and the developers are truly scum. Raising this early access to $35, claiming $30 is a sale, when barely anything has changed in the past 2 years. Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself Dean."
,Not Recommended,221100,16752353,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,LIKE,This is a bad early access game.
,Not Recommended,221100,13177109,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,LaughingOrca,"*Not a serious review, personal opinions ahead*I bought this game the day it came out, and I was a huge fanboy of it. I enjoyed it a lot. I defended it with my angry keyboard warrior methods, and whatnot. And it's still the same game I defended.Which is EXACTLY the issue. DayZ is the exact same thing, and now they even cranked the price up, as if they didn't grab enough cash already. ""Minecraft-principe"" yeah, at least Minecraft improved. What does DayZ have to offer? They added in a Truck now. More than a YEAR after it came out, and people demanded it since the beginning. And like the vehicles, many other things people were asking for, like the fixing of major bug issues, that allowed players to go into walls, for example, or a way of looking through walls, haven't been fixed for months, until the Devs thought it may be time. But instead, they gave people new weapons! Hurray! Nobody wants weapons in a broken game. And even a simple thing, such as combat-logout, was possible as the game was released. It used to be a massive issue in the Mod, until they made it that the Character stays 30 seconds in the game, after you logged out. Why wouldn't you put that in the game in the first place? No it took them MONTHS to add that back in. A basic feature of the Mod since a long while.And they went as far as promising a Mod support right off the bat. Sadly, there never was a mod support on launch. ""Later."" ""Soon."" Those are the two magical words, with that the Devs justify everything.""Soon"" will the bugs be fixed.And then they circlejerk over having tents in the game now.Oh and don't forget the glorious excuse ""BUT THIS IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA, HURR DURR YOU KNEW WHAT YOU WERE BUYING INTO."" Yes. I was fully aware I was buying an Alpha, but I thought there would be progress. It's been a year, the game is still the same thing. They added some towns on the map, wow. Great. But the Zombies are still♥♥♥♥♥♥ bug-using is the only way to win in PVP, and everyone is duping anyway. What is the point?I am frustrated, I am angry.I payed 20 bucks for a game, that hasn't made any noticeable progress so far. It's not like I can throw around with money.I don't recommend this.Wait unitl this game is either fully released and everyone is saying it's working.And even then, I don't think it would justify the 27 bucks they want for it right now."
,Not Recommended,221100,14112176,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Georgi.,Early Access since: 16. Dec. 2013Still the same problems since release... ♥♥♥♥ing lagy and corky as ♥♥♥♥... and fps drops are still there cause Arma engine is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not buy it right now!DayZ has a very solid gameplay and a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine and developers working as hard as they can to not implement anything usefull.Early Access ruins DayZ experience!
,Not Recommended,221100,17638884,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Skyman1801,"The biggest disapointment of 2012,2013,2014,2015,2016 and many more years to come since it will never leave early access. You know a games a failure when the mod (epoch) that wasnt even made by dean hall  is more fun than the standalone.Development started in August of 2012 (1130 days ago). Dean Hall announced they planned to release alpha in November of that year. However there was many delays in development leading to a barebones Alpha release on December 16 of 2013 (642 days ago). so after 488 days of development they had a barebones game. Still now 642 days later after this alpha release the game is still ♥♥♥♥ with the same problems, Also they did not develop an engine from scratch they just combined Arma 2 and Arma 3's engines as a way to save money as it would have cost them extra money to develop a new optimized and solid engine to create one of the most hyped games of all time. now tell me why their game is still ♥♥♥♥ after 1130 days of development like what the ♥♥♥♥. they could have at least put in helicopters by now or fixed the zombies walking through walls and random game crashes and the horrible FPS. Everything about this game is just garbage and a failure. the only reason it sold so many copies is directly due to its reputation in the Arma community as being one of the best mods ever to be played. May i also add the Epoch Mod has made a lot more progress in the development of their Arma 3 mod than the entire Dayz Standalone development? So let’s face the fact that this game was going to be an all-time great but due to how cheap Bohemia was with development and lack of leadership in the company they let this game turn into a 4 year or longer project that is still broken and has made little progress besides their small accomplishments that made no sense when main aspects of the game were missing. example ""1000s different character items"" when they still only have a few vehicles that work and main features such as base building, modding support, Air vehicles, optimization, Working AI, Proper hit detection, are all still broken or not even close to being implemented. STOP DEFENDING THIS GAME THAT HAS BETRAYED THE COMMUNITY THAT SUPPORTED IT FROM THE TINY MOD IT WAS!!!!"
,Recommended,221100,8106345,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Hugh,"There was no visible interface once I had finished loading. My framerate was poor, despite running medium settings and SLI GTX 780s. There was mouselag, mouse acceleration that I could not disable, and it took quite some time in the options menu before I could figure out some basic controls.Meanwhile, my character stood in the pitch darkness. I was on a beach. The moon was rising slowly at my back, over the water. I could hear the sound of the waves. A subtle text prompt indicated that I was thirsty. If I squinted into the distance (Right Mouse) I could see the outline of some buildings.Buildings could mean loot... Or zombies... Or worse: Other players. But I was thirsty, and I had nothing. No equipment. I could not survive if I did not find food, water, and something to defend myself with. I walked (Shift) slowly towards the buildings, their features becoming slightly clearer as the moon rose higher.Every few steps I paused, and listened. It took me almost twenty minutes to cover the approximately one hundred metres from my starting location to the edge of the group of buildings. Once there, I hugged walls and furtively leaned around corners (Q, E). Always pausing, always listening.There was nothing of value - I checked a small wooden shed, several doorways, some locked. I crept inside a building, but could see absolutely nothing in the darkness, so retreated back outside. Another building nearby had windows facing the moon - I entered, and could make out some beds.Methodically I searched from bed to bed, looking for anthing of value. I was literally groping in the darkness. That's when I heard them. Footsteps. Something walking. A zombie? I was paralysed with fear. Would they come inside? Probably not, I reasoned: They would wander around between the buildings.Then the footsteps stopped. I looked to each of the windows in turn, the moon would make a clear silouhette if something was there. Nothing. They started again, it fits and starts. Then I realised: No moaning, no growling, no gurgling. It must be another player.The fear I felt at knowing another human being was poking around the same building was too much. I quit the game, like a little baby. I tried to reassure myself that the half an hour I had promised I would limit myself to was up, but in reality I knew that DayZ and just scared the crap out of me.This game is a technical mess. That does not matter. Even in this unfinished, broken state, it is a superlative and seminal gaming achievement. You must play it: Do not hesitate. Unless you are approaching a group of buildings in the darkness..."
,Recommended,221100,8610821,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Jambo Jr,i stole someones pants 10/10
,Recommended,221100,8099445,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Kenuty,"At the moment I can only recommend this to people who truly support the Dayz Game, there is more work needed before this becomes a more solid game since this is just an alpha version.The graphics look great but it's still being worked on. So read and know what you are getting yourself into A ALPHA OF DAYZ as you play and help support the game's growth. I would recommend this only to those who are smart enough to know this, Everyone else dont waste your cash until it is fully complete.The game so far is+ amazing Graphics+ awsome big maps, feels like original Dayz+ feels very immersive and large+ Lots of items and objects being added to game+- Waiting on more content added to change up my review about this game- Original Dev left- worlds feels very empty all the time- Buggy at times still- No crafting yet- Zombies still going through walls- Drinking system and food system goes down fast, so you have to constantly drink and eat kinda gets repeititive and happens so fast.- I am not good with russians and the town names, so I hate it, in fact I wish it was translated to english for the sake of those who don't want to memorize it.-Not much in it yet except looting and killing other players that is all- Map so big most of the time you're just running, and running, and running and thats all you can do for now moving on to the next water source.- character still feels clunky as hell."
,Not Recommended,221100,17228168,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,**HK-47*88*,don't waste your money on this UNFINISHED game.....
,Not Recommended,221100,13940104,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,greystairs,"Never wrote a review here so yeahI bought this game about 10 months ago, and the game didn't improve one tiny bit.After insane amounts of crashes and bugs I simply quit it after 2 hours of gameplay.You might say that 2 hours of gameplay are not enough to get the full idea of the game and I would agree with you, but the point is, I didn't quit because of the games, mechanics I love them. I quit because the game is broken. For over a year now the game is unplayable in terms of framedrops, bugs and hackers.I really don't see where is this money going, bunch of folks like myself gave this game a chance, tried to support it,assuming they fix it, when they fix itl, there will be no players left, the community will be dead!I cannot recommend this game to anyone at its current state, maybe after they fix the bugs, I don't even know if I could recommend the game then since there will be no players left.I have been a fool for trusting early acces, I will never do such a thing again and I really hope that the whole Early Acces things dies, rot to its roots.Stop trying to support games like this, and hope that Steam gets your a refund."
,Not Recommended,221100,34682390,Posted: 2 September,all,Urumi,"Can't get pass the menu 0/10 Awful lags and freezes with a GTX 1080also this game CAN be good but its♥♥♥♥♥♥with all the bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥ i miss the arma 2 versionEDIT: lmao fanboys getting trigerred, remember thats just my opinion u♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197998848838,Not Recommended,221100,19603780,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,drama,what a bust:(the arma expansion was more playabletho one of the worst episodes of my recent life took place in that game.but since im a glutton for punishment i dropped $30 to be reminded of why my life sucksso if u feel up to hating yourself..this alpha is for you.
76561198063845712,Not Recommended,221100,25200944,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Japson,i played this game and wow look at those bugs. theres a lot of em!! and when is that full game gonna come out? never?? thought so!!!
,Recommended,221100,9024498,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,You are fake news Alfalafel,I ran up the stairs. Broke my legs and had to crawl down.25/5
,Not Recommended,221100,16756086,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Lukesterr,"One Word, Broken. Just wait until its out of Alpha 4/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,12791604,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Rectaͫnͤgͫuͤlar👻,"This game will never be finished. Nothing has been done in nearly a year.Kids:There is something calledpatch noteswhich allows me to see how little progess this ""game"" is making. I don't need to play the ""game"" in order to understand what thepatch notessay.2015 UPDATELooks like I'm still right.2016 UPDATEStill right.2017 UPDATESee above."
76561198118695650,Not Recommended,221100,15255649,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,✞Gotsnipedd✞,new update ruined the ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,221100,13826787,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,CapnCurbStomp,"It's... okay, at best right now.The falling mechanics or whatever are a joke, if you try to walk off a porch or something you get injured or break some part of your body.The zombie AI is even worse. It's all glitchy and buggy and just irritating whenever a zombie is near you, they can glide or fall through the ground or take 15 bullets to the head before hitting you 3 times then dying.The survival aspect is fun, the PVP is pretty fun, especially with friends. I love the variety in all the gear and weapons, although i wish there was more clothing and stuff like that.But when it comes down to it, Zombies, and how the game controls (plays) whatever, just ruins it.."
,Recommended,221100,25228353,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,thekalk|HeadSupervisor[GER],"!!! IMPORTANT !!!Sadly, it has come to a time, where disliking this game has become a meme.Dont rely too heavily on reviews.Watch Youtube videos to really see the gist of DayZ.There are many unbiased reviews wich give a good overview of whats actually inside this game.Is my review biased?...Yes kind of. See for yourself.Ha! Positive Review on DayZ? What? You must be insane? Fanboy?TBH yes I am a Fanboy, but not only for DayZ. I am a Fanboy of hardcore survival and that is what you get in DayZ. Hunger, Fear and murder. If you can't handle it. Don't Buy it. If you buy DayZ prepare to cry, this game is heartbreaking.But what do you get for the buck?Negatives:1. Slow Development (Long time till the game will be 'finished')2. Still kind of buggy (Most issues were resolved but, its still arma in a way)3. Difficult for inexperienced players(If you are not hardcore. Dont buy this game)-> Unvorgiving mechancis.-> Hard to learn.Positives:DayZ is unforgiving. But if you are willing to adapt to a unique concept and learn the ways this game has you will get:1.Hardcore Gameplay-Hunting-Killing-Scavenging-Fishing-Cooking-Crafting-Basing (Tents)2.Sometimes really breathtaking scenery3.Fear (You will♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants guaranteed)4.Immersion5. Endless possibilities of gameplayI want to stress this further,You are the creator of your own style of gameplay. You can almost do anything in DayZ if you plan it properly. This game will get boring if you always want to play the bandit if you plan on buying this game I strongly recommend to try different styles of gameplay.Well if this game got so many negative Reviews. What are the biggest problems at the moment?Development time.The biggest issue and most ironic the most easiest one to understand.DayZ has been in development for about 4 years. Thats a fact.4 Years, long time no doubt. But not for game development.Games like Dayz tend to easily take more than 5 to 10 years to be 'finished'.I mean what did you expect? 15 GB of data just popping out of the darkness?15 Billion Bytes?In like what 2 years? Completly perfect? A bug here and there all systems running healthy?I dont think I have to explain it further don't I?In my personal opinion all the hate DayZ is getting is actually not about the game itself. People are angry because they lost 30€ on something they didnt really enjoy and deeply inside they now its their own fault. Its not like anyone forced them to buy the game. Infact bohemia even says dont buy it unless you want to be part of the development.In the beginning there where youtube videos all over the place showing DayZ SA in its real and buggy state.People:Didn't read.Didn't watch.Didn't think.And thats the biggest problem with herd mentality.Everytime I think about this I have to laugh and ask what the heck did you expect?I advise you to:Read, watch and think. Educate yourself BEFORE you do something. Anyway a healthy lifestyle isnt it?Sorry for the last part, but I think this issue has to be named.Bohemia did many things worng. No doubt.But this game doesn't deserve this amount of hate.I think many people are just frustrated heck I think most of them even love the concept.But please just wait. Dont overhype!In the end you decide. All I can say is that my experiences have been really great so far.I wouldn't have spend so much time in this game if it was♥♥♥♥♥♥ I ain't no masochist.(Well in a way I am for playing a hardcore survival game :DDD )but to finish this off.Simply,Read,WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAMEThink,""Well I heard of this game, I watched some youtube clips, informed myself about the development status and the community. I like to take challenges and want to spend some time on something. Do I really want to buy this game? ""Thank you, for reading."
,Not Recommended,221100,19574637,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Zekyo,"One of those games where it had a lot of backing and popularity at first, then devs realized they actually don't have the means or skills to make this a standalone, got lazy and started swimming in money until it evaporated. Now they're just hoping everyone forgot about DayZ so they don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥on. DayZ MOD from ARMA II is a lot more polished than this version.Developers just found a way to profit off a game by tweaking a few things, giving it a new name and giving players false hope for a more polished version than the MOD."
,Not Recommended,221100,18455743,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Hans Moleman,"What a colossal f%#kup of an excuse for game development.The DayZ Standalone has progressed almost NOWHERE from its original early-access release almost two years ago.Ignore the superficial warning about paying for a game still in development - this game will never come out of development. The amount of resources spent on stupid features (character ""aging"" for example) when basic movement and controls are broken and so, so lacking, is staggering.I honestly feel like the success of the DayZ Mod was the worst thing that could have happened to the idea, the developers have completely lost sight and seem to have squandered the opportunity given to them by a HUGE playerbase and amount of support."
76561198062047386,Not Recommended,221100,17177423,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Nelly,I've been playing this heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥since it came out. DayZ was making reasonable progress and it was pretty enjoyable back when NE airfield was a thing and the rendering and♥♥♥♥♥♥was pretty solid. Now the Devs are releasing ♥♥♥♥ing pointless updates which don't actually benefit the game in any way. The combat is ♥♥♥♥ing wank people who seem to have the worst internet seem to win generally. The amount of script kiddies is unreal and the whole problem with how the Devs are aiming for realism yet in a realistic survival enviroment would you continiously jump off a bridges to get a better spawn. 4/10 ♥♥♥♥ing garbage and a waste of time.
,Recommended,221100,12495245,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Zlegoguy,Was captured by naked black men where they attempted a ritual to make me black.13.7/10 They gave up and made me drink disinfectant spray.
,Not Recommended,221100,22622028,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Captain Phillips,game is terribly optimized even at lowest settings game gets no more than 16 fps while in towns and cities
,Recommended,221100,12271272,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,That White Gold,WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME
,Recommended,221100,8130969,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Spiderfork,"""We thought this game was good enough for a VGX award, but there still wasnt enough killstreaks.""- IGN, 2013"
76561198020100303,Not Recommended,221100,12376851,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Faraday,"This is not zombie apocalypse survival game, I bought it since it is released, took me long time to review this game, well, I guess I have to say this game is completely failure. Crafting system is poor, so little things we can craft, pretty much just loot and shoot, it getting sick after few weeks, and zombies are secondary character in this game, people are more dangerous than anything, dev simply just keep adding bunch weapons and supplies or even town.You don't have to really survive, just run into random house then you got alots of food and everything, and the most thing I hate the most is people keep using this is early access game so we can not complain anything about, only thing I can say is Dayz is getting boring and filled with bunch of hackers who kills you you don't even see him, I gave this game 3.5/10NOT RECOMMEND to buying this kind of early access♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore"
76561198008726228,Not Recommended,221100,21257007,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Morodin,Never buy this game. It's a trap.
,Not Recommended,221100,22195524,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Typo,doesn't really work
76561198117453536,Not Recommended,221100,24438562,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Dyluxe,"I bought this game 2-3 years ago just as it came out (correct me if the date is wrong) and I must say I really enjoyed it. Wanted to play with my friend, but finding eachother was a challenge on its own and we needed like an hour until we were united. I love large maps and DayZ´s map is quite big and here come the ""but´s"". Lets take Arma 3 and Unturned. Both have big map´s and they have vehicles that make traveling not as long. But DayZ hasn´t really got that. They have car´s as far I know but they are rare, very rare. I stoped playing aswell because of the amount of bugs. Examples: Dying from falling of a half-a-meter edge, Zombies running at me through houses and appearing from the ground, so they no longer were Zombies anymore more like Ninja´s what made it even harder. After a year went past I started the game again to realise that it was still in the alpha (it still is to this date and probaly will until 2031) , most of the bugs weren´t fixed and still not enough vehicles. Updates that mess with your settings, like for some updates I needed an hour to fix the game again.DayZ had a bright future with a big community supporting it, but it still hasn´t got anywere until this point. If we were in 2013/14 I would give it a positive review because it was something new to the genre(big map, realistic) and very entertaining. But all the bugs, messed-up updates and no more content take the fun away. I hope for a change for the game and for the community."
76561197966014585,Not Recommended,221100,21163042,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Grimmy,We might actually experience a zombie apocalypse in real life before they add zombies to dayZ...
76561197963640539,Not Recommended,221100,15286843,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,PooPnShooT,"They've made crazy $$$ off this game already and it's not even close to being finished. Don't buy it. Spend your cash on something else, like Indie developers that have finished products."
,Not Recommended,221100,22239704,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Odin,"2,4 years in  EARLY ACCESS. The game will never be finished. The updates dont add or fix what is important, the devs only add unnecessary stuffs. The mechanics still terrible, there are so many bugs, the optimization is bad, etc.If you want a real survival game, buy Arma 3 and install Breaking Point Mod!Don't waste your money buying DayzSA."
,Not Recommended,221100,14752299,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,donuttheDoNAL,"If ever a game needed to prove that early access is a bad idea, DayZ takes that prize. This game has been in Early Access on steam for over a year now, and I have had constant glitches that result in my character either dying, taking unavoidable unfair damage, losing items, or having the game ""Not loading"" my character and resetting it...well I'm done...if you want to buy DayZ, wait for the Full Release....IF that ever happens....2/10 - Could not outrun the glitches(Also if you want a better DayZ experiance...buy the Arma 2 complete, download the mod, get all the extensions, and play that instead. It is not only more complete than this shamble, but somehow more fun as well.)EDIT: After downloading this game again at multiple points whenever I heard there was a ""large"" amount of new content, I decided to give DayZ a second chance, this overall added about maybe 10-15 hours exploring the new content added, however the added content is poor in terms of how long it took for this content to even beome available, but also in the sheer lack of♥♥♥♥♥♥there still is to do in this game. The Devs had their chance to make this game good, and they ♥♥♥♥ing failed, the main blame doesn't lie with the team that's been left to pick up the pieces, but rather Dean Hall, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that decided to ♥♥♥♥ off and climb mountains for a few months before even deciding to have the decency to update the people who had purchased the game, and then he decided to leave the Development of the game alltogether. DayZ is finally getting SOME new stuff, but it's far too late imo, the devs had their chance, and that chance is long gone, hopefully no one in 2017 is wasting their money looking into Pieces of unfinished♥♥♥♥♥♥like this, because in all honesty, this game gives Early Access a bad name, and I personally blame it for Valve taking a harsher stance on Indie Titles being brought onto steam. In my final words, ♥♥♥♥ Dean Hall, ♥♥♥♥ the fanbase that decided that what they got was good enough in the first place, and ♥♥♥♥ bohemia for not taking charge of this sooner ,when this♥♥♥♥♥♥has their name on it. Final rating that wont change is 3/10, do not buy, do not gift, and if you own it, I'm sorry for you."
,Not Recommended,221100,25152905,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Moloch,Piece of crap game with an even worse community.
,Not Recommended,221100,26497991,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,AcrobaticMoose,"Just played this for the first time in a long time. Thought I'd try out the new patch. I played for roughly 1 hour. Entered every house I saw. Only found 1 pistol and no ammo. And found 1 can of tuna.The only thing I think they've added, which benefits players, is the ability to commit suicide with a melee weapon."
,Not Recommended,221100,16914091,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,GuyTheGever,"Looks good, isnt good"
,Not Recommended,221100,22053800,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,boy1,"Had some mild fun while playing this game, but the fact that it's in ""early access alpha"" 2.5 years after release and is still over $30 is all you need to know."
,Not Recommended,221100,14637648,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,TheFriendlyCommunist~~,"Ah,  this game has given me so many feelings.Depression, suicidal ones, sadness, disgust, and on a very small occasion(0.00001% of the time) joy.If you're looking for a fun wasteland-zombie apocalypse themed game, this is not the game for you.The game is basically an unfinished team death match arena, with the addition of zombies trying to kill you by dodging walls and everything that's material, and a slightly over-scale arena, designated to burn your CPU.The community could be described as a collective record of every ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that ever existed, because most of the time you'll find either clueless new guys who ask for help, or complete numb ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that will kill you with 100 different tools.Yes, the game mostly focuses on tools to kill others rather than the survival aspect of things.If you're a man that has a job, and a life, this is not the game for you. Why? Most of the time you'll be walking around the map for a few hours(3-5 hours min. in order to get some proper gear) and then, after  you've spent so much time, some 'tard with a shovel will bash your head in as you are spawning in.Most of the places you'll find will be looted to the ground, aside from some towns nobody ever checks, because people log out at one spot, and join another server because every server knows where you last were, so all the hotspots will either be camped by people or looted by 100 people before you.Alongside all of these, there are countless bugs which include, but are not limited to; Zombies running through doors, walls, ceilings, across 500m of you in 0.5 seconds.Falling to your death from 1ft height.Breaking your ankles, chest, neck, spine and knees whilst going down the stairs!Also a notable part is, if you don't have friends who play the game, you might as well not play because it will make you depressed for sure, walking around 10h a day looking for loot and then finding a person that will kill you for your hard work? No thank you, I'd rather watch the Kardashians, ew.Not to mention that the game has been in alpha for a year, and now counting, the progress really is slow.Unless you count adding bananas, kiwis and apples to the game progress.If you don't have a high-end gaming computer with at least 8-16GB of ram and 3+ Ghz, you shouldn't even try to play. I did, I can play, but when I shoot one bullet I feel like my PC is becoming hotter than the sun and more radioactive than the nuclear reactor in Chernobyl right now!Jesus!What's the good thing?That there are some smart people who don't trust early access games and spend 20€ on them like I did.I wish I could get a refund.Sincerely, a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of 2 year fan of the game, who is now leaving it.I feel sorry for you people that still play, but if you find enjoyment in it, go ahead.EDIT:29.8.2015Decided to try again, maybe they optimized it? Updated it?Took me about half an hour to join a server only to get kicked for session lost, not even ♥♥♥♥ing kidding. This game is a bad fockin' joke."
76561197990993554,Not Recommended,221100,14154251,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,vLordChronicv,i want my money back.
,Not Recommended,221100,18855745,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,wujko,"This game is a great example how to ruin an awesome idea and waste game potential. In its current form it is definitely not worth its price. To my mind it should be an open beta... Oh, sorry. Open alpha.EDIT:As of 0.60 the game is very playable. They fixed many issues and the performance of game. Before the update I had 20-30 fps in cities such as Electro and now I have 80. Persistence works, vehicles work everything is fine and you can really enjoy long hours in the game. However, it's still alpha and although the game is complex, it should be way more developed.I still do not recommend this game to new players, but if you have some friends to play with, you may enjoy the game. The 0.60 update gave hope that this game may actually work properly sometime."
76561198148391150,Not Recommended,221100,34801737,Posted: 7 September,all,TheSkyRider,"Don't get tricked into their whole ""Beta is coming"" speel. Don't buy this game. Don't waste your money and time. This game is fundamentally broken and dead.The only reason I tollerated this game for so many hours is because of certain private servers and friends. Even those are killed by this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game."
,Not Recommended,221100,15458926,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Cherry Newport,"It's not ready yet guys. If you want DAYZ, get ArmA 2 or ArmA 3 and download the mods."
,Not Recommended,221100,18508164,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Chicane,"♥♥♥♥ing ScamPosted Oct 16, 2015Update: As of 7/24/2016As much as I hate this game with every ounce of my being, seeing as it's approaching THREE YEARS in early access, whatever magic pill the devs rolled out in the last update is a MASSIVE improvement. The game is still a look-down-at-the-floor-for-loot-simulator bore-fest, but it is optimized, feels more polished, and doesn't make me want to throw my computer out of the window every time I run it. We'll see what happens.Nonetheless, still the biggest waste of money in my library.EDIT: Second biggest waste of money, after R6: Siege."
76561198137893301,Not Recommended,221100,22580722,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,FX Gigaton,lol the awards on the side i bet they are faked
76561198024984150,Not Recommended,221100,34940702,Posted: 13 September,all,TheGreatCicero,"Game's littered with bugs, 3 years in alpha development with nowhere near the promised development cycle of the game that was intended at release... need I say more? Grab PUBG or Rust, you'll have more fun there, rather than constant desynch issues/ lag this game's infested in. 12 hours out of which spent 6 hours bugged to s**t."
76561198005418674,Not Recommended,221100,24994759,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,QMi,"♥♥♥♥ you Rocket.I didn't buy the marathon simulator, but the zombie survival gameI farmed for 5 hours, but I didn't find even a can food. ♥♥♥♥ING GAME.I want refund"
,Not Recommended,221100,25198564,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,June,3 years later and we are no closer to beta than we began. This is despite the fact that Bohemia stated in 2015 that the game would be complete in H1 2016.Do not purchase. I wish I hadn't.
,Not Recommended,221100,15368745,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Strazyplus,"has gone south since and its never going to be complete, things are just broken and incomplete."
76561198074865375,Recommended,221100,10139788,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Gubalibre,randomly banned 4 no reason thx obama
,Not Recommended,221100,21437633,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,SlimDIC,This game will be forever stuck in development hell.
76561198035385341,Not Recommended,221100,28840909,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Quack quack motherfuker?,"Once a year update, just to make things even worse.Let me tell you about the last new content.New renderer - The best thing they have ever done to this game. It made the game so graphically so much better, it runs so much better, even on low end computers, the most positive thing they have ever done to this game.PvE enemies and new looting system - SIMPLY PUT, ****** WOLVES and **** 0 LOOT near spawn. Now yea its good, amazing, new challenges, you can even eat wolves to survive. But if you play alone, oh boy. They moved all the valuable loot to north, largest amount of food can be found north in the military bases, weapons, clothes, pretty much things essential for rolling around with buddies and interacting with other people is now taken into far away north into maps end. There is literally no reason to be on the coastline, its ***** empty. AND THEY MADE GETTING NORTH WITH LATEST UPDATE 3x HARDER. 1. Cars have been temporarily removed. 2. They added wolves into forests so you cant cut your way without being fully geared and having 2+ friends with you, or you will simply be eaten to death by wolves, they even made wolves so bad that when they aggro you, you have probably no way of getting out alive when you are alone. Run into a building, they will camp the building until server restart, if you log out while wolves aggro you, you die. 3. They want to add ***** stamina so you cant run infinite. If you are lucky it takes about 45 minutes to get into north, to decent gear, WITH STAMINA, well, maybe its going to take a year. 4. If you get caught in the rain with no waterproof clothing, you will probably die of hypothermia.Seriously who the **** dies of hypothermia in summer when its raining, specially when he has been sprinting for the last 30 minutes.New sound engine. Well yea pretty good, guns sound more real, makes the game feel like more real except the fact that it pretty much ruined pvp for regular players. With the new sound engine they made suppressors so ******** ******* ********* OP. And the best part is normal regular players have it VERY VERY hard to find. SPECIALLY WHEN THIS LOOT SYSTEM IS SO BAD. And then there are DUPERS, the guys who pay 40 euros month to dupe gear. Now 6+ guys with full gear and silencers vs 2 guys who are trying to survive. You literally cant make difference between someone shooting at you, someone shooting at targets 250m away from you, or that someone is actually shooting right ***** next to you. Well in real life its quite the same way, yea more realistic, but why the ***** is it added before they havent fixed the major problems? It pretty much made the disadvantage of normal bambis 2x bigger when it comes to pvp combat. Oh and people can still glitch into ♥♥♥♥ing buildings, making them able to kill you without you knowing for about 4 years now.The good thing in this game is the adrenaline rush it gives you when meeting geared other players in this big map. But they made it so f**** hard to get to. Back in the days when it came out, all the ***** happened on the coast without you having to invest alot of time running and looting. Oh and dont ask from reddit/r/dayz if you should buy this game, just dont."
,Not Recommended,221100,18172798,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Memesterbator,"i have given this game so many chances yet it continues to baffle me. great concept but the glitches are extraordinary. recently spent 5 hours looting in the north, killing people and surviving only to die from hypothermia while next to a fire!!!! awful awful awflul"
,Not Recommended,221100,15690534,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Nyo_,"Same thing as everybody is saying. Dean is a multimillionaire scammer, the game is WORSE than it was a damn YEAR ago, game won't run smoothly even if your specs are way above the minimum, not to mention it's a forever alpha. Despite being pretty popular on Steam, stay away from this, it's way cheaper and less buggy to buy arma 2 and download the mod afterwards."
,Not Recommended,221100,19297764,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Spooky Rays,More unoptimized than Apollo 13.
76561198118613708,Not Recommended,221100,21187932,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Takyon,Only if they had steam refunds back then
,Not Recommended,221100,16263019,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Cloudy ☁,This game is pure garbage.
,Not Recommended,221100,20617663,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,TheWasabii,2 Years in and the only noticable change is the FPS has gotten even worse.
76561198085389763,Not Recommended,221100,16249154,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,pioneer,"how in the name of god can steam justify this game as ""very positive"", out of the top 50 reviews for this game 45 of them are negative, warning the possible purchaser away from this ""game"", meanwhile many of the positive ones are sarcastic and clearly a joke, this is another example to me that the steam reveiw system is broken, if all you are going to say is ""10/10 loved the beans dean"" it should not be counted as a review, why? because dayz standalone happens. be honest with yourselfs, do you really think that the 3 million people who brought this game still think this game is very positive, and still enjoy to play this mess, if so where is everyone? this game at the moment gets 8000 to 5000 players now, it used to be 40,000 players, huh, i wonder why people have stopped playing this game, yeah its a real mystery."
76561198064312642,Not Recommended,221100,22510678,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,5TEAMY-Rayvaughn,♥♥♥♥ this game killed by hackers 4 times in a ♥♥♥♥ing row three times from invisible players and one of witch was while i was streaming with a friend on youtube and the 4 is from one using the sunami grenade hack where 50 thousand ♥♥♥♥ing grenades started exploding around so ♥♥♥♥ this game not worth playing at all.
76561198057162941,Not Recommended,221100,22963707,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,I Need Healing,"Had this game since Feb 2014 and it has been uninstalled most of that time since. I recently was told that they optimized the game and that it was actually now ""playable"". Sure my max fps reached a little higher than before but the overall experience was still way to buggy and inconsistent to be considered ""playable"". Until these problems such as breaking a leg while standing still, spraining an ankle while crouching and fps lag within cities, are fixed, I would not recommend this game to anyone in it's current state. The fact that I invested money in this game and have still seen no return from it after over 2 years, is disappointing to me. 0/10, probably wont be playing again."
76561197989360121,Not Recommended,221100,14664952,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,GoodBoyGoneBaaaad,This game has a lot of potential but in its current state is not worth the price. Other reviews cover the pros and  cons very well.
,Not Recommended,221100,18757127,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Joseplh,DO NOT RAISE THE PRICE BEFORE A DISCOUNT TO FOOL CONSUMERS.  THIS IS ANTI-CONSUMER AND IN SOME PLACES ILLEGAL.
,Recommended,221100,9784374,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Hart,"Why does everybody insist on doing weird stuff to me while I try to play this game?And why can it never be a grown man that does it? Why is it always some prepubescent cretin with a terrible mic who tells me to kneel in front of their crotch and move my mouse back and forth so it looks like i'm fellating them? Not only do I feel like a goofus for getting caught, but now I just feel like an actual real-life creep for virtually performing oral sex on a minor.I just sit there thinking ""This is my life. THIS, is what I am doing with my life right now."" So then I become sad. Start thinking about life choices, and what I probably should be doing instead. Inevitably you stew in personal disappointment, because no one ever has positive moments of introspection or self-analysis. No one ever looks in the mirror and says ""You know what, you're pretty good."" Why not? Because from lies come the waterworks. With unparalleled immediacy. Standing there, crying all over the place. Watching intently like you're some sort of circus act, because such a display of pure human emotion is so alien to you, that the only way you know how to respond to it is with scorn and condemnation. If the capacity to hate others were the depth of the ocean, then the counterpart which is directed at yourself would make the Marianas Trench look like a newely formed puddle.But, you know, meanwhile there is just this goddamn kid who has no idea that he just caused a life-changing existential crisis to a stranger over the internet, of whom he decided to rob and sexually assault. So he'll just keep on keepin on, until a decade from now when life decides to take a dump on his chest while he's the one trying to relax, and play a game in a world where he gets to be somebody that matters.DayZ made me feel again. 10/10."
76561198011765845,Not Recommended,221100,15780813,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,[GGL]trickkynickk,"Devs are bad, raised the price of the game to make it ""15% off!"" for halloween.games just a money grab i played the mod so i though this would be great i was dead wrong.do not buy, use that $30 to get yourself something nice*edit* they did the same ""15% off"" for thanksgiving, thought id let you guys know its still full price"
,Not Recommended,221100,18568082,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Liam Neeson,"0/10 Will never play again. No idea how it has 30+ hours on record for me, because there's no way in hell that I played this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for more than 10 seconds before it gave me brain cancer.-This is a game about walking around nearly identical towns, where the houses have identical interiors wit almost no loot inside, and the loot you do get is bound to be something stupid like a can of sardines. If you search for around 30 hours you may find something interesting like a backpack (riveting, I know). The interiors of buildings are barren and mostly filled with doors, cupboards, beds, sinks, fireplaces, all of which are poorly rendered and serve no purpose. Any items found will randomly spawned on the floor of buildings. There are basically zero zombies in the game, and their AI is stuck on the commodore 64 setting. Oh, and good luck getting this game to run on more than 20fps, because the optomization for this is SICKENINGLY♥♥♥♥♥♥POOR. You will not be able to see this on high graphics, but that's probably for the best.-If you find other people they WILL shoot you. This is a simple fact, and people resort to this because THERE IS NOTHING TO DO IN THE GAME. You will likely just starve to death because your character has severe IBS and food cannot sutain him for more than 30 seconds. You will spawn, run around getting some loot, it's always raining so you'll probably get wet and freeze to death, and if you are very resourceful and patient you will survive so you can find other players and kill them. That's it. The whole game.-It's just the fact that there is nothing to do that really gets me. And how everything is boring and identical. The most interesting thing in buildings is the massive quantity of doors that don't open, most things are just props that serve no purpose. And ""oh it's an alpha, so it'll improve"" NO that was faaaaar too long ago to hold onto that glimmer of hope, it is the exact same as when it was released. Oh and it costs $35.00............. for nothing-THIS IS A SCAM developers ran with the money when first released and have made 0 improvements and have no plans to in the future-Oh wait gaizzzz! They added this AWESOME NEW FEATURE!!!         you can farm.  I just KNEWWWW there was something missing in the game, and FARMING! HOW DID THEY KNOW???!!!!?? Dreams really do ♥♥♥♥in come true 10101/10 will play for rest of eternity GAME OF THE YEAR-How add some variety to the landscape/houses and make it possible to intereact with the environment a little. Put some wildlife in, make the environment believable at least. HINT- humans don't live in barren houses with cabinets and doors that don't open with no food or water in the house. WHat am I trying to survive from? There are no enemies so shouldnt I be able to go inside a house, turn on the heat, make a sandwich and get some water out of the sink? THERE WAS NO EFFORT PUT INTO THIS GAME BY THE DEVELOPERS AND THEY SHOULD BE ASHAMED TO CALL THIS A GAME, AND EVEN MORE ASHAMED TO SELL IT FOR $35.-TL;DR- BORING, POORLY DESIGNED, OVERPRICED, SERVERS ARE GARBAGE, NO ZOMBIES, NO ENEMIES, POOR MECHANICS, RUNS AT 20FPS. DO NOT BUY, THERE HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE ANY FUTURE IMPROVEMENTS TO THIS GAME, GET ANITHER SURVIVAL GAME THAT ACTUALLY WORKS CORRECTLY AND IS FUN."
76561197985750431,Not Recommended,221100,20227634,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Happy Guy Looking Ass,"What a cluster ♥♥♥♥ failure of a game.  I can't believe they are still selling this♥♥♥♥♥♥  Find a different survival game if that's what you wanna play, this game is never gonna get finished.  Instead of making the game playable the devs just want to put more pants in the game, kinda shows where their priorities are.  DON'T BUY THIS HUNK OF♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197964329762,Not Recommended,221100,17673882,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,d0tplanet,"DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. BROKEN. CRAP.Nothing works in this game. Every patch has new problems and more USELESS items like shovels and seeds.The devs of this game are laughing their way to the BANK!I fell for the trap , heed my warning.DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. BROKEN. CRAP."
,Recommended,221100,8560516,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mr.Quiggles,The best running around for an extended period of time to be murdered for various food and misc items simulator.10/10
76561198016459239,Not Recommended,221100,17637267,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Hisoka44,"If you're thinking on buying the game, DONT. Dayz has been in alpha for several years now, it started with a mod and then became an independant game. It has been garbage from the start. Why? Because it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Doesnt even matter what pc you have, will most likely run like♥♥♥♥♥♥It has a LOT of bugs, A LOT. The devs update ONCE IN A WHILE, and if i'd have to say one more thing.... they will never ever ever ever, improve the performance.It is really hard, not to say impossible to contact Dayz Staff, if there is any. I sent my specs even though i meet everything and more yet i have never recieved a response from them.Dayz is a death trap. DONT BUY.EDIT*********7 months have passed since my review. I had DayZ uninstalled. Today i tried it once more and you know what? game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ I even bought msi gtx 980 4gb, still get the 20 fps.This game is dead for me."
,Not Recommended,221100,15715052,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Patrick Bateman,"Well, I must say, when I bought this game (like a year ago) I only thought that it could get better... and it did. The Devs added in new items that appealed to me. But now... as people have said before, I never thought that Devs could ruin a possibly fantastic game. Of course, I'm not hating on DayZ, I like it, but not as much as I did before the recent update. Lets get movement out of the way first...Ho-ly sh*t... I never thought that a game could be as badly optimized as DayZ is, and this has been a problem for me since day 1. Jesus, the movment is just.. awful. It isn't smooth and it is annoying to use. For example, you want to crouch? Okay just press your assigned Crouch button like 10 times before you finally crouch. You want to stand back up? F*ck you. - from game...Anyway, moving on to the worst part about DayZ, the zombies, ironically. My God, the zombies in the old update were dumb and predictable. Predictable meaning you could actually see when and/or what attacks they're about to do, which was an okay mechanic I guess, well it would be if the melee system didn't suck d*ck.To continue, in the latest update of DayZ, were the zombies made smarter, or maybe some variety in their attacks?? F*CK NO. The zombies are still dumber than ever, and this time they were updated to be faster in their attacks, literally spamming move after move making your little new-spawn self sh*t his/her pants.I'm not joking when I say this, the zombies beat the SH*T out of you, they show no mercy. You want to run away? NOPE, they'll just follow you to the end of the map and back. What was that? You can go in a building and close the door? With the way the crap game controls, good luck with that, not to mention the zombies somehow hit you through the walls and doors. Another thing, you could be at least 3 or 4 metres away from a zombie, and somehow they still hit you.Those were the cons... of the new update I guess?The Pros of the whole game?Finding good loot...Finding a car/truck now... UhmmYou can.. shoot people I guessF*ck it, over the time is has taken me to write this sh*t review, I've grown to loathe the game.Coming to PS4? God help PS4 users."
76561198047797667,Not Recommended,221100,17225115,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,OneSneakyBastid_Few,"2 years+ in development still and non =e of the core problems plaguing the game have been fixed. Zombies are still buggy, you still fall through floors in some buildings, melee detection is still crap, desync is horrid, hackers abroad, glitchy inventory, and bad performance on any system. This game feels exactly like it did when it was first released, old. That's right, feels like you're playing a 10 year old game made by some garbage company who had no idea what they were doing."
76561197974642134,Not Recommended,221100,16873837,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,CaiNe,The absolute worst example of early access on steam. The game will never release and they are peacing with the 100million+ they got off everyone being so hyped. Stay clear
76561198115219111,Not Recommended,221100,16036813,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Frank Underwood,"To begin with, i do not recommend this game to anyone that expected to play a co-op game, because this is not a co-op game at all. i played this game about 100 hours, and i draw the conclusion, that this game is just a shooter like CS:GO, due to its monotonous and boring community, that has no other choice as to shoot everything on sight. Why do most of the people shoot everything on sight? Because the game does not grant another motivation. The Zombies are a mess, the hitbox is extremely inaccurate, thus zombies hit you even when they are miles away. Moreover, these problems were known eons ago, but the developers decided to implement new weapons and other stuff, instead of caring about the crucial problems of this game: the lack of working game-mechanics.Furthermore, the performance en bloc is nearly playable, although i have a high-end PC, I am barely able to play this game without delays, and the graphics of the game are not over the top and sometimes they look very old. In addition, it seems that the developers abuse this game as a cash-cow, because its nearly two years in 'early access', and the whole game has not change at all. Sadly, the developers demand much for hardly new content, i had a break about a year and the game does look the same.In summary, if you wanted a co-op experience based on teamwork, then do not buy this game, because it is not what it pretended to be."
,Recommended,221100,10522767,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Pies,Got naked with 5 people and started screaming world star as we punched each other in the head. Last person alive won Michael Jacksons gloves. 11/10 would Bang again.
,Not Recommended,221100,17361114,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Erico,"DO NOT  BUY.This game is a joke. They picked a good idea and fooled us into believe there would be major improvements. While it is just stuck in a limbo.Please, don't go through this headache."
76561198046733529,Not Recommended,221100,16607773,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Moonman,Extrememly buggy but at least the developers know fashion is important and include a variety of shirts and pants. Each patch adds a new variety of clothing so you can look good as you glitch through walls and fall off ladders and our attacked by invisible zombies.
,Not Recommended,221100,17734804,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Doobie,"Even with so many hours in the game, I can only recommend it if you're either a diehard mod fan or you'll be playing with friends. There's fun to be found here, it's just buried deep inside a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,18898809,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Durka Durka Jihad,"Bouht this game when it first came out it has not only taken a step back,  it isnt even a zombie game anymore.  Theres literally no zombies right now.  Running simulator was a joke before, and now its fact.  They messed up the loot, they havent got nearly as far as promised (please reference their roadmap from the first few months of the game).  When i say nearly, i mean not even close.  If this were ANY other game (I.E. h1z1, ark, etc.) and the MAIN ai compoment that makes the game what it is, a zombie survival game was missing.  It wouldnt take weeks, for that patch, it would be fixed in days.  tops.  Please Do not give bohemia anymore money.  they DO not deserve it and should be downright ashamed."
,Not Recommended,221100,21166212,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,THEMIGHTYJENS,This game was a waste of money for me. It still has yet to live up to the hype and is extremly buggy.
,Not Recommended,221100,21064804,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,☆☜ Pigeon ☞☆,Go buy csgo skins.
76561198337803256,Not Recommended,221100,30230560,Posted: 27 February,all,Video Online champion,"This is ok game but too many bugs and hackers, however Brian Hicks should not keep cosumeing drug it is just making his life sucks and his dayz team suck ball too!"
,Not Recommended,221100,14285342,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,killbot5555678,"So.. Dayz its a survival game and open world these tags are normally really cool but in this case there is alot of problems such as (Zombies run though buildings most of the time,When your on a high hill theres a chance your player will break his/her leg....When you take your gun from your hands and put it into your inventory sometimes it pops back out into your hands again then in your inventory this happends next to never,Sometimes you can be in a building and be looting upstairs and all the sudden your in pain and bleeding and its showing motion like your being hit by zombie well if you look through a window down to the steets or grass land seven times out of ten you ar getting hit by a zombie or zombies that ar down there) and thats just a few main glitches,bugs and so on but as it says its in ALPHA but it has been in this state for two year or so maybe more... so if your going to get this game make sure your ready for many bugs as i said but this game isnt all bad it has some really instesting bits to it but for now i recommend you keep your 38$ for when its finished or gets way better!UPDATE!!!░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Dayz▄░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░"
,Recommended,221100,12274693,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Death666Saint,"Dayz is a post-apocalyptic infection (""zombie"") simulator MMO. Unlike other MMO's the objective is not to get a high k/d ratio or rank your character up by gaining xp. Instead, it's all about the experiences. You can camp, hunt, fish, craft items, scavenge, and so much more - all with other players or solo. You can also handcuff players, break their bones, poison them, lock them in a room, bag their head, and force feed them (which is great when you find rotten food or disinfectant spray). It shows you how savage humans really are. How savage you really areThere are hundreds of bugs, glitches, and hours of just hiking through forests, yet I still come back for more. Why? Because it lets you experience unscripted adventures other games can't come close to providing. From torturous horror survival to scavenging with friends to clan wars. All very unpredictableLootYou must find many items to survive in Dayz including clothing, backpacks, melee weapons, guns/ projectiles, ammo, gun attachments, food, and water. All of these items are randomly generated in different areas and are in random conditions (pristine, damaged, ruined)You can craft many items from loot such as clothes, tools, and weapons by combining or destroying loot you find.Once you start to memorize landmarks looting gets a lot easier. Knowing Russian will greatly benefit you because town and city names are in RussianPlayersOther than scavenging for loot the only other way of getting it is to find someone else who has the loot you want. You can either befriend them or attempt to rob them by killing or threatening them. This is where the fun of Dayz really sets in. People are very unpredictable and you never know what ""adventures"" they're going to take you on. You'll interact with 5 different kinds of players: Kill On Sight (KOS), Back Stabbing, Clan, Friendly, and Server Bouncing players*KOS: Players who kill anyone they come in contact with. If they see you, no matter how far you are from them, they open fire or swing at you - even if you have no loot*Back Stabbing: Players who act friendly at first but eventually rob and/ or kill you. They'll get you to trust them by sharing supplies, saying they're friendly, or accept your offer of a truce. Once your guard is down they'll cripple you, knock you out, handcuff you, kill you, or threaten you for your supplies. Sometimes they will even keep you as a slave*Clan: These players are either playing with their friends or found a clan that accepted them into their group. They normally travel in groups but may have a scout travel a clique in front of them. Scouts may not tell you their group is on their way and may try to stall you while their comrades catch up. Clans intentions are always different; they may be friendly, murderous thieves, trigger happy killers, kidnappers, or thieves with nonlethal intentions. In your adventures in Dayz you may find yourself in the crossfire between clans, be offered to join a group, or become one of their slaves*Friendly: Don't shoot or threaten you right away. Some may aim at you and tell you not to move, but only until they've made sure you're not going to kill them. They may share their supplies with you, tell you where more supplies are at, invite you to join their group, or join you for an adventure*Server Bouncing: These players are mostly just for the loot. Unlike most players they don't stay on one server for long. Once they find a good location and take all the loot they want from it they will quit out of that server and join a new one to loot from that same area. They will quit the game if they feel threatened - which really sucks if you are like me and like to mess with other players (read the last paragraph)ZombiesThe zombies are very buggy but used to be a lot worse. They used to run right through walls and doors which quickly made Dayz very frustrating. Now you can lock them in rooms.The best way to deal with them is to either use an ax or a gun; most of the time it takes one hit of an ax or one well placed gunshot to kill them.Note: They are a little OP compared to players.VehiclesOnly one so far but it already has made the game so much better. Traveling no longer takes hours!Maintenance is still being implemented but when they're completed you'll have to fix them up, find missing or busted parts, and fill them up with gas every so oftenMapVery large with many towns, cities, airfields, military bases, and forests. Nicely populated. Vehicles make great use of its sizeFriends, Spawning, and RespawningDayz is one of the most fun games to play with your friends - if you can find them. This game is meant to be realistic and that means not being able to choose where you spawn. You will spawn in random locations and so will your friends. You cannot just join a friends game and spawn next to them, you must find them.Another flaw is that you can only respawn if your character goes unconscious or dies. That means if you break your leg you will have to find someone to help or kill you, craft a splint to fix it, get up high to fall to your death, or you can wait until you die of starvation, dehydration, or hypothermia. It also sucks when your character is not healthy, whether it's from starving, bleeding, hypothermia, or poison, because the screen will start to lose color which makes it very depressing, and it takes quite a while to get ""colorfully healthy"" againNote: Servers restart every so many hours and when they do you lose connection and must rejoin a game. Joining a new server has a 60 second count down, and respawning after dying has a 30 second count downGraphics/ PerformanceHas a decent amount of settings. Despite how great this game looks it can a b!tch to run smooth enough to play. I have to play in 1600x900 resolution, tweak its cfg file, and use a few commands or it has too low of a framerate (avg of 15-40fps w/out fixes, 30-55fps with) and that's with an nvidia 780 3gb gpu, 16gbs ram, i5 3.0Ghz cpu, and with it installed on an SSDControlsThe controls are great. Beginners may feel overwhelmed at first because there are so many actions to memorize, but every one of them is useful. Hold Alt to look around with only your head, hold right click to zoom in, tap to look down sights; tab is inventory, and space is to bring up your weapon or lower it. F keys are for hand gestures and sitting downCombatMelee could use some work (bad desync) but gunplay is amazing. Sniping is very satisfying because there is bullet drop. There is also anatomic targeting which means where you hit players matter. Head and chest shots kill or knock out. Limb breaks bones and can knock outUpdatesDayz updates quite frequently and the dev's blog daily about progress of new content including clothing, weapons, zombies, animals, landmarks, loot, animations, weather, and much moreMy Best Rounds*Looting a house when someone snuck up behind me and said ""don't move or you're dead"". I didn't move and he handcuffed me. He went on to force feed me rotten apples, then beat me with a bat. My leg broke and he unhandcuffed me to watch me crawl around until he got bored. Beat me unconscious, then shot me dead*I spotted some poor sonuvab!tch running through the mountains and got a shot at his leg. He went down but stayed conscious and tried shooting me with his pistol. My leg got hit and I went unconscious. When I woke I saw him crawling towards me. I pulled out my pistol but miss with my only shot. He took aim and nails my face*Scavenged an airfield at night. Opened the jail building and there were 8 guys (four kneeling, four standing behind them) all armed with rifles aimed at me. Next 3 hours went like this: handcuffs, bagged head, beatings, broken bones, force feeding, poisoning, bullet wounds, knock out, patch up, repeat"
,Not Recommended,221100,8588964,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dan Murphy,"Like walking around a huge open world, scavenging for items in every house/building, and finding out there is nothing but rotten fruit? well for $30 you can enjoy that feeling and much more with upcoming updates."
,Recommended,221100,15742250,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Herbalremedean,ive been killed by more bugs then zombies
,Not Recommended,221100,21680400,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,CallMeDak,"Game is still broken years after initially purchasing it. Not much else to say. Some of my most fun video game experiences have been on this game but it just gets worse and worse. I would not recommend anyone buying this game until it is finished, which will likely be never."
,Not Recommended,221100,21252287,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Physics,"Still can't believe I gave these jokers my money in good faith that they will put it into development.You know, the same development we haven't seen in years from these people.I can't write more in this review, because there is literally nothing to review."
76561198024945933,Not Recommended,221100,11682507,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Colonel Kurtz,"Probably one of the most interesting games of the decade, but unfortunately developed by a pair of unprofessional & unscrupulous attention seeking incompetents.Left the game for 8 months and came back to check the ""progresses"". Unfortunately it became even worse. An astonishing pile of crap. The game was much better when it was released,years ago. Verdict:Absolutely shameful."
76561198018450069,Not Recommended,221100,28394507,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,quikjean,"More them 3 years later still in Early Access? 3 YEARS? Do you think I recommend it?This is WORSE example for me from Early Access program. They are playing with our money and they give a bad reputation to everything that came by Early Access. What do they need more to deliver us a final product? Steam should have rules not only for Early Access time but also to defend players in dissatisfaction with never getting the final product after years of waiting.Yes, I know I'm just complain and not talking much about the game. But what do I need to say?Last time I play the servers are ""laggy"" and broken, the game engine are broken. God dammit, it's a zombie game and you almost don't see a zombie at all. It really bad walking around 10 or 15 minutes without seeing anything or anyone just listening to our footsteps and birds (I not even remember if they have already bird sounds on the game). The game seems more a walking simulator to me that a zombie game.Honestly I don't recommend it. I seen a lot of videos on YouTube about the game, before I buy it, and I was convinced. But when I play it I dislike it in more them one aspect."
,Recommended,221100,15849319,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Clover,So much potential snorted through a rolled dollar note.
76561198091328447,Not Recommended,221100,15115473,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Firefox,Please don't buy this game until beta because this is still very glitchy they need functionality befor content.
76561198071502286,Not Recommended,221100,18451287,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,simahawk,A fantastic mod turned money grab. Still can't even make a decent zombie. I'm done with this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,13333811,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Indigo Viking,"Here is my honest review of DayZ Standalone.My hardware:AMD FX 8320 Black Edition OctoCore OC'd to 3.76GhzDiamond Radeon HD 7970 3GB DDR5 OC'd to 1200Mhz Core Clock/1600Mhz Memory Clock8GB Corsair Vengence 2000Mhz RAM (2x4GB)MSI 970A-G46 MotherboardCooler Master Seidon M120 Liquid CPU CoolerHow The Game Plays:Even with my machine, which I can run any game I've ever played at max setting with a stable 60FPS or more, this game runs so incredibly poorly it makes me motion sickness. The screen tears and lags constantly, even with the game on the lowest settings, it makes no difference. This, is a sign of poor development within the engine when they rebuilt it. The engine is quite terrible, it is so terrible, that even after a year, the DayZ developement team has yet to fix the fact that zombies can glitch through walls, become invisible, hit you from 20m away, and can even aggro to you from over 1000m away.You cannot run from zombies, don't bother running into houses or buildings to try and close the door behind you, because they will just run through the door or the wall and still get to you. Makes no difference. You have no safe place. The game is glitchy to the point you will try and drink water, and it will get stuck and nothing will happen. You will try and pick up an item, in my case I tried picking up ammo for a gun that I had just found, spent 20 minutes running from zombies trying to find ammo for this gun, well I found the ammo and the zombies glitch hit me through the floor and killed me. Had the item gone in my inventory I could have dashed past them and loaded my gun and killed them. Though, the game is so incredibly broken that it makes it impossible to so the simplest tasks.Why didn't I just melee the zombies? You are probably asking. The melee in this game is so horrible you will punch yourself in the face. The melee is so hard, so glitchy, it is almost impossible. You will dodge a zombies and be 15m away, and you see him swing and somehow, someway, he hits you. You can't get close to zombies at all, or you will get glitch hit and start bleeding out.The engine is so poorly designed, it makes me think they rushed to rebuild an engine for the sole fact of releasing a DayZ standalone alpha, so they can scam 2 million people or more of their money. This game has been out for quite a while. Sadly no matter what they do to this game it will not be fixed until they fix the engine. Sunlight can go through walls, zombies can go through walls. It'll make you cringe. The game does not run smoothly whatsoever, it's just too sluggish and poorly managed.If you don't believe me, buy the game for the raised price tag of $34.99, which is absolutely ridiculous for a game in it's current state. By no means is this game worth $34.99.I understand that this game is in Alpha, however it has been in Alpha for so long, and key issues have not been addressed. The point of an alpha, is to address bugs and issues to better the game so that is can become a finished product, a finished, playable product. Except, the developement team behind this is NOT doing that. They are not suporting the game, and for a team of over 200 people, this is absolutely pathetic. Do you really think players are interested in cannabalism, as opposed to fixing the zombies glitching through walls? Do you really think adding items in the game that have absolutely no use currently, instead of fixing CORE engine problems?This developement team has their heads up their arses, I tell you. They have made millions off this Alpha alone, it is simply unacceptable how little they have done. You can report the bugs and issues, as you should do participating in the alpha, but they don't take initiative to fix anything. If they truly were going to release this game, they would be eager to fix these core problems, but they haven't, and they aren't.The community:The players in this game are some of the worst. Players always shoot on site, even if you're unarmed. It is just a deathmatch. Back in the day, you would hold someone up, press F2 and surrender, get handcuffed, and let go. Now, everyone is a coward, and shoots every player on sight. People don't get the system that is in place in this game neither. I've been well geared, just once, and I was shot in the back multiple times with a shotgun.I had a backpack full of pristine items, that I had spent hours upon hours gathering. Only to get shot in the back. The players are so nubish, they don't know that when you shoot a player, you can damage their gear depending on where you shoot them. This guy destroyed everything in my backpack, every pristine item, and for what? He didn't kill me to loot me, cause he is now looting the damaged stuff that he shot, that I worked hard to gather, all because he was a coward and shot someone in the back.This is what you will encounter in this game, time and time again. The players are more of a threat than the zombies, the zombies are nothing in this game besides a big glitchy mess.The game has so many things right with it, but even more things wrong with it. The players need to stop being psychopathic maniacs and shooting everyone they see on site like cowards. The player interaction is one of the best things, or what USED to be one of the best things about this game. Though it has really lost it's touch and the game is full of people who don't understand it and want to treat it like a call of duty kill-as-many-people-as-you-can game.I will continue to play this game from time to time, and post videos of all the glitches that are in this game, maybe now that rocket is gone, things will be different. Though, they have not announced that the engine will be rebuilt. Which, if this game is to be successful, it NEEDS to be done.You are better off playing the DayZ mod with ARMAII, along with the other free mods like Epoch etc. They will give you the experience you want from this game, and it is already there.This game is a poorly managed alpha with developers that refuse to fix key issues. If the developers were more proactive about fixing things, my review would be different. They aren't, though, and until they prove me wrong I would not recommend getting into this alpha.Be warned, Buy the alpha if you want, but, I will say ""I told you so!""3/10 for the game0/10 for the developers"
,Not Recommended,221100,17511641,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Asleaicul,"I purchased the game to support the Development. I played it with some friends and it was quite funny in the beggining, even though most zombies got stucked everywhere, it was impossible to kill some of them etc.BUT it's been like 2 years, and it's still in Alpha... As some others say, it's almost a Scam. I work in the videogame industry, and this is really unacceptable. And the reason is simply: they already have the money, even with the unfinished game. So why would they finish it? They label it as Alpha, and act as if it was a full game but broken. They release patches, and patches, and patches... And it will never be finished.I'd ask for my money back if possible."
,Not Recommended,221100,22159511,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,mntravis,"After not playing this game for two years, I can confirm that they have added the one and only thing I have been waiting for all this time...Yellow hiking boots.I had the choice of either going to the store to buy myself a nice pair of yellow hiking boots, or buy this game, and so I bought this game in good faith.2 years it's been since that day, and I can now say with no regrets... it was worth it."
,Not Recommended,221100,21836820,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ed,"Played long enough to not be eligable for a refund, couldnt find a single zombie in 10 different servers♥♥♥♥ me"
76561198022740536,Not Recommended,221100,16471728,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,FCC007,Don't buy it.
76561198132744038,Not Recommended,221100,19538838,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,The Last Crumpet,"Not sure what happened to DayZ. Instead of focusing on all of the horrible bugs and poor optimization the developers have decided that adding armbands and pink dresses is more important. 2 years in alpha is embarrassing, poor effort from the developers.PLAY DAYZ MOD"
76561197985185633,Not Recommended,221100,21912991,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,``Biscuit,"Re-logged after a 1 year break, surely it will have gotten better by now right? NO. Arguably the worst game every created. Nothing worse than terrible Devs not paying attention to what people want. Dont waste your money for the love of god. I spawned and couldnt kill myself because I couldnt find a weapon sharp enough to do so in 20 minutes or any ammunition. I just longed for sweet death to take me but I was forced to run along a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ road until I could find something tall enough to jump off of, 3 tries later and amazingly enough I didnt die. Uninstalling and never playing agian. Whoever created this game I hope in 5 years your body is running as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as this game and you die."
76561198143095466,Not Recommended,221100,23279610,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,tylerq1112,3 years of alpha testing to get end up with a half finished game that i could barely help but play every so often to see what was added and most of the time i found it to be right where it was when i left it. Come to find out the creator has moved on to some minecraft graphics freakin tower defense game while we finally get a new renderer that was spoken of waaaaay back when the stand-alone launched and let alone the fact that the last two updates were released 5 months apart. That might be acceptable from a dev with a fully put together game or maybe that has not been in developmental hell for 3 years but not the case here. IF this game were better supported by a team of competent devs i could recommend it because when the mod was conceived on a fully put together game it worked nicely and still does. bottomline play the mod don't worry about this dev team because they have more blockey aspirations than what was originally promised.
,Not Recommended,221100,17080028,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,That_2nd_Guy,The Dayz devs have set out on a mission to make the worst game possible. They are slowly accomplishing that goal.
76561198058290834,Recommended,221100,11191173,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,The High Camel™,"Went to a the new city, climbed the tallest building there pulled out my gun for a screenshot..fell through the building..died friends laughed at me for 2 mins spawned back ran 15 mins back got my stuff killed all my friends. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,17732030,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,oogieW,"I wrote my last review for this game a month and a year ago.I said it had potential.My statment still stands.It has potential that will never be touched ever ♥♥♥♥ing again.The devs are lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who can't develop♥♥♥♥♥♥ agar io is more ♥♥♥♥ing developed than this game.The game runs like TOTAL♥♥♥♥♥♥Its so ♥♥♥♥ing buggySo many ♥♥♥♥ing hackersIf you want a better game save yourself the struggle and buy h1z1.DayZ will NEVER be finished, and i stand by this."
,Not Recommended,221100,25690130,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,HK,"Garbage, Do Not Buy!The game is not optimized well enough to be considered a good game. I think the developers need to understand what that word means so, here's the definition for them.op·ti·mizeˈäptəˌmīz/verbverb:make the best or most effective use of (a situation, opportunity, or resource).Computingrearrange or rewrite (data, software, etc.) to improve efficiency of retrieval or processing.If you don't want to read, so what, If you don't care about my opinion, too bad. I'm still trying to get this game to function like a game. I'm a consumer and have the right to post my say about anything I purchase whether is works for me or, not. If it works for you, good! Your money was well spent and I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ who you are, I bet you have issues with the game as I do. So, I'm entitled to my own opinion as a consumer.Agree to disagree, I don't ♥♥♥♥ing care.Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,OverheatingHyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,Overheating,Hyperthermia,or...,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off,I'm overheating,I'm rapidly cooling off...,and/or, this,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing,I have not found a thing......Oh fkng hell, I found something! Lucky fkng me!The game is nothing but a headache. Yeah, I have 250+ hours in the game, it's not been easy or, all that much fun. Taking a lot of screenshots is about all...once I got the game running fair enough to play but, in all that time, I've constantly suffered from the above OVER & OVER, AGAIN & AGAIN and just this morning on, 10/28/16, I log in after logging out in a DRY/SAFE place, it's still raining as when I left the game 11 hours prior to logging out.So, I wait a few minutes, it stops raining. I exit the area I was at, then suddenly, I'm fkng DAMP!, Less than 2 minutes later, before I even get anywhere, I'M SUFFERING FROM HYPERTHERMIA, AGAIN!!! I spent half my day, nearly all day yesterday, trying to overcome, OVERHEATING! NOW, THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!If I could get a refund, would I? You're goddamned right I would. And guess what? It's already raining again!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------It's now, 11:39AM EST, same date and I updated this 4 1/2 hours ago and it's still ♥♥♥♥ing raining!"
76561198070894525,Not Recommended,221100,17517038,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,I hate Myself.,WASTE OF MONEY
,Recommended,221100,8585605,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Fence Jumper,My mom keeps asking me why I yell friendly! 10/rotten kiwi
,Not Recommended,221100,20885968,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Exordium,"Ok, let's be honest here.This game is absolute garbage right now, the performance sucks♥♥♥♥♥ the players are pure cancer and the devs don't seem to give a flying f*ck. We get 1 update every 3/4 months to add some useless crap and more bugs. If you think about buying it wait until the full release in 2073"
76561198134367518,Not Recommended,221100,22708817,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Power Puff Panda,Low FPS!Hackers all round!I ony play it because of the people i met in the game. But slowly and surely I will get all of them to play exile.7/10 was my rating when i got this game.1/10 is my rating after investing over 1K hours into the game!It's been years and I've expected a fully functional game by now.That's not too much to ask for.T_T
,Not Recommended,221100,16564597,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,MDMAngel,"spawn on beachuse my instincts to find the closest townloot the buildingsfind a bananaeat bananarun in the woods praying to find another townnever find another towndie from starvationmoral of the storyrationalize your banana, you'll find more bananas than zombies, i promise you that."
,Recommended,221100,13494965,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,metal boy,"Met a 12 year old, made him eat his mate and wash down with bleach, 9/10 would slaughter prepubescent again"
,Not Recommended,221100,26370130,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,⚡JihadiJoe⚡,"Ive bought this game late 2013.Till now it is still in Early Access... They planned to release a Beta build around mid october this year, its already the beginning of November.I also have learned that BI has released 2 new projects .. Seriously BI.. work on finishing DayZ first!!Make BI Great again, stop being cash grabbing idiots.."
,Not Recommended,221100,19610326,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,SanityGamingUK,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW=============IF YOU SCROLL DOWN THE STEAM PAGE THERE IS A FLAG ON THE RIGHT SIDE, REPORT THE GAME AS BROKEN TO HAVE THE GAME PULLED FROM STEAM FOR REFUNDS!!!! THIS WILL GET THE GAME SORTEDDon't buy, game been out for 2 years now and it's still in same stage as when released don't listen to the updates all the updates are rubbish and barely do anything they make it seem like they add a lot new stuff they don't, barely any zombies even cherno has like 1-5 zombies in it... Yeah not joking go watch a video...no Zombies what so ever can run around like a &#9829;&#9829;&#9829;&#9829;&#9829;&#9829;------------------------------As some people maybe aware of the new law that's now in place "" Consumer contracts for goods, digital content and services""You can now request a full refund on the game no matter how long you've played it, as this game has been out for almost 5 years, loads bugs, barely any updates, few of the people from original development team QUIT"" and slow beyond repair updates, launch command prompts taken away and more... And personally having to result to the player having to fix there dayz ini files and such to get game good fps... By law because of this you can request a refund!!!I've gone a head and already got refunds on 2 steam games I already owned, because of this amazing law..The reason for this also is, because as you people maybe aware, when buying games from steam you don't own your steam games, not 100% your actually borrowing being lent the games.... Not keeping them please result to the TOS or TOAhttp://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreementhttp://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2941215That's all , Have a nice day.--------------This is only for people that are fed up of waiting 4-5 years for game to actually do anything, there's been barely any noticeable actually physical hard core changes since games alpha release, just minor noticeable ones.Also it's no longer 2 hours return it's 30 days!!!!!!!! And longer if seen fit upto years."
,Not Recommended,221100,13927256,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Bubba,"I have played this game so much mostly when it was first on EA along with the mod and as much as i like the concept, the updates are just not being pushed out enough or focusing on the right aspects of the game at this moment its been a year in EA. They have raised the price because they added one vehicle that noone can find? They are just hurting the buisness model of early access at this point"
,Not Recommended,221100,22600152,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,JachPot,"Broken. Just plain broken. ""Progress"" has only made the game worse and instead of fixing fundamental things like zombie pathing they're adding weapon mods and skins. I've been playing since arma 2 mod and it hurts my soul that the game is in this state."
,Not Recommended,221100,15114927,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Venom,"Awful movement + combat, like a game made in 1992.Pile of unplayable♥♥♥♥♥♥I understand the game is early access, but come on - it's been so for a while now.They should have at least finalized the movement and combat system before moving onto♥♥♥♥♥♥like tents and growing plants."
76561198001076139,Not Recommended,221100,21102059,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,keanock,Please don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,20232678,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,willowjk,"makes me cry with sadness, please someone kill me"
,Not Recommended,221100,21903269,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,ChokeMeister,"Price goes up, Quality of game goes down. Runs at 15fps MAX and drops to 3FPS when encountering zombies."
,Recommended,221100,11335986,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,[R] twitch.tv/commiebear69,"Normal Russia, but with zombies."
,Not Recommended,221100,18861813,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Holt-Hemlock,Fun at first until you realise that you have to pay more for the game than the FPS you will get even on the lowest setting.
,Not Recommended,221100,19470776,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,ayy lmao,This game is going nowhere fast. Save your money.
,Recommended,221100,10598681,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Puhdado,"So much fun to play, even in the Alpha stage. The community is great and there are constantly updates which make the game exponentially better. No KTD ratio, no ""achievements"". You can make this game whatever you want it to be."
,Not Recommended,221100,21247948,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Pibz,Running simulator...
,Not Recommended,221100,13896495,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Hestekød,"This game is FILLED with hackers. Not worth it, you will either die from glitches or a speedhacking cheater. How did this become popular?"
76561198122614041,Not Recommended,221100,22390273,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Pwnographic,"Definition of a SCAM. 4 YEARS weve waited in early access and havent seen a single major update! Nothing but repetitive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t aimed to money grab. The dev's all quit, the game is dead. DO NOT SUPPORT BOHEMIA"
,Not Recommended,221100,20478231,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DanDahMan,Hypothermia Simulator. I rate 14/10 would uninstall again.
76561198078426699,Recommended,221100,8575586,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Ambient Muesli,"Picture it, you are in an abandoned house in the middle of an unfamiliar town, your bowlcut is greasy and unkempt, your chod demanding satisfaction. You find a can of delicious McFlurry and your silly hardens in anticipation, but wait...... no can opener. ""GODAMMIT DAYZ YOU'RE SOOOOOOOO IRRITATING!!!!!"". As you sob at your computer and consider bashing Gta 5 instead, you hear footsteps outside. Is it your imagination? Could....could it really be?No....no it could not possibly be them, not here , not now. You fail to calm yourself, your chod begins to shake, your bowlcut shudders with fear. You hear the footsteps once again,definative this time, you hear swag in these steps, swag only carried by immense DayZ MLG pros. You know.....you know deep in your heart that MC Safety and his Caution Crew have come for your head. The door bursts open and there they are, standing in the doorway......the end is near. You desperately scan for an escape route, there is none. You know you cannot beat them, better to give up. You stand there frozen, the seeled McFlurry can mocking you. One last rage....""GODAMMIT MATTHEW YOU GREAS........"" BANG!!!! A message on the screen-""you are dead"". Your bowlcut shudders no longer."
76561198044707063,Not Recommended,221100,17247081,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,saxasylum,This game is an overpriced mess.  DayZ is pretty much still in the same state that it was in when I bought it about two years ago now.  DO NOT waste your money on this piece of garbage.
76561198127764100,Not Recommended,221100,17450945,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Who's mans is this?,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥
76561198001901121,Not Recommended,221100,17620065,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,icecoal,"Complete Rip-offGame is out since december 2013 and nothing really has been done so far. Game got even worse and isinfested with Hackers. The Engine is complete garbage, game is horrible optimizedThey made so much money sellin this but apparently are not interested in using it to finish the game.Stay away from this as far as possible , dont support their shady buisnessIts too late for me, I was fooled by the hype in the beginning but look at the recent reviews. People arerealising that this game will never ever be in a state that justifies the pricetag.PS: That ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dean Hall the previous Lead Director allready left the sinking ship and started his own indieCompany. I wonder with what money he financed that"
,Not Recommended,221100,13221417,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,-=Minitany=-,"I have been putting off this review for lack of giving the dev's a chance to make this what dayz used to be back when it ran on dayz commander. I do not review a lot of games but this has got me just sad to the point of tears. I played the original dayz back when it was actually fun and there were videos of trolls sitting in the back of cars talking to people and making them freak out. Now it is a survival realism to a point of this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Oh no I was out in the rain for 30 seconds I am soaked and shivering I think I am going to die now, get real! I was excited today when I read the notes, they finally implementated vehicles again, YAY! I love the vehicle part, that was one of my most favorite parts, so I thouhgt I would login and go look for a vehicle, wrong! Before today last time I ran this game was oh about a month to two months ago, ran it on practically full settings no hickups. Today is runs like someone applied the train brake and is not letting up. Horrible FPS, stuttering, lag, and the list goes on. I have to say without a doubt I probably will not play this game anymore, it will sit in my steam library and collect dust, just like my old CS 1.6, rest his soul. Which I think that game if played today would be way better than Dayz Alpha! And a lot of reviewers are correct this alpha has been out forever, I bought it when it first came out why does it take so long for progress? The other thing that just sets my nostrils on fire is this disease system, what are some of these things even doing in a game? I just wish it would be like the old dayz that I can join a server, invite my friends to group, lets go storm the airbase and get a heli and blow some stuff up! Dayz has went so far off the deep end away from where it was before it should not even be called Dayz. I think I will just go play Breaking Point, it seems to run better and is more original and staying the course than this game. CHEERS! *goes to eat popcorn*"
76561198061688052,Not Recommended,221100,34270131,Posted: 15 August,all,Reaper of San Juan,So much potential but instead all I got was an♥♥♥♥♥load of disappointment
76561198093996243,Not Recommended,221100,18453292,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Skootz,Its like cancer with guns
76561198073137419,Not Recommended,221100,17686291,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Veles,"As the other reviews are now saying I will follow in agreement. This game is broken and not worth your money; especially when they upped the price for no solid reason other than ""development fees"" I imagine. There is next to no progress being made on this game so to me the developers really haven't been focusing on the game at all nor do they really even care. I'll admit that there were fun moments playing with others; but what game isn't fun to play with others? All in all, buy a DayZ clone that gets the job done after seeing the original game's mistakes.EDIT: Decided to delete this game from my steam library. It's just not worth having faith in anymore."
,Not Recommended,221100,21419859,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Naught,"I really, really regret buying this game. I wish there'd be a way to refund a game when it's been in 'early access' for over 2 years. Also if you're going to buy this, expect low fps, glitches and terrible animations, which would be okay, had the game not been in early access for a LONG time, and the devs thinking it's better to release new cosmetics. Thanks, I can look pretty at 15fps while a zombie hits me through a wall."
,Recommended,221100,9408780,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,thiccy,Running Simulator: 2014
,Not Recommended,221100,21627787,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,R!CK,no
,Not Recommended,221100,13891297,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Mordock,Easiest way to survive? Don't play.
,Not Recommended,221100,23623108,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Mycoxapholpin,"I'm updating my review. I wanted to give this game a fare review because I have so many hours logged into the game.The zombies have gotten better over time.The texture and lighting has gotten better over time.The lag is bad ( I have an uptodae pc that can run VR) the game has bad lagThe developement process is taking foreverThe game play has gotten worse with every patch. They claimed to have move all the loot north of the map, thats bull there isnt any loot. I spent 3.5 hours researching this just to see. The only thing I could find were some 9mm shells, an axe and a back pack. Remember I have 800+ hours in this game. I knw the map like the back of my hand. I went to farm houses in the middle of the map, little towns up north etc.. the only place I didn't go was the airfield and tissy. I suvived exclusively off of apples.The devs are banning people for making negative comments about the game.This was one of my favorite games. I don't have any other game that is even close to the amount of time I have spent on dayZ. If I could go back knowing what the devs were going to do to the game, I would not have purchased it. I would have saved 800 hours.The game is truly garbage. I honestly hope they don't sell another copy of this game. The devs have done nothig to improve the game and have done everything possible to make it the pice of garbage that it is today.This is an honest review of the game and the dev'sFinal wordGARBAGE"
,Not Recommended,221100,18764775,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Gooby,"I bought this game on release. On release.I waited for it to get near its selfcreated rival, the DayZmod. I waited.I made my friends buy it, because it was gonna be awesome. I made them.It is now several years into this alpha, and still nothing. Still nothing.I left this game for half a year, waiting for it to get better. I am still waiting.Now I come back, zombies are removed from the game and no other implementations have been made. No other.Thus I leave this bad review, a review of sadness. For I wanted this game to become great. I wanted it.I recommend you stay away, or buy a better DayZ game. Like the several year old mod. Stay away."
,Recommended,221100,8543426,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Number one Russian gets shot,I asked a man with a crowbar to kill me and when he did not comply I killed him with my fists.10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,17451438,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Ekoro,"Day Z...If you want to kill yourselfIf you enjoy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gamesif you want to waste the remaining time before you inevitable demise in agonyIf you want to give money to devs who don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about you, nor the game they make...Kill yourself."
76561198016182142,Not Recommended,221100,22058647,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Ham,"Having sunk nearly 300 hours into this game, then having a break only to return to the game months later with it at exactly the same place I left, more or less is very disapointing!The concept is amazing and the possibilites are endless, but it just doesn't seem to be moving along fast enough. The engine is poorly optimized, zombies are idiots, the lag is horrible and the amount of glitches you come across are unacceptable for the amount of time this game as been in development.Its sad to say, as I loved this game at the beginning, especially when playing with a group of friends - BUT the development is far too slow and I for one wont be returning to the land of Chernarus anytime soon until the devs pull their fingers out and get moving forward with the game."
,Not Recommended,221100,16342936,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ayylien,Uninstalling was more fun than the actual game
,Not Recommended,221100,21255570,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,rbH,"3 Years later, still a worse game than arma 2 dayz. 4000 Bugs. gg no re"
76561197961210924,Not Recommended,221100,13927323,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,0hnom,"Let me tell you all a little story.  This story is about a lil Rocket that could.  But like with any rocket, eventually it runs out of gas.The year, 2012 and the space program was all but annihilated.  No one was innovating anything.   The scene was desolate and lacking innovation.  Then this lil rocket came out of nowhere and took us all on a journey.   He seemed like he could carry millions of us, and millions did want in and got in.  It was a thing of beauty.  There was griping among the passengers about the destination but overall, all seemed well.Then came our first stop and the rocket needed to be refurbished to ensure it can continue the journey.  Everyone was really excited and behind the refurb, including myself.   Years passed by, it seemed like we would never get off this planet and truthfully, it was becoming a bit stale.   Not the planet itself but the things you could do on it.Now, finally, the rocket seemed flight worthy once again so we launched.   It was a bumpy lift off but aside from a few things it was smooth sailing or so it seemed.   Partly through the trip most realized this rocket was a former shell of it's original glory.   Sure there was clothing and food albeit no ♥♥♥♥ing can openers but there was warm socks and knit caps... some of us were content.  But that some, was few and far between.Then out of nowhere the rocket started dying and let us know that a super cruiser would be picking us up and he was gonna go into the great beyond for his next adventure.Now, the super cruiser is OK but it lacks the personal feel that we all had when we were struggling on the fledging rocket.I feel like we are going into some indescribable void and it is empty and lacking any character.  There will probably be a surprise at the end where they enslave us all for their evil bidding."
,Not Recommended,221100,21958332,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Jick Magger,Rocket liedFanboys criedDayZ died.
,Not Recommended,221100,18481157,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,FluX,"Alpha since 2013!Developers rarely listen to community.Updates are horribly slow, the game has been in early access for over two years and looks to never become fully released anytime soon.Performance is terrible!"
76561198059809933,Recommended,221100,9800620,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Papa Bless,"This game combines my to favourite things, Walking and hats. Can finaly live my dream of being a traveling hats salesman in a zombie and bandit infested land."
76561197989045625,Not Recommended,221100,32491836,Posted: 16 June,all,Br0TherOfW@r [ PT ],4 + half years in early alpha say pretty much all... dont buy.Game is K.O.
,Not Recommended,221100,20711184,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,D E L E V I A R,"Instead of buying this game send me 30$ and ill draw you a picture of a zombie, which will undoubtedly give you a better experience and unlike the devolper i'll keep my promise."
76561197995773356,Not Recommended,221100,18116301,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dragonboy,Don't buy!It have been in Alpha for years and it will be in alpha for years to come.Played alot when it was a mod for arma. And in my opinion the mod was 10x better then this game.Don't waste your money on this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,33308085,Posted: 6 July,all,dsh`,Biggest scam EVER.
76561198018547781,Not Recommended,221100,15560521,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,LUCKY!!!,When I grow up I will make incomeplete game and make milions.- DayZ
,Not Recommended,221100,21870708,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,mattburnsred,"Bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥on release date nearly 3 years ago, and the stairs of this game still offers a bigger threat than zombies or even other players. My advice: stay away from this piece of unfinished trash."
,Recommended,221100,10524407,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Murasaki,"DayZ me rollin, they hatin"
76561198076635828,Not Recommended,221100,21230814,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Psycho,"The fact that I have the game for suuuch long time on my account simply doesn't make me wanting to play this game anymore, who imagined they were going to hold alpha development stage for suuuch long time. Steam should have policies about unfinished content and actually give a penalty to the studios/publishers, if nobody acts regarding this problem, in 5 years you will all play unfinished games stated at AAA prices. SOOO I bought the game 2 years ago, and they are still ASKING me as a customer to play the game and send them feedbacks regarding bugs, WHY DON'T THEY PAY A FREAKING TEAM OF TESTERS for this? WHY I have to TEST the game for them? After I paid for it? it's simply plain stupid...paying a game as EARLY ACCESS ( like pre-order presented ) and 3 years later game is still in alpha, trying to to figure out how to involve directx 11 features...REALLY?! I wish that everybody could refund their money, this early acceses should be free if you want people involved in development of the game...FREE!!! not asking money to play a unfinished trash basically. GIVE MONEY BACK to all the people that purchased your product, it's obviously you are not going to finish this game during our lifetime. It's obvious what you did, you asked money for the product, probably directors and management team got new cars/houses first + holidays around the world...then they said ""hey wait a second, we still have to finish this"" and ofc you don't have money to pay for testers, developers....this game it's a dump, it's not going to evolve from this stage, don't bother to buy it thinking that you support the development of the game, you would support the trash that we were fed in the past years, with EARLY ACCESES that will eventually ( if it didn't already ) ruin this branch of industry...games...I can't remember last time when I saw a triple A game released without hotfixes, patches during first 2 weeks after release. So yea DON'T BUY THIS GAME IT'S NOT GOING TO BE EVER FINISHED!"
76561198067937530,Not Recommended,221100,17252319,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,General Adebowale Babangida,Will this game be decent when it comes out of alpha ? Find out in 2050.
,Not Recommended,221100,18140380,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,I fucks with it in a real way.,"Jesus tapdancing christ if you thought the mod was bad wait until you get a load of this landfill excuse for a ♥♥♥♥ing game.God forbid you ever want to alt-tab because if you even try this game will crash your game, ♥♥♥♥ your girlfriend and murder your grandfather.Bohemia for ♥♥♥♥s sake put your helmets on and learn to optimize a game you window-licking gangbang of miserable♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The holocaust/10"
76561198049211627,Not Recommended,221100,21418001,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,n_white5,"Really wish i could get my money back. i have a great computer that should easily run this game and i have to run it on very low. about every 5 minutes i was disconnected from my 5-10 person server, i played for over an hour and i really tried i tried and stocking up on supplies which were very limited, i didnt see a single person or even a single zombie. I saw a double barrell shotgun glitched in between a wall and tried picking it up for 5 mins and then got disconneced. What a suprise. I would love to support this game but i dont think its anywhere close to being relesed i have supported a lot of alpha games and never have asked for money back but this is a joke.. hope someone contacts me."
,Not Recommended,221100,18248477,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Shotyyy,"I wanted to put a joke here but I got lazy while I was thinking of one.As most of the people who follow my reviews know - I write long and detailed reviews with much explaining to them, but honestly, I have 0 motiavtion to do that with DayZ.Lags, bugs, lack of content and so on -DO NOT BUYPS: Yes, yes, it's an alpha, but it's almost two years since the alpha has begun and nothing changes."
,Not Recommended,221100,13309877,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,MuRado,"Bought from Russian,Players were Russian,Game got remove from account cuz false transactions (Russians)3/10 dont buy from (all)Russians"
76561198028189903,Not Recommended,221100,15254995,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Nurglette,Forever Early Access
,Not Recommended,221100,8409557,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ARMaster,"I'm NOT a big fan of the whole DayZ thing and I've been judging this game for a whole year, but for my first time trying the mod and playing the standalone I realized it's not as bad as I thought. When playing the standalone I'm use to the inventory better than the mod and you can find some good stuff in this. However, the standalone is completely pre-alpha and has lots and lots and lots and LOTS of issues and BS that makes the game impossible to play. Unoptimization is the least of my concern, but gameplay and non-responsive controls will make the game a rage inducing game. The hunger and thirst stats are completely off that your character will keep ♥♥♥♥♥ing and giving your character food and drinks will make him/her ♥♥♥♥♥ for more 5 seconds later. Oh yeah you can die from fall damage if you fall 4 ♥♥♥♥ING FEET. I'm not going to make a full review when it's in full release so consider this my official review. I would HIGHLY recommend you avoid this game until it goes beta or full release. If you do buy this then play at your own risk. Just stick with the ARMA II mod until this game is patched up and playable."
,Not Recommended,221100,23335798,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,rocz,"Where do I begin?I bought DayZ in 2013 as soon as it came out because I absolutely loved the Arma 2 Mod. Now 3 years later its still an Early Access Alpha and there havent been any big patches or updates since 2015 which is really unfortunate. I played something over an hour of it - there were so many game-breaking bugs and glitches, the performance was horrible, the loot system, animations and the servers.. Everything was so broken and the devs never tried to fix the real issues so I uninstalled it and hoped I can play it once again when its in beta. Jokes on me.I dont really know what the f*ck the devs are doing here. Seems like they want this DayZ phenomena to die out really quickly, so everyone can forget about this game and they can move on with their lives - and not have to worry about updating/fixing it. Its a shame really cause this game definitely had potential. But it looks and plays like utter garbage. I havent encountered a single zombie yet, everyone shoots on first sight and you die in the loading screen, it crashes and freezes constantly and its just pure sh*te.I can only assume this was just a money maker for the devs based upon the huge success of the mod and they never had the intention to complete this game. I tweeted them asking if they are still working on this and I have been immeditaley blocked. What does that tell you? Theres actually someone worse than EA and Ubisoft *claps*Dont support this."
,Recommended,221100,12271238,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Adventurer Chimmy,Ran around for countless hours and found potato chips
76561198052227691,Not Recommended,221100,20602632,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Fjellperker,if you press f11 you go into a suicide position and you can kill yourself.Which is the right thing to do after spending over 250+ hours on this game.
76561198044845196,Not Recommended,221100,17227362,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Grzesieg,"Extreme FPS drops ruin whole (also boring) game. Even tho DayZ mod to Arma 2 is awesome, standalone is total♥♥♥♥♥♥ you respawn not somewhere on the shore but on the whole map. You have no map or compass (I know... survival game) so good luck with finding your friends. Of course you gan run to some village on the way and then go into the internet and find yourself on the map. Then run 40 minutes with holding ""W"" key to find your friend (most of my time played is looking for my friend) and after 5 minutes fight with bugged zombie he will leave you with grey screen. Actually there is health regen in the game, but I think that you have to leave your pc for the whole night. Basically it's only running and nothing interesting, sometimes I come back to the game to play with friend for 10 minutes and determine that it's boring. If you want to play real DayZ, just buy Arma 2 Operation Arrowhead, because this is only money lose. The game is in Early Alpha for over a year or more... I think that they will never finish it. Arma 2 is great, Arma 3 is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, despite the fact that optimization sucks on multiplayer, DayZ is a tragedy."
76561198100484385,Not Recommended,221100,18450846,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Jackandthecandle,200 hours of wasted time on this broken game. I built a PC to play this game. Nothing has let me down more.
,Not Recommended,221100,17316989,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Haych,"Maybe if I neglect this game for long enough, it'll get better"
76561198080071727,Recommended,221100,8563134,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fugate4,"I was strolling along the beach with no pants on and invisible arms, when then a man came up to me and punched me in the head. That lead to being knocked out. The man said in a very deep voice, ""You like that huh?"", and was forcing me to drink windex. I woke up to being handcuffed and him siting there waiting for me. He then said ""You're gonna strip for me or else."" That's when I left the server in fear."
76561198000803131,Not Recommended,221100,17522042,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Landser,"Well. you know, I feel like there are real ethical issues charging money for a broken product and then lying about when it will be fixed. Real greedy devs behind this game. Anyway, the game is awful, basically. Nothing comes close to how ♥♥♥♥ing abismal this game is after nearly 3 years in early access. Looks meh, Plays ♥♥♥♥ING HORRIBLE, its just another cheap, horrible, broken cashgrab, and if you buy into to any of the hype, you deserve everything you ♥♥♥♥ing get!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18372895,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Alanopter,"After more than a year of playing this ""game"", I have to say no. Just no. There was a time when DayZ was playable in terms of community members and performance. For starters there are no zombies, if there are, they appear right after a server reset. Server resets tend to occur from a couple of hours to every four hours, depends on the server. A frequent reset like that can ruin a crucial moment like a gunfight in Cherno or loot gathering at a military base.I met a variety of people from the month following initial launch, most gone, some are still friends. When in the game, not every person is willing to talk, most of the people I met was usually during a skirmish of some sort. Some of them were forced to fight against other random just for a can of beans. He shall be called Champion.Others whom I have encountered have been known streamers and youtubers Vector Bunny and Septic Falcon, which they can thank me and my group for delivering grenades to the penthouse after wedding. “Allahu Akbar”.I can’t promise that you will have fun, since there will be love hate times when playing this games either with others or solo.I have to say I am done with the game since it doesn’t run on my computer as well as it used to unless you have the highest ranking processor and video card. Also the player community drools too. Most of them KOS than use the mic, most will argue that is part of the game, but there is a communication function. Killing another person for their ruined vest does not appeal to me anymore. With no to very little zombies, this game is basically Hobo Free for All. I struggled through with everyone hoping that one day, this would be the greatest game to play. I am all worn out and lost hope.Wait another year (haha), unless you really want to see the game first hand and help invest in the game studio. If the quality remains the same if not worse, oh well. The developer did their best with their allotted resources.-	If you’re really mad at the game, just make your own game using the Unity or Unreal engine.    -Funny thing about this game, I wanted this for my birthday four years ago when it released. I can see that it has decayed even more since then. Pity.-Updated 1/30/2017-"
76561197992949959,Not Recommended,221100,26134066,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,frogg3r,"just. don't.since I've been a fan of BI from the time they put out Op. Flashpoint, I got this and have been with this game since the beginning of Alpha, when it was mostly broken and the graphics were pretty taxing, but the map was smaller and loot plentiful. if you got the hang of it, you were geared up in 3 hours with the best equipment available and you could start playing instead of hiding. now, graphics got optimized, but the map is twice as big with NO LOOT, broken zombies and the UI is still as laggy and bad as it was in prehistoric alpha. now it takes 5 hours to gear up for basic long-term survival if you're lucky. oh, and forget about weapons. you gear up to walk around empty-handed and eventually get shot by those who were lucky to find a gun before a weapon spawn was raided and the guns thrown into grass.honestly, just watch other people play it on twitch. for free."
,Not Recommended,221100,16920425,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Martin Shkreli™,"Very bad game, does not even work. My first game i ran into a house and a zombie killed me from outside the house. It will never be finished."
,Recommended,221100,13114467,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,-El_Greeko-,"Ran for 30 minutes, only to find a rotten potato. 10/10"
,Recommended,221100,9833483,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,TelltaleShel,Someone pushed me off a building with the song it's raining men ... 10/10
76561198107813763,Not Recommended,221100,18564633,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,kyle.larock1985,"Won't recommend this game to anyone who wants to invest time into a character and not be killed by hackers or glitches. Wait until it's solid before buying. Blah blah blah, alpha, blah blah blah, excuses, blah blah blah, should have waited myself."
76561198061776636,Not Recommended,221100,21140113,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Em Space,I would not recommend this game to anyone at its present stage of development.
,Not Recommended,221100,16824459,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,spykerKonyn,"Early Access done terribly wrong.Avoid as you would the plague.'nuff sed.Edit: Two years since this review. Game is still in Early Access Alpha stage. Hahaha. Someone should sue and make sure the dev never makes another ""game"". What an utter failure."
76561198055492897,Not Recommended,221100,22509522,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Derty_mystic,Broken and boring.
76561198074128157,Not Recommended,221100,17439968,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Doge,This♥♥♥♥♥♥has been out over two years and it's still not worth anymore then 4$
76561198044101907,Not Recommended,221100,17272024,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,[WBW] Trenchburner,"Abandoned by devs, turn around now."
76561198026392567,Not Recommended,221100,16051134,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Food Box,"Recently I gave this game another try so now I'm going to revise my review. However, I still can't recommend this game. Honestly there are too many problems with both the game itself and it's community. So here's a list of my problems with the game. (Edited Oct. 2015)-The game has too many issues to be playable for long periods of time, with inventory bugs, player state bugs (food/sickness/etc), disappearing items, and sudden deaths when entering multi-story buildings, the game is still a mess.-The zombies aren't quite right. They removed them.-The community is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥, sure I've met some good people and had some good times, but the amount of people who are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s compared to decent people is just sad here, and it's because there's not much else to do than PVP.-The game runs poorly. I've known it's been un-optomized for a long time, with a newer computer I only got 25ish frames in cities but with 35-60 outside.Overall the game does have it's pros too but after coming back months later, and testing out .57 and the end of the .58 beta (As of edit a good chunk of .58 as well), I can honestly say I don't want to keep playing. I will revisit the game in a few months but for now I'm probably going to hold off."
,Not Recommended,221100,13107135,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,yawn,"Dean Hall takes your money, laughing. He spends it on coke and the misery of others. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,221100,13863281,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,MajesticFatPony,"Say what you want about DayZ, but no matter how much you fanboy over this game nothing can change the fact that it's overpraised an unbelievable amount. So much so that they've received enough flak for them to put up warnings of it's early access alpha stage in places including the store page, developer comments, and on the game's start up. To date the game's sold nearly 3 million copies so take a good guess on the amount of profit they've received, then look at how unsubstantial the game's progress has been since the arrival of this on steam. These are the facts that I'm stating and now to my point I'd like to make. Considering how slow development is, and how early, early access this truly is, do you really want to spend 34.99 to play this for a few hours just because you saw a youtuber play it? I took the bait and purchased this to play with friends, but it was hardly playable. This is my own fault, so if you really want to play DayZ then take this into deep consideration and decide whether or not you should wait until the game's development is much further along. I personally have no severe regret purchasing this, but seeing as how I wouldn't be returning until release (which will be two or three years away) it's fair to say this was an impulse buy and a poor decision.Update: Every single review on the most helpful reviews list are negative except for one. The only reason this game still has ""Mostly Positive"" reviews is because this was the original bandwagon game that started this new genre, the ""survival"" game. Thousands of joke reviews, and .1 hours played ""this is amazing"" reviews are left over. Youtubers who popularized this have since moved on to (and continue to) the perputual strain of these games being released every other month."
,Not Recommended,221100,21809921,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,klik,"Biggest scam on Steam,greab money&run.Incompetent developers who obviously don't have any knowledge to make this game actually playable.Almost 4 years in alpha state and it's still broken laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ potato game as it was.Even some indie survival games developed on calculator with 30x less budget run better than this potato game."
,Not Recommended,221100,14484082,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,($tuff) Jeebus,Evolutionary processes move faster and deliver more content than the DayZ development team.
,Not Recommended,221100,23297319,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Studly Adams,"I've played this game for a while, moved onto H1Z1. My biggest issue with this game is the engine, I swear to god, I just upgraded my video card to a GTX 970, and every game runs great at max setting. And this game still runs like crap at medium settings, I don't know anyone who hasn't experienced an issue with this games preformance. and really once you get over the huge, expansive terrain and really nice architecture that actually kinda feels broken and buggy, like buildings from Delta Force2, everything is super mundane. Anyone who thinks there's something to do beyond finding guns to kill people with is either  wrong, or likes wasting the time they could be spending on learning life skills to make them rich. Or is rich, but enjoys wasting other people's time. They added cars to the game and it's still boring. The Control scheme's are rediculously complex to the point where they seem experimental, which works in some instances, but makes the game feel like it's being created by unrealistic idealist. I moved to H1Z1 for my Zombie killing fix becuase it is simple and sturdy , and regardless of what other people think, they are constantly working on improvements. I've seen that game go through so many changes since they first created it, with huge plans in the future. This particular stand along still runs like crap after 4 years, and zombie encounters are still buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,21629938,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,sprayAlexander,You know why
76561198234822000,Not Recommended,221100,20408827,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mike,gameplay can use alot of work... the game itself has a great concept but needs alot of work before i would buy it but for now i want my money back
,Not Recommended,221100,19313535,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Cal,Raise their prices just before the sales to look like you're saving money.
76561198145457694,Not Recommended,221100,17316152,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,MiKe_DaNk,♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥lol
,Not Recommended,221100,22198203,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Calavera,no
,Not Recommended,221100,23280446,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,xxsamxxwilsonxx,"Game does a good job on looking like its a fun intresting game but it feels more like a scam. they just want you to buy it so they can release ""bug fixes"" for 3 years(still as buggy as a slice of water mellon on a ant hill) and not really improve the game in any significant way. they just want your money. go play arma 2 mod."
76561198055239941,Not Recommended,221100,13850056,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,InkHeart,Day#1I spawn near cherno.Starts raining.After 10 minites i found someone with gear.I got shot .I heard him talking russian.Day#2 After 2 hours of looting i found some nice gear and then the server restardedAs i relog into the server i spawn next too a zombie witch killed me before even i could even load up the texturesP.S every time i change server the game crashes0/10
,Recommended,221100,12919850,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,toast person,I quarantined a guy because he said he had ebola and a mob of people killed him to to stop the spread of the virus.10/10Would ebola again.
,Not Recommended,221100,20298040,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,PaPa Štrudl,Waiting for this game to come out of alpha be like: It's been 84 years...
,Recommended,221100,12268436,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,objestik,Best Running simulator.10/10 would run again.
76561198121463405,Not Recommended,221100,18463766,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,DAVE,do not get this game unless u want to waste your money on a game that doesnt get fixed
,Not Recommended,221100,16475780,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,🅱️illon011299,Just dont.
76561198016994897,Not Recommended,221100,23304323,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,saber fan,warning!this is my only review of a game i ever made and only thing i can say isdo not support these developers .not only they lie about their development of the gamethey would ban you for saying so or any kind of negitive thing you say on their forumstrash developer and trash gameand this is only time i said this but i want a refundnever will i buy one of their games againand suggest no one else will either for their bad management and treatment of their customers(only other people that i can think of that's as bad as dayz dev and managment is steam forum moderaters)(into a cannon and shot into the sun they go)
,Recommended,221100,13189419,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Husky,My First DayZ Experience-Spawned in-Ran down the street-Ran into a black girl-She told me to ♥♥♥♥ her right in the middle of the street-took out my screwdriver (he..he.. SCREWdriver)-Tried to stab her-Got knocked out-Woke up without screwdriver-got chased by black chick with my screwdriver...11/10
,Not Recommended,221100,14750370,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,FINNNNNNNNNN,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,16695649,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MacMillan,SOMEHOW Bohemia was able to make this game run a LOT worse than when it first came out. I would not recommend buying this until they will allow for modding community to step in.
,Not Recommended,221100,17278484,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,NoMoRe,♥♥♥♥♥game that will never be finished. And even if it would be finished it still going to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥game.And Z should be taken out. Zombies are no more in this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,17790244,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Neriakied,gets worse with each update. shouldve stayed as an arma 2 mod
,Recommended,221100,13656291,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Memebot,Russian servers = Bandits everywhere; Canadian servers = Nice people everywhere.
76561198003912168,Not Recommended,221100,28771928,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jon Snow,"Three years later, (four years now LOL MY GOD)  and almost 1k5  hours of game.What can i say:The game was a lot better the first months.Since, they added many not working things.Devs added not working vehicles, not working zombies, who hits you from 2 meters away, push you though walls, if you want to fight with somebody, same happens, each one is pushing each other, while roll backing a looooooooot.They took the money and now they are working on another game.Last update was 2Go one, they removed vehicles and added so many bugs.They knew it, since they were having the same issues on experimental.Well, the game was great once, but devs destroyed it, and now laugh at us.If you are not happy and let them know on their twitter, they just ban you, even if you have been polite.Three years later (FOUR) , still alpha and they can't even put working things.Devs are students but they didn't learn anything yet.Oh wait, i'm lying, they learned how to take people money, and work on other games, dont buy their next game, they will just do the same."
,Not Recommended,221100,20640643,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Lunacy,I bought this game for some reasons. Now I have to force myself to play it to not feel ripped off.
,Not Recommended,221100,21111176,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,DaenMak,"Why is there not a limit as to how long a game can remain a ""alpha / early access"" game?  I purchased this in good faith hoping to get a cool survival mp game. This game hasn't had any meaningful updates. It's STILL in alpha 2 years later. I should be expected to play the full version by now. This is beyond ridiculous. Valve has to do something about this. Force this developer to actually take some responsibility for all the money we have paid."
76561198112655545,Not Recommended,221100,14592211,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,DamN,2025 the game is now beta!
76561198062795340,Not Recommended,221100,13861705,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Madmax777,Hackers like crazy no point in playing.  You loot up for hours just to get taken out by some jerk.
,Not Recommended,221100,16466826,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Mekarino,2013-Dayz Alpha2014-Dayz Alpha2015-Dayz Alpha2050-Dayz AlphaBohemia:Its in Alpha don't judge the gameOk....0/10Would not buy againAnd 1 thing works the UNINSTALL BUTTON
,Not Recommended,221100,15549648,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Serval_Cat,"Hahaha i paid full price for this thing,And now developer supports paid mods.How funny is that?"
,Not Recommended,221100,18165910,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ギャビン,"i bought this game, and now, years later, am still waiting for itto actually be playable.no such luck"
,Not Recommended,221100,21927804,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bamanboi,2 years later and it's still trashCan I get my money back
,Not Recommended,221100,23255981,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Docktor Dicking,AKA:- Walking simulator- Glitch simulator- Alpha simulator- Hacker simulator- Crash simulator- Freeze simulator- Framedrop simulator- Promise for cool stuff simulator- Promise for stable build simulatorI am glad i only have 21 hours into it.10/10
,Recommended,221100,8073344,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Riley,"> I buy a copy of it for myself (my own birthday present woot woot)> I wait 1 hour to download it> I start the game up and it runs bad, so I have to configure some options> The server browser doesn't work until I figure out I have to actually click the Internet tab> I join a server and spend the next 8 minutes fumbling about with the 30 billion keypresses, and a few more minutes figuring out how to turn on my flashlight> I find a gas station and find a head torch (success)> I spend the next minute figuring out how to use the damn thing (switching batteries in and out, etc.)> Someone runs into the gas station and says hi, I say hi back> Said person runs away for a bit while I explore the area, and then comes back with her fists out with the intention of killing me> I had to figure out how to take my fists out and when I did, I fumbled with the awkward combat> I get knocked outMy first 20 minutes of DayZ"
,Not Recommended,221100,14252350,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Sexy Solaire,"Yea, it's DayZ alright. While I can admit it has moments that you could find in no other game, this version of DayZ is not worth the money. I have had this game since it launched on Early Access, and since then I've seen almost no progress. If you want to play DayZ, just buy ArmA II and play the mod. This is essentially just a more expensive, less complete version of the mod. Having spent $35 at launch, and putting in just over 40 hours of this, Im honestly disappointed in how little has changed since it started. Wait till its Beta or done. Until then, save the $35. If they do it right, it will be worth the $60 or whatever when its complete."
,Recommended,221100,8658235,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,LittleSpirit,"Met a guy at an airfield.Screamed ""I'm friendly don't shoot! Friendly friendly!He shouted back ""Friendly Friendly""I lowered my gun.He shot me in the face.11/10 Absolutely awesome"
,Not Recommended,221100,18456719,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,EZ EZ REAL TALK,"I recommend you to NOT buy this sh*ty game. No real moving to beta, I cant even write ""release"" here.Developers. If they are stupid, they will continue losing players. -15k online after last six months."
76561198060142934,Not Recommended,221100,22211173,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Puddin,♥♥♥♥ this game and the developers.
,Not Recommended,221100,18896829,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Moarty,The definition of a failed early access game.
76561198054435833,Not Recommended,221100,12295130,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Manboob23,"this game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥right now, you spawn walk about 5 feet and get attacked by a zombie, the only way to kill said zombie is to shoot it becasue Dean apperently ♥♥♥♥ed the melee system up so much you cant even finger your own♥♥♥♥♥and  on top of that you cant find♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore. thanks for all the ♥♥♥♥ing heater top stove♥♥♥♥♥♥or somthing like that now i cant even play without my♥♥♥♥♥♥turning into a ♥♥♥♥ing shard of ice becasue i run for about 30mins before i die of hyperthermia. this game was good on the begining but dean apperently wants to ♥♥♥♥ everyone in the♥♥♥♥♥and take our money and leave the dev. this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥right now. if your going to buy it you should probably wait awhile"
,Not Recommended,221100,13852600,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Anonymous [Legenden Ditzel],"*** PLEASE READ THE FULL REVIEW ***I got really disapointed when playing this. I had more hours in DayZ Mod than I would've ever imagined, but after I purchased the standalone I lost all desire to play DayZ. The standalone has a lot of potential, but the game wont be finished untill 2025, and by that time, let's face it.... Zombies wont be the same. It is a great game, but nothing compared to the mod in my opinion, and I probably will not play this much, maybe add a few hours to my time once vehicles work as they should.*** Not comparable to the mod ***"
76561197979542854,Not Recommended,221100,18452629,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Seal1207,"I am deeply sadened that i invested money in a game that will never be finished. It was an incredibly intelligent scam. Playing on the hopes and dreams of zombie/survival genre fans. This game will never deliver. I don't even think anyone is actually working on it anymore. This isn't meant to be demotivationl to any of the developers that may come across this.. but i don't think that near the amount of money that was put into this game via early access acquirers was actually invested in further developing the game, as a objective C, C# PHP Java ect. game developer i'm extrememly disappointed with the lack of progress this game has made.. they've had over 2 years.."
,Recommended,221100,10174958,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Wibbleh,made me think everyone in real life is going to stab me in the back and ruined all my relationships10/10 would buy again
,Not Recommended,221100,13927419,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Naginooh,"watched quite a few vids on people playing this game and got a skewed view on how easy this game looked.its not, its really not, cant even imagine how long you would have to play to be in any kind of position to actually survive, thats if you can get passed the bugs.every spawn is quite differant, spawn in a building weirdly and be stuck, spawn next to zombies with no weapons get chased into a building close doors, zombies glitch in anyway and you die,spawn get lucky and immediatly find stuff you need,all very random, and can be whats quite good about it,not that often have i bumped into other players , but when i do im dead, no questions asked.good game if you can get passed bugs and grind it out to where its enjoyable,should be great when complete .dont feel it was worth the price it was at this time tho £23."
,Not Recommended,221100,18197627,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,JUNE,"Early Access Money Farming Simulator.pay 27,99€ wait almost 2 Years , Still Early Access."
,Not Recommended,221100,18490412,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Sandefend,Where zombies? Where optimization and more? We waited a long time and did not get anything. Bohemia Interactive you betrayed us.
76561198084405263,Not Recommended,221100,21652181,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Dicky Jasper,"This game seems to get worse with every new update and it will never be finished. The map is bland, doesn't feel apocalyptic and theres really no need to explore it. I'll stick to Miscreated. You should too ;)."
76561198066225802,Not Recommended,221100,17266401,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,RogueAmeba,ealry-access running simulator.
,Not Recommended,221100,15795503,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,booshay18,on a serious note fans of steam i have come to the alarming conclusion that this early access thing may be killing games before they have anything to offer why put work into a game when the already made the money............... am i alone on this................
,Not Recommended,221100,15817551,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,SofaKingSteezy,Save your $34.99
76561197993515164,Not Recommended,221100,26689439,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MajiinFreddy,Played this back in ... 2012 \ 13? And it still isn't out yet? Lmao. Keep up the great work!
76561198073631522,Recommended,221100,13592605,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Poopa,"Got chased by a guy with a banana screaming "" THE BANANA GODS CALL YOU."" I turn around to see the guy got shot and was crawling away. 10/10 would get chased by banana guy again."
,Recommended,221100,12316319,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Lynx,Got stuck in a rock and had to wait 30 minutes to starve and freeze to death 10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,19978021,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Carolina Kevin,"Just like Russia, Day Z is an unfinished mess that will never leave Beta."
,Not Recommended,221100,22541188,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,mawW✪™,"♥♥♥♥♥♥, laggy, boring, cheaters etc...."
,Not Recommended,221100,15729893,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,1438041941790.jpg,"Abhorrent performance, barely any features, completely missing animations, buggy as all hell.Sure, that would be acceptable for an early access game, IF IT HADN'T BEEN IN FEVELOPMENT FOR ALMOST THREE YEARS NOW.Literally nothing has been added or fixed.They keep putting out updates with extremely minor script changes that would take about an hour to make, but it takes them a month or two to push the update out of their♥♥♥♥♥ This game is just a garbage cash grab, they don't plan on actually finishing it or progressing the developmnent further than the point it's currently at."
,Not Recommended,221100,17332153,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Super Girl,Way too broken... its been ages since it came out and it still sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,17316413,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Chains,Dayz truely is a  game made of running lootign walking and sometimes fighting 5/10
,Not Recommended,221100,14740401,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dynamite,"Had a feeling the day this was launched that it would never get finished.Also Feel scammed. If I could delete it from my library, I would.Truely awful practices from these ''Developers'', Dean 'Rocket' Hall took our cash and ran for that mountain he apparently climbed up.Avoid like the plague."
76561198062062026,Not Recommended,221100,22265768,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,SnugSz,I'd love this game if it actually worked properly and wasn't buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,21883138,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,MA$TERCARD BOY,"Release Date: 16 Dec, 2013 - It feels like nothing really happened."
,Not Recommended,221100,21896014,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Hibachi Man,Well atleast it wasnt a kickstarter scam
,Not Recommended,221100,17519187,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Ryan,i Will never play this game again waist of my money
,Not Recommended,221100,17016633,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,dude,Early alpha since 2013.It's a cashgrab people. Just like Warz was and like so many others were.
,Recommended,221100,15716214,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Huascar,>select a server>connect>spawn in a rock11/10
,Not Recommended,221100,17280102,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Osteoporosis,"Don't let people convince you that this is a ""work in progress"".  The developers have been slow about advancing this game from the start, and have only gotten worse over the years. A hope of this game ever becoming worth the money we spent is gone.We all wanted this game to be what was promised, but with every update there is more bugs and less fixing. It does not look like the developers plan on delivering what they promised. Most of the time in the game is spent walking and finding useless items. The only kind of interaction with a player in this game is getting shot on sight, that is if you don't get killed though a wall by a zombie first.Maybe this game will be worth the money in the very very far future, but by then it will be outdated. I recomend giving your money to developers who actually still care about their project.On a side note: This is not a $35 game. Them asking for the price of a finished game is outrageous. Whether or not you stand by this game $35 is not an acceptable price for its current stage of development."
76561197999962036,Not Recommended,221100,16257452,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Vern,In 2020 when the game hits beta i will update my review.In 2 years of open alpha i have seen what most games do in the first month of beta.This game is a classic example of why to not support alpha Early access games.We should not be paying a company for an idea. think about it what incentive will it give any company.E.A. game spend minimal time on game provide a somewhat working platform. 75% of the people who would buy the finished game buy into E.A. money collected. now whats the incentive? spend massive amount of time/money to finish said product for the remaining 25%? no string it along with a small team and pull in 10-15% . you now have a half developed game with almost all the units sold.STOP PAYING TO BE A ALPHA/BETA TESTER.we need to go back to the old way when a chossen few got access. pointed out what needs to be changed/fixed. changes and fixes happen cause people want to get paid . full game is released . By people buying into all these E.A games all we are doing is hurting the game industry in the long run. we will drive ourselfs to a point when every game is Alpha
,Recommended,221100,8727609,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Rene,"DayZ is one of these games that has a very special place in my heart. When you first start you  spawn in a world where infected and other survivors rule the lands.No goal is given but when you open your inventory you find out that you are hungry. From door to door you start scavenging, just to fulfill your basic needs while you try to avoid the infected. They spotted you and you see them jumping over the fence and running towards you. You try your hardest to fend them off and it works. They managed to hit you though and you're bleeding. You tear up the shirt you are wearing and start applying the rags to your wound to stop the bleeding.Suddenly you hear a couple of gunshots and returning fire and then silence.. It's only a couple of blocks away. You gotta make a decision, do you run out of the town to safety or will you take the risk and try to see what is going on? You might be able to pick up a gun that is left by the one that survived the fight.You choose the last option and not long after you see a man sitting next to a body. He's taking stuff of the dead survivor.. You decide that you want to take action as he's not looking around, this is your chance! You get out your fireaxe and as you are about to charge him you hear another gunshot and you see the survivor crumble to the ground.You turn around and start running, and running, and running. Away from the crazy incident that you've just witnessed. Away from the coast, on the lookout for safety, a gun and friends to roam the lands of Chernarus with. Will you be like the murderer who shot that guy or will you be someone that helps other survivors? It's your choice, it's your story."
76561198010549333,Not Recommended,221100,17452770,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Acclaim,♥♥♥♥ these ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198093327989,Not Recommended,221100,18683027,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kaleb,"for the love of god save your money, this game is only going to worsen. 2/10 never again plz"
,Not Recommended,221100,17284079,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,S✪nic1Fire,The game dosent even give me a chance to enjoy it i didnt even play it yet it just launches then closes dosn't even show a black screen or anything and i meet recomendations and i got banned from global BE servers without even turning on the game what kind of game is this I feel like ive been robbed for my $34.99  and the crazyst part is i got banned after reporting my error to Battle Eye and Dayz devs  dont buy this game and if you do dont send your problems to BE because they will ban you from global servers and be ready to try steam new refund policy!.
,Not Recommended,221100,18881700,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Sunku,"Honestly this game is poorly made. It has a lot of potential I'm sure, but I recommend waiting until it's completely released to see if it is worth while. Honestly I wish I could get it refunded, but that probably can't happen. Spend your money on something better. Even League of Legends skins are more worth than this."
76561198035682738,Not Recommended,221100,22364744,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Admiral Salt,it let us down
,Not Recommended,221100,18921651,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Brad,Half Life 3 will release before this game reaches Beta
,Not Recommended,221100,31309494,Posted: 22 April,all,Tittenhelga,"Loved the mod, loved the this game at the beginning, but to be honest, the dayz mods for arma 2 and 3 are more polished then this game and who knows when it will come out of its ""Early access"" ""Alpha test"" ""Phase"" whatever you want to call it..."
,Not Recommended,221100,15241219,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rakata,i dont liek
76561197997423371,Not Recommended,221100,8418654,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TEFLON DON 永遠のトランプ,"I've played the DayZ mod for Arma 2, I would not recommend buying this game in its current state for newcomers to the series, you will only become frustrated with the buggy/glitchiness of the game. People like to pull the ""Oh it's an alpha"" card to cover Rockets♥♥♥♥♥(the creator of DayZ), shut the ♥♥♥♥ up, it's been in Alpha for 2 years now.Long story short, just stick with the DayZ mod for Arma 2 if you're thinking about buying this, you'll get more content and a less buggy game for free. I have no idea when this game will not a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ might be a few more years.Update 1/5/2016 - Game still in early access even though it came out 3 years ago, pathetic. I highly recommend downloading DayZ for Arma 2. It's much more complete and there are a bunch of fun spin offs that utilize the base DayZ mod that add base building, more weapons, vehicles etc.Update 5/16/2017 - This game is STILL in early access! What a joke!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18359490,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,I really enjoy boss baby,After playing this game for a long time I have finally decided to give up on it. It's unfinshed even for a alpha there is no zombies anymore the fps in towns drop to 20fps even when I can run most games on max settings. It's a ♥♥♥♥ing joke this game has been out since 2013 and all they have added is pointless♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't bother with DayZ standalone and I wish I could get my money back.
,Not Recommended,221100,22159990,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,balance ciaga,literally unplayablecan't even kill a zombie with an axe it's so crude
76561197990258872,Not Recommended,221100,11765673,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Maddino,"All these months and almost NO progress in development.Developers team just got the cash and vanished; the patch they made are absolutely USELESS, as they keep adding stupid objects and features instead of fixing the billion bugs the game has! So frustrating.....The Dev team is like: ""WOW, the game is badly optimized and has many bugs, but let's add useless balaclava!!1!!!!1!""Also, if you don't have a very powerful PC, expect poor fps and bad performances, even if your settings are all on lowest and your computer matches minimum requirements...I'll remove this bad review only if they start fixing bugs and give us a playable game.----September 2014: They say they are optimizing this game so good that after the last patch, a lot of people are not even able to play. Avoid this game like a pestilence.----June 2016: FINALLY, after 2 years they gave us a SERIOUS update. Many many bugs, but at least it's now playable and enjoyable, especially if you have some friends to play with"
,Recommended,221100,8078747,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,BigPanda22,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,221100,10431548,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,salem,"Ran into a guy whos child was watching him play the game. Guy gave me the 1-2 combo and knocked me out. Heard child in the background saying ""take his hat! Take his hat!"" Waited 1 1/2 minutes to regain conciousness. Ain't no children gon be stealin my hats today. Stabbed him to death with my machete.15/12"
76561198041278247,Not Recommended,221100,17275660,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Pancake Micks,One thing i will have in common with my great great grandchildren is that this game will still not be finished.STEAM REFUND SIMULATOR 2013-15
,Not Recommended,221100,18378156,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,"Oh wow, it's Finners215","What an absolute ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace this is.Not only is it a glitchy mess, but its barely a ♥♥♥♥ing game. I spawn outside cherno, which was a hotspot during the mod for loot and players and large amount of zombies, just to wonder around a barren wastelandHow in gods name has it gotten worse since the mod?♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥-100/10"
,Recommended,221100,11413866,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Ironicorn,I walked for 83 hours and then I died 10/10
76561198068232407,Not Recommended,221100,11678729,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,GetForkStabbed,"Broken unfinished game, yet is going to the ps4. And they will take your money and leave you a broken shell of a game."
,Not Recommended,221100,13539675,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,jjacobson,Running simulator 2014.
,Not Recommended,221100,13879682,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,kharloff,"A game with stupidly high expectations but unable to achieve and develop with a quick enough pace.The game is filled with bugs and if you actually think you should buy this, you need to think if you want a game that is filled with hackers and a ton of people defending them for it being in early access and how every bug and hacker will get fixed."
76561198048858394,Not Recommended,221100,13850109,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Wibe,"So, this is a game about a random Russian (I presume) dude running around, all alone along some shoreline looting houses with scary blood-splatter in them while complaining that he is thirsty and hungry? I played for 3hours straight, and I met nobody, nobody(!) neater living or dead.I found 3kinds of guns, and 3 completely different kinds of ammo. And then, after eating a ton of canned food and potatoes and drinking 12waters, 15beers, I died from not eating enough, while being thirsty!Also, the mouse movement is not really smooth at all, I don't like that.."
,Not Recommended,221100,8412344,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,lothix,"Same glitchy mess as the mod, but with much less content.Wait at least until beta to enjoy a more polished DayZ experience without getting frustrated at every turn.I got the alpha because I liked DayZ mod, but after playing the alpha I don't have high hopes that this game will offer much more than the mod anytime soon, if ever. You can enjoy much more polished and fully featured DayZ mods meanwhile like Epoch.In 2 years of development since the mod started, they have still not been able to get the following core features working correctly:- Zombies (still poor pathing, poor animations, poor AI, predictable, glitchy and pose no surprise or threat).- No zombie variety (all zombies look and act the same).- Night time play (players still have to tweak gamma settings to make it barely playable, light sources are glitchy and inadequate).- Controls (UI and animations are still slow, quirky and terrible for a low TTK game).- Server hopping/ghosting (most players server hop to gain loot and combat advantage).- Combat log outs (players will log out when they encounter a threatening situation).- Anti-cheating (cheaters still ruining the game).- Player density (takes too long to encounter any players due to 40 player cap and a huge map).- Base building (still no end game).- Lack of proper melee system (swinging an axe still shoots bullets).Alpha currently has following game-breaking bugs present:- Characters will get wiped randomly when logging into a server, resetting all progress.- Walking inside buildings will randomly cause your character to fall through the floor and die instantly.- Loot is not respawning.- Zombies are not respawning.Alpha did add following new features over the mod:- Reworked inventory management interface is a little better.- A lot more lootable buildings have been placed all over the map.- Wearable clothing with pockets for holding loot.Alpha removed following features over the mod:- Most of the content like vehicles, hunting, tent loot hoarding, and gun variety.Overall, DayZ Standalone still feels like a basic mod on top of Arma 2 engine.DayZ Standalone alpha right now severly lacks content and once you learn how to survive and arm yourself, which will take you a few hours, you will be bored out of your mind and resort to playing the game as a very slow deathmatch.I'll update this review once DayZ is out of beta."
,Not Recommended,221100,13452445,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sayyid,"I stopped playing this game when I realized I wasted $30 on a game that is buggy as hell, and never going to be finished."
76561198066414819,Not Recommended,221100,19293300,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Vella,A load of s*** quite frankly taken 2 years and still in early access.
76561198057340070,Not Recommended,221100,18091955,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,HawaiianBiceps,Steven Hawking runs better than this...
76561198058307779,Not Recommended,221100,14655498,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,MachineGunBenny,"Got character wiped 3 times today thanks to the new ""great"" patch (Error: DayZ Stopped Working), trucks still dont work properly and you'll die once you get in or out, and about the animal AI, no one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Zombies are still a ♥♥♥♥ up because some dont make a noise when they approach. It's just not worth all the f**king effort you put into this game...Stop trying to make us feel better with editing new ""cool"" features.DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS GAMEDONT EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS GAME"
76561197983154023,Not Recommended,221100,24960848,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mentally The Captain Hero Panda,"Aaaaah DayZLove it to bits.. The best way to explain the game is looking at its players.Seems friendly, acting all nice and then BAM... ♥♥♥♥s you right in the ♥♥♥♥♥.No mercy, not a grain of pitty. Thats how the game and its players act.Cant always have sunshine in DayZ... But from my point its raining a tad to much still.Great game if it ever finishes, now not sonow 6/10 possible 8/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,22330862,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hennezylive@twitch.tv,"Still looks and plays no different to its garbage EA-launch state from 2.5 years back. It makes me shiver, but even H1Z1 is an easy recommendation over this at the moment."
,Not Recommended,221100,13396974,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AcidGoats,The games concept was great but the execution is poor. It has been in alpha for almost a year and no progression. 5/10
,Not Recommended,221100,22364683,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Arctic4,"Every chance they get to make this game good, they ♥♥♥♥ it up. This game has gone from one of the most popular on steam to a joke, and it will not get better.Features a ♥♥♥♥♥♥, graphics only engine not really meant for first shooter gameplay.Gameplay is done better and for free with mods of Arma 2 and Arma 3."
76561198032717372,Not Recommended,221100,31380513,Posted: 26 April,all,Suchell,"Want a 4 year old early access game? Then you landed in the right spot. Such a potential but 4 years gone by and nothing had changed, the same old bugs from years ago. $34.99 gone down the drain, I used to love this game but it has developed into not caring anymore. Steam should steam this w.e you want to call it shell of a game out of here."
76561198085653444,Not Recommended,221100,16986408,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Zusty Prutzel,In my opinion this game shouldnt have been realesead yet i mean i would like to be able to play without rubber banding its sucks so i mean before u and more stuf make sure the game works
,Not Recommended,221100,16696427,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Bort,"Don't buy this game. It was a great idea and definitely sparked inspiration for a lot of developers. But these developers suck, the lead dev even left the game to pursue another leaving this one in the ground. To be honest if they made the game from scratch rather than trying to create a bloated mod it probably would've turned out better."
,Not Recommended,221100,31407806,Posted: 27 April,all,BUSTIN MAKES ME FEEL GOOD,"DayZ is actually a case-study on the flaws and ethical concerns regarding ""early access"" games.Basically, it's a con.  They take your money, and you're rewarded with a marginally playable running simulator where you die after awhile.  That's pretty much the game.Steer clear."
,Recommended,221100,13578991,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,✞=DR=™Ben Llama㋛✞,I put on a dress.
,Not Recommended,221100,13584442,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rustler,"An Abomination to the original DayZ.It's like they said ""how can we make the game absolutely garbage and not stay true to the original?""DayZ Epoch, Origins, and coutless other are significantly better than this pile of trash....AND THEY HAVE LIKE 2 PEOPLE WORKING ON THEM!Seriously, their dev team is about 100 people and in 1 YEAR they have added one vehicle that was ALREADY in the mod.On top off this, the actual game is a farce and is horrible at best.Rip Dean Hall,♥♥♥♥♥♥dev."
,Not Recommended,221100,21035962,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,✪PapaJohnsSodeyPops,Wish i bought this when the refunds came available because this game blows
,Recommended,221100,11097367,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,魔王，Dino!,Chernarus Marathon Simulator 2014车臣尼亚马拉松模拟201410/11你永远不知道自己是否能够跑到终点你更不会知道终点等待着你的是什么
,Not Recommended,221100,23303640,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,ok.,Terrible game. Terrible community. Terrible dev team they can all suck a big fat one. One of the worst money bait known to early access history.Mass refund would be due! but sadly those jerkoffs are too busy wacking themselves with 20$ bills.
,Not Recommended,221100,17624202,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ozzy,"An honest review:This game is such♥♥♥♥♥♥that when  I went to play it  I cant even press ""play"" because my mouse curser doesn't show up. I thought oh well fine Iv played this game a fair amount and I know there are bugs, I look it up and find this has been a frequently occuring problem since January 7th or 2014, so for over a year and a half this issue has been ignored, yet the game costs $35. You may think oh well its only in alpha like thats an excuse, but the fact is no one should be paying $35 for an alpha game. The word alpha is a joke, basically if you dont know what it means ""developers please read since you clearly dont"", it means that the game is in such basic stages that it is not even beta, most of the game is still being developed. Beta usually is a testing fase that is FREE, so why does this cost $35? well its quite simple the developers know they have a nice title but the issue is their 10 man team of walmart greeters cant actually make a game. So we have a problem, but no worry they can slap a name on a game and put out this horse♥♥♥♥♥♥and still make all the money they need. The fact is that the ""alpha"" has been out for almost 2 years, and in those two years very little has come from the game, so what can you expect if you buy this game? a $35 disapointment that will forever haunt you in your library"
76561198042579686,Recommended,221100,13470876,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,no duff,"Just updated my game and now my character is shaking more than Michael J Fox's vibrator. 10/10 IGN.EDIT: Spent 3 days gearing up, spotted a player using speed hacks and flying around, mine and my friends games simultaneously crash, rejoin server and we are both dead.10/10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,221100,12746841,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Vortex,"this game one big BUG.  DONT BUY !!!! I try 2 refund! and this game need 2 be bunned on steam!все баги так и остались как было в 1 день , зомби ходят сквозь стены, удары в ближнем бою не корректны , в игру добавляют что то новое не доделав старое ! и вместо доделки того что есть они объявляют версию для PS4 ,оптимизация 3\10графика 6\10звук 4\10атмосфера 10\10не покупайте это, только когда выйдет полная версия!all bugs remained as it was in 1 day , zombies walk through walls, blows in melee is not correct , the game adds something new is not accomplished old ! and instead of finishing what they have announced a version for the PS4 ,optimization 3\10graph 6\10sound 4\10the atmosphere is 10\10do not buy it, only when will you release the full version!"
76561198075330829,Not Recommended,221100,23320900,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Dino,Its been two and a half years. This game was built on an existing game. What have you been doing devs?
76561198141795895,Not Recommended,221100,22710407,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TheWalkingDaddy,dont till its fixed
76561198024809569,Not Recommended,221100,21893232,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Myr's Caipirinha,Most dissapointing game ever in the history of time...-.-
,Not Recommended,221100,16991763,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Toh Donold,"This game is completely broken, unoptimised, and lacking in content. In the nearly 2 years it has had in ""alpha"" the only things added have been the occassional weapon or cosmetic item. In the meantime, DayZ-esque mods for Arma 3 have made leaps and bounds on improving themselves while this has done essentially nothing in comparison. Maybe you'd think at least the gameplay is good? Well, it's hard to comment on it as on a 8320@3.5 and a OC'd GTX 660 on lowest possible settings, I get about 15 fps average.TL:DRBuy Arma 3 and mod it. The standalone will not be worth buying until the end of 2016 provided it stays at the same price, which it will probably not."
76561197984602573,Not Recommended,221100,21881107,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Oint,dont buy this game...I honestly hoped it'd be out of alpha by now...
,Not Recommended,221100,21863583,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Solvent,3 years in alpha. I want a refund.
,Not Recommended,221100,20749580,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,STR8_M40BALLER,By the time this game gets finished I will be a retired WW3 vet.
,Not Recommended,221100,16991204,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Vaxxor,"Tried to get a Refund for this pile of crap, but Valve said that I had to much playtime. Stupid.The game is a scam for money so don't buy this! Surprised it's still allowed to be on the steam store.- Broken game- Not optimised- Zombies are glitchy- Game has been alpha and will forever be alpha- Worse than the modValve, remove this from the store...."
,Not Recommended,221100,22147197,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Autistus Maximus,LowFPS Simulator 2013EarlyAccess Simulator 2013Lag Simulator 2013I have a few names that you can change into!
,Not Recommended,221100,16462135,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Paul Blart,"I honestly can't stress how much of a waste it would be to buy this game. You're literally better off getting Arma 2 and Operation Arrowhead (What's required for Dayz Mod) and play that.The Loot Can Sometimes Never SpawnIt Is Serverly Laggy, You Would Need An Almost God PC To Play ItThe Community Itself Is So Afraid That They Will Most Likely Kill You On SightYou Can Even Die Just By Walking Down The RoadIf there was honestly any game I could refund, even just 1 of them, I would refund this with no doubt.Bohemia Interactive,....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198082598489,Not Recommended,221100,19082508,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Abu Hajaar,"Rome wasn't built in one day.That's true, exeptasecond onewill be builtbeforethis game isfinished."
76561198008486917,Not Recommended,221100,23356541,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Cauvster,"Gameplay is way too buggy. Devs are really bad at what they do, it's been years and the lag and bugs have yet to get any better."
,Not Recommended,221100,18387779,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Nazar,"I'm alright with early access games that start rough but get fixed up and polished over the course of a year or two. This isn't it though. This standalone has been in early access for nearly 3 years and so little has been changed or added that it really makes you question if there's any active development happening.At the pace they're going this game is either never going to release, or one day they'll just change the version number to 1.0 and call it a finished release."
,Not Recommended,221100,18883650,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Darth Valdus,It's kind of a joke.
76561198032018804,Not Recommended,221100,18435581,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kholek Suneater,DO NOT BUY IT
76561197973053017,Not Recommended,221100,20600227,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,RHINO,Nope.
,Not Recommended,221100,24900401,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Mr. Kab,This unfinished mess of a game shouldn't be allowed on steam
76561198007833955,Not Recommended,221100,26161339,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The Finnish Eagle,"What piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥This ""game"" has been in Alfa for 4 ♥♥♥♥ing years and will most likely never get rid of the poor as ♥♥♥♥ optimization,♥♥♥♥♥♥mechanics and overall bad gameplay. DayZ was really better off as a mod for Arma.Asking 27 euros for this mod is a ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace, I wish I could have refunded back then....PS: ♥♥♥♥ the guys who were developing this piece of crap."
76561198097582008,Not Recommended,221100,23311033,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Kush,"Ban notification from a forum moderator	— 21 hours agoYou have been banned from DayZ DiscussionsYou have been banned from DayZ Discussions by a forum moderator for your post in ""ok lets try something different can we have a civil discussion about the future of this game."":yes i beleive they do gret work not knocking em there and the little time i play .60 was amazing alot smoother in all aspects and the way they re did cherno was a thing of beauty but lack of communication and them locking down posts all the time i feel like the discussion post are ran buy nazis with no freedom of speach.Ban Reason:trolling, abuse, spamPlease review the Discussions Rules and Guidelines.This is a permanent ban.Can you beleive im not allowed to speak freely on forums the devs and mods are so ban happy"
,Not Recommended,221100,13894100,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Obi,"You're better off playing the mod. It has a TON of better features, less bugs, and more maps.Plus, after a year of 'early access development', it still feels like the game is exactly the same as when it was added to steam.Save your money and wait for H1Z1, which is already heads and shoulders above this game and it started Development after."
76561198047693610,Not Recommended,221100,17507211,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,💃💃 - Rober_sg - 💃💃,"Planificación no cumplida, muchos atrasos.Framerate penoso hasta en ordenadores potentes.Bugs everywhere.Tus nietos disfrutarán la release final."
,Not Recommended,221100,17253228,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,A32rock,"This game is nothing like the mod, it lags so badly, the A.I. is horrible, and it was the worst $35 I ever spent!DO NOT BUY THIS PEICE OF CRAP IT IS NOT WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!Buy H1Z1 instead"
,Not Recommended,221100,20598881,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tormund Giantsbane,"I got the game about 2 days after it came out, I had a laptop with Intel HD Graphics 4000, and an Intel i5 Dual Core 2.5ghz processor with 8gb of RAM. I could run the game pretty decently, but as the game got updated it just got more and more unoptimized. A couple months later I got a new PC with a Strix GTX 960, and an AMD FX-8320 with 8gb of RAM. I loaded into a server excited to start playing DayZ again, to my dissapointment I only got about 30 fps on the lowest settings outside of cities, and my god when I got into a city the fps dropped to about 10. As long as you don't get this game, you wont get aids. We all wish DayZ will become optimized one day. Maybe one day..."
76561198054568218,Not Recommended,221100,8524960,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The Real Mark Zuckerberg,"In it's current state I wouldn't suggest purchasing this game. Had the developer cut down the price a bit more for early alpha it wouldn't be such a risky buy. I took a gamble that it would at least be playable in this stage and figured if they add as many things to the standalone as they did with the original DayZ mod down the road, it would make sense. I think it will be worth it, down the road...but to pay $30 for a game in this state seems steep. You take a gamble that it will EVENTUALLY be a good game, but now that I purchased it and had some time to try it out I feel like I should have just waited and maybe paid $40 if it is eventually good rather than spend $30 on a game that is  buggy and lacks some key components in it's current state and hope it is eventually good. 4/10 in it's current state"
,Not Recommended,221100,11719261,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Zemmel,"Don't buy this game the developers are just updating the game every 3 weeks, and only adding lots of items and even more bugs. The bugs that are in the game don't even get fixed, and the developers don't even listen to the players. Also it is incredibly laggy without a real reason and the graphics are just really  bad without a normal reason. so i strictly do not recommend this piece of  poop game. if it was possible i would refund all my 20 euro's from this game and burn it because the developers don't deserve my money."
,Not Recommended,221100,12079344,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Vintage,"I love this game, I really do. There is so much potential In it and it's future. But I have been killed out of the blue by invisible axe murderers or through the wall snipers. Not to mention the way the zombies act. They are over the the top too powerful.  Putting in new villages and towns should be the least of their concern, Fix the gameplay, Get rid of these hackers or ''modders''. Turn down the zombies, If you wish for people to explore the new areas  and hunt for wildlife. Make the Zs slower but add more of them. That's when the real feeling of horde is after you. These hackers need to be..? ELIMINATED. So guys just wait a little longer until they fix these problems. Unfortunatley I've came to the decision of uninstalling it. FIX THIS!"
,Recommended,221100,12949682,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Swaghetti Yolonase,Break both your legs to turn this game into a fantastic human turtle simulator
,Recommended,221100,12950557,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Metal Bat,"-Bought game-started in the middle of nowhere-Ran into the closest town-Started fist fight with Zombie-got Killed-Started Again-Ran into a small town-found a crowbar-fought Zombie-Died-Started Again-Ran to a big city-Looted what I could find-Found a bush-Looked for berries-Ate berries-Stomach felt funny-got poisoned after a few minutes-Died-Started Again-Ran to a big city-Looted food and Gear-Got an Axe-Climbed some sort of crane-Found some ammo-On the way down, fell from 5ft height-broke leg-died-Started again-Ran into big cities and towns-got food, weapons, first aid, clothes-survived for hours-ran into a city-found a player-tried a friendly approach-Got Shot-RAGE QUIT!!69/10 - Must TRY!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,14122401,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Algojo,"Wow.Why am I still surprised that there are still people who kiss Rocket's♥♥♥♥♥ and all the while missing the whole point of the review? This is so depressing. These people are what allows games like DayZ to exist: broken♥♥♥♥♥""early access"" ""pre-pre-pre-pre-alpha v0.00001"" titles that are released and never amount to any worthwhile progress.B-BUT MUH EARLY ACCESSPRE-ALPH ;^)♥♥♥♥ing bells and whistles updates all around? Padding the game assets without even doing anything about the horrendous catastrophe that is the BROKEN GAME?What do you find most necessary to have in this game? Actual challenge from supposedly ""realistic"" survival mechanics or straight up more wardrobe options so I can dress up MUH SURVIVOR BARBIE DOLL?Not gonna even consider changing my verdict until this game is in the Final and is the least bit playable."
,Recommended,221100,14352335,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Michel Delpeach,- spawned in north of Novo- found a broom- found a guy with a pickaxe and a backpack- broom vs pickaxe battle- broom won10/10 for cleaning survivors
76561198072161662,Not Recommended,221100,30935731,Posted: 3 April,all,DarkSide,"This game updates like once a year. They promised so many things back in 2015 and guess what, they aint there. Do not buy."
,Not Recommended,221100,8806103,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Big Chewy™,"Wait for the game to get more developed before jumping in and spending your money.  I do not think is fun at the moment with so much that needs fixed and/or improved.  The ""its got potential"" crowd are giving you a coded warning with that statement.  This is a 2yr old mod, yet it doesnt show 2yrs of development.   If you are not already a  DayZ fan, I say wait a bit.It's a BIg Chewy - 6/10"
76561198258606593,Not Recommended,221100,18900404,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,EliteFragsGaming,what is a pIXEL SHADER 3.0 BECOES I DONT HAVE IT :C
76561198010018412,Not Recommended,221100,18782330,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,ajcro,Junk!
,Not Recommended,221100,19162231,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Lydløs_ulv,"This will always be an early access game. Don't buy it, the devs don't give a ♥♥♥♥ any more, if they even did in the first place.This was released late 2013, now almost 2 years later they're adding useless crap like truck batteries into the game instead of fixing obvious bugs like zombies glitching through walls. That's if you even see a zombie any more while looting even in the biggest city in the game. Hell, the only loot you can find these days are chemlights and melon seeds.Then there's the frames you will get, if you even get any. I have a 4690k and a 290x and it barely reaches 30fps in a city in this game, meanwhile getting ~100 in GTAV completely maxed (except AA and a couple unnecessary things) ~100 in Battlefield 4 and ~60 in Fallout 4. It doesn't matter what rig you have or what settings you use, you will NEVER get 60fps in this game in a city.quick edit - upgraded to a 980ti a while ago and it still runs like crap. just thought i'd throw it in here as an idea of how toss this game and engine really is.Screw you, Bohemia. You let us all down after taking our money and abandoning this project.-11/10Good luck porting it onto playstation, you bunch of bellends."
76561197981882560,Not Recommended,221100,22200350,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mingy,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561198156091584,Not Recommended,221100,22162466,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Feed Me Pizza,"THis game is♥♥♥♥♥♥to be honest. I wish I used the money to buy this game to get Arma 2 and Arma 2 Arrowhead to get the original dayz mod. If the Devs listened to the community more the game might be better. Maybe they could work with the Dayz mod creator to make Dayz Standalone better than the original mod (which will possibly never happen). They could event make it with building apart of the mod and not  as a seperate mod (cause who likes downloading stuff for fun when the download takes an hour on most internet connections). All the hours I have in this game were from me playing on 1 server, which I only found 1 gun after 4 hours, the rest of the hours I have were from wandering the ♥♥♥♥ing map without a map trying to get to my friends. If you buy this game, Welcome to Slow♥♥♥♥♥jogging simulator of forever."
,Not Recommended,221100,8087478,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Canlocu,"At this current state (Pre-Build / In-House, This is not an Alpha) this should not have been SOLD to the public let a lone presented to us. The basic physics of the game are not working properly, like being able to see the sun no matter if you are behind an object or in a house or not. This is common mechanics  that should be addressed before you let people test it. The stabbing zombies 20 times and nothing happening but 10 feet away the zombie hits you and you die is a basic combat script that some how a Dev over looked and thought was ok to send off in the release >.> . The pristine guns being off by 4ft is ok because that is a mechanic that needs to be tweaked, not over hauled.The UI needs lots of work, text not changing or showing up and the over complicating of simple combines like opening a can of food vs just right clicking the can if you have a can opener in your bags, makes the game non-enjoyable. Another issue is loot only spawns with server restarts that is every 4hrs, so you got people server hoping for items and daylight (Nights dark and long).I been in tons of alphas and never got charged. I been in Beta's where I pre-ordered a different game and got beta opt'ed. But never charged for an unfinished game in this state. Before the fanboys rage I read the ""Warning"", but the game is not even close to a public finish and I would have not thought it was this bad off. It's like someone saying ""I'll sell you this car, she runs, but not great."" You get in the thing and start down the road to find out there is no brakes and it only turns right, WTF. These are things that need to be said if you are selling a product.Anyways at it's current rate the game should be complete in a year or two. By then it will be out dated compared to Breaking Point ArmA 3, so I would wait because Steam will not give you a refund for this garbage. I had high hopes and in the end I am dealing with WarZ all over again.Untill the game gets up to par, I would NOT recommend this game to ANYONE."
76561198059227571,Recommended,221100,14024925,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Wizard Moose,"Spawned inGot stopped by 4 fully armed menThey knocked me outPut a pink dress on meKnocked me out againStole my bloodAsked me what kind of food they eat in kenyaI answered wrongThey broke my legsAnd said ""Welcome to DayZ""10/10 IGN ""TOO MUCH ZOMBIES"""
,Not Recommended,221100,18952561,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,REXp,Zombie game with no zombies. 10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,17170294,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Cryotechnician,"Not only is itSTILLinALPHAafter over two years of its release, but it also stands as the precursor to all developers/companies that think they can get away rich while not finishing their games because they simply dub it as ""early access."" It has truly put a damper on the gaming industry, and it's just sad to see so much money going to waste. I only wish the ones who purchase such games after knowing what DayZ still is would realize that it's all a lost cause."
,Not Recommended,221100,16097670,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Beeno,"Never known a game that the more updates to come out, the worse the game gets.."
,Not Recommended,221100,18360010,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,MapleHund,"I feel scammedThis game showed promise when it was announced. After nearly two years it still runs terribly even on a good computer, nearly all features that were promised still have not been implemented, you can join a server to find your character is suddenly reset, and items often dissapear when dropped.This game could have been so much better."
,Not Recommended,221100,21869863,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Pichael Thompson,I want my money back you milk drinkers.
,Not Recommended,221100,19298480,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ryan,"Yes. I only have 56 hours to work with here, but can you blame me? I really enjoyed this game when I first bught it. Running around with your friends, shooting up some zombies and others... it was a blast. But, after I saw that this game was never going to be finished (along with most of my friends and I going to the mod) I never saw anymore potential with the game. Sure, they have ideas they would love to implement but its poorly optimized gameplay, bugs, and other things the team decided to take out and bring in just didn't cut it for me. Iv'e always had the thought of giving it another go, but after seeing some of the things they want to add, all you are really doing is paying for a knock-off of the mod. Not only that, but it is never going to finished! So no, even though it is kinda hard to say... I would not recommend this game. At all."
76561198084807805,Not Recommended,221100,23319224,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,The Lord Inquisitor,Do not buy this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,8472712,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ceru,"I do not reccomend the alpha build of the Dayz mod for ARMAII from over a year and a half ago. The standalone DayZ game has some improvements over the mod but sacrifices too much to be priced at 30$. Minecraft launched as an alpha aswell and the price of the game went up as the game was launched, the asking price of DayZ should have been 15$ not 30$.The Posative+You can go in almost any house+You can customise your charactor+You can customise your gunThe Negative-40 players per server-No vehicles-No Animals-One map-No mod support-Game Bugs(the game is alpha this is expected, however it still sucks all the same)-No Tents-Only 4 zombies can chase you at a time-Not many zombies spawn"
,Not Recommended,221100,15269890,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Lizard Woman,"You spawn in, you find a revolver with a bullet in it, your starving. BANG. you are dead."
76561198164369875,Not Recommended,221100,15707371,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Canadian Drank,"I bought this game back in december and played it on a terrible laptop, aside from the lag it was fun. Recently I got a new much faster computer and found this game still was fun on all aspects except for the player base which did not encourage any interaction besides putting bullets in my head."
76561197995256390,Not Recommended,221100,17732763,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Not A Cop,"Loved the mod, and this game was great when it was first released.It runs terrible now. Do not waste your money. Not sure how it keeps getting worse but it does. Go play rust or hell even ark runs better than this!***EDIT***  June 12th 2016So I gave it a go again a few months ago... Still terrible. No performance improvement. Then an update rolled around, installed it and the game didn't work forcing a full delete and re-install. This is the 3rd time this has happened to me now.Go get arma 2 and the expansions. They are cheap then get the free mod. It's way better and actually runs well.Early access for 2-3 years plus now.... And it's still not finished.... It's actually worse.... :-/***EDIT*** July 16th 2017I heard there was a new update so I figured what the hell lets try it again.So it runs a lot better. Performance is improved and no more crash on start up. Still has that same panic feel to in when you run into other players. Wow! This reminds me of...... the FREE mod. Maybe they rolled back some settings to actually get the game running somewhat ok again.3-4 years now and it still feels like it did when it was originally put on the steam store. Sorry its just not worth the 29 or 39 they are selling it for. Pick it up when its on sale or wait until full release (if there ever is one)Still lots of glitches, I had a zed crawling after me warping me all over the map to name one... ......*sign*......"
,Not Recommended,221100,18316307,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Fatal,lol when's ps4 release?
76561198084953400,Not Recommended,221100,18457672,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Not Kosher,"Been 2 years, devs are asleep"
,Recommended,221100,12906879,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,sicwist,Backstabbed a friend for a potato. 10/10
76561197968486722,Not Recommended,221100,8359533,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kitsone,"I can't recommend the current Alpha build unless you're into S&M.  Zombies are only a threat for a short time unless you're extremely unlucky with weapon finds and the player threat is always looming.  The safest way to play is essentially camping and being a♥♥♥♥♥♥to any player that comes along to rob them of their possessions including their blood.  So the end result is usually you're either collecting stuff for robbers until your next life or you're lucky enough to be the♥♥♥♥♥♥for a while.  The hardest way to play is essentially, and not surprisingly, being humane."
,Recommended,221100,8129368,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Oceanic Meatball,"A guy walked in the house we were looting with no pants on and said ""Did somebody order a pizza"".10/10"
,Recommended,221100,8487803,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rubadubblub,Crazy black lady ran at me at full speed and began to hit me non-stop and stripped me before my death. 11/10 would do again
,Not Recommended,221100,22636754,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,iseanm,Coming later than folks think.
76561198041532375,Not Recommended,221100,14546085,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,MysticTurbo,"Do not waste your money on this game.The idea is great, a huge open world where you have to collect, build, defend and survive.  Thats if people played it properly.  During the build of this game the zombies in this game have been almost non existant and when they are around they glitch all over the shop, run through doors, walls and floors.  Introduce the idiots and what you have is a large scale PVP. shot on sight, tricked into being killed, being killed by another fresh spawner.  All players seem to do is kill other player for no reason, if this is what you like then i would suggest games that are meant for that.i honestly cant the see a purpose to this game and now because this is the only way most people play this game its never going to change regardless of added content and for that reason i thinks its doomed for failure.  There are some much better zombie survival games that are infact ""zombie survival"".  If every server has forced pvp on by release then i wont be playing this game.  I guess they have my money already and dont care."
76561198024107355,Not Recommended,221100,18673117,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Purple ♫,gif mi moni bak!
,Not Recommended,221100,22510184,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Waisun,2 year laterstill Early Accessstill like♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,25275666,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,iFuzz,"Only buy this game if your life is boring af, don't waste money/time for a walking simulator."
,Not Recommended,221100,30789411,Posted: 28 March,all,Firefox,"Went to pickup an SKS lying next to a bed, broke my legs, bled out and died.Respawned back there, tried again.Same resultHow this game manages to be 2 years behind its Road Map, I simply do not understand."
76561198045479313,Not Recommended,221100,22158142,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Nickex,"long time player of the Arma2 Mod, enjoyed it very much and accepted its flaws due to it being a mod. I was very excited for standalone as i thought they would just build ontop of what was already there and in a way already functional, but i was wrong.If you want to play DayZ, get Arma 3 and download one of the mods for that (Breaking Point or whatever the latest rendition is) it is far better and the mod (not the game) is free so the devs are doing it because they want to and not just for money.DayZ - Forever Early Access"
76561198209308007,Not Recommended,221100,18493431,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Deadshot_Danny,I cant wait till 2020 to play the game without getting killed by nothing before joining the game.
76561198153979763,Not Recommended,221100,21863435,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,[FGS]ChemicalRSP,"Devs focusing on stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥like wolves and new weapons when the game itself runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've put alot of hours into this game, and feel like I've done nothing of any value. Waste of money and got my hopes up. done waiting for it to be a playable game."
,Recommended,221100,13744427,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,red guy,"fell 4 feet broke my legs, killed myself with a can opener,then came back and ate my dead body.10/10"
76561198069940880,Not Recommended,221100,18880135,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,fRUKT4N,"How can the development of this title not have progressed further considering the amount of money that has been put in to it? 'Hey man, relax it's still in Alpha' Mhm, that's my whole point! This is the same broken game that I purchased in December of 2013! (and yes ofcourse I expected the game to be in a very early stage back then, but that was two years ago)Recently I jumped into the DayZ world again after almost six months without playing and thought, 'Hey let's give it another go, there's has to have been huge improvements by now!'. Er, not exactly. Nothing had changed! Or yeah it had, there were no zombies anymore...Do not put any more money into the pockets of whoever it is who's making a fortune off of this scam, which it basically is.. A bit harsh perhaps but this is ridiculous."
76561197964643995,Not Recommended,221100,30946325,Posted: 4 April,all,wanted,Sadly this was my first Early Access Game... keept me stayed away from them since well... this is the worst game ever...
76561198003498851,Not Recommended,221100,30231302,Posted: 27 February,all,Sgt. Salz,Lamest Looting-Simulator ever!
76561198066322055,Recommended,221100,12429129,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Sheriff,Best addition to the Zoo Tycoon series sense Fallout
,Recommended,221100,13537083,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,CyberAnimus,"I was alone and unarmed, wondering through a neighborhood on the edge of death. I came across a warehouse with some food and a shovel. I turned around to leave to find a masked man with a rifle pointed at my face telling me not to move. I put my hands in the air and he asked if I was friendly and if I needed help. When I told him yes he gave me some food and medical supplies. We then began a journey by going through a nearby town and slowly gaining each others trust. After going through a few zombies, he showed me a tower that had a gun in it I could have. I retrieved the gun, half expecting him to be gone by the time I came back but there he was, waiting amongst a few corpses. He then told me he was a bandit slayer, and had been called to the server to take care of a group that had been holding up in the tower I just left. Over the course of the following hours, we continued an epic journey, traveling through many towns and covering alot of ground in the country. We met other players, some were friends, the rest... we killed."
,Recommended,221100,12649617,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Vladkovich,I ate a banana.
,Not Recommended,221100,19161477,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,KWTxrulz,unplayable
76561198101738929,Not Recommended,221100,16516250,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,kruisin2,"Low FPS. DeSync, Bugs, Hackers, etc."
,Not Recommended,221100,18488664,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Official Overwatch Guy,After like 2 years it's still buggy as hell. Nah
76561198012480838,Not Recommended,221100,18391228,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Batfleck,"2 years of development and this game has the same problems it had in Arma 2. There should be a time limit for games to be tagged as ""under development"" and Valve can't support this behavior."
76561197963655080,Not Recommended,221100,23319079,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,JuneBug,"Would be better slightly if you could keep any type of progress in this game. Even after beating all the dark souls games, this just seems far to unfair and feels more like self mutalation then a video game. Of course like every other online game with pew pew competition there is a decent amount of hackers."
,Not Recommended,221100,18629709,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,strafy da funk,"even tho its early access, its unplayable.no usefull updates, broken gameplay.the performance of this game is ajoke.DONOTbuy this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,17480758,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,yo jerry,DayZ is a perfect example of why early access is a bad idea. Buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Completely broken AI. Lack of content. The game has been out for over a year and a half and development is slow as ever. What would motivate the devs to make a finished game if they already have all of your money?
,Not Recommended,221100,18009517,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Jeebus Crust,"It's been almost two years, still can't build bases, UI still looks and works like trash, zombies are just non-existant, melee is still like being blind-folded and swinging in the dark hoping to hit something, hackers galore, loot is nearly impossible to find and when you do find loot there's a chance you won't even be able to pick the items up due to the wonderful UI (as mentioned before it's trash). Just avoid this game like the plague, if you REALLY must play DayZ just play the mod because this one doesn't seem to be going anywhere at all. But if you love running across a huge map only to end up shot in the back after wasting four hours trying to find food and water. Then by all means, waste your money just as I and many others did.But if you honestly want a great zombie survival game where the devs seem to actually care, go take a look at H1Z1."
76561198083497307,Not Recommended,221100,17292625,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Weipoz,"New engine sucks, FPS sucks, Mod > Standalone. Mod has less bugs and better fps yet didn't have millions of dollars thrown at it? Jesus christ this game is shocking."
,Not Recommended,221100,18171097,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lapiosaatana,After so many years of waiting. I have finaly given up on hope. Don't buy this game there are way better alternatives.
,Not Recommended,221100,25529590,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,SquirmyJ,Not sure how long ago I bought this but its still shiit
,Not Recommended,221100,13824298,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Django,"""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME""1 year of no vital improvement by developers, feel gypped. Enough said.Update 3/22/15 (Strictly my opinion):Developers took my money and wiped it with their a$$ maybe? Money doesnt feel like its going toward the future of this game. No Refunds, its perfect - waste of my cash. I'm not trying to sound over negative but, I've owned enough games to know when a game isn't worth paying for. The value of this, is clearly not here."
,Not Recommended,221100,20598297,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Dinkleberg,Dayz is an extraordinary game that has fast paced combat as you walk for two hours only to be shot. If you enjoy getting kinky and being taken prisoner and force fed random♥♥♥♥♥♥this is the first game to come to mind. I love the feeling after I have been looting for hours and get shot once only to die. This might be the best game on the steam market.
,Not Recommended,221100,16248481,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Force,"Worst game I have played in ages. WarZ/Infestation: Survivor Stories is literally million times better game than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥will ever be.- FPS lag while game still looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥- Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game engine, clunky and buggy as hellAnd so many other faults that you would be mad to even try to list them all.Conclusion: Biggest scam in the last 10 years of gaming history, only buy if you are retard, if you want to play DayZ just play the DayZ mod. Refund asap if you already bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,221100,8589497,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mustafa,"When I first got this game, I had no idea where to go. I ended up sprinting to some place. Some guy with a lot of stuff stopped me and asked me if I needed some food. I replied with a yes and then he made me take off my pants and my shirt and he handcuffed me. My character is black and then the guy started calling me his ""African slave"". He then took the handcuffs back and I tried running away but he shot me. I still have no idea how to play the game, I just run around and have fun with people. 10/10 get this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,24967651,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Josh,"There was a time where DayZ was actually a fun, challenging and creative survival game...Now it's just full of hackers and glitchers.It has been over three years and these problems are just becoming more frequent and annoying.For myself and a few friends, the game is just unplayable at its current state.If you found DayZ looking for a survival game, I suggest that you either buy Rust or wait for DayZ to be in Beta.Graphics8/10Anti Cheat3/10Community5/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,21882583,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,TerlerPerks,"I've played DayZ since day 1. Today, I'm finally fed up with it completely and putting the game down for at least a year or until you guys can fix (HALF) of the bugs. Tonight, I joined a server with a good 20 people in it, got to the NWAF, climbed a guard tower and posted up for a bit. After hanging out for awhile and noticing that there wasn't anyone else there, I went to climb down the ladder. I hit the scroll wheel button which I have set for actions to climb down the ladder, and it shot me off of the ♥♥♥♥ing guard tower onto the ground 10 feet from where I was. I had just about every piece of pristine gear you could get at all 3 airfields COMBINED. I am so mad, it is ridiculous. I'm mad I even started playing DayZ. It's a great concept for a game, but it will NEVER be complete. I've put WAY too many hours into this game for it to do this♥♥♥♥♥♥to me. Plus, I'm running a quad i7 with a decent graphics card and have always had to run this ♥♥♥♥ing game on medium settings. DON'T PLAY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,221100,18467083,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,NickBc,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄DAYZ ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,221100,13431435,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,pug @ hong kong,"As much as I hate to say this, I would not recommend this game to anyone other than people who like to be d!ck and who likes to kill people when they are trying to have a simple conversation, they game has room for so much improvement and it will probably never get what it needs, but the game itself lacks so much to actually be able to be immersed  by the game and it feels as if the game developers failed at this. I mean.. Come on, zombies running through walls, hackers everywhere! Its so hard to get into the game most of the time and I always seem to be running to place rather than trying to survive, like the actual theme of the game is meant to be, I feel like with the right co-ordination and right engine to use the game could be something fun to play, as when you spend 91 hours in the game and no of your friends have it.... gets a bit boring quickly. Overall I would give this game in its current state a 4/10."
,Not Recommended,221100,22051985,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ÆØÅ,"The progress made on this game is  way too slow, they have already got all the money people were willing to spend on the game even after the game is fully released. So they see no reason in finishing it anytime soon,"
76561198068249660,Recommended,221100,8133565,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Duzzins 米軍,BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT ALL ABOARD THE ALPHER TRAIN TOOT TOOT
,Not Recommended,221100,13862480,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,</kashichidoshi>,"Not worth buying. Worst 24 euro spend in my life, this game is worst than WarZ.After almost 300 hours ingame i will never install this♥♥♥♥♥♥ hackers are everywhere.I got pc what costs like 3400 pln. and still can't get 60 fps in cities, they are like 20-15 what is ♥♥♥♥ing unplayable."
76561198058167723,Not Recommended,221100,17515406,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,lil poodle,Sorry to say but this is the biggest let down game of all time.This game deserves to be taken off steam and burnt along with its makers. The amount of FPS drop and how bad this game runs makes me want smash my computer and play minecraft on an ipad.Thanks for ruining the DayZ experience you stinky sloppy turds.Kind regards - Prince
,Not Recommended,221100,17011738,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Questing Guide,"I dont do reviews often but this has to happen, yes it is in alpha, but its been in alpha since December 16, 2013, the game with all its updates has become worse, the concept behind it is awesome, the map you play on is awesome, but the stability of the game it self is horrible, the dev team, does post news it seems like they excist but I believe they dont care at all any more, and since they dont care well I dont care any more, I guess I'll wait for H1Z1 to come out.... Later Daybroken."
76561198024842068,Not Recommended,221100,21941605,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Relakz,Game is too buggy... stopped playing it
,Not Recommended,221100,16208025,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Yasuke CSGO500 #idlemaster,"got the game recommended from a friend, hate it! got killed by a zombie after 3 minutes... controll is so ♥♥♥♥ed up and not good for keyboardI want to refund this game, but i bought it LAST YEAR!!!"
76561198012332648,Recommended,221100,32863872,Posted: 27 June,all,Jrod_Koola,Did this for stickers....
,Not Recommended,221100,11682942,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,.,"Do I think this game can be fun? at times, sure. Would I recommend this game even to a DayZ fan? No.This is one of the worst games in Early Access for one reason; Dean Hall built up so much hype for it and started a game that had amazing potential, then just dumped it like it meant nothing, stopped working on it for a significant amount of time, still hasn't shown up THEN he goes and announces it for console, because apparently he had no other responsabilities to carry out.Dean Hall is a slimy b4stard that will never get my money again.How does the game stand as of now?It's still not fun. You will walk around for an hour and a half and find a screwdriver just to be pointlessly killed by bandits.Meeting up is way to difficult because most of the spawns are up north and walking from one spawn to another takes to long on foot. Weapons are like Diamonds but without weapons or cars WHERE'S THE FUN?!Think about it logically for a moment... Did you like DayZ Vanilla mod? No, you liked the modded versions of it, which Dean Hall had nothing to do with. We don't like Dean Hall's work, we like the communities work on a small mod Dean Hall made."
76561198063612564,Not Recommended,221100,34335685,Posted: 18 August,all,Jintoh,3.Years.Early.Access
,Not Recommended,221100,21845862,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,C2,"They made their money and stopped caring about development. Not sure how on earth they managed to pull off the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ clunky movement/aiming/shooting/everything as the mod they made. It just does not feel right at all to play. I had high hopes and played the DayZ mod for many hours and had fun amidst the stupid clunky jerky laggy feel to every aspect of movement/interaction, but in the end, this was just another money grab. Why complete the game when you've already gotten a nice payday?"
,Not Recommended,221100,18411999,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,What is the point?,"Dayz is one of the best games I have to played to date. With the selection of clothes, this allows me to live out my fantasy as a fashion designer who specifically only does runway shows in the middle of a zombie filled Electro. I also like that I can't control my character finely and just running through a door is a challenge, just like real life. Also not seeing people for a long time and then freaking out when I see them replicates my feelings in real life. Dayz is the most immersive and ♥♥♥♥-filled ♥♥♥♥ game that I have played, just like my ♥♥♥♥-filled ♥♥♥♥ life"
76561198046578006,Not Recommended,221100,22508998,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,jerrymcberry,"When the standalone for this game was annouced i was so thrilled because i loved the mod for arma.But was greatly dissapointed with almost every aspect of this standalone-the performance of the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥-zombies still walk through everything or alternatively, you'll never see a single zombieI would not recommend this to anyone because it isnt even worth $1"
,Not Recommended,221100,22407507,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Grasshopper,early access 3 years
,Not Recommended,221100,21846870,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Toby,"DayZ....Where do I begin?When you start, it's a literal snooze fest, then when you get a gun, guess what?It's still a snooze fest.Then, after months of watching funny clips about the game, you see someone.You expect something amazing to happen, well, then you're shot in the face and nothing happens after that.Look, if you're into a ""zombie"" game (That has little-to-no zombies), sure! Buy this game, but if you don't like games that have been in early access for a few years, that have little-to-no zombies or action, do not purchase this game.Don't even get me started on the glitches. Sure, it's ""early"" access, but they haven't been patching jack♥♥♥♥♥♥for this game, and I usually give early access games a pass, but this game has been out for years. If you want DayZ, get the Arma II mod, it's much better.All I have to say is that this game is boring.Very boring."
76561198139948675,Not Recommended,221100,26140737,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Kexart,I've played dayz for 200 hours or so.. I used to like it. now its just broken and dumb the loot respawns are broken 2 hours today and not one bit of loot in 2 seperate cities
76561198000619373,Not Recommended,221100,23340818,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,HanYolo,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dont waste ur time playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197971911169,Not Recommended,221100,20758096,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,bkozm,"Heed their own warning.""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME FUNCTIONING.""The game has a fun concept but the state that it's in, between the bugs, low FPS, unstable servers, and hackers, makes it a very frustrating experience.This was the first and only early access game that I'll buy, it's not a consumer friendly system. The devs have no incentive to hold their dead lines while they keep getting paid for an unfinished product."
,Recommended,221100,8073419,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,childish sadbino,"Better than the mod by far. It's pretty nicely optimized for an Alpha, but I must stress**THIS IS AN ALPHA. IT IS NOT A PERFECTLY PLAYABLE GAME. IT IS AN ALPHA**It runs, there's zombies, there's weapons and food, all the core elements of the mod amplified with more buildings, better visuals and smoother gameplay with better FPS (at least for me). Pick it up now - Even if you don't play it, the price will only go up because it's increasing in price the more the game develops.Is this game of the year 2013? No. Will this be game of the year 2014? Quite ♥♥♥♥in' likely."
,Not Recommended,221100,15708820,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,BORGBOSS,"I bought the game becasue a friend said it was awesome, but i first started playing it and the graphics are pretty good, though they need optimization.  Other than that. . .  this is the absolute worse game i have purchased.  The controls are the worst and i have played some games with bad controls, i'm telling you these controls are terrible.  I hooked up a sabertooth and the movement was spuradic and uneven, I turned the sensitivity all the way down and it was still just as bad.  I realize this is an early access game, i had non idea it was so bad.  I'm very dissappointed and want my money back"
,Not Recommended,221100,15754759,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Kapitan,I do hope that the game developers will be followed by bad karma and never ever get a job again in a decision making position and just are the bottom of the food chain for the rest of their lives in their jobs.
76561198236151512,Not Recommended,221100,30936832,Posted: 3 April,all,Psychic_Slayer216,THIS GAME IS A SHELL OF ITS FORMER SELF..
76561198090354567,Recommended,221100,9423887,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Black_Mamba,"Have you ever felt the feeling when you're so good at a first person or third person shooter video game that you operate like a robot? You just stare at the screen, feel all hyped up and curse yourself that you died from a camper. That whole scenario hardly exist in DayZ..This game introduces something I've always dreamed of. It delivers outstanding gameplay mechanics in a open sand box environment. Think of GTA 5 in the sense of being able to roam around freely, but a realist first/third person survival horror.Whenever you begin this game without having played the mod you feel a huge sense of confusion. This isn't a game that you simply figure out your keys in seconds. It took me quite a few lives in order to find me an axe and all I could find was pistols with no magazines or bullets. You continously play and feel good about yourself because you're customizing all your gear, weapons and clothing. In seconds though you could see someone and freak out..you just spent all this time looking like a boss in your mind and it could be taken away in 1-2 shots...I suggest you run away and readapt immediately and just track them from a distance until you can establish safe contact or actually it's all up to you what you'd like to do. Shoot them? Cuff them? Break a leg? Is that your style? Maybe you want to run away and figure out somewhere else to go. Do you think you have what it takes to just pour windex down someones throat and know they're going to just die..If not you could help people travel under guard, build alliances and be able to establish good relationships with them.Beware as one of your friends may instantly turn foe and take your head with them. This game shows people's personalities and I highly recommend it.I have over 300+ hours and run a group because I can't get enough. Each update brings new and interesting concepts. For now it lacks vehicles, but the rumors are endless. People want bicycles, cars, humvees, ghillie suits, and the list goes endless. If the hipster movement got super involved in computers they would play this forever until the sun explodes. I can spend hours with my mates and use a ruger 10/22 sporter and a silence 22 pistol and I just wreck shop. Running around like a little ninja with a boonie hat. Reminds me of SOCOM 1 for PS2. Good times..The cons of this game are going to frustrate you bit though..There will be a moment where you can't stand dying from the smallest drop or your rare ability to climb a ladder to the roof of an apartment building. VERY IMPORTANT: MAKE SPLINTS AND HAVE MORPHINE INJECTORS. You will break your legs and it will suck crawling until someone kills your or you die. You will slowly learn all the limits you can achieve. Lag spikes happen and desyncing issues go nuts, but it's being constantly fixed by the developers and they release lots of information the public. Physics will be added in and all sorts of vehicles.You have to be analytical if you want to be a good player in this game. Communication and common sense go far in this game. Work together..less people go to the northern cities so it's easier to find good loot there then go to the south for a blood bath. The game has it's safe zones..it's called go hide somewhere good like the cliff side of svetlojarsk near the train yard and you can see the southern main road crossing connecting the two main roads heading west. You can loot the place, sit down and just enjoy a good time. Then go back in the city..practices your kill streak on bambi's by running down the east coast and hit elektro for some real tactical fun. Larger servers bring more interesting games, but if you're a noob stick to the lower servers because you can understand the game. It has a steep learning curve, so you can just learn your map and develop infantry tactics. Well I've spoken too much.Buy this game..it only gets better and harder.Also if you buy it now it probably will be cheaper than waiting until the full game.You will die a lot though. Also it's different than Arma 3. Buy that game too, because it's made by the same developers as DayZ.I'm a bandit in certain areas...Some people can't be trusted. Warnings are always given out..but people think bullets are marshmellows :)Have a fun time!"
,Recommended,221100,9053276,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,CamP,Murdered all of my friends at a gas station.
76561198034485845,Not Recommended,221100,22217176,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Codein Carlos,"I rather poke my eyeball with a fork, then install this crap ever again."
,Not Recommended,221100,21071397,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Okami,"Decent game, had a lot of fun playing with friends. It just didn't deliver what was promised. Arma 2 / 3 DayZ mods are way ahead in terms of finished product."
76561197999546591,Not Recommended,221100,11679466,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,natashagmt,False advertising by placing this as the most popular game. its been in space 1 or 2 as msot popular putchase for last 6 monmths. thats BS. DONT waste your money
76561197968131332,Not Recommended,221100,16432380,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dude,Let me get this straight. I paid $29.99 to support this developer.  A year has passed and it still prett much the same glitchy crap game it was when I downloaded and to boot they announce today they are beginning development of some new game called ION?This is what is wrong with Alpha builds and this whole system of allowing developers to get paid before the game is done.  It is insulting and a rip off and this developer in particular is robbing their fans and now funding the development of a whole new title before he even completes this craptastic one.Update 02/21/16 -- 2 years - still tripetastic buggy crap.......Still has a legion of trolls defending it.  Who wastes their time attacked neg reviews for horrible buggy alpha development games?Dont you all see that they are just ripping people off and Valve is benefitting from it and they don't care.BOYCOTT THESE ALPHA GAMES AND YOU WILL SEE THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ABUSE OF US END.
,Not Recommended,221100,14942650,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,TopSecret,"It's been close to a year since I have been truly into playing this game, due to work and my travels, I find it hard to find the time much less a decent hotel internet connection to play, not to mention, I would have hoped for more with my absence. I played tonight, I was actually a bit giddy to see that there was an update, that went to the toilet soon after I got into play. It's sad to see the same bugs, glitches, and down right obnoxious moments while playing! Yet, you can't help to smile when you come across a teddy bear holding bandages, or a broom stick that may allow you poke an eye out of a foe and or zombie before you meet your enevitable deprise, death. I mean seriously, if you fall but more than two inches, you're still rendered motionless which is unfortuneate if you're being chased by a zombie, or say you come across a much needed snack along your jouney like a can of tuna, but your character doesn't see it, or how about the time when you're running around after being attacked and your vision is all blurred, a quick visit to the graphics options fixes it... WTF? It's been a year! Fix the bad before adding more features, is that not hard to imagine? I feel bad for the people who are actually dishing out the amount of money that they're trying to get for it, to say the least I'm happy that I only wasted a small amount. By the way I have just under 300 hours with this game so I'm not a newb by any means, it may not be as much as some others, but give me a break guys! This is sad! And yes I understand that it's still beta, which is why I didn't complain a year ago but rather help the process and both myself and my friends reported these problems, did I mention this was a year ago??? Rant over, this is still a sad and pitiful game.To anyone that is looking into this game a potention new pass time, please do yourself a favor and stay clear, actually, run!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18368294,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Anastasia,Biggest pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever played...
76561198062584532,Not Recommended,221100,17228329,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,$LACK,"Not great,  ill check it out again in a later stage of development"
,Not Recommended,221100,18562227,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Udysseus,"A good game concept, ruined by bugs and engine issues."
76561197999889701,Not Recommended,221100,21107568,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Squidly,"Dayz is an interesting game, but thats about it.  Its not actually ""fun"" unless you have a group to work with.  Besides being glitchy as all hell the thing that turns most people away is the pure pvp mindset that most people have while playing.  Even if youre a fresh spawn people have no second thought to kill you besides the fact that they can.  And with the most recent update adding in more weapons and ammo to the towns and cities this means that more players are running around shooting on sight.  While there is no issue with PvP in the endgame, in spawn towns it just turns people away formt he game.  In its current state the game is interesting but not fun enough to spend the $30 on."
,Recommended,221100,9365824,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,laggin24x,I am quite enjoying the SA.
76561198125659487,Not Recommended,221100,15784697,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Child Soldier,"this game was once fun, i had had the most fun during 0.54, however since the udpate 0.55 this game has sucked♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is dreadful to play, only unneeded items spawn but never food, the zombies are buggier than ever and clobber the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me in a matter of a few seconds, you also promoted the more survivor like feel of te player providing food for themself e.g. growing plants, how am i meant to grow a plant when i cant find a god damn shovel or seeds or even a ♥♥♥♥ing water bottle, or if i manage to find these items that i wont starve to death before the plants even begin to grow. these reasons are why i stopped playing.then i had hope, i heard the 0.56 exp had released and thought the bugs and aids like loot spawns have been dealt with, i was eager to try the new weapons but how am i meant to make it to the centre of the map before ♥♥♥♥ing starving to death because of lack of food, and it doesnt help when the character is such a fat♥♥♥♥♥♥that 10 tomatoes can't sustain his stupidly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ HUNGER. then when i was gangbanged by a large group of zombies i started to bleed, wanting to solve this problem i hid inside a house and tore my shirt into rags, then out of mysterious wonder my rags disappeared into thin ♥♥♥♥ing air, great, i was then royally ♥♥♥♥ed so i progressed to jump off a tall bulding to my demise because i had no hope of finding a shirt knowing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of the game. pls make the loot spawns similar to 0.54 and keep the zombies the way they are now just try and FIX THE BUGS.dear dayz developers pls stop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game and ruining it!!!!!"
76561198002235698,Not Recommended,221100,18009724,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,driverofcar,"Its like the developers gave up. Like there is only one guy left in the whole office that's STILL working on patches, little by little. Poor guy must be the laughing stock of the dev room because he thinks he can still save this dead horse that has been rotting for 3 years. So much potentional, so much left to do, so little effort. This game deserved so much more. I hope the project is scraped and made into the game engine it deserves, into the hands of the dvelopers it deserves to finally give an amaxing gameplay experince to the players that deserve its awesomeness. Or maybe just crash and burn becuase 99% of players just want to♥♥♥♥♥♥ pillage, plunder, cheat and betray. Should make a game about that......"
,Not Recommended,221100,22622902,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,KingNigelOfTheKookaburraCreek,MY JOURNEY OF DAYZspawns in for the first timedoesn`t know where i amlooks up map on wiki/googlehas no idea where i am on the mapthinks for 5mins behind a tree in a bushsomeone tells me to not movei don`t move he takes my pantsruns offlooks around finds out basically that i was walking on an empty worldkills selfeveryone joinsgoes completely insanegoes to asylmcomes back after 20 years the full version of half life 3 has been releasedcomes on dayzit`s still in early alphakysREPEATI have 27 hours on this game but have never shot a gun exept for a flare gun
34667867568867676,Not Recommended,221100,21830237,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,CURRY IN A HURRY,Somehow runs worse than the orginal mod. Also doubt it will ever come out of early access at this point.
76561198060010589,Not Recommended,221100,21913759,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,< blank >,"Couldn't play even on minimum settings with a decent rig. Had to ditch it. Decided to check the game after 1+ year and the game is still in early access state. IMO, not worth of purchase."
,Not Recommended,221100,16563734,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Slevin,After all the time which has passed I can definitely say that I won't recommend this game to any Arma II Day Z mode lovers.Reasons are:> Low FPS in the cities> Bugs/Glitches> Useless updates with minimum useful improvementsThis was the biggest waste of my funds.
,Not Recommended,221100,22670349,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,wegiyuiguys2,"A big problem with the game is that the developers focus too much on adding new things (rpg, machine gun, helicopter, cars, etc) instead of fixing what already exists (buggy zombies, doors, etc,). Would only recommend if you have people to play withEdit: I always think about changing the review but I cant when every few days I die to a glitch"
,Not Recommended,221100,22201663,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Mike Londen,forgot I even had this game
,Not Recommended,221100,24824642,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Joop.mmg,"Release Date: 16 Dec, 2013Still early access.Nuf said?"
76561198122608532,Not Recommended,221100,18457528,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,XIIIX,I would rather masterbait with sand paper than play this..
,Not Recommended,221100,16986829,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Alpha ExoTic_,got banned for no reason
,Not Recommended,221100,22963491,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,OpenAI (EE THROW MODE),"2 1/2 years of Early Access, still isn't completedlol"
,Not Recommended,221100,20709599,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Batfan,Spend your money on something that works
76561198079409338,Not Recommended,221100,22507189,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Johnny Reb,"this game excels at being worse than any other pre alpha ,alpha and released dayz mods around ranging from arma 2 to 3. holy♥♥♥♥♥♥i didnt think a game could get any clankier than the original mod but they proved me wrong with this pile of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198031409404,Not Recommended,221100,23304915,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,AradanSK,"The worst early access title ever and the biggest money steal in steam history. It only showed nature of czech an slovak developers. I am slovak, so I know very well our nature. The game had huge potential and atmosphere was really, really great, best ever in any game I felt. Unfortunatelly, the developers are really so amateurish, in other ea titles, you have patch with new content and bugs at least each month, here you have nothing during whole year. Game with zombies without zombies almost one year beacause of their inability to program them correctly. No, keep away from their titles. It was absolutely last game from bohemia I ever bought. If bohemia want have such customers ever, they should raise general pardon and give all back their money for this title."
76561198080471126,Not Recommended,221100,21930040,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,McNutt,It is very clear that this game will never get out of alpha.
76561198253731702,Not Recommended,221100,22527305,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,dremick65,This game is really bad please read this dont get this game the moment I got it it was just a pile of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but hey the uninstall button worked so that was the only benefit of the game
76561197994534752,Not Recommended,221100,22404252,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Juicy Gary Busey.,"This was honestly the worst experience I've ever had with a game. I couldn;t even get a refund. The controls are lackluster, the UI is poorly designed and the game play is worse that watching paint dry. Don't bother"
,Not Recommended,221100,30931802,Posted: 3 April,all,pizzama2003,I want my money back you ♥♥♥♥er.
,Not Recommended,221100,20411490,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Aku Aku,"Shame to say that this game is far from what I expected when I bought this nearly 2 years ago. With an early access game its easy to expect omptimization issues and glitches here and there, but early access for 2 years and with minimal improvements is ridiculous. There is still so much that needs to be done to this game just to make it playable.I used to play the DayZ mod for Arma II, I fell in love with that mod, and with the standalone I expected great things. It sucks to come back every few months or so to see little to no improvement.Who knows, maybe the developers will get themselves together at some point and actual properly finish this game.As is, I recommend steering clear of this one."
76561198027470545,Not Recommended,221100,18928941,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Sierdto,"I bought this game  in February 2014. Back then it was early acces alpha and now 7 November 2015 it is still early acces Alpha. I dont believe this game will ever go out of early acces.Positive things about this game that it is a bit realistic with food and drinks, it was way worse but it has improved. Another positive thing for me is that you have to survive and be sneaky, because everyone will kill you on site.Dont think you get friendly interactions with other people that dream will be broken everytime. Kos (kill on site) is a normal thing in this game and will always be there even though the devs try to tackle this.This game is also very glitchy: Zombies go through walls, teleporting zombies, invisible zombies, teleporting players because they lag or hack.Overall I dont recommend you to buy this game. If I say it's a mess, then I am beeing nice about the game... Dont buy the game. Dont waste $35 on this game or $20 or whatever the price is now. just like I did. Spend it on something better.I hope this review was helpfull and convinced you not to buy this game.."
,Not Recommended,221100,21677883,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,thePyat,"This absolute mess of a thing is a joke. I run ARMA III in high with 70ish frames and it looks great. I put this in very low, it looks like rubbish, and I stutter like a complete dogbat. Go back to the ARMA II engine because the crud you've come up with here is the worst optimised platform I can remember seeing... and I played Rome II !!They'll come out with some crap like ""oh but it's in Alpha""... So! you're charging $35US for it and it ran like a dream when it was ""pre-alpha"" using the ARMA II engine. Apparently pushing the game to a standalone waayyy too early and losing the fan base is a good idea. *slow clap*Do not buy.. regardless of what you're running. Browse around and you will find people sufferring these issues with $2000+ systems. GTX 970/80's... i7 4th-6th gen. It doesn't matter - it looks like crap and runs like crap. The gameplay is a non-issue at this stage."
76561198085353484,Not Recommended,221100,32275200,Posted: 8 June,all,Used Dinar TREE,I would rather buy a game from EA than whatever the hell this is.
76561197981675209,Not Recommended,221100,22700165,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,The Saiyan Prince,Wish I could get a refund. Game never lived up to expectations.
,Not Recommended,221100,19515878,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Lucas,"Horrible gameIt's honestly stupid how Arma 3 Dayz mods are better than this.Even Arma 2 OA Dayz is better than this garbage of a game.Price Started at 20 and now it's 35 and the creator of the game left the team.Don't buy this garbage of a ""game""."
,Not Recommended,221100,31367010,Posted: 25 April,all,Waffles,Game is dead like the AI
76561197974462191,Not Recommended,221100,17555667,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,brianesser76,"This game is horrible. I initially had high hopes for this game, but almost 2 years on, this game is still utter garbage. And no amount of water carrying by the fanbois in the forums will change that fact. I just hope it gets completed in time for my grandkids to play it."
,Not Recommended,221100,22670279,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Ciani,The Division will be fixed before this game is released
,Not Recommended,221100,22711009,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Unoriginal Joe,"25% lag, 10% fun, 14.9999% hackers with zero skill, 0.0001% kindess, 50% rage, and 100% reason to Alt+F4 the game."
76561198051561419,Not Recommended,221100,21937365,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Jayslays,I've had this game 2 years and nothing has changed. LolEDIT: 5 months later this game has now gave me♥♥♥♥♥♥cancer
76561198027954037,Not Recommended,221100,22192831,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Horizonist,"I am one of the people who got onboard with DZ way back in 2011-2012, when it was still just an Arma2 mod. It had amazing potential back then, and I had a ton of fun playing it with my friends, despite how broken it was. That was ok - it was just a pre-alpha. Give it a few years, I said, and we will have a stable release which will rock the world.Then it arrived on Steam. Paid full price for it. Let's support the devs. Gotta be out of alpha soon, right? Will stay away from it until then.Now, mid-way through 2016. I check in again after almost 3 years and...the game is still in alpha. Not only that, but over the past several years the devs decided to write their own engine to run it, rather than using a third-party or even their own. I think this decision may be to blame for all of this - apart from sucking up dev time, it feel extremely unoptimized. The game both looks and runs bad on high settings.This is where it dawns on me, really, that this game will never be finished. I hope those who bought it will have as much fun with it as they can, but for me this is the end of the road. Thanks for the good memories, DZ and the awesome team behind it. Wish you all the best."
,Not Recommended,221100,23295715,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,cameron,its garbage lol
76561197970119676,Not Recommended,221100,34013722,Posted: 4 August,all,◯ccam's ☈azor,"I'm here to add the last nail in the coffin...Early access literally provided these developers a way to legally scam steam customers.The developers are only friendly when you say "" OH WOW NEW AK SKIN AWESOME BRO"" and when I reached out to them saying how about you guys work on fixing the game bugs instead of new skins I was immediately banned from contacting them with one reply saying ""We have different teams for bugs and graphical development"".Steam should give everyone a ♥♥♥♥ing refund!"
,Not Recommended,221100,21400168,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,please hire me i really need a j,why does this♥♥♥♥♥♥still have mostly positive reviews
,Not Recommended,221100,15730498,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dr.Northy,it's♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,13279040,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Biifurcatiion,im going to have this preface here since criticism tends to be completely disregarded unless people acknowledge that its an early access game like its some all-applicable terms of service agreementthat really shouldnt be a greedy devs ace in the hole for years on end when any and all criticism leads to the game devs jamming their fingers through their eardrums and pointing at the early access 'haha its our money now but well fix it we promise' spiel they had pre-typed and slapped onto the store page for just such an occasion and this seems to happen every time devs are given a legal green light (pun intended this time) to take the money and run for the hills as long as their product can technically be playedit wasnt any consolation for dudes that took their chances with starforge or towns or that one gnome game i cant be bothered to google and it shouldnt be any for dudes that paid the entry fee for the arma 2 mod all over again for a net gain of a handful of guns and cavity crippling disappointmentif you dont have the time for a tolstoy novel ill just summarize this entire thing with the following run on sentencethe arma games continue to have more to offer and i dislike how instead of trying to work the bugs out and reduce the games odds of ruining your♥♥♥♥♥♥on a whim rather than a chance the devs simply pile on more features/guns/pants the game couldve waited for until it could let you not have your kneecaps implode before factoring in the bandits/zombiesalso two of this games featured awards are for a genre it isnt even really a part of unless every game with more people than you could comfortably sit at a revolving sushi bar qualifies for mmo status and ones that let you think of a name and backstory without correcting you are all rpgs these daysthree of the remaining four are then from the same fear awards dudes which just gave them second for best multiplayer and third for best ipim not going to bring ign up at all but gamestar offered them the prestegious 'bestes-early-access-spiel' award which gave me a few chucklespoint is im not a hundred percent sure what this says about anything but i definitely wouldnt count on the awards to tell you if you want this gameanyways on to the actual gamethe games obviously based off the popular arma 2 mod where you lodge lead chunks in fellow players skulls for beans and cola and if youve ever tried the experience for yourself i beg you to keep on doing precisely that for an additional $0.00 surcharge because the only things this version has on it are a small pile of guns and the ability to make survivors wear handcuffs and eat stale capn crunchthey certainly plan on adding even more features than theyve currently got but no matter how many colors of pants i can have the core gameplay remains buggier than a motel in arizona and approximately none of those kinks were worked outthing is youre still going to get invisible zombies gouging chunks of your face out and the ethereal legions of the dead will happily tear their way through just about any wall in the game and get to you on a whimyoull also have to be wary of the psionic members of the living dead thatll preform an excisional biopsy on you from a good five meters away before closing the distance just to ♥♥♥♥ with youplayers can easily get in on the fun and hack to their hearts content since theres precisely jack♥♥♥♥♥♥stopping them from one-upping your three hour gun hunt with a five second national guard armory summoning ritualladders continue to be lovecraftian horrors beyond human comprehension and more than capable of shattering bone on a mere whimeven homes wont show mercy since youll be stuck in a wall should you approach it unconventionallythe biggest spoiler i have for you is that the entirety of chernarus is actually an enclosed area meant to train super sayians at a hundred times earths gravityyoull realise this upon falling off of a small rock or a staircase half your height and having your legs turn to splinterswhile the melee combats no longer preformed with wands that fire thousandths of themselves at hapless adversaries i havent seen any changes to the fact that the arc of the swing might as well be replaced with you casting soviet hexes on the sentient bean container youre aggressing at the time since the engine that made melee combat a hassle was brought back with few changes overallso few that i retained my arma profile name and the occasionally effective anticheat softwares still bohemias in entiretytheres a pretty solid amount of weapons overall and instead of filling this entire paragraph with repeated statements of 7.62x51 being different from 7.62x54r ill just mention the typesyouve got an admirable assortment of things to hit people in face with and somebody even had the foresight to order an arming sword from the budk catalog and the clumsiness and omnipresence to abandon it at multiple locationsyouve also got a pretty good stockpile of arms ranging from four 12 gauge shotguns to three various grenades along with an assortment of rifles and two submachine guns to bootalso available is the highly concealable derringer that could help you out in a pinch if it couldnt immediately be pinpointed by chernarus' resident handcuff wielding aikido mastersyou really cant knock any of these if youre taking the head on approach and applying them directly to the forehead but odds are good that youre going to go with either the most accurate or fastest firing gun you can scrounge ammo for off handcuffed friendliesespecially since guns resembling the as50 and its slavic anti foot munitions have been done away with in entiretywhile very few of the core issues were smoothed out in any way devs seem to be adding customization options and minor gameplay features like theres no tomorrow and while thats fitting with the theme i dont really see how painting flames on the car was a hell of a lot more important than scraping the caramel out of its engine block or swapping the bike tires outand sure peopleve paid good sums of money for reboots that brought a few additions or maybe just a graphical overhaul and a compatibility patch but this isnt really any of thosenot only is the original dayz nowhere near old forgotten or defunct enough to call for a reboot but this was touted as a standalone that would have worked out the bugs inherent to taking a game engine custom tailored around milsims and bringing a full-fledged survival game out of itunless aesthetics and additional features compensate for a lack of optimization its effectively worse than the original and in the event that you take exception to that consider if it was worth paying twice for dayz in exchange for whats currently just some variety within one of armas multiple respectable modsand hell even if you bought this one first you effectively missed out on the fun of the other mods along the genuinely good milsim and unofficial dayz additions arma had to offer in exchange for dayz alone at a higher pricenot to mention that at this rate duke nukem forevers going to have a shorter alpha period and less game breaking glitchesif you havent purchased either strongly consider going with arma since at the very least it offers no less than three good experiences in one for a fraction of the priceas with starforge im honestly hoping im proved completely wrong on all fronts over the coming months considering that even if you were to omit the core premise of legions of bumhungry zombies thisd easily be the most complete survival experience to date if the devs deliver on at least a good chunk of their promisesalso as with starforge theyve been nothing but promises for quite a while but check back every now and then just to see if they werent ♥♥♥♥ing around when they made emill be checking back on this one occasionally but if i happen to be full of♥♥♥♥♥♥on any front dont hesitate to inform me of it
76561198057571485,Not Recommended,221100,15795790,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Redneb27,Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,221100,22508465,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Rapidvalj,"Absolutely terrible waste of your time. These developers cant code for♥♥♥♥♥♥ there are no ♥♥♥♥ing zombies, the fps in towns is about 2, and everyone is bloody great ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Do not buy this unless you enjoy pain and suffering."
,Not Recommended,221100,18767022,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,TheColdTurtle,Released 2 years ago and still in beta.Not to mention they increase the price during sales.
,Not Recommended,221100,23382066,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,🌵すいか,This game has been in development for 2 years and its still in ALPHA.This video sums it up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVkesXLjxMYTL;DR the mod will always be better. Don't waste your time.
76561198064884175,Not Recommended,221100,22581280,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Bobstaco,Garbage game with glitches
76561197972228376,Not Recommended,221100,20227650,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Huffel,"Game concept is really good and looting stuff and general survival is lots of fun and fights are _very_ intense. Stay away for now though: desync and the clunky engine are ruining most encounters with players.You fight:50% your own character (""STOP EATING, A NAKED GUY IS BEATING YOU!"")25% desync (you'll get shot by players you just put 20 AKM rounds into / randomly break your legs)15% other players10% environment (survival / zombies)"
,Not Recommended,221100,16470187,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Charlos,"Only reason I have this many hours is from playing with friends. If you like walking, this game is for you, At least 100 hours of my 114 are spent running round looking for gear. Then if you get into a firefight, The game is so poorly developed you don't know If you've hit someone more than 300m away. But it isn't bandits you have to watch out for, IT IS THE ♥♥♥♥ING ROOFTOPS, Countless times have i seen and been part of glitches that kill you instantly, without mercy. I mean seriously you'd think after 18 months in Early Access, They would have at least fixed something, I'll admit, the frames are now better than what they were a year back. But what have the Devs done? They've added in so much cosmetic useless♥♥♥♥♥♥ some new guns and 2 new vehicles (basically the same thing) that are so hard to find and if you do, you'll need a way to get fuel otherwise it's back to lets ♥♥♥♥ing jog all over the map until some useless ledge decides it wants to ♥♥♥♥ me over the edge. Seriously? I wholeheartedly do NOT recommend you buy this game. I thought it would've improved, But the mod is still leaps and bounds ahead of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ hell at least when you die from a glitch in DayZ mod you can take it more lightheartedly than this. But if you die, you best be hoping for a new spawn close to where you died or else it's R.I.P. gear. To summarise, Not only is this game currently a waste of money but also a waste of hard drive space, I'd rather have 9.5 gigs worth of gifs of paint drying than have to install this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again. Maybe i'll come back in 5 years time to see if they've added in a red scarf or some new boots instead of fixing this monstrosity that they have created."
,Not Recommended,221100,21145707,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Black Woman in World Ward II,Maybe the real beta will be released in 2023..
,Recommended,221100,8160210,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Geoff Shen,"Played it for 7+ hrs at one sitting. Couldn't find each other with my friend for a couple of hours, died numerous times. But we had a great time, it was like the best DayZ experiences are all back again. I think I'm a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DayZ player, but it didn't matter. You'll die after all, one way or another, and it doesn't matter how much you did in this life. It's the unique experience with your friends that matters.Notice: keep in mind it's a REAL alpha. Get ready to be frustrated if you want to have a flawless experience.What might happen in this early access:Your character might get killed by a glitch and the gears that you spent hours to find all lost.You can't have smooth frame-rate on your computer.... and more.My advice on BUYING DayZ:You can always wait and watch a lot of streams and videos to see if the game really suits you.And the alpha price will last a really long time, don't feel rushed.(edit 11 Dec 2014: The price went up just as the planned. If you are interested and still haven't bought the game, and you don't really care about paying more. I would recommend you to buy the game before Beta which is around the end of 2015. Since you've waited this long. Why don't you just wait a little longer?)READ THE ROAD MAP HERE:http://dayz.com/blog/dayz-moving-into-2015My advice on playing DayZ:Don't be a maniac.    EDIT: though sometimes it's fun..."
76561198074347395,Not Recommended,221100,22198242,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Goosus Christ,This game makes wanking with sandpaper sound entertaining...
,Not Recommended,221100,32481774,Posted: 16 June,all,Sly,What a god damn mess of a game.
76561198013912093,Not Recommended,221100,18164483,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Fields,"*Updated Review*Last time I reviewed this game the zombies were taken away which made the servers run better? The Zombies have since been added back to the game; or at least I think they have. I have yet to run into any zombies yet. The game is still a massive PVP at the Northwest Airfield, so much so that maybe the Devs could get rid of the zombies all together and rename the game to Donetsk Simulator. The Devs always talk about how far they have come in their updates and try to trick us with their words. I am glad they finally added the shootable hockey puck to go with the hockey stick. All jokes aside the game is still as bad as when I first reviewed it. Hopefully 2016 will be better for DayZ. ""Game gets a 1/10 this time for Zombies being readded.""*Reviewed Sept 23rd 2015* - This game has been early access since Dec 2013, and the game has gone anywhere but forward. It is now September 2015, and I would easily refund the game if I could. I realize its early access but I never imagined early access for almost two years. The game has gone backwards, they fix one thing, but twenty more problems arise. Also the name of the game should be changed in my opinion. Something like ""DayP"", ""DayE"", or ""DayG"", since zombies cease to exist, and the only thing to kill you are the Players, Environment, or Glitches and bugs. My suggestion would be to spend your money elsewhere, the game isnt getting better anytime soon. ""I would rate it a 0/10"""
,Not Recommended,221100,18362615,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Jko,"Been out for around two years now. Still boring and unplayable. Don't buy this game, go play the Arma 2 mod instead."
,Not Recommended,221100,18325092,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Samek47®,For now Dissapointed
,Not Recommended,221100,18168805,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Baylien,Soooooooooooooo.  I paid all this money.  For a game that probably won't be finished.  All the while i could just play Arma 3 mods.  Ok.  Makes sense.
,Not Recommended,221100,24969593,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Hildibrand Manderville,"Don't really bother with this. The game is an absolutely bug-ridden mess, and it makes an abomination of the early access concept. It's been early access since 2013, and the devs cannot find it within themselves to care about this game nor it's future. I should clarify that the game may have a few small details done better than the mod, but as a game itself, it really just throws away so much content, as well as what makes the game worth experiencing.Go buy Arma 2: Combined Operations and play the DayZ mod(s). Much more stable, more content, and much preferable to this standalone."
76561198043125669,Recommended,221100,10078530,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,EmergencyBread,"This isn't even version 1 yet, only something like 0.0-something. Nonetheless, there is still much to explore, do, find, and craft."
76561198056433076,Not Recommended,221100,9187631,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Grizzles,"A classic from the mod version but not enough in it to keep you entertained, as many of times die from having nothing on your character or fully geared it dosnt matter anymore. Right now the games grpahics, sound are great but as for gameplay the developers realy need to get there♥♥♥♥♥♥together to make this a good title because as it stands its just a PVP FPS.As you'l learn even if you aquire loads of goods ie. guns, food, meds, at some point your going to die and have to do it all again which is fine i understand that, and thats the whole purpose of the game its about survival. But there's realy nothing to do even if you do aquire all that inventory, fine kill players great!.. but what then? you'l find yourself quite bored with the title a week later because you will understand and as alot of other players do' whats the point... There are no tents even to hold you gear which would be a nice gesture towards the game, but there isn't.Its your choice get the game have fun experiences for a while then realise acually there realy isn't much to do. Plus the presence of hackers is still well within Dayz standalone even with Battle eye. As of right now im done with Dayz until they start bringing in alot more intersting aspects its far from being anything like the mod version as yes im well aware its alphabut its missing valuable aspects' the most important aspects which is why the mod for now will survice over the stanalone.Also if that isnt enough count how many times you pick a server and it hasnt loaded your gear so your a fresh spawn. What a suprise its happened again fresh spawn lost everything. where will i spawn lets see oh look Solinichy for the god damn 50th time!."
76561198068417007,Not Recommended,221100,15321175,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,DutchSkipper,I am studying for Game-Artist at the moment.And what i see is that the devs left this game.......You devs had a really good basic fundement for a standalone.It had the potential and players loved dayz from it's modsAnd now you guys got your money you just left de developpment.You guys are a shame for the Game-Industry!It took half a year to create one SIMPLE NOT FINISHED TRUCK what i can do in a month (high poly)At the moment you guys aren't lisstening to your players.I am sorry.......This game is not worth the 30 euro's
,Not Recommended,221100,14124540,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Joshua Norton,"I played the dayz mod for 2 years and besides it's problems and glitches(wich it had a few) it was way more fun, stable and balanced then the standalone ever was.Take the zombies for once: In the mod, they are slow, easy to trick, not as strong and you can break line-of-sight but there are many of them in exchange of that.In the standalone, they are fast as hell, will find your exact position 5-10 minutes after a shot even if you moved 1km, you can't really break line-of-sight and they hit you through walls/from meters away so hard that you will die after a few hits.The performance is ridicoulusly bad, even if your hardware exceeds the recommended specifications, wich is a joke since the required specs stated by the devs are basically a lie.This either leads to the conclusion that they are willingly tricking potential buyers or they just have no idea how their game performs on an average hardware setting.The character movement and animations feel clunky and odd at best, often leading to animations blocking other actions and your immediat reaction to a new situation...wich will lead to a quick death eventually.I never had this problem with the mod, although the animations from arma 2/dayz mod are not the best, they at least don't prevent you from reacting to situations.This game is a bad joke in the moment and one of the worst games of bohemia interactive i have played so far, that including early days arma 2(wich was just bad and filled with problems/bugs) and arma 3(wich shows a lot similarities to dayz standalone in terms of optimizing).EDIT:To all the people stating this game in its current state is a good game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klwY-86NQJQ&list=PLBC636EFE2423AC30EDIT 18. of March 2016:So, i came back after several months not playing the game at all.Me and a friend decided to give the game another chance to see if the recent patches and the new renderer had done at least something to the performance.My first spawn was at Solnichny, where i was greeted with a blasting 26FPS on medium/low graphic settings.After setting everything to low and changing ""graphic memory"" from auto to 2048mb i got around 28-30 FPS stable in Solnichny.So far the usual i guess.I anyway started to pick up some houses, looking for loot and started gearing up a bit.After around 10 minutes, i started to notice that there where no zombies at all and wondered if that may have been a glitch or a server hiccup or anything so i asked my friend, which had spawned in Kamyshovo if he had seen any zombies.None on his part either.We deciced to meet up and have a look at the map and the loot spawning on our way and perhaps maybe find some zombies.As soon as my friend reached the outskirts of Cherno, his FPS dropped to 16-20 but he found some zombies(yay) but further FPS drops in the city made it impossible for him to properly fight and after a couple of minutes, he died due to him fighting not only the zombies but the FPS which had gone down to 10-15 in the inner parts of the city(he played on the lowest settings).As soon as i reached Elektro, my FPS dropped down to 20-24 as well and that was the point where we decided to stop our little experiment, since we anyway didn't know what to do in a zombie apocalypse game with no zombies on a server where PvP wasn't wanted and two other people on it.So yeah, this game just got worse performance wise.I went from usually 30-36 FPS on this system:R7 260 2048MB Graphic8GB DDR3 1333mhz RAMAMD Phenom II X4 965 4-Core 3400MHz CPUto this system now:R9 390X 8192 MB GDDR516GB DDR3 1666mhz RAMAMD FX-8350 8-Core 4000 MHz CPUand i still get a worse performance with the current version of the game compared to what i got back with my old system and the old version of the game, despite their new renderer.Like really, if you still want to buy this game, at least wait until its released, its just not worth the trouble."
,Not Recommended,221100,17178736,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,[MKN] rUzSiAnJeSuZ,You are better off getting arma 3 and downloading the breaking point mod.
,Not Recommended,221100,17370826,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Mitch Conner,garbage
76561198069991539,Not Recommended,221100,17407914,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Jack Burton,The year is 2072 and this game is finally complete!
,Not Recommended,221100,17249901,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ROOFUZ,"I was extremely excited about this game. I had hundreds of hours in the mod and even ran my own server that had a large amount of regular players. Sadly, this game has become one of the biggest jokes in the PC gaming world. It is the definition of a cash-grab Early Access game. There are countless reviews going into specific details so I will keep mine short. Do not but this game."
76561198082322617,Not Recommended,221100,23354136,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,gaytheist,Buggiest pos I have ever played in my life. Total waste of time.
76561198102815873,Not Recommended,221100,25038635,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Andy Pomeroy,"♥♥♥♥ this Game. 1000 hours and no ♥♥♥♥ing progress what so ever. Except some new cloths, new guns, and new bugs."
76561198063326433,Not Recommended,221100,23275746,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,[BackStab] Mullets,"Nice game! But dont buy this game. buy it in 2020.Zombi have glitch, price is too high and developer is too slow.Maybe add:HP/water/food Bar instead of showing color.PVE serverJump button6/10"
,Recommended,221100,10456835,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Not Luke,My Friends and I captured a 2 noobs and broke there legs. We then made them have a crawling race and killed the loser. 10/10
76561198069878074,Not Recommended,221100,26697543,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Las Vegas is my FAV city,Glad i refunded this
,Recommended,221100,8564325,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Teliko,"Fell through the second floor of a house and broke my legs. After 20 minutes of crawling, someone finally arrived.Got handcuffed.10/10"
76561198055884566,Recommended,221100,12662484,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Birdplane,My first life in this game was simple. I ran into these guys who took my blood and tied me up and ♥♥♥♥ed off. Once being saved by this other person who then proceeded to get his brain plastered on the nearby pavement. Once i recovered from the shock of my new (and now old) friend making best buddeys with the concrete i ran like a jew escaping auschwitz. After the great discoverey of the fire axe. I thought to myself maybe... just maybe I can survive. I then got my legs broken and was repeatedly beaten in too fresh jam by a bunch of farmer zombies with flat caps.That night i cried myself to sleep and had repeating nighmares of flat caps.The End.
,Not Recommended,221100,29794747,Posted: 8 February,all,Brave Little Toaster,"I used to love this game, it was great, scavenge supplies and try to meet up with friends, that was pretty much the name of the game. They used to put real work into this game, but now it's a joke. They used to put out good updates with content that actually added to the game. Bohemia interactive have clearly just gotten the money and pulled out. They probably have a minimal staff working on this game now, just to keep appearances up. I remember back in 2014 when they were talking about adding vehicles, bases, more weapons. 2017 here and it's still in a horribly broken state, I literally can barely tell a difference between 2017 DayZ vs 2013 DayZ. Zombies are still a joke, they've been in constant disrepair and I don't see DayZ ever coming back. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at bohemia, this was another No Man's Sky, but in the long con instead of initial hype like NMS. They said they'd add vehicles, bases, weapons, supplies, and make it even better then the DayZ mod. That's what I imagined when I heard Bohemia was making DayZ into a real game. I liked the mod and knew Bohemia would do a good job, but this is by far the biggest stain on their record. It's in shambles and is nowhere near what anyone thought it would be after 3+ years in development. Technically more if you count time before release. I'm really sad and angry about this game and the only reason I came to review this game was because of their recent price increase! Are you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me bohemia!? This is a dogshit game and they're clearly trying to make a little more dough before this game becomes completely obsolete. Don't buy it! After reading a few dev ""updates"" I can't believe this has been going on for this long. For years, apparently they've been doing jack and♥♥♥♥♥♥ in one of their more recent dev updates they say one of the goals in the next update is to work on game stability and server issues!? What the ♥♥♥♥?! 3+ years and they're still working on the servers and♥♥♥♥♥♥performance of this game. If you want a game that will dissapoint, this is the peak."
,Not Recommended,221100,17459509,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,BeckBeckGitRekt,"**Refund?**I only had like 3 hours on this game because of its slow and repetitive mechanics. This game's concept didn't really appeal to me, but it might to you. Although I tried really hard to like it, I would gladly take a refund because for a while it has just gathered dust and memory in my library. So could I get a refund please?"
76561197988881179,Not Recommended,221100,17429266,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,DanJR,"Uninstall or don't buy in the first place. Buy/ Install Arma 2, Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead and Arma 2: Dayz mod. Enjoy a game that while broken is still 100 times better than the standalone."
,Not Recommended,221100,18565906,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,davidchristensen,"At best a running simulator.At worst a running simulator.Lost a lot of enjoyment out of it, no zombies, no mode of transport (even a pushbike would suffice).Elek and Cherno, the two major cities, are basically big deathmatches which might sound fun but after being sent back to the coast on respawn because you keep getting shot by bandits, even when you have no weapon at all, it starts to lose its fun. It is now a game overrun by little kids and bandits who just want to shoot on sight, pretty much the same way the mod went. you would not bother paying any money for this game it is simply going to frustrate you"
76561198006985120,Not Recommended,221100,18562127,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,cajunbullet,"I had high hopes for this game.  I was very excited for the full release.  Yet here we are, some two years and $100,000,000 down the road and it remains a glitchy, barely functioning alpha and the developers show little interest in taking it any further.  This could almost be called a Steam-approved scam.I can't in good conciousness recommend it."
,Not Recommended,221100,22034139,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,JonnyRage,"Worst piece of programming ever made. Completely unplayable at the moment. 10 fps mid town, sudden lag spikes, hit-reg is awful. I've seen 5 year olds program better open world games."
76561198005367009,Not Recommended,221100,18898184,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Oni_eze,its a waste of time they promis a lot but have deliverd nothing since its early release and its been like 3 years and nothing has improved i want my money back
76561198120422872,Not Recommended,221100,22622995,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Corrynn,"It's been in Early Access for a long time and it's still missing a lot of features from the original mod. And, I still have to manually edit a bloody ini file so I can even start the game properly after all this time. Don't buy it."
76561198103938641,Not Recommended,221100,22417805,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,sir piplingtons,i am not impressed ! Talk about a walking simulator and not to mention that the improvments that have been discussed are not in the game yet ... just saying that you might be waiting ten or more years to see new content
76561197991982946,Not Recommended,221100,21912901,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Gordaydum,"It's been about a year since I've played, and they haven't fixed a single thing. This game is like a steamy pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ except at least the dog♥♥♥♥♥♥doesn't randomly de spawn. ♥♥♥♥ you rocket, eat♥♥♥♥♥♥and die."
,Not Recommended,221100,22156815,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,X.horagema,"Developers are not giving a damn about this game. It started like a really promising game, but ended up in being bugged, non-optimized and non-supported by devs. Every update comes in a few months. Don't trust them guys, you're throwing your money into fire. I will never buy any Early Access games from now on."
,Not Recommended,221100,22116577,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Greg,"-Not very well optimized-Never find your friends-Hardly ever find good gear due to army bases being camped+Can torture very well+Satisfies my need of screamsmaybe if there was tp and dident starve to death every 10minutes, it would be good"
76561197960735442,Not Recommended,221100,19479552,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,WackyJacky101,This game is the reason that Early Access Games are getting a bad reputation.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Dayz▄░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198068743857,Not Recommended,221100,8575022,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Thor,"DO NOT BUY DAYZ UNTIL RELEASE DATE!This game is an ok game, but right now it is in pre- Alpha meaning there is a lot of bugs and glitches. This game has the potential to be a really good game, but for now DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME IN PRE-ALPHA! Here is the game wraped in a nutshell for pre-Alpha: It is the most terrible mouse accelarated peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥1st or 3rd person, unconfigured, glitched out, buggy, pre-Alpha PC game in the universe. If you dont mind ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ constant deaths after running for 3 staright hours of not doing anything then this is the game for you. This game is about survival, here are a list of deaths that my friends and I have encounterd:Death from door closing on kneeDeath from standing on bedDeath from random glitch through wallsDeath from glitching out a window your not next toDeath from walking down stairsDeath from glitching off ladders into another ♥♥♥♥ing universeDeath from invisible peopleDeath from invisible ZombiesDeath from spawning next to zombies and cant move because the world is renderingDeath from teamates who think your zombiesDeath from thirstDeath from hungerDeath from character full but starving at the same timeDeath from skipping the last 1 or 2 steps on stairs (my fault....maybe?)Death from spawnDeath from potatoesAnd the number 1 most common deaths that you cant avoid or the game will be pointless is.....the military building with the glass top. It has the most loot and the best weaponds but also has the most death rate, second is spawn and third is falling off ladders (cant avoid it)For those of you who have the Arma 2 mod for DayZ, it is nothing like it at all, its just worseOverall i thing the Alpha is a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of your time. I will post another one of these when the beta is out then the game itself to let people know what there getting."
,Recommended,221100,11991998,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Tailzyn,"Me and my friend spent the entire night (from 12 am to 6 am) to gear up. When we finally was geared up my friend found a bayonet and wanted to show it to me (by putting it in my face), and pushed me out of the wall on the second floor. Needless to say, it was a faithfull encounter with the bayonet. 11/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,8147072,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Baker,"The game has become exactly what the mod is today, a kill on sight fest full of 12 year olds.""I feel like DayZ is a fundamentally flawed concept"" - Dean Hall"
,Recommended,221100,12629365,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Vale,"This is the worst game ever. Terrible community, terrible servers, terrible admins, hackers galore, and all I can find is ruined pots and flashlights.10/10 this game is mastapeece"
,Not Recommended,221100,18113387,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dagubytu,"Me and my friend joined a server, was in the exact same spot couldn't even hear gun shots of each other. 0/10 would refund again"
76561198068017550,Not Recommended,221100,21865109,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Strontium,"Had high hopes, 3 years later its still broken."
,Recommended,221100,8073185,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,SepticFalcon,Showing Great Potential Already! :D
,Recommended,221100,12140899,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Backpack,"the first thing i did was walk into a town into a house found some food then a man walked in and started leaning side to side yelling into his mic ""look at me wiggle"" then he got shot. as i ran out of the house the man who aparently shot him walked up to me and offered a truce. i accepted it thinking if i didnt he'd shoot me so i followed him got more food a axe and some dead mans backpack (shot by my friend) then we came to the boatwreck and he told me he'd cover if i went in to look around. i came back out and found three dead men and my friend bleeding out with broken legs. he gave me something and told me to give it to him i did and he got up i bandaged him and we moved on. later after i got my first gun (an m4 from one of the men at the boat) my friend said he'll cover if i go search a store in a big town for food so i went in and found a lot of food a backpack and a dead naked man i told my friend there might be a threat around and he said he saw some dead body over a ways so we left and as i went into a house to search it my friend stayed outside when i came out my friend was dead 11/10 i miss my friend force fed the bad man disinfectant spray. then as i was walking away from some people i helped out with bandits i fell five feet of a bridge and died"
,Not Recommended,221100,14670244,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,YoungVicsta,"Honestly, this game was good at the beginning but after a while you realize what a♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game it really is. All updates are mostly about items items items, and AI.This is a big one!!>>>>>>No optimization<<<<<<<I would spend all day looking for items and being extremely cautious from aggresive players. If its not a player its the glitched zombies.So I would make my life easier by going in-to an empty server to gear up. But wait, loads of zombies zombies zombies!!!  Glitching through walls, getting hit left to right, running out of bandages, decided to shoot them to get away and at thee end I find myself running and starving/thirst so well after eating 5 cans and drinking a 100% water bottle.hide in bushes, well what do you know, zombies from miles away coming to get me.DEAD!There so many things wrong with this game its not even funny. Take it from me, if you want to spend $34.99 which is totally not worth it, go ahead. Just remember in a week or so you will regret it. This game is a real life waster.Plus, dont get me started with ALPHA<<<<<I can understand that it is on Alpha. But for almost 2 years this game hasn't addressed the issues that long have been pointed out by the community still up to today. Honestly I would trade H1Z1 for this game any given day the fact its made more progress then this♥♥♥♥♥♥hole.Anyways take my advice or leave it.Now on to Rust."
76561198025506943,Not Recommended,221100,19204151,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Defensive Wall,"This game has been in ""early access"" for over 2 years now. At what point will the developers stop using that as an excuse and actually do something with this game? I came back to this game after a years' hiatus and it's still just as buggy, unoptimized and clunky as it was a year ago. The devs still update the game sure but their idea of an update is fixing a texture on a single blade of grass. Don't buy this game, complete waste of money.Edit: I played this a lot longer (around 200 hours) on a friend's account before I actually bought this game myelf for people questioning my time with this game. If you can't be bothered to read a few sentences then I'm just going to delete your comment."
,Not Recommended,221100,21178879,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,winstons dirty turdhole,tis a steamin' pile of horse♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,221100,12992581,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tro The Chain King,Runs better then Assassin's Creed Unity.
,Not Recommended,221100,15799153,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Fucktard,When half life 3 will be released dayz will remain ERALY ♥♥♥♥ING ACCESS!
76561198089402212,Recommended,221100,13577465,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jgbenni,''please wait...''11/10
,Not Recommended,221100,16199226,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Swollen_Beef,"The game has hardly changed from its original release back in 2013. The zombies still run through walls, hit you through walls/floors, impossible to kill with anything but a fire axe (and good luck finding one), cant be snuck past, spot you outside draw distance, cannot be evaded/ditched, and hit harder than a falcon punch.The hacks have gotten worse, as have the bugs.the controls are clunky as hell, the inventory is an absolute mess, and nothing is optimized.Team play is non-existent, as the game has turned into who can be the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator. its just FFA with zombies thrown in.The original creator jumped ship long ago (classic taking the money and running scenario), and the current studio has shown no motivation to finish what was started.avoid this game. Even if it ever is finished, do not buy.Might be time to invoke another 1983 crash"
76561198026452405,Not Recommended,221100,17239727,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,<removed>,"Want a game that is overhyped, extremely boring, and glitchy? Look no further! I started playing DayZ from the very beginning and thought ""Wow these graphics are underwhelming"" but I kept going because that wasn't what I was looking for. I was looking for an experience with zombies unmatched! But I didn't find that either. What you will find are a ton of glitchy, slow, and dumb zombies that you can easily escape from. The real threat comes from the people. Usually hackers, liars, and server hoppers. People claim that this game has the best PvP system ever, but if you engage someone they will more than likely log out and move to a different server. Not only that but you will be crawling for hours around a bland map looking for items you will use up and then need again or be shot. The realism is hardly there. The most realistic part is that you need to drink, eat, and die when shot. The time it takes to eat and drink is out of proportion and you can die from a 5 foot fall. Anyone claiming this game is realistic are just fooling themselves. It amazes me that people can even call this a zombie game. This game is nothing but a glitchy, hacker infested, survival game that keeps you playing for hours on end to find something that you will be searching for all over again in an hour tops. TL;DR: Are you looking for a game with bad AI, hackers EVERYWHERE, hours of mindless crawling, glitch galore, and hardly any realism!? Look no further!"
,Not Recommended,221100,17177282,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,duck,Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY. This game is over-priced and after you give Dean Hall all your money he goes off and never adds anymore updates to the game.
76561198063792380,Not Recommended,221100,17472093,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,yooniepark,LayZ
76561198049576044,Not Recommended,221100,21915397,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,JDGibbs326,Not worth it in its current state.
,Not Recommended,221100,21117877,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Mons,The mod was better.
,Not Recommended,221100,22637373,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Justin Bieber,I think the most awful part of this game is the engine it runs on.
76561198058895409,Not Recommended,221100,22355601,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Casual Hunter,"Slowest development ever, do not buy. These chaps have taken way too much money without producing anything better than the original mod."
76561198062386705,Not Recommended,221100,22050960,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Pockets,Garbage.
76561198171995599,Not Recommended,221100,21253253,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Terminator | skinhub.com,THis Game Is Really Bad When I Try To Play It It Just Freezes And When i Get Online It Just Glitches And I Have A Very Good Computer I Dont Reccomend Buying This Game Its♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197989152067,Not Recommended,221100,21837428,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Snakebite,.......i should have bought - Win Rar -
76561198094663064,Not Recommended,221100,22416681,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Purple Crayons,How did this game get better reviews than H1Z1
76561198141024614,Not Recommended,221100,17001006,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,kenkohobo.com,"I had a lot of fun in this game but there are many bugs. well it is a alpha or something.The settings are fked up, the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes.This game gives me a massive headache, as you are wasting half the time you playing on thisgame trying to find your friends, and then killing yourself over and over becuase you spawned to far.6/10 Only fun when you are geared up and with your friends, but the chances of that is 10 hrs of walking"
76561197988918536,Not Recommended,221100,17969072,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,f society,DONT EVEN BOTHER SO BROKE IT'S UNREAL STAY AWAY !!!
,Not Recommended,221100,14153154,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Gibbs,"♥♥♥♥ing joke, 2 years and still in alpha. doubt they are even trying to fix the major bugs."
,Not Recommended,221100,11675911,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,MrFahrenheit,"Well it's been around for several months now, the pre alpha alpha that is, not the mod (thats been out nearly 2 decades).Anyways, the standalone started off looking promising, I played for a few weeks after its launch, there were several game breaking bugs such as dying for no reason other than climbing a ladder, and near invunrable zombies that could take several dozen hits to the head from a crowbar or a machete.Servers were laggy and suffered desync and random shut downs, players could server hop and camp the airfields, they would loot one, logout and respawn in that place in another server.Times were rough, but....it was alpha.Well its still alpha and its several months on.so I decided to log in again and see whats going on.Erm...not much it seems.A lot of servers are now private and not connected to the hive and need passwords. of whats left they are mostly clan servers that when you join you are instantly kicked and banned from.After half an hour I find a public server that dosent kick me and off we go.I spawn on a beach in a random location near a small town, I spend 5 minutes sneaking around, I see zero zombles so i start to search the houses, I find a can of sardines and a wooly hat.Im now 25 minutes old and leaving the small hamlet, still crouch walking and my stomach is grumbling already, Im hungry it seems.Cant eat the sardines because I cannot open them, so I look around and see nobody, so I start to run up the road full pelt, within seconds I hear a groan, I spin around and see 2 zombies sanding behind me.Im surprised by this, and then slightly confused...they wernt there a second go?I carry on running hoping to outrun these zeds to no avail, 2KM later they are still tight on my♥♥♥♥♥ surely these undead were olympic runners in a past life?I try running through bushes, that used to stop them dead in their tracks, it dosent seem to work.By now im super hungry and its started to rain.I reach a nearby town, this ones fairly big, it has a police station and a tower block.I run into the police station locking the front door behind me, Zed seems confused by this and I hear they are now joined by a few friends, all clamouring at the door.I search around inside the various rooms, I find a screwdriver so I open and consequentialy devour the sardines, I also find a machete (woot!) another 2 hats, some sodas and a few more cans of food, theres ammo but I have no space for it.The zombie gang are out front so I take a side door and sneak out, these zombs must have seen this trick before, or they could smell me because despite no LOS they immediately make a bee line for me, so I head for the apartment block.I manage to get into a doorway and close it behind me, i run up the stairs to the 3rd floor, I hear the Z's below me but they are somehow hitting me?I run back down, no sign of them but I hear them, I run to another block and again run upstairs.I still hear them and they somehow have a invisible slenderman style reach because they are still somehow hitting me, I blackout in an instant and then am shortly pronounced dead.Respawn,This time im near a woods, I head into it and climb a nearby hill, I see an airfield, its the small north east one I think.I check the server population and it seems im alone so I risk visiting the airfield in hopes of epic loot....or maybe just an axe and a coke.I reach the tower building and go inside, it takes me 15 or so minutes to reach it because it seems if you run near a building zombies spawn nearby, thats right they arnt there patroling, they spawn if you make noise near a populated area.Which I find odd, it didnt used to be this bad either, and im sure the mods arnt like that.Inside the tower I find a backpack, boots, helmet, a bayonet, some sodas and gloves, I don what I can and pack the rest away and head upstairs into the actual tower and BAM!DEAD!I check the server PoP, im still alone here...so it seems the game breaking bug that going near tower stairs is still in full effect.Unfixed after several months.I think about respawning again, but insted I come and write this, this actually seems more fun.I also dont see much new stuff in the game, some stuff has been taken away infact, weapons now seem a lot rarer, whcih...ok....they did say that was going to happen.Zombies spawn, like I said, randomly where you make too much noise, so you cant look and spot zombies and make a tactical decision because they just spawn on you and chase you.They are still as hard as ever, 10-20 hits to the head from a crowbar and they still keep going, and they have some bug that whereas before you could get behind them and hit them with impunity, now they can hit you while facing away from you.It seems you can randomly die from being too wet, I was runningin the rain on one respawn and died after 5 minutes due to nothing but being soaked.i dont mind dying to these sorts of things, and have done in the past many many times and especially in the early days of the MOD version when it was all about balance.But dying randomly from bugs.....the very same bugs that were present months ago is very frustrating.Then theres the games performance, its terrible.My rig isnt super quick, is only a 4.2Ghz intel i5 quad, 16gb ram and dual 7970's, but this game runs like a dog, and it isnt even that pretty.From what I hear they rebuilt most of the engine with parts / modules from ARMA3 there was some quote saying it was too expensive or would take too long to fully convert it to ARMA3 engine, but a month or so after ARMA3's launch there was a version of DAYz available (under a different name ofc).But the standalone chugs along at times for no partucular reason, that coupled with the lag makes it hardwork to play.Which brings me to the netcode, I didnt see much desync but the lag is horrible, and because most items are stored server side it can take several seconds to pick up an item or open a door.This is despite me having supposedly 16ms ping and my Internet connection of 160/30Mbps fiber optic isnt exactly a slouch either so it isnt client side.I suspect its perhaps from the server to the Hive.So is it worth buying this game?At the moment, Im not sure, I mean DayZ is known for being a harsh unforgiving game, but theres so many bugs here thats its ""nearly"" unplayable, the actual mod (mods) for ARMAII and AO seems much less buggy, run smoother and seem to have more support, and you can pickup ARMAII for next to nothing and yet have a huge array of similar mods to play.People will cry that its ALPHA or PRE ALPHA!!11, butits been like this for a few years now, with no real improvements, where as other mods have gone from strength to strength allowing not only vehicles ingame but also building.Even ARMA3 is better, theres several mods for that and it was on sale for a similar price resently, ARMA3 looks miles better and has better performance.So I would honestly suggest buying either ARMA 2 or 3 and playing mods, maybe look in on this in a few months...or years....but lets be honest, theres other games that do the whole survival thing far better these days.5/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,19273710,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Noiraxehn,"Two ♥♥♥♥ing years and still early access alpha. No, it is not hard to make this kind of a game. The developer's already got their money and they probably dont even work for this game 1 hour/day. They didn't even answered some of the questions at the early access tab. Don't, i mean don't buy this piece of crap that was supposed to be a game.Don't buy this game.Do something useful with your money. Maybe buy something like a real game?"
,Not Recommended,221100,22413226,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Charlie4life,this game is kinda pointless as there is arma 2 and arma 3 whitch offer the same game but just much better in every way.Just get arma 3 and play Exile Cheno instead.
76561197972236031,Not Recommended,221100,22051633,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Playing,Dean Hall ***
,Not Recommended,221100,23925275,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rauta,Are we in beta yet?
76561198070041631,Not Recommended,221100,18434559,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,rather cancer than this,#breathtaking (because its so bad)
,Not Recommended,221100,18196572,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Swahili Monster,"I bought this game right after it came out on Steam.  It was fun for the first few hours, then I realized theres literally nothing to do.  Full of bugs, zombies are useless, lack of content, lack of patches, what a waste. I just tried the game again recently, and its amazing how almost NOTHING has changed.  Its been 18 months and they've sold millions of copies, and nothing has happened.  This is my first review, DO NOT BUY THIS!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18418701,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Frost,Stop funding and buying games that don't work and likely never will.
76561197989150705,Not Recommended,221100,18620758,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,M4lysz,Big empty game....big  waste of my money.
76561198018339236,Recommended,221100,16630161,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,C3llzZ,Legend says this game will never reach beta.
,Recommended,221100,8576326,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,karmatundra,"89% of my deaths have been from the hands of my cousin.So, we are at the schoolhouse near Elektro, i just killed someone who attempted to murder me. i come around the corner of the outside of the school house, telling him that im behind him. he turns around saying he saw a guy with an M4 and fired. im dead now. he killed me. all the pain i have experienced in DayZ was from him. my life is forever worthless when he is around and for that i would like to have a moment of silence for my cousin's depenedency for my assistance in DayZ. Thank you.Would Play Again 47 Tears from my death / 50 Tears From My DeathAll he wanted was some sketti and some water...."
,Recommended,221100,8107882,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,EatJello,"WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME FUNCTIONING.Did u read it? like fully? I've played it for few hours  of dayz and I already looking forward to what they are going to fix and what the modders out there can do! The moving and attcking, checking gear is just smoother!The zombie model is just great! Not to slow not too fast smooth movement and deadly. U can tell they spent alot of time working on that very key element which makes dayz different from other zombie games. Also killing a zombie and a small hammer or baseball bat is not a good idea unless u have too.but theres bug's and bug's kill, No amount of starship troopers right now can kill that many bugs right now as of 12/18/13running too much can knock u out and be a real bit*h of a time. as it should beeating/drinking atm imo is bugged but maybe u have to jugde what your charater ""wants"" and ""needs""?""Loot Problems""well this is a major matter of ""IMO"" but if u spawn on the coast like every one and their mother u might have few problems with finding some thing. How to fix this? well think outside the box! there alot of little town inland nad mainly ppl try to head north anywaysAll in all the dayz game has been brought back to the very basic of what the ""DAYZ"" mod  was at it's core. Brutal survival game. Sorry no m107's  yet :P"
76561198064381147,Not Recommended,221100,21679354,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Nicky P,Will never be finished at this rate
,Not Recommended,221100,19321829,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,steelc00kie,"Two years ago, this game captured the imagination of many players and many of said players may have, like myself, bought into one of their first ""early access"" titles with all the shiny promises clouding the reality of a barebones, bland, and broken game that really hasn't changed at all so far. Maybe in another two years, some real progress will be made. Until then, do not buy.Two years ago, I had hope. Today I say two thumbs down."
76561198061326608,Not Recommended,221100,26195322,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nep Nep,this i probably the worst walking simulater i ever play and can't even get a refund because i played 4h trying to  found zombiesthis game is probably worst then my english even after 3 year 10/10 will get scam again with this sh!t gameif that game could have the same refound like no man sky this game would be so much great
,Not Recommended,221100,16955791,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Terminally Chill,"I took a break for 5 or so months a while back and when I came back to it the same bugs were around.for example walking down staircases you can have your legs randomly break and lose all gear in your pants and your boots.or perhaps sounds that are only meant to play if you're close by such as soda cans opening or characters who are insane and cry every now and again will play serverside so on a populated server with roughly 30 people you'll be hearing soda cans open or bullets being shifted around at least twice a minute, thats not really a problem more of an annoyance but that's been around since Day 1 so it's pretty damn evident that these developers are doing jack about trying to make the game stable and function but instead will focus on what the lowest common denominator cries out for like ""ADD NEW GUNS OMG"" bug fixes are more important in my eyes (of course that is a matter of opinion) there is no point in adding extra things to a game that just does not work  because you can't enjoy these new things, or if you can you won't for long because you'll encounter giant setbacks frequently, such as characters being wiped for no reason, losing gear in your inventory and features not working as intended, it just adds the illusion of progress and they'll feed you just enough to keep you interested but they'll do as little as possible.The only credit i'll give to the devs is they did deal with the massive cheating outbreak around the time the VS3 was added, but even then it was so easily preventable and the same exploit was used in DayZ mod to achieve teleportation and remain undetected.Another thing i'll credit them on is being able to lead people on and make people actually believe the game will be functional in the near future but i've waited almost a year, everyone needs to wake up and smell the coffee, it. won't. be. finished.At this point in time being the 9th of july 2015 i really can't recommend this game, it just does not function well and it's almost unplayable."
,Not Recommended,221100,14330612,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Mazotçu Osman,"So many bug in the game. It's the early access game so I advice u ""Wait for the fix bugs"""
,Not Recommended,221100,30907086,Posted: 2 April,all,Kallark 🌌,"This game is utter garbage.Don't bother buying it, you'll lose time and money on a clearly unfinished product.The game mechanics are hilariously bad and primitive. The game is empty as hell.But the worst would be the progress that happened the past years: nothing.It's still in alpha version, chock-full of bugs, the character motion would be hilarious if it wasn't so bad to see and use.Just move on to better alternatives."
76561198044732390,Not Recommended,221100,17824665,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Ristyenok,I can put up with everything the game has other than the preformance and the zombies going through walls.
,Not Recommended,221100,18880489,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,7 dollar haircut,"I wish i could get my money back. :vIt doesnt seem like they're still developping and improving it. Hell, The Arma mod was way better."
,Not Recommended,221100,18647166,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Squig,"Hey you know, it's almost laughable. I bought this game something like two years ago, while it was cheap. I'd heard a lot about it from my friends who were all fairly avid gamers like myself. I played it a little and thought ""Eh, it's still pretty early in development. I'll give it more time."" I was unsatisfied. It was buggy, hard to look at, and it honestly had a UI from the PS1 era of games. I figured, of course, this was because it was still very young. Honestly, it was pretty good for what it was, my standards were just high for it. The inexcusable part was that this was two whole years ago and yet it's the same, if not worse. The game is still buggy, the graphics are poor, and they aren't charming either. No matter what server, other players will always find a way to screw you over after you've been scavenging for six hours of so. It's honestly the whole ""bullying mindset"" in that because the game hurts the players, the players hurt each other.I'm willing to say it's bad if I'd rather hit myself with a cat-o-nine-tails whip repeatedly than play this game.Get Rust or Don't Starve, way better than this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,18713628,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Scott,"Pretty much unplayable after years of developement.  Full of annoying bugs.  Would not recommend buying in current state, the original arma 2 mod is still better and there are far better mods coming out on arma 3."
,Not Recommended,221100,18285759,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,ddswh1pk0s,Wouldn't reccommend this game in it's current state.Unless their is a major overhaul in the performance and stability of this game before release to market I would stay away.If game had no performance issues or heaps of bugs: 8/10Game in it's current state: 3/10 - would rather have no internet for a month.
,Not Recommended,221100,22218305,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,DigitalPho3nix,"How this game is still in EARLY alpha is beyond me. Clearly Bohemia have only one or two people working on it, because even the Arma2 mods were better. Every now and then I reinstall and check it out, but its always as crap as ever, with the only added or fixed features being a new type of hat or a few added buildings on the map.This game is no longer relevant, and what was once the leader (for me) in compelling and meaningful game experiences (DayZ Mod) has now fallen by the wayside. Clearly this was a cash-grab by the developer and is now a mismanaged mess. Sadly I will never get my $35 back."
,Not Recommended,221100,30945280,Posted: 4 April,all,zeb is serbia stronk,"""16. Dec. 2013 - WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA.""Take a look at your calendar and that should tell you everything you need to know."
76561197978585032,Not Recommended,221100,24946222,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,wh0=d@!,I've given this game years to develop. Sadly I don't think it will ever become what it should have been.  The mod still plays better than this pile.
,Not Recommended,221100,30932343,Posted: 3 April,all,Ariana Grande,"Ok. Where to start.Bugs.Ok.There are bugs everywhere. If I needed to count them by fingers, my city's population wouldn't be enough to count half of them.I have spent like 10h+ in a character, was fully looted, plus with 2 military tents with a friend with a lot more than we actually needed. Today I went in only for PvP. Were there any people in the military camp that has higher and better amounts of loot? No. Not even in ""High"" populated servers.So I was just looking for a supressor for my M4 since mine got broken after shooting so many bugged zombies, guess what, there were 2 zombies. My axe bugged so I couldn't hit them with it, then I got my 1911 and shot the 7 bullets that I've had in my magazine, well guess what, none hit. Eventually I told my friend that I was bugged and couldn't kill the zombie so I started running to him. He wasn't able to see me, even though I was right at his front, and the zombie stood in that ♥♥♥♥ing place. I couldn't get my bandages out, so I just logged out and GUESS WHAT I couldn't log in again. Tried other server, didn't logged in. Eventually my friend saw me (after logged out of server) running and dying in nowhere. So I just relogged into that server and at 3rd attempt I did it! Guess what, I was dead.Will I play again? Maybe.Will I want to play again? No.Rating out of 10: thisgameneedstobedestroyedanderasedfromthefaceoftheearth/10"
76561198042582502,Not Recommended,221100,22218949,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,friendship ended with videogames,"Legitimately the worst game I've ever purchased in my life. This is possibly the first time I've ever gone out of my way to write a negative review on a product, but this game is absolutely one of the biggest gaming failures of the decade.If you've been on the internet for longer than a few hours, you've likely heard that this game is absolutely atrocious. But if you've somehow missed the memo: do not purchase this garbage."
,Not Recommended,221100,24946414,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,predimi,too crude a game and the develpoers have not done much
76561198002710722,Not Recommended,221100,30698263,Posted: 23 March,all,AggrOnline,"If you are looking for a game:1. devs are dumb, they decide to go create standalone game to fix zombie issues, bugs and server issues but fail and 4 years later they still trying new engines ..2. Release change logs but never keep the promise, example the release of vehicles I believe was first in change log and schedulled to be released in either 2014 Q3 or 2015 Q1, yet we are in 2017 and still dont have cars working properly.3. Zombies animations and other glitches are worst than any game I have ever seen. The mod is still out performaning what was supposed to be a game where they were going to fix all mods issues. 4 years later nope.4. Finally, latest blog by their project leader, go take a break from DayZ and play other game come back later.Ha ha wtf! what a joke! I have no idea how this game is not banned from Steam!!!!!! do yourself a fav look somewhere else."
76561198035122716,Not Recommended,221100,17251920,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Joshi,Can be great fun but the early access has been early access for far to long.
,Not Recommended,221100,18767057,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Walmart,no
,Not Recommended,221100,22365184,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,FluxBurn,Seriously this game sucks unless you play with a few freinds u reckon you will get some enjoyment out of this game but not all of it as this game... simply put... suck♥♥♥♥♥ Not only that but poor optimization... seriously before buying this game you should get a warning about the game being early access. Well trust me now fellow steam freinds... heed that warning
32453653543647643,Not Recommended,221100,22688060,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Sanctuary_,Joining fully equipped with my akm and 220 bullets on a 50 player server on the airportSuddenly i get a triple hit from a zombie (since when can they perform triple hits?)i'm bleedingsearching for my bandage in my inventoryafter 20 sec i finally found my last bandagetrying to bandage me but can't because it says the bandage is completely ruinedMakes sense...
76561198042645057,Not Recommended,221100,22586546,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Mad-Cow,"Where do I start on this♥♥♥♥♥♥game, the lag, the stutering, the lack of frames whenever you enter a big town... There's no end to the amount of significant game breaking issues that this game has.I started playing DayZ when it was only a mod, I tried most of the mods and they were very interesting and I can honestly say that they played better than this stand alone game. Pretty sad that old mods still play better than a game that has been in development for over 4 years.Don't waste your money on this garbage game, and don't wast your time/money on any other ideas that Dean Hall comes up with, that guy is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,221100,30901167,Posted: 2 April,all,Gab,"Over 600 hrs of this game.. It was fun from time to time, was checking in here and there the other day/week/month if maybe something changed, some updates happened, and there were updates, things changed a lot and it is indeed a bit better than in earlier states, only thing is.. it's been 4 years now.. and that you still, as a developer, have to label this game under early access after this long of a time of just changing things in the game over and over again... is just sad and pathetic. To be honest i myself, wouldn't even wanna have a look at the programming file of this game bc it has to be this destroyed of all the changes and things they did to it.. I honestly think that this game is never gonna get out of early access. They ♥♥♥♥ed up from the beginning to now. You rarely see a game with this much potential, but to just sit on the money that they first made and then do nothing with it is just infuriating.. Feels like this game was bought for nothing. And for me it does feel like that, always in the hope that things would change and nothing happened..Let's talk about the different things that they could've made so much better:Combat:Overall it's ofc a ""Zombie Survival Game"", and it should'nt be focused on combat and ofc i understand that. But Combat also has something to do with killing Zombies and that you should be able to do that with the right weapons. Thing is in all those 4 years there has never been a time where you thought ok i'm killing these Zombies like they should be killed. There's been times where they just ran towards you hitting 3 times per second with giving you almost 0 chance of survival, there's been times, as it is rn, where the Zombie sorta glides towards you making it unpredictable for you to hit at the right time. And there's also been times where Zombies where just straight up here for nothing, bc they were so easy to kill.Then to combat with other people. It still, even tho it is a Survival based Game, is a very important part in this game, bc it also ofc has to do something with surviving. Also in this category there've been a lot of changes. Just never for the good. The most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing is, what they've also never changed, the guy breathing like a complete idiot after running 10 meters... Of course they wanna make it realistic and stuff like that but when i'm sprinting 10 meters i can still shoot accuratly and i'm not a sportive guy. So just to make it realistic they make it almost impossible for you to shoot someone, after running a short amount of time. And in terms of crosshair.. i don't even wanna talk about what that♥♥♥♥♥♥in the middle of your screen should represent...Next up Nutration and Health system:Just gonna list up the different things that make the whole system unbalanced at the moment:-There's a glitch which makes it possible for you to have an infinite amount of apples.-You can get the flue or whatever you wanna call it and there's no cure for it, which is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.-If you wanna go without the apple glitch, you almost find nothing to eat.-There's a bug that makes it unable for you to pick anything up.Also looking at the new cars they put in.. you hit your car once with your bare fist and it's ruined.So regarding all of this survival is just unbalanced, bugs and glitches ruin it for you as i said before and there's almost an infinite amount of bugs or things that just should not be like they are.Overall huge waste of time, almost no reward for the time and effort that you put into, very little amount of fun, 20 mins of running through the whole map for in the end dying bc you have the bad luck of stumbeling upon a group of wolves in the wild, and 4 years of Early Access....Are you kidding me Bohemia Interactive?"
,Not Recommended,221100,21863896,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,fat jew,No. Just no
,Not Recommended,221100,21686042,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,mirror,"I bought this game more than a year ago, and never did agree it's gonna stuck in alpha for THAT long. So, now I am waiting for public official apologies and refund. Can you afford it Valve? Or Gabe Newell is pesonally involved into this fraud ? Valve, ain't no doubt, that's a pretty nice crime you are managing over there - on the internets, keep it up, and see you in the Court of Law.A message for other players who are about to purchase this so-called game - Do NOT PURCHASE IT, DO NOT SUPPORT these criminals.sincerely.."
76561198272357002,Not Recommended,221100,21141875,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Spell_Icup,I hate everything about this crap.
,Not Recommended,221100,31367588,Posted: 25 April,all,sKysharK,REFUND ME. Ill even accept tears from all the people you let down......
76561198069278128,Recommended,221100,12577312,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Mr. Johnson,"Licked BatteryFound small TownRan into building to escape ZombiesFound SpaghettiAte Said SpaghettiDied15,000,000/ 10  Would Spaghetti Again"
,Not Recommended,221100,16719875,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Banane,"If you like bugs, you will love DayZ."
76561197993230499,Not Recommended,221100,8515359,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tklama,"One of the most anticipated games of 2013 has been released as an early acces alpha towards the end of 2013, with further development awaiting down the road. I, not unlike many other DayZ afficionados and fanboys, bought the ""game"" in spite of it being and Alpha. I can say we got more or less what we anticipated. The product, being an early acces suffers from most of the problems typical for this stage of development. The servers tend to lag, characters are often wiped and reset. There are many bugs present, a lot of content is yet missing.Even though I am sure the developers will polish the game and make it into a great final product in a year´s time, I can not recommend you buying this game at this stage.Then again, if there is more of you plan on playing together as a group, you can have quite a lot of fun. If you do not mind the abovementioned problems, go ahead and buy it. RIght now, the price is 23 E. This price is sure to go up as the final relase date is nearer, so you can save a bit of cash."
,Not Recommended,221100,14693310,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Maharbal,"at current state of patch, better play some ArmA2 or ArmA3 modifications, because the Standalone DayZ offers way less possibilites and features."
,Recommended,221100,13022545,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,proventriculus,I found Spaghetti.
,Recommended,221100,8727836,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Jenko90,"Went to Krasnostav on my own, fell off a roof which I somehow survived, then was mobbed by a pack of hungry zombies and again somehow I came away without a scratch. Later went back to the same building to show a friend, fall off the roof again and break my legs.It may have it's bugs and random glitches but this game is by far extremely fun!11/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,30734771,Posted: 25 March,all,Kent Agent,"The devs have taken the probably perfect game concept,and then proceeded to completely ruin it by blatantly bad decision-making and slow development.One would think that they could take ideas from the mod instead of adding agriculture, but no.That surely is what the game needs. Oh, and new caps.Still has potential. Potential that we will probably never see in our lifetimes."
76561198130593784,Not Recommended,221100,17254934,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,jackmobob,would not recommend. poorly optomized. the bug fixes are coming at a snails pace and i know its early access but its a paid early access and it just seems like they gave up. for me everything looks like its from the ps2 era and the framerate is less than 20. the inside of the buildings dont even have textures anymore. dont buy it unless they do some serios bugfixing
,Not Recommended,221100,17457747,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,DodgeyDoge,"Bought it when it came out, still holding W to this day."
,Not Recommended,221100,16466685,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Sy,Never been more disappointed in a game before. The original mod showed so much promise. This is just a huge let down.
,Not Recommended,221100,17253156,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,JubJub #Netneutrality,Hackers hackers hackers dont waste money on this game buggy as heck nobody updates it zombies run thourgh wall u work 10 hours on a chacter just for some guy to walk up and punch u and u die break legs by walking down stairs
76561198185923030,Not Recommended,221100,21051317,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Xile,"I have played the Mod, then against general consensus I bought this – the mod was better.Standalone runs like cr@p, however launching with the New UI (-newui) boosts your FPS by at least 10%, the New UI is a bit clunky but it's worth using for the performance gains. Food in the game is scarce as are weapons & ammo to suit, I will quite often have several guns in my possession but with little or no ammo to use.On the Mod Z's were almost everywhere, but on Standalone they are confined to large towns and military bases, however they are harder to kill and after one hit  you will bleed so make sure you have rags and/or bandages available.After playing both versions of the game I am yet to meet another friendly player, the friendliest pair I encountered took all my gear but kindly let me run away in my pants, I later died of starvation.Playing this game as a lone wolf is difficult, you will get killed a lot. If you can team up with friends or other Steam members, it will greatly increase your chances of survival  and significantly improve the overall experience."
,Not Recommended,221100,21907726,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Gheist,Nothing really changed since release. Hopes are gone.
,Not Recommended,221100,22577243,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,FreshGroceries,"I've been playing Day Z since the Arma 2 mod ( pre-steam mod) , when this early access came out , it looked pretty, and that's about it .  The engine is still a huge pile of crap , supposedly it is being remade from scratch , which just means all these years it has been released under the CURRENT engine mean nothing , and the game is delayed yet again for who knows how long .Gameplay  -  If you find an empty server, you may have some fun role playing a survivor , any other server and you will be swarmed by cheaters ( like every other survival open world early access out there ) .   For what it's worth , I had a few good times on the server playing scavenger survivor .4/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,22605866,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,WordiestGnome,Great potential but not quite there.
,Not Recommended,221100,22608488,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Puck,complete waste of money and time
76561198124100099,Not Recommended,221100,17974482,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,paytak,No zombie threat in what's supposed to be a zombie apocalypse game.Glitches and bugsBad optimization (no matter how good a pc you have you'll get low fps)Bad engineThis game is broken and can't be fixed and the devs aren't doing much to fix it anyway.Definitely not worth the time and money
,Not Recommended,221100,31344682,Posted: 24 April,all,RunningGiant,It's a really cool screenshot game where you try to collect as many screenshots as you can.
,Not Recommended,221100,25210693,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nerdbot,"Let me sum up this game after 30+ hours of playing:- Spawn somewhere- Walk- See a house and walk there- Find nothing- Walk some more- Find a house and discover a piece of rotten fruit- Walk around through the forest- Think to yourself ""It'd be so cool if I could justpick up a sturdy stick, in case I'll run into a zombie- Walk out of the woods- ""Oh, true... what about zombies""- Find a small town- Find an axe- ""Would be so cool to bash a couple of zombies!""- Walk some more- Make out a zombie far away- Walk there- The single Zombie glitches into you while youtry to get into the feeling of melee combat- The bad UX kills you- You started the game 6.2 hours ago- Wanna play again? Didnt think so.Alternative game session (based on actual gameplay)- find a gun after 5 hours- find more cool♥♥♥♥♥♥after like 7 hours- actually find AND kill 2 zombies, feel like a boss- enter a house, find ammo on a shelf, open your inventory to rearrange♥♥♥♥♥♥..- ...bang. killed by some other player with a shot to the back of the head.Just no."
,Recommended,221100,8675425,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,COME ON PURPLE,Me and two friends got beat to death by a crazed black woman with a shovel.11/10
,Recommended,221100,8580538,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,andyT300,Anybody have rice? Simulator 2014 10/10
76561198046437961,Not Recommended,221100,21874397,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,ash,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥play the mod instead
,Not Recommended,221100,21749612,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Welsh,"If I could ask for a refund I would. The fact that the buggy, Arma 2 mod is better than this is a joke. I played hundreds of hours on the mod, this didn't live up to it's billing."
,Not Recommended,221100,21865127,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,xblade69,DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING GARBAGE
76561198028472936,Not Recommended,221100,25024301,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dying,"I hadnt played this game in 2 years after giving up on it then because of lackluster development on every aspect of the game. Come back 2 years later, nothing has changed. With the amount of games in the similiar genre that surpass it in every way youd think theyd have actually started to give a damn about this game with all the money they made. But no.Its still terrible. Play anything else."
,Not Recommended,221100,14021921,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Innokentij,"Take a mod based on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ arma 2 code, then make it a standalone with even worse code. Profit!......................... do i really need to say more?"
,Not Recommended,221100,35352225,Posted: 30 September,all,Hybrid,After charging $30+ for years the development of DayZ should be far ahead of where it actually is.Too many games have cloned this style of game and achieved way more than DayZ will ever.Sure DayZ may be one of the first really cool survival games to come out and credit is due to Bohemia Interactive. However newer games have come out and surpassed DayZ in many ways which makes DayZ no longer worth playing.
,Not Recommended,221100,19541963,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Nisi,I have never written a review in my life..And I wont wirite a review on this gameas its not worth my time as the developersobviously dont think we are worth their timeDont buy it.  Its  feels as though I have been scammed.I want a refund..
76561198075256289,Recommended,221100,12946595,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Vladimir Shiba,A Guy Shot Me With A Banana.10/10
,Recommended,221100,8529126,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Munchy,I just walked into an open door and died. 10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,15752383,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Zero Moda,"Played this game with friends and alone, now for aprox 120 hours only.The feeling in the game is great that you dont want to loose your stuff etc.but man come on, where is the bug corrections of cancel action, taking out weapons, etc? these bugs thats been there from like day 1.Zombies suck - isnt it a zombie / survival game? animations suck, come on its 2015?I dont recommend this game tho it has its fair share of fun stuff.the main reason for that is that it has been in alpha sinse 2013 its now 2015, is there any other game thats been in alpha that long? dont think so.for that i can only say that this game is big scam in the point of ever going for a stable full release. (but hey i bought an Early Access game)DayZ = the scam that was actually worth the money."
,Not Recommended,221100,8466300,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Gtwy,"I kept seeing this game on Reddit, so I decided to grab a copy for one of my friends and I so we could play. We didn't spawn anywhere near each other and there was no way to get to each other with how far apart we were. I spent hours watching how to youtube videos and even though I understand the concepts of the game now, it's near impossible to get anywhere on the map without getting killed.In addition to my frustration, the game is not just ""buggy and glitchy;"" it really doesn't work at all. My mouse starts to lag after a few minutes in the game to the point where it can take 2-3 minutes to move stuff from the left to right panes in the inventory panel. That's insane.Finally, the online community is one of the worst communities in online gaming I have ever experienced. I know it is a survival game, but the game attracts people with sadistic tendencies who simply want to screw over other players.If you get this game, expect for it to not function well enough that you can even play and don't expect to play with any of your friends."
76561198169313602,Not Recommended,221100,16195637,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,austen.logan1998,this game is nothing but a death match with no actual realistic zombies they open doors and kill you when your not even looking for them make this game better it is worthless
,Not Recommended,221100,16193652,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Astronauten Nigel,Absoulte balls.  Just get Arma 2!
76561198065317401,Not Recommended,221100,29798146,Posted: 9 February,all,Smidge Griffkin,"I have played dayz since the inception of the mod, I love it and still play to this day but this game is a money trap, it will never leave beta.♥♥♥♥♥♥... the creator himself left the project what does that tell you....? Dont waste your money. There are plenty of other complete games that will give you the same if not a better experience."
,Not Recommended,221100,17075874,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,TwentySixx,so... how do i get a refund? i thought steam were allowing that now
,Not Recommended,221100,17178413,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,GretSeat,"I used to love the mod to this game. It was incredible. Something new, something fun, incredibly scary at night, etc. Now.... *sigh* it's sad... It went to♥♥♥♥♥♥since they wanted to go to Standalone.The Mod: The mod had zombies... they were buggy, but they were zombies. Tons of them. They had night time, and nightime was TERRIFYING. As night was falling you would get scared for your safety.Standalone: The standalone... Well, there are no zombies. And if you do find any... well they hit you through walls, they crawl under the floors, they walk through doors... They are THE most annoying thing in this game. You gear up. And then walk into a building and get smacked until you bleed to death from an INVISIBLE ZOMBIE.It's been over a year, and they haven't fixed zombies yet. Instead they like to keep adding new gear, new hats, new guns, etc. No one wants that♥♥♥♥♥♥ We want zombies that don't kill us through walls.No servers are nighttime servers. Sadly, EVERY SERVER is a 24/7 Day server. The devs added in Flashlights, Flares, Lanterns, etc. But there is no reason to use them because no one uses the night time.Melee fights are dumb because you are lagging so badly.Everyone kills on sight. There is no reason to gear up other than to shoot other players. It's like a very drawn out deathmatch. Spawn. Gear Up. Die. Spawn Gear Up. Die. Spawn. Die. Spawn Die. Spawn Gear Up. Run... More Gear I guess? That's it. Sure it's fun at times, but god damn does it get old when you spawn with a buddy, and then die, only to spawn on the other side of the map. No vehicles. Oh wait, they added an extremely rare, extremely buggy truck.You'd assume they'd add bikes or something? Nope. Why would they do that?The funny part is... DayZ mod was using the Arma2 Engine. It was bad. The engine didn't let the devs do anything they wanted. You want custom features? Sorry, can only use what Arma will allow... And then when they announced Standalone... arma3 was about to come out. Instead of MOVING to Arma3.. they STAYED on a broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine. And now the game is WORSE than before. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why don't you LEARN from your mistakes and use a ♥♥♥♥ing different engine? Jesus...I mean, if you enjoy the alpha experience then go for it. But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥they took a perfectly good game and destroyed it. And it's been well over  a year and people they haven't fixed anything in this game.I mean, the game is about ZOMBIES, and they haven't FIXED THOSE YET. That should be the FIRST priority..."
,Not Recommended,221100,23911778,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ThePwnmeister,"WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAMETwo and a half years later, they still aren't lying.Edit: Three and a half years later. You know what's up."
,Not Recommended,221100,25125586,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,BlackEagle,That kind of game that you gift to someone you hate.
76561198045680973,Not Recommended,221100,25126537,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Perry2040,Why buy into a game that shows almost 0 development other than the latest and greatest Battle Eye Service Errors.?
76561198153761128,Not Recommended,221100,30971409,Posted: 5 April,all,Pastel,When do we get our refund?
,Not Recommended,221100,17080267,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,SLAiNTRAX,"Doesn't matter how good your PC is, it will lag lag lag and will lag even more. Devs do nothing to fix the issue. Waste of money."
,Not Recommended,221100,25212038,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,spooktober pepe,"Terrible, DO NOT BUY. It is worth it to get arma2 and download the mod."
76561198138804627,Not Recommended,221100,17964331,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,CampRefoogee,"Loads of potential.But,Game is utterly broken.Empty buildings for miles and miles with no supplies.Zombies glitch threw doors and floors.Problem has been noted and known of for years.No fix.No fix.No fix.Never will be fixed.Buy any other game, don't make my mistake.Sit back and make $$$$ asshoels."
,Not Recommended,221100,17166741,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,ballin,"This game has been in Alpha for way too long to be in the state that it is right now. I feel that in time the game will become a very good game, but being that it has been in Alpha stage since the first damn game of DOOM came out it is hard to keep hopes up of becoming something more than what it is."
,Not Recommended,221100,30972504,Posted: 5 April,all,Ixchel,"I can't recommend this game to anyone, I've been trying to play it again because I don't want to buy arma 2 to play the mod, but it's literally just as bad as it was when I first played it (Jan. 2014) I can enjoy this game, but it's hard to unless you are fully kitted out and also, don't climb ladders (They will literally kill you sometimes) But when I die from a ladder or my vehicle vanishes after a server disconnect, I just want to uninstall because I know these types of issues won't ever be fixed. Why? Because these glitches have been around since release, and if they haven't fix them yet, then they never will in my opinion. Sorry Bohemia, but you are bad, bad devs."
,Not Recommended,221100,18302104,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,/b/random,"Honestly Steam should give EVERYONE that bought this game that wants it their money back!!! I would NOT recommend anyone buy this game at it's current state or even when/IF it ever releases. The fact that it is still in EARLY ACCESS when they have had BILLIONS to complete this game not to mention at LEAST 2 YEARS is honestly ridiculous. The release date STILL SAYS 2013!!! If that doesn't scream hey don't buy me I suck and will take your money then idk what does. This should be the model that every developer scoffs at during their morning coffee breaks. I have been an ""Early Access"" player since it became available. I remember becoming more and more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the longer and longer beta kept getting pushed and the x amount of excuses they would come up with. A competent team of MODDERS could probably have released this game ten times over. And let's not forget that they then decided that when ARMA 3 came out well lets make a DayZ mod for that as well I mean we already have one game that is nowhere near complete full of bugs and is pretty much unplayable but why not right? That for me was my boiling point, I uninstalled and haven't looked back. Steam shouldn't even offer this anymore its a broken game that will never release."
,Not Recommended,221100,20143041,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Flackintosh #DeanHallVictim,"Worst development path of a game I've ever witnessed. Most toxic fan club of the one and only Dean Hall - people tried to voice their opnions on £20 being paid and getting nothing in return just to be shot down by people that I can only assume like getting ripped off? Not that any of that mattered because Dean Hall ♥♥♥♥ fu**ed off anyway up a mountain.They're now trying to make it what it was always supposed to be I think? But it's nowhere near.GOOD JOB EARLY ACCESS, I'M SO GLAD WE INVENTED THIS SYSTEM WHERE YOU GIVE THEM ALL THE MONEY BEFORE THE GAME IS FINISHED SO THEY HAVE NO INCENTIVE TO FINISH THE GAME ANYMORE."
,Not Recommended,221100,20727462,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Nutbeam,Runs like Oscar Pistorius.................without his legs.
76561198004422818,Not Recommended,221100,21419954,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Jovian,I WANT A REFUND.
,Not Recommended,221100,22419905,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Mr Bananas,Get ready to lag.
,Not Recommended,221100,16267351,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Big Seltzer,"This is one of the only games I've ever truly regretted buying. As of 2015 there is no reason anyone should waste their money on this. If you are looking into buying this, don't. It's been early access for 2 years now and will probably still be in early access in 2025. I tried to give this game so many chances hoping it might get better, but it seems to just get worse. The combat is buggy, hell who am I kidding, EVERYTHING is buggy in this game. My rig can run most games 60+fps on ultra. This game lags on the lowest settings. To top everything off, zombie combat is rare as most of the action in this game is with other players. That would be great if the community wasn't a bunch of paranoid players that just shoot on sight. The one great part about this game was how fast it uninstalled."
76561197983507647,Not Recommended,221100,17207680,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,VSPTT,"Needs more survival elements, way too PVP right now. Game is too buggy too, need lots of work to make this game to be good and playable. And what i am learn of those devs, that ain't going to happen, like never."
76561198055943829,Not Recommended,221100,22688127,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,PHATASMA,Don't buy it. I've been waiting for optimization for 2 years (even got a better pc).Rarely any updates. I wish I could get my money back.
,Not Recommended,221100,23913696,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Cro,"Pathetic development team.Minimal progess in 3 years, still countless bugs and problems. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,221100,11707074,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,synerGy.,"Dont waste your money, this is simply just a cash grab ploy. They are moving on to develope this game for PS4..which will be another cash grab considering their PC version isnt even remotely close to being complete.Get ArmA 2:OA and play Epoch/Epoch Origins/Overwatch or Overpoch. These games will provide you with more content than these clowns ever will.Also, get ArmA3 for when Epoch is released for that.All this game is, is a bad port of the original DayZ to ArmA 3 disguised as a standalone game."
,Recommended,221100,8791045,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,kal,Played 1 1/2 hours before I met my first survivor.We gazed into each others eyes.I said friendly.No response.I was handcuffed from behind and forcefed rotten fruit.I died.11/10 GOTY
,Recommended,221100,8637755,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Stresker,I read the bible and died12 rotten bananas out of 15 crowbars
76561198171418226,Not Recommended,221100,13911420,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,fradog,This game is nothing but hackers. You can't play the game because every server you go in their is at least one hacker.
76561197990325115,Not Recommended,221100,30903828,Posted: 2 April,all,Dako.22,"I think in about 5 years this game will still not be finished. But credits due, where credit's due. This is the game that started games like Playerunknown's battleground, H1Z1, ... But then again Arma 3 was before that, so..."
76561198064614808,Not Recommended,221100,22366813,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Lord-Nibbler,games garbage. glad this garbage dev isnt making games anymore aswell
76561198011486091,Not Recommended,221100,21953236,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mr. Plinkett,"Barbie dress-up running simulator with no zombies 2016.Autistic devs that add tons and tons of art assets in the game while failing to address core problems with the laggy buggy unresponsive gameplay.An interesting concept with perhaps the worst executions of all time.  Save your money, folks.  This game is NEVER coming out of alpha."
76561197985585155,Not Recommended,221100,32201201,Posted: 5 June,all,Johno69R,"167,117 reviews that paid $34.99 each = $5,847,423.83Even though thats probably not even close to the numbers that represent all the purchases it gives you a fair idea of how much money the developers have cut and run with. Hard earned money that you or your parents have worked for. They have basically stolen it with false hopes and pretenses. This game is an abonination and I believe should be removed from steam so no one else will fall for the bs and pay these fruadulent gipsters another cent.This is the only game on steam I have paid money for and felt I havent got even close to money for value. Do not buy this game. Your better off throwing your money out the window because atleast that way someone half decent might find it."
76561198201093946,Not Recommended,221100,16936408,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,buggyDota,"This game has a lot of potential. It needs a lot of work to get there. It is in alpha for some time now so it is safe to conclude development progress is slow. The following are what struck me most so note them and if you think you are fine with them then support this game. Otherwise, wait until it goes live.It is supposed to be a z-apocalypse. Yet the most fearsome enemy to overcome are other players and d-syc (or lag for some). Both can eliminate your character with minimal warning. Players will unceremoniously shoot you or disable you both leading to avatar death. Players also hoard materials, many times you will find areas systematically cleaned and the loot dumped somewhere (if you are patient you can find where other players dump them, if they havent de-spawned yet). Expecially the supposedly loot rich military bases. D-sync will surprise you with a zombie right beside you when it was empty a second ago. You have to spray and pray as the screen is jumping around. And if your silencer is damaged you will end up zed ganked. Not to mention that they have a high chance to go through walls and closed doors. I typically shoot zombies from inside a structure normally the 2nd floor or higher, and try to clean the area before scavenging. It is annoying when one zed pops behind me across all those ""closed"" doors.The end game is lacking. I have several avatars across different servers fully kitted. But there is nothing to do, I resort to challenging myself and getting ""better"" equipment. There is no way for you to maintain inventory outside of your avatar, no base, impossible to make a stash (have you found a sandbag anywhere?), no battery to operate electronics, complicated cooking system (like why will you bring a cooking pot and tripod along with you all the time? when a zed pops up beside you, you really can't use the tripod much less the pot. canned goods is better), the UI and controls are crazy and makes exporation a painful experience (example there is all this space to explore but you have to do it by walking or running. there is no constant run key so good luck with your fingers. and if your character is always running you are in extremely high risk of falling from high places, as have happened to me several times.. remember to change your setting to walk when traversing high areas like rooftops, steel walkways, castles, ). I found vehicles several times, the V3S, but it makes me drop my 2nd rifle and for a truck you don't have inventory space. Truck with no inventory or cargo capacity? According to the forum this will be fixed next and have a small inventory space...ergo, you can carry more stuff than the truck."
,Not Recommended,221100,17270595,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Lswag I,ill make this positive when the zombies aren't hackers
76561198173434227,Not Recommended,221100,16096558,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Saintskillers01,This game is the most boring piece of sh*t ive ever played theres bearly anything to do all u do is run and run and run until some di*k shoots you 4 YEARS!! in development and this is what you get. This is the biggest mistake of my life buying this DONT BUY THIS GAME!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,18579885,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,PABLO'S SECRET SOUND,"I swear by it, I've followed this game's development more then I have anything else. I was a proud supporter of what they were doing.But I have to say, nothing has let me down harder. People may say ""It's still earlly access,"" and I also defended the game with heart and soul, but it was just too good to be true.A buggy unfinished peice of crap that underdelivers with devs to match.1/10Would strongly not recommend"
,Not Recommended,221100,18495707,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Ragequit Randy,Literally one of the worst games i've ever played. Save your money. Almost nothing has changed in well over a year. 0/10
,Not Recommended,221100,23142409,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Petrov,"Pros--Dayz used to be a fun game in the very early release where guns were not impossible to find and ammo was abundant.-encounters with other players are fun and add an interesting aspect to the game-The map is interesting with many accesible buildings and features.-With consistent updates the game could easily reach my top 5 but sadly it is nothing in comparison to the Arma 2 mod.Cons-The zombie AI was broken in 2013 and is still broken as of right now in 2016, zombies occasionally phase through walls and are hard to kill without a gun.-guns are easy to find but ammo is extremely rare and more often than not you will have a weapon with no ammo or ammo and no clip.-The game has been out for 3 years and still has not been properly optimized. In all honesty i could run Dayz with 60+ fps on near maxed settings in 2013 but now in 2016 its sub 20 fps even with a reasonable gaming pc.-Devs cannot keep promises with updating the game as exemplified by the 2015 roadmap, and also the constant pushback of the .6 update which is supposed to finally optimize the game-Gunplay is alright but very difficult due to lag and poor optimization of the game.-Vehicles have been added but are wonky and tend to glitch, break, and get stuck to the point where they are almost unusable at times.I would really like to give this game a positive review but due to the sheer amount of waiting ive done to see this game through, i sadly cannot say that it is worth the money. If the game drops under 15$ maybe itd be worth the buy to try it out."
,Not Recommended,221100,23356403,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Achieving Is Believing,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!, runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and do u really wana play for hours to finally find a gun and then die?? theyve made 81million$$$ in this game and its still alfa after years? its♥♥♥♥♥♥plz dont buy this!!"
76561198119672188,Recommended,221100,10578780,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ShadyKiller420,Brought me to pc gaming. Well worth it!
,Not Recommended,221100,23734935,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Bill Bye the Later Guy,Forever alpha
,Recommended,221100,9738871,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Heliosk,"Looted a large abandoned ship, found a friendly guy, traded stuff and teamed up. He said ""Alright, meet me back at the bottom of the ship when you're done looting, holler if you need me."" Alright, nice guy. I loot around on the other end and a guy comes up stabbing me with an axe, ""HELP"" I yell out, and all I see is my ""friend"" running off in the distance yelling ""yeah good luck with that mate."" Community = 13/10"
,Recommended,221100,8686514,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ecko,"I accidentally drank disinfectant instead of using it. I died. 10/10, would play again."
76561197961993815,Not Recommended,221100,30724311,Posted: 25 March,all,ESF | eyek,"Give this game another 3 years of development - I think then it may be worth picking up. Until then, you have BattleGrounds and other interesting games coming out soon. 5/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,29107278,Posted: 7 January,all,FunnyKiwi,3 Years of alpha3 Years of bugs3 Years of promises3 Years of lies
,Not Recommended,221100,31061309,Posted: 10 April,all,BigSnowManD,"glad this game was a gift. i feel bad for all the gamers who have bought this title. if you are thinking of buying dayz dont, go buy arma 3. after 303 hours i am finally giving up and uninstalling.thanks for the few good times i had"
76561197999136450,Not Recommended,221100,16966350,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,System of a downsyndrome,"It has been in alpha for like 2 years♥♥♥♥If you buy it in it's current state, you will contract so many STD's and you will start complaining about the game even though it's still an alpha. I do it."
,Not Recommended,221100,22510289,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Mazer Reck'em,"Early access is a flawed platform, and ever since Rocket (former lead dev) jumped ship development has slowed to a crawl that makes the $30 pricetag completly unreasonable"
,Not Recommended,221100,18902293,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,LVL 99 Slime,they are never gonna finish at this rate just buy arma 2 and play the old mod
,Not Recommended,221100,8078610,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Saint Satan,Almost 5 years in alpha with very little improvements.
,Not Recommended,221100,22023105,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,GAD,"I was scathing in my previous review of a year ago. I am now going to put in its place, the simple phrase that if a miravle happens and this game gets good, then I will recant, recommend and review again. In the meantime I am staying on the side of caution."
76561198007056701,Not Recommended,221100,22618714,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,BtoTheW,"The greatest game that never was, well unlest the game is released in 2020"
76561198090521268,Not Recommended,221100,21974105,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,LIROJ MERLIN,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME BY ANY MEANS THE BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY EU
,Not Recommended,221100,25166005,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Night,"i love the concept but the bugs and all the things that do not work (its alot) ruins the game totaly, and it have been so for 3 years so i dont think they will fix it. so its a could be awesome type of game"
,Not Recommended,221100,25168241,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,WagonWheel,"It's been almost 3 years since this game launched on steam.But before that it was in ""development"" for what seemed like an eternity.3 Years since this game came out on steam .....AND , it's still in alpha.3 years in alpha.3 ♥♥♥♥ing years , in , alpha.Done."
,Not Recommended,221100,25134973,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Big D,"3 Years into development. From a 20 min session I found: Broken AI, No Loot spawning, No Players, Graphical Glitches, And Broken Dreams. This review used to read that I enjoyed the game, but wouldn't recommend it, I now dislike this crap, and still dont recommend it"
,Not Recommended,221100,17482721,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,파들어익,"Buy it when it's on at least 50% sale. In my personal opinion, it's not worth 35 dollars. Not a lot of loot for a lot of walking."
76561198080564905,Not Recommended,221100,18349653,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,hamsammiches,Alright got alot of hours in this garbage so i feel i can have an opinion.  Oh you have an m4 with 60 rounds watch your back or ♥♥♥♥in randy couture will sneak up in a tshirt and jeans and knock you out in one punch.  I wish i could get back the hours of my life ive wasted in this♥♥♥♥♥♥game.  Dean Hall is an egotistical ♥♥♥♥ boy and the same goes for the rest of the devs ♥♥♥♥ this im out.
,Not Recommended,221100,24141110,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,R33K,"If you're thinking about buying this game, don't. Buy Rust instead.  Rust is a much better game for 15 bucks less than this piece of garabage.Rust has better opimization, animations, items, people, etc.  All Dayz has is broken promises...and broken mechanics.I PAID FULL PRICE AND IT STILL KILLS ME INSIDE"
,Not Recommended,221100,17282142,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,cuphead,HEY DO U GUYS REMEMBER WHEN THIS GAME WAS FUN?
,Not Recommended,221100,17494336,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,UtzstU,"Got this when it first came out expecting at least a playable game by now. It's still broken beyond belief, absolute mockery of early access. 0/10 will not fund early access ever again."
,Not Recommended,221100,17410795,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,The Coo Frog,"Don't buy. Tryed to return but let it set idle for few hours. ♥♥♥♥ my life, waste of thirty bucks. I have a $1,000 rig and still lags on potato graphics. What the actual ♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥. Why the hell did I buy this? ♥♥♥♥ this russian piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I thought russia had better things to do than make♥♥♥♥♥♥games that are in alpha for THREE ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS."
76561198051063223,Not Recommended,221100,18319854,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Bazooka RICKY,If you buy this game you will have payed 34.99$ and you will get exactly 39 fps. Please people do yourself a favor and dont buy this trash.
76561197997745571,Not Recommended,221100,21555024,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[URU] .OUTBACK.,"Came back to the game about 9 months later... look! They've added more guns! And a bandana!How about FPS? Still very low-to unplayable in cities...Trust me, you can get your DayZ fix somewhere else...try ARMA 3 mods...  they do it way better, without tricking customers."
76561197998380630,Not Recommended,221100,9904097,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,dnl,PayZ LagAlone - Help founding D.H. amazing trips around the world!
,Not Recommended,221100,16194979,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Choomah,its ugly and dull
,Not Recommended,221100,21850883,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,HuskyMuffin24,I would rather cut off my toes & sell them to a blind boy then play this game again. It's littered with bugs. Something as common as swapping weapons can't be done sometimes because of the amount of bugs in this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,22931031,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,switzerland is my city,"DO NOT BUY.Game doesn't run at all even with absolutely terrible graphics on a gtx 960. Barely any zombies, you'll spend your time running around like a retard until you'll die from thirst, hunger or IRL exhaustion.Pros:Quite a huge mapCons:Zombies aren't presentStill in ""alpha"" even if its been yearsDevs are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Unplayable even with a PC that can run most 2015-2016 games easilyBugs that are still unfixed since release.All of that for 30 bucks? Are you ♥♥♥♥ING me?Hackers and nothing seems to be done against them.Do NOT buy that mess, or atleast be sure to ask for a refund ASAP. I'm ashamed to have this on my steam library."
76561198044245485,Not Recommended,221100,24825789,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ϟϟ -Iperyt- ϟϟ,This game has been in Early Access Alpha for FIVE YEARS and barely anything has changed. WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥???
76561198017477488,Not Recommended,221100,15783082,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,UpUranus,Whats happened to this game??? I've played over 800 hours but not lately...come back and all I do is run around looking for food which I can't find being chased by zombies until I die from starvation!!!! Used to love this game !!! Back to Epoch then....bye!!
,Recommended,221100,10210500,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Lasher,"The interactions are what make this game. It is ALPHA there ARE bugs but I was told that before I paid for the game. I have made 11 friends I met in game and still play with. There are some KOS and PVP (can we ban the 12yr old COD whinnies?) but most of the time we get to talk to someone it turns out good. I still go Lone Wolf sometimes and learned I have to change my play style but still make friends. For most people I would say find a friend to teem up with. It takes some time to learn the map and how to get loot but now I can go out on my own and get looted up good in a few hours tops. Still run into jerks and bandits but a good gunfight gets my heart going. Ban the cheaters bandits are a part of the game and spawn killing KOSing azzhats still get me but for the most part can be avoided. If you have the right attitude you will love this game, if you are looking for the next COD you will ruin this game."
76561197989934853,Not Recommended,221100,32458385,Posted: 15 June,all,Anfield,Boooo Not Cool!
76561198052333066,Not Recommended,221100,23306718,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SlghtlyDisresKillYourself,"I am guessing the Devs have just gave up?Firstly, this game has been in Early Access for at least 2 years, which is pretty worrying.They got rid of the zombies, hell, it should just be called 'Day'Waste of my money.My specs on my PC outmatch the reccomended specs by an amazing amount, so why is it I am either limited to 25 fps on Ultra-High, although I run Skyrim on Ultra-High at 60, but when I go down to the lowest setting, it only reaches 45?Pretty worrying.I wouldn't reccomend buying until it's released (IF IT EVER DOES.)"
76561198156901289,Not Recommended,221100,18302132,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,MyDadBeatsMyMom,"This game gave me cancer, so much time wasted just for collecting gear and weapons. Kill yourself Dean:)"
,Not Recommended,221100,16548466,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,xLije,It's a decent hiking simulator.
,Not Recommended,221100,32226069,Posted: 6 June,all,Ryanblake357 hellcase.com,"This game is still in dev. The dev's are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s tho. They dont know how to fix the bugs like the camo glitch. It's a good game but the devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Anything people say about the game to them they want to ban them if its bad about the game. This would be a wonderful game if they stepped up there game and put some effort into fixing bugs,glitches and exploits. If u want a supporting dev community game this IS NOT for u. Over I give it a NONE RECOMMENDATION!"
,Not Recommended,221100,17332592,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Fridock,There is nothing to catch in this Early Alpha for mod veterans (yet). For everyon else i guess that would be a great game to play.
76561198041162144,Not Recommended,221100,18122091,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,TheLordOfTips,This is bad. So many years have past. No updates or decent patches. Can i have a refund? I really spent on this and would like my money back as this game poses no entertainment or so.
76561198071581070,Not Recommended,221100,18601436,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Zionic™,"“At the current time the core development of the base DayZ game is projected to run between 2.5 to 3 years. (Putting the departure from Early Access at approximately mid 2016)”Yup, you heard them...Time to wait some more."
76561198029070911,Not Recommended,221100,21859482,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Koutny CZE,"This game is a bad joke, really!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,22057101,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Shrek,Its been 3 years and we are still in Alpha....GLHF
,Not Recommended,221100,20733245,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Mantis Toboggan MD,"They say buy it if you want to support the development but the development is non existant. This was a multi million dollar scam, they should be ashamed of having their name on this product. They are slowly breaking this game a little more each update.TL;DR Broken since day"
,Not Recommended,221100,18518039,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Squirtle,"Developers took our money and ran, refund all whom purchased this game please."
,Not Recommended,221100,18234276,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,hypomaniac,"As a Devops Engineer and Web Developer reading the updates of this game it seems like they waste A LOT of time building things, undoing them ( because of poor planning and or implementation ) and then redoing them again.Again, I dont know whats going on behind the scenes but reengineering various mechanisms from the ground up over and over points to some real issues in the dev team and/or leadership. Considering the sales... Its an absolute joke its still in alpha.When you develop something, You design it , You improve it, You move on to the next thing. You dont randomly edit bits here and there and randomly redo them over and over again....Day Z is, Build it, Oh it didnt work ""Great news we redesigned this mechanism"" , then two months later ""Great news we redesigned this broken mechanism""I feel like the dev team leader is Farnsworth from Futurama. ""Good news everyone, Weve just announced how terrible we think our past work is but now it wont be we pinky sware kkkthnxbai?""The patch updates are like watching a small child with a mood disorder smash and rebuild sand castles over and over.Now there is a disclaimer ""PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME""Hilarious... Thats actually THEIR ♥♥♥♥ING JOB."
,Not Recommended,221100,20420432,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Rob,"Haha, I  just Ended year 11 and was in holidays before my last year of School, when I learn't of Arma 2 Dayz. I ended up failing my Year 12 VCE....5pm-1/4am most nights gaming.I was also a Call of duty Cybergamer kid, so i had to strech my gaming times for CoD and Dayz out evenly, or my 16 year old Vietnamese and 35 year old Dutch (and his wife) friends on Dayz would relocate or bases out of anger and I would be stranded. As dreams and hope for the game grew, news came of theDayz Standalone, everyone was excited and already saving their pennies for the best game ever to be released.Then we got this, just utter crap.Everythig thing it offered, dayz mod has, its just graphics which still tear just like in dayz mod....I was 17/18 back then with hope, now i'm 21 and joining the military in March, I will not get to play this game the way i was going to play it 3 years ago, thats if i'm even going to play it."
,Not Recommended,221100,21410256,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Doofus Drake,"First of all, i am one of the people who played DayZ when it was a mod only. this is a bad adaptation from mod to standalone game, i would be able to forgive the gqame if it had just gone into early access but it hasn't. it has been in early access for two years. let's just see some pros and cons about the game.Pros:- Fun with friends.- an okay survival game.- an okay friendly community.Cons:- bad optimization, the game has fps issues. (i have an GTX geforce 970 4 gb, i5 4690 3,5 ghz, 8 gb ram, over 3 TB of storage) i have t oplay on the lowest settings to have 60 fps which is not even consistent.- a dead community, a multiplayer game only has very few servers which have people on them.- laggy zombies, weird attack splashes which hit you even when you're far away.- bad hit boxes in general.- lots of weapons (guns) but no ammount of ammo.in general the game is not good, it's being updated quite frequently but it's just bad."
76561198094519557,Not Recommended,221100,21255354,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Salty Missile,"How the reviews on this are 'mostly positive' i don't know.I have been an avid fan of DayZ for years, the mod was great with so much potential and improvements. Even the glitches of the mod were pretty funny.When i like many others heard about the release of DayZ SA it sounded perfect. A true survival game and a dream come true for me among many. However, two years on and the game is a disaster. Let's face it, the release was a massive buzzkill, considering on release it was more ♥♥♥♥ed than Jimmy Saville's victims and the game hasn't really improved since then.Firstly, your PC wont be able to run it unless you have a very high end setup. The game has NO optimisation at all and by allah you can feel it. The FPS seems to get worse and worse with every update. With a NVIDIA GTX 960 and I54590K processor i now feel my FPS is too low to even try and play DayZ. Which is a shame, because even in its broken state if i could run it decently i'd definitly give it another try.Secondly, updates seem to take SA one step forward and five steps back. Every update fixes one bug and creates a million more, meaning that half the updates are to fix bugs but then they create more bugs. Plus the updates are usually totally irrelevant, for example, the Devs release new guns and content (which i'm all for) yet they do not seem to want to fix the absolutely wank things they call 'zombies'. For a ZOMBIE SURVIVAL game the zombies have not once been right or done well in any wa, shape or form.Infact, this game isn't worth a long-detailed review of all the positives and negatives i can't even be arsed to go into detail. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, it is shockingly broken and will never be fixed. Don't even try and say 'It will be great one day' because i would love to agree with you but two years and over £50,000,000 profit later the game is still horrendous. I've lost all faith in bohemia interactive and the DayZ series. If you want to play DayZ, play the mod."
,Not Recommended,221100,22419264,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,DoubleDork,still not finished...
76561198130927993,Not Recommended,221100,22436611,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Ludovico Sforza,"Good idea, bad devs. I highly recommend not purchasing this game, and implore you to consider not purchasing games from these devs."
,Not Recommended,221100,23248880,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Wezrx,Worst game i've bought in my life.
,Not Recommended,221100,23255619,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,If i fall,Way worse than the mod. no community servers.
76561198064316457,Not Recommended,221100,30947807,Posted: 4 April,all,Chrisoo,"Used to be good, now it's bad..."
,Not Recommended,221100,21909476,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,MIT,"Ever since I played this game I now refer to games that are poorly optimized and broken as ""DayZ""I hope the New Assassins' creed isn't a DayZThis game's optimization is seriously DayZI hope the developers of the new MMORPG doesn't pull a DayZ"
,Not Recommended,221100,23987014,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,m1rev,"2,5 years since I bought this game, but it still is raw piece of sht as it was, nothing changed. I want my 30 bucks back."
,Not Recommended,221100,31345923,Posted: 24 April,all,Kryp,They're just trying to steal your money
,Not Recommended,221100,23914949,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,b,Successful snatch and grap for money. Steam should have intervened years ago and refund all involved.Official release date is sometime in the next century.
,Not Recommended,221100,18802654,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,HaywireSkuff,"If i could refund i did it, it has been on Alpha for 2 ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS ! This is a bait game that steal your money, do not buy it."
76561198029249682,Not Recommended,221100,22042002,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Loner,"Breaking point mod for Arma 3 is so much beter in every way, more content and the developers take arma 3 maps and make them run perfect. i have trouble runing altis sometimes but when playing breaking point i always have 60+ fps. i dont know how they do it but they should've been the developers for dayz :(Update 1/08/2017Devs Deleted my discussion on about me saying that the zombies ruin the game and should be removed and whoever thought of adding them back is an idiot in the dev team. Babies can't handle criticism :)"
,Not Recommended,221100,30982893,Posted: 6 April,all,Belial,sad...
76561198012683304,Not Recommended,221100,29049447,Posted: 5 January,all,Junoberries,"the game is completely and utterly broken, little or no effort has been made to get the game out of alpha in seven yearsI seldom give bad reviews. but this game has for a number of reasons persuaded me to write this review.if you care about the future of this game consider the following1. you need to fix the problems you already have before throwing a bunch of extra content in. the game has lag and graphics issues already without adding to the problem to the point where the only way you can play it is if you have a top end PC with 12 gigs of ram and a 2 gig video card. (that's unacceptable)2. consider your player base not your bottom line3. 7 years in alpha is no excuse for poor programing,4. the game has very little substence to it in terms of the overall gameplay, what it has is players.5. the most common problem the game has aside from the badly scripted updates making the game worse is hacking..6. it's not twitch friendly. streamers beware this game will crash you.that said... i wont be reccomending the game to friends and will most certainly be going out of my way to persuade my friends who do play to consider other options when gaming with me."
,Recommended,221100,19945867,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,TheHashPack,dayz is getting there picking it up one step at a time i believe this game will become the best survival game out there keep it going!
,Not Recommended,221100,20862522,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Deja Q,No.
76561198016206973,Not Recommended,221100,13922282,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,SniperV,"Don't bother with it.The mods are still better and you can get them for free. SA version has a ton of different problems and devs either can't be bothered or simply don't know how to fix them. The progress is extremly slow and with that pace, game might get finished in ~3 more years.Edit: 4.05.2015Still waiting for any meaningfull updates.In the meantime I upgraded my computer. Arma 3 works flawlessly on highest settings, SA in major cities struggles on low.Edit 2: 28.06.2016Well, 0.60 is out and many people claim that it fixed the main issue or that SA is finally great.I admit, frames are better. I'd say they are acceptable, fps drops still happen but it's not game-breaking anymore. That's one problem fixed. Not good enough.Zombies (or infected) still have buggy attack animations and weird hitboxes. On top of that most of the time you will not find any zeds at all.Melee continues to be abysmal.Survival aspects are just bad. We have hunting, fishing and growing plants. All of that is pointless, because you can easily find tons of canned food. On top of that you can get infinite amount of food from berry bushes or apple trees.With no zombies and weak survival mechanics you just run around from place to place looking for loot, but what's the point?End game is pathetic.You can't build bases, only set up tents. Tents tend to disappear every know and then.There are no helis. We have only very few vehicles that are now much harder to repair and even more buggy. You might crash into invisible textures and destroy your car.Basically, both vehicles and tens are a waste of time, because of bugs.PvP isn't much better. We have maybe 2 interesting weapons. Nothing cool, rare that you will keep searching for. Weapon damage and item destruction are both fubar. I took 3 7.62 bullets to my chest from 10m away, lived and only found out that every single item in my backpack is ruined (even my stone knife), jacket ruined and... my boots. How the f can this happen?In DayZ mod 7.62x54 round at close distance would hit you for 66% health, but not in SA.Currently, I don't see any reason to play SA. You will get better gaming experience in any other zombie survival game, hell even H1Z1."
,Recommended,221100,10150033,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,TiGGaZ,"Spawning, Get killed while spawning, respawning, walking, walking, walking...walking, finding a raincoat, finding a cowboy hay, finding sunglasses,  *taking off sunglasses* *putting sunglasses on*, finding a gun with no ammo, getting hit by a zombie while inside a house, my leg is painful, i feel damp, i feel wet, i feel hungry, i feel tickles in my pusspuss, find ammo for your gun, finding a banana, loading gun, getting shot, unconscious, blackscreen, the end.If you like this, then i recommend DayZ"
76561198048091979,Recommended,221100,9811639,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Prometheus Unbound,"I generally avoid multiplayer games like this as a rule. Mainly because i dislike PVP. I also really have become tired of the whole Zombie side of games and avoid them, mostly.Then a friend introduced me to DayZ...I thought ""Sure give it a go, i have someone to play alongside, probably wont enjoy it"" You get the idea... And then i played it.And i realised that this is not a full on zombie game. It is the survival game (correction: Constantly expanding survival game) i have been looking for.Its hard, the players can be somewhat ruthless, but some just wanna help. This is a study in human nature at work. And it is beautiful. Seriously.Dont expect to be hand fed all the things you need. Dont expect help in general, unless you can find someone to team up with who will help.You will need to take care of your basic needs such as food and drink. And that may mean fighting for those resources. Or you may be able to find food littered in a house somewhere.This game takes survival to another level, though. It has you thinking on your feet. If you are injured and have no access to medical supplies, what do you do? I dont want to spoil the punchline for you but this game allows you to use in-game objects in ways you would normally not use them, unless in a survival situation. You begin with only a torch and the clothes on your back... You figure it out.Which is what this game is all about: You figure it out. What do you do with what you find and see.This is not Call of Duty. Run and gun, and you WILL be killed pretty quickly. You need to use tactics. Plus, guns and ammo are not always easy to find. So, if you bring a knife to a gun fight, well... You know how its going to turn out.Let me sum my rant up for you:This is not the best game ever, but hey its early access. The one thing it is, is a survival game pure and simple, with a smattering of Zombies here and there. And it does it well. Plus, all the non-zombies are real human beings which means you are up against more than just AI's.I reccomend this game fully. You will find it fun. And idf you are like me; the sort of person who dislikes multiplayer games, you may find a multiplayer game you can acctually enjoy.The best advice i can give you though is team up. Find a friend and really play it as a team. Oh, and, get yourself a fireaxe early on. trust me..."
76561198062877962,Not Recommended,221100,30730880,Posted: 25 March,all,bradley100715,"I don't even know where to start. First of all, the game has been unplayable for the longest time. Even today with patch 0.61, it takes three game restarts to play. Let's not forget, even when you finally get into the game, zombies will spawn wherever you are! I spawned with 10 right next to me. So, I ran off to a cabin in the woods. It had no food, no gear, nothing, and if that wasn't the worst of it, I was ambushed by 3 zombies leaving the cabin. SERIOUSLY?! Do NOT waste your money on this trash. There's nothing good here. The visuals are touch and go, and the gameplay is trash. But I'd be willing to forgive that, all of it if they bothered to attempt to fix it, but no, they only continue to make it harder to play. Wolves, dynamic spawns, and a yet to be fixed loot systems that leaves you without food or water, sealing your fate. I get that this is an alpha, but how can a game be in alpha for so long and still suck this much?"
,Not Recommended,221100,30668993,Posted: 22 March,all,Poo brain,"This game can go eat a donkeys ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the devs can go eat one too bruv""We promise a full release in 2016"" ♥♥♥♥ off ♥♥♥♥ give my money back ♥♥♥♥ im not mad just kinda angry and a little bit mad give me my ♥♥♥♥in money u ♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Not Recommended,221100,29801179,Posted: 9 February,all,Catpain Marion McTebb,"♥♥♥♥ing garbage. I got this game Feb 2 2014, it's now Feb 9 2017 and absolutely ♥♥♥♥ all has changed.Not to mention the ffact that it is a concept that just doesn't work in this setup. The mod worked, plenty of gear, vehicles PVP was fun with PVE element thrown in. In this all you do is run around for hours upon hours trying to scrape together some half decent gear while also trying to stay alive only to get KoS by someone with better gear. The PVP/PVE balance is way off."
,Not Recommended,221100,32181315,Posted: 4 June,all,FqncyM,This game had so much potential. . .All wasted.Don't buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198202521080,Not Recommended,221100,17177605,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,T2tharigger,What  a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t way to die in the middle of a fire fight i run into guy guy dead on with my ak but an error message pops up so i have to click continue and  by the time i do that i am dead eaven with the jump on him ♥♥♥♥ you dayz
,Not Recommended,221100,16432070,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,xo,♥♥♥♥in poverty af
,Not Recommended,221100,17771862,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,The Codfaction,"Just no comment...Definitely not.I will not list 10000000000000000 cons of this game, I will name just a few:1. Try to find the server, you click 2 times to wait 30 minutes in anticipation of the start of the game, because the ""Please wait"" does not start the game, and if you will wait, you will see this: ""You are banished from the game"", well, or will restart the server and have to find a new.2. Optimization... easy if you have computer for 1 million dollars-you will lag, Oh yes,  NATO computers will lag, max fps 30.3. The running game will force you to wait so that while you start the game, you'll have gray hair, Yes, from old age.4. Graphics. Graphics.... It is expected that 2010. Well ok, if put to maximum speed, and, but for masochists, because the change to take effect, you must restart the ""game"", and when you restart this selected piece-of♥♥♥♥♥♥all the settings the game will fail.5. Cars.. Bagged cars.. Bad controls and optimization.--------------------------------------------------------------------Oh yeah, the game just gave up, don't add anything, overpriced, although this game is a maximum of 3 dollars costs.--------------------------------------------------------------------Don't buy this. Even if you don't mind the money, you must be sorry for their nerves.--------------------------------------------------------------------Well yeah, still not buying positive reviews, it's all cheat developers idiots.--------------------------------------------------------------------The worst game in Steam ever"
76561198003679089,Not Recommended,221100,22644486,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,TakeMyShit,Great idea great concept great feeling. Terrible optimization (All Bohemia Interactive games !!!)Super slow development ... be back in a few years to check.Totally not worth the price!
,Not Recommended,221100,18861874,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,RiNzLeR,"I've played Dayz more than anyone you know, 1400 hours.  Here is everything you need to know about all the poor decision making that the developers have made:3,000,000 Units sold of Dayz8,000 peak players currently play Dayz =1 out of 384 people who purchased the game still play this piece of crap."
76561197965961639,Not Recommended,221100,21140183,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,YouDeadSucka,the mod is still better......ALOT better....
,Not Recommended,221100,22419415,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,SylverWulf,"Lame and dead... you're looking at a massive black hole of sadness and sweet, sweet tears of sad gamers everywhere."
,Not Recommended,221100,18565404,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,だれも,"It is a Alpha... I can live with that. But I can't even start the game. My resolution & other things changed, 320x180 resolution or something like that. And besides that, the game crashes after 5 seconds. Have tried everything, searched the Steam Forums & many other things.Have seen many Early Access titles. Many of them are great. DayZ isn't great, it is just a bug itself.Refunded it. Say what you want, but it is my right as a customer.Do not let them dazzle you. About 31,000 negative reviews. That says enough."
,Not Recommended,221100,18739805,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,SPBLimited™,I admire the devlopers for this game. Very unique I think is the phrase to use as never before has a game actually gotten worse as it becomes more 'developed'. Don't buy this game. If you're that desperate to get rid of £22 then it would go to a better cause by chucking it in a sewer.
,Not Recommended,221100,21918942,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Bio Hero,Feel like an egyptian mummy wating for the turn of the century for an update to is game.DayZzzzzzz..... indeed
,Not Recommended,221100,18562331,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,jmacmoe,"I feel like this game got by on what the developers promised would be in the game. So far they have failed to deliver on all of these promises. If anything the game has gotten less stable. I get the feeling that the developers have made their money from the game and have no incentive to actually finish anything. I really wanted this game to be great, but after taking a long break and seeing that things are actually even worse than before I've given up all hope that this game will get finished."
,Not Recommended,221100,18884942,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[XI] Kauê,More dollars than frames per second
76561198006633699,Not Recommended,221100,22576378,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,TankZLID,"As much as i would love to say ""buy this"" i cant as its been 2 an a half years since this Early access started and the game is still unplayable on most rigs the updates are few and far apart, at this rate it'll be 2020 before we see a full release so dont bother wasting your money."
,Not Recommended,221100,22429320,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Generation,"Permadeath is a nice feature but since the community is not letting this game be a survival game but just a PvP game / shooter, its really a waste of time and effort to play."
,Recommended,221100,8442180,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Silvur,Female zombies know how to take a fire axe up the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198141513962,Not Recommended,221100,16074373,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,ghh,save your money and time. don't get this trash.
,Not Recommended,221100,8404383,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,drivec,"Before I write anything else, yes, I understand that this game is an early access game that's still being developed. Yes, I understand that it's an alpha. Yes, I understand that it's advertised to be full of bugs and will largely be broken for months to come.Should you spend your hard-earned cash on this titleright now?If this is your first time jumping into DayZ or you aren't already a fan, I say not yet. Maybe wait for the game to get a little more solid before spending your money."
,Recommended,221100,8662122,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Vladimir Yurkov,"Running towards an armed M4 guy yelling ""I HAVE AN FIRE EXTINGUISHEEEERRR!!!"" is not a good idea, I got shot.Still a great game despite all the bugs.10/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,30757595,Posted: 26 March,all,Riddler,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░▀░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░DAY-Z░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░
,Recommended,221100,18675952,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MisterCreepz,2016 - The International Lunar Observatory begins operations.2018 - The market for biofuels is experiencing a period of rapid growth.2020 - Ultra High Definition Television (4320p) is common in homes.2022 - Poland begins exporting the PL-01 stealth tank.2024 - The first probe to fly into the Sun's outer atmosphere.2026 - 3-D printed electronic membranes to prevent heart attacks.2027 - ...DayZ comes out of alpha.
,Recommended,221100,9693069,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Stray White Cat,"Forget about Zombies. They are there. But they are not a big threat to you. They might as well pull them out of the games. However, what is a huge treat to you and what makes DayZ the most intense game I own, are the fellow players.You start off with pretty much nothing, you will starve and dehydrate over time, so you better get going. Enter the nearest buildings to hopefully find soda or water, canned beans or Tuna, even rotten fruit is better than nothing. You might find other clothes to make your character more personal, or you might want to find military clothes to melt into the nature. Weapons are an important thing in DayZ. You will most likely find melee weapons all over the place, anything from a kitchen knife to the axe. But hidden around the towns inside the buildings you will come across fire weapons. Every fire weapon needs its specific type of ammo which you will need to search for as well. You will always be on the move, which gives DayZ a good flow.I love DayZ because of the players. Who wants to kill you for the sake of killing? Who will stab you in the back in the end? Who really are the friendly player that wants to go on an adventure with you? You can not be sure, and that makes every meeting with a new player great and intense for me. I have been chased by someone for 15 minutes who wants to beat me up. I have been kidnapped by a gang, then rescued by two people who sniped the gang members from distance. I have joined a group of people, where in the end, we all got stabbed in the back by someone who joined us later. I never had these situations happening in any other game, and I love it.The land of DayZ is really huge. You will be running long distances getting from town to town, several minutes in some cases, and I understand how that can turn people away. Zombies tend to walk through walls, they got troubles following you up the stairs to the higher floors, there are many items in the game that are not used for anything yet. I do not mind it too much since DayZ is still in its alpha stage, but for what it is, it gives so much. If you are able to find your friend, you might get the best coop experience you have ever had."
76561198075145503,Not Recommended,221100,23915533,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,@TCTyus,I HATE EVERYPNE WHO MADE THIS GAME ITS BEEN YEARS WITH NO TYPE OF IMPROVMENT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME PLAY THE MOD
,Recommended,221100,8348246,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,silenT_,"within the first 10 minutes of gameplay I was kidnapped, and forced to execute other players.very good, later I got executed aswell."
,Recommended,221100,9758689,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,45th President Donald J. Trump,Killed my friend over a kitchen knife.10/10 would do again.
76561197981581427,Not Recommended,221100,30734656,Posted: 25 March,all,OverDozed,its only fun until you realise youve been duped on your money with fake promises of an actual game
76561198054511531,Not Recommended,221100,22696786,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,[LLL] Rct | Bent Banana,This game has been in Alpha For ever and have lost total interesst in the game and not waiting for it any longerWould Not Recomend
,Not Recommended,221100,23030559,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),This gaem is still buggy. il get it when its not in alpha
,Not Recommended,221100,23338188,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Recker,Game sucks but it a 10/10 running simulator
76561197988408711,Not Recommended,221100,23339463,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Brick Top,"Unpolished, laggy terrible crap. Games been in early access forever and still no progress. This games not half of what the mod was and that was pretty buggy. Listen to what everyone is saying, take a huge pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,221100,23136463,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,dentorium,This game is a huge SCAM.  Developers got their money and they will run with it. NEVER BUY AN EARLY ACCESS GAME.
,Not Recommended,221100,23203552,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DaLILbussi,"Will escape from Tarkov kill DayZ?It doesn't matter, this game killed itself years ago."
,Not Recommended,221100,22701680,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Seapunks,it should be ♥♥♥♥ing illegal for this game to still be released in this state after so many years
,Not Recommended,221100,22361182,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Doozey,I would rather spend my money on recieving aids then play this piece of... yah you know!
76561198038079262,Not Recommended,221100,22706827,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,TehWaffleTime™,♥♥♥♥this game it
76561198128227883,Not Recommended,221100,24071433,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Salty,"The worst early access game of all time. This game has pioneered and showed companys how to make massive amounts of money with slapping on the ""Early Access title"" to a BROKEN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥game with absolutely no development and no substantial updates or optimizations. Please help by posting negative reviews for this awful excuse for a game, why is this game still ""Mostly Positive""on steam?? Ask yourself how many ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early access zombie games have come from Dayz Standalone because companys want to cash in. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, (goes on sale for $5 after they raised the price to $35 instead of $30) for ♥♥♥♥s sake stay away dont help or contribute to this early access trash, it has been 3 years and this game is still in ALPHA STATE."
76561198057800905,Not Recommended,221100,31101281,Posted: 12 April,all,Work in Progress,"Okay, to start off I'd like to say that I'm a huge fan of survival apocalyptic genre. I always loved DayZ, I admired the game for what it was even when I didn't have a good enough computer to run it, I simply watched videos. When I got a better PC and finally bought the game I was.. disappointed. However I got used to the bugs and low framerate and everything as the time went by. I lost faith in the devs. The update frequency is so bad I don't think i'll ever get to play this game when it's finished. I don't know if I'll want to.Terrible update frequency, it feels like the devs don't care a single bit about this game. Seeing how other games of similar or even better quality come out and how little time it takes in comparison with DayZ is awful.I honestly don't think this game is worth buying. By the time it will get released no one will want to play it or a better game of the genre will take over.Don't waste your money like I did.Thanks"
,Not Recommended,221100,24449668,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Twister,"What others said.  Got this game years ago, with expectations that within the next three years it would have the ugly bugs resolved and cleaner gameplay and maybe be out of Alpha.  Nope."
76561198096401871,Not Recommended,221100,16479810,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CDC Spender,"DayZ Standalone represents, as a game and in its development process, the most flagrant abuse of Steam's Early Access program. It is an indictment of the ""give us your money now and we'll fix it later"" attitude endemic in the industry. Yes, I know it was an alpha but looking at the big picture, it's clear DayZ Standalone was and continues to be more of a money grab than its Early Access peers e.g. Unturned and Killing Floor 2. The big difference is that these latter two actually deliver on their basic gameplay premise whereas DayZ continues to fail to do so.Terrible melee hitboxes and garbage like zombies consistently glitching through walls was acceptable in DayZ Mod but is complately unacceptable in a game explicitly developed to remedy the Mod's deficiencies. A few hours into the game I knew I wanted to return it based on seeing the same awful pathfinding, teleporting, and glitchy hitboxes from the mod. Building from scratch had accomplished very little. They've had over a year to address these basic gameplay issues but surprise, surprise, they're still here.Unexpectedly long development times aren't new in the gaming industry but for the developer to abandon the project after a phenomenally successful round of funding is irresponsible.It's been over a year but now that Valve does refunds, I've requested one. At no time during that period when the developer was busy not fixing the core gameplay and instead adding pistol grips and mad cow disease did I believe that the finished game was going to released in a reasonable time.Yesterday was E3 and the former developer is apparently working on new games. Hopefully Lord GabeN bans him from (ab)using the Early Access system since he has a proven track record of failing to keep his promises.DayZ Standalone is destined to follow the same over-hyped and severely delayed path to mediocrity Duke Nukem Forever did. To the Duke's credit, at least his game didn't bilk you for thirty bucks for the privilege of pre-alpha testing during those years.NOT RECOMMENDEDDayZ Mod, Arma III, H1Z1, even Unturned are better alternatives."
76561198049073959,Not Recommended,221100,16577319,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Purple Squish,"You are better off playing the mod for ARMA II or Bad Rats honestly. This game is so unfinished and hardly even playable with all the glitches. Poorly optimized, not even fun with all the glitches, not even close to being finished.- 0/10 I'd rather play Bad Rats"
,Not Recommended,221100,17221634,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Kill all infidels,Wow the steam refund works!
,Not Recommended,221100,22380712,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,pawel,My AKM disappeared while eating a tuna can :/
76561198240900690,Not Recommended,221100,18883148,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Fb||Infinite Gaming,THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,221100,12214645,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Human Bean,"You either die and respawn a hero, or die so many times you see yourself become a bandit"
76561198057475837,Not Recommended,221100,13183054,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Yungsand,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!Filled with bugs, constant lag, stuttering,  timeouts, zombies walking through walls, no loot spawns at points. They take forever to fix a simple problem, They keep adding new features to the game that is already broken, therefore making it worse. They took almost a year just to add one vehicle that is filled with bugs.SAVE SOME MONEY AND DON'T BUY THIS ABOMINATION, Go buy arma 2 combined operations and play the modded DayZ that is much better and has a much bigger variety of features and has almost no bugs compared to this piece of Sh*t."
,Not Recommended,221100,23159837,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Nyrakav,"A complete mess of a game. Buggy as all hell, rarely updated, mobs will walk through walls.Avoid at all costs. Go buy H1Z1."
76561198010060335,Not Recommended,221100,26168059,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,random noob,NO... just NO. Unfinished overhyped buggy cashgrab that has been abandonded with a horrible community
,Recommended,221100,13010811,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Aubrey Drake Graham,"Got shot for three can of beans luckely i survived. Only later to be handcuffed by the same three men that shot my knee.As i lay down there on the ground pondering as to whether i would survive the encounter with the bandits in Cherno.My trousers were stripped from my almost dead body, this was suddenly followed by an influx of rotten fruit being ramed down my throat. And disinfectant to wash it all down with.Seconds later the bandits were shot down by  a hero. The hero came up to me and looked me straight in the eyes, as i gazed into his. He un-handcuffed me, it felt like he was going to hug me.But then faster than a whip crack he blew my head off and stole my f*cking beans.10/10 Would definitely play again!"
,Not Recommended,221100,16187894,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Miami Mike,.... this game .... is just ... realy bad ...
,Not Recommended,221100,12805746,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Kraken,"The game has been out nearly a year, and plays like it was released last Tuesday."
,Recommended,221100,9195367,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Ad1o [x],"About game:""Welcome to DayZ world, the world which was injured from a new unknown virus, destroyed the most part of the population of the globe.  You - one of the few people that could escape from a disease, and now your task - to survive at any cost among hordes infected.  Play alone, unite in teams, do everything to survive in it god the forgotten world. ""What new in game?Well first it is independent game on the updated cursor.  In comparison with the spendthrift game is really smart.  Excellent graphics, new animations, new Loot's mass, Kraft's unique system and still huge number of interesting things.  Developers tried to approach game to reality as much as possible.  In game you are waited by full process of activity.  The main enemy in game it is far not the zombie and bandits, your main enemy - own organism.  In the post-apocalyptic world it isn't so simple to get food and water, and the whole bunch of different diseases won't allow you to relax and for a minute, after all medicines in game a big rarity.DayZ gameplayThe game gameplay not so strongly differs from fashion at first sight. The system of stock was quite strongly processed. The basis of stock is made by articles of clothing and backpacks. Separately It should be noted Kraft's system. Now there is an opportunity to create and improve subjects by means of connection of several initial. At present, in game it isn't enough weapon. Generally the cold. But periodically it is added together with patches. For firearms there is a mass of additional parts, such as a riflescope, a bayonet a knife or a small lamp. Transport in game while isn't present. Most likely it will be added closer to release of a beta which probably leaves at the end of this year. Loot's system isn't stabilized. Development of game goes at full speed, together with editing existing and arising in the course of mistakes. (This my opinion and it can not coincide with yours)."
,Recommended,221100,8782558,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Sycar,The stop sign is an octagon. 8/8.
,Not Recommended,221100,14459363,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,MoronicMaoist,"This game is some from of cyber-hell made up to♥♥♥♥♥♥you in the♥♥♥♥♥and take your cash. Why does dayz need a ♥♥♥♥ing game just go play the ♥♥♥♥ing mod and not paying this easy cash in.reasons why not to buy this game1)  The combat in this game is unacceptable and does not try to improve it self from the mod. I can be near a zombie/player fightung and it feels lose and unsmooth. this is how 1v1 combat works just""camp"" and wait for your prey. 1*10^-10 skill needed.2)  $40 (US) is overpirced. Now my ok if you want cash for your work but taking a mod and puting it in a game and puting it in ""Forever Alpha zone"". So just Get Dayz mod for arma 2 & Operation Arrowhead that adds up to $33.3)graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now look my not looking for Graphics that look like gold but if you say your better than the mod your base on. than you need to look a lest 2 times better than the mod. If your game looks like a mod and your a Triple A game, your being lazy and This is why not to buy this price of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,13194569,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Exozen,"In its current state , the dayz mod beats this game by miles , really hope they get goin soon with SA .."
76561198128210085,Recommended,221100,32690991,Posted: 23 June,all,HoldtheMAC,My favorite game in all of steam. The whole reason I got a PC. I love you DayZ.
,Not Recommended,221100,22526660,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Squib,I could probably learn how to make games and produce something more stable in the time that these guys have been unsuccessfully developing this. Would not recommend. I wish I could refund it. 0/10
,Not Recommended,221100,22727961,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Kubusta,"I know that I don't have many hours of playtime on this game, but it is mainly because this game is unplayable.When they announced the Alpha of DayZ, they got over million bucks that they could even swim in!But instead of making already existing Mod better and better as a standalone, they've just failed so hard. Years and years we have been waiting for this game. Developers don't communicate with their customers and it seems that their promises of upcoming content are not often kept.This game could have been so great. Remember, that this game was one of the starting survival games on the market. Instead of making this a must buy, well, must play, they´ve just slept in Bahamas drinking cocktails and competition came up with better games than this one.I've been trying to play this game many times, but when nothing works properly, optimization is terrible, there are like 2 buggy zombies on the server..it sux. I am very sad that I've thrown my money out of the window. Don't buy it unless it is fully released game and reviews are great. Because I doubt this game will be ever released."
,Not Recommended,221100,22623248,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,jamesB0B,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄DAYZ ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░Probably developed by DJ Khaled and a troop of chimpanzees
76561198024778559,Not Recommended,221100,25275927,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Techen84,broken mess
76561198007696384,Not Recommended,221100,24065043,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Ho Lee Schitt,"its rubbish after all these years i mean i am with dayz  from start but i can say it was just bugs after bugs but dont get me wrong we had some good actions around a chernarus,  not counting all the bugs,, But even after they get 0.60 on stable it was a ♥♥♥♥in mistake!! no vehicles persistence , no player   persistence , quick menu failed, hard to find ammo(i know its about to change but still), desync between players , laggs ,  yeah so they waited one year for a new engine to be implemented so they have slight increase of fps in cities,(still  25-30 fps in cities) and fps drops , and fockin fog everywhere if its morning or evening there is still a fog just to increase a fps for player even u dont see ♥♥♥♥♥♥ i mean they earned good amount of money to develop this game to the end but they just dont give a ♥♥♥♥ now ,, because between 0.59 and 0.60 version was like 6 months gap, i honestly dont know what they been doing but surely did not develop this game, and some  developer with small♥♥♥♥♥♥probaly hicks)  banned me from forums for expressing my opinions about  the game, i think that this game will never be finished  simple because there always be desync and that clunky gameplay, so the developers just cannot do it  , because they have big eyes and thats about it, sooo many things been presented but not implemented , i can make u a list ffs, try ban me here developer ♥♥♥♥ from dayz :DDDDD  try harder with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and dont  cheat your customers, and why dayz never was on a sale more than 15%?? its just ridiculous, there are soo many better games out there that i wanna laugh at you ♥♥♥♥in bohemia and whole management of dayz is a ♥♥♥♥in joke, smoke more weed u ♥♥♥♥in noobs with eugen , fo"
,Not Recommended,221100,24072658,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,SteppenWolf,The worst and expensive game i've bought so far...Almost 3 years and It's still on alpha phase.
,Not Recommended,221100,21681446,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,FG-James,Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,221100,23481654,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ima'-_-'kiLLa,HEY GUYS WHY NOT GO BACK TO THE OLD DAYZ? AH YOU KNOW.. THE ARMA 2 ONE? YEAH IT WAS GREAT AND STILL IS! :DD
76561198105080120,Not Recommended,221100,21937635,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,-Doobie-,still broken after all these years. creators should be flipping burgers. hire some real ones or continue to lose
76561198052571988,Not Recommended,221100,15279979,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Nazgul,"So a zombie survival game sounds like it might be fun, right? It has the potential to be.Unfortunately, it is'nt. The game is just....boring. You spend hours and hours running around places, trying to find stuff (if you're lucky), only to either die by falling off a 1m high platform, be shot by some invisable being or be knocked out in 1 punch by someone. Then repeat the running around again for hours on end. Most, if not all, my time on this game has been spent trying to find loot and there has been zero action or any enjoyable moments.I would recommend spending your money somewhere else. You'll regret it and you can't be refunded"
12313214535345432,Recommended,221100,13446827,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Shaun,"Found a new spawn fed him and gave him water, then killed him and then i ate him. why not?"
76561198136138342,Not Recommended,221100,21145192,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Azurik,BASED OF ARMA 2 RUNS WORSE THAN ARMA 3. THE PART WHERE THE CHICK KILLS HERSELF IN THE FIRST VIDEO CLIP ABOVE IS LITERALLY WHAT YOU WILL BE FEELING AS YOU MAX OUT AT 6 FRAMES PER SECOND.
,Not Recommended,221100,33778957,Posted: 24 July,all,Psych,"2000+ hours and I STILL cant stand behind this game or its developers. The devs keep pushing all their cool little tree updates and animations but you still cant even play the game without one of several things happening:1) Leaving a house and dying from a stair2) Playing a character for hours only to be killed by a cheater in a wall glitch3) Getting knocked out by a freshspawn with a ashwood stick by one hit while fully geared with a helmet4) Zombies lagging through doors/buildings5) Hackers running freely due to very little control that server admins haveThis game had so much potential but has be ruined by devs who by no dout love the game, but have lost sight of what they are doing. They have been spending so much time on making the game look good (which it does), but havent even taken the time to make sure you can play the game without interuption of major flaws, making it so you cant even enjoy its beauty. Gameplay is much more important than escetics, and when/if the devs realize this the community will already have abandoned the game."
76561198046449175,Not Recommended,221100,13953437,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,CHIEF_LRS,Dont bother playing until the game is working better way too buggy
76561197990390996,Not Recommended,221100,15161811,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,thadley,Downloaded new patch. Now game won't work.
,Not Recommended,221100,15761287,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Abu-Talal,alpha
76561198044860907,Not Recommended,221100,13988512,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Red-Hot-Hennessy,"I was happily looting until a freshy appears next to me, and punches me. I then continue to shoot him twice, but he is still able to sprint and punch at the same time. Until a game like this fixes core issues such as hackers, it will get no one. cooont"
76561198071228395,Not Recommended,221100,30910403,Posted: 2 April,all,Swiggity,Came out at the end of 2013 and yet still in early access xDWatch General sam's video if you want to see more about this♥♥♥♥♥♥gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfMMhe8A73w&list=LLIeVue5twUoEQcDzzYYrtKg&index=23&t=5s
,Not Recommended,221100,32409057,Posted: 14 June,all,QuincyK,"Early Access for more than 3 years. It is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, but you can plant tomatoes which is nice."
76561198066246779,Not Recommended,221100,21839498,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,FREE DRIZZY6 RIOT,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,221100,22023209,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,indien tekh suport,Glad I could refund this crap game
76561198094006236,Not Recommended,221100,31321537,Posted: 23 April,all,muhammad,"Worst game I've ever played. Its pracitcaly a walking simulator. When you do find someone and engauge in combat, your game will freeze up because of DayZ's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine. really bad game don't buy"
76561198005606671,Not Recommended,221100,20938907,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Abdoulaye,"So, since 2 years ago:+ Missed every roadmap they had+ Lowered assumptions for core elements like Zombie spawning+ Made optimisation worse - sometimes unplayable even on good rigs. On my rig (run very HQ Witcher 3 50+fps) during fist fights it often drops to less than 1 fps...+++ What made me write this review - devs are avoiding answering important questions and they share reviews, which I believe, are AT LEAST biased.Today I read article shared by Hicks, saying that DayZ is Super Cool now and the only bad thing is optimisation. The article was suppose to compare what DayZ was 3 years ag oand what it is now. Somehow the author concluded, that there were less zombies 3 years ago than now. I don't believe he played both 3 years ago and few days ago. Zombies are a bit smarter now, but they're more rare now.There are so many games in EA that made so much progress over last 3 years, but DayZ is definitely not one of them"
76561198068923963,Not Recommended,221100,21473377,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,AdmiralTusimo,"Down vote because it is an unfinished game thats still in development, if you wish to help the devs and enjoy a half working game then do buy this. If you do not and expect a near buggy free playthrough do not buy the game.DayZ is not a 'bad' game, however its not for the mainstream at the momment as the game desc says it is.Main reason for the down vote is because the slow time it has taken for progress (nearly 3 years now) is a shame. I understand the issues the developers have had and the fact that Dean Hall had left the production, does not excuse the final major fix of the game which now for .60 runs much better than it did before taking 3 years to be released. The game is in slow mode for now but once released into Beta I will change my review depending on the progress this year.Short story is the game isn't bad, its just slow and not for most gamers.This is not an attack as most of the unhelpful reviews for this game are, but an honest opinion."
76561198065970113,Not Recommended,221100,24817107,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Van Dyke Brown,ye no
,Not Recommended,221100,18843675,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,put that guy in a padded cell,devs need a good smack tbh
,Not Recommended,221100,24838181,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gurd be'Skunt Punis,"Please for the love of god do not buy this game. I recommend epoch and other standalones that are free, but this game rubbed me in all the wrong ways for years now.  This game has a half baked feel with a change in direction and completely abandoned by the creator.  I felt that the original mod had a functional amount of depth and ran well with hordes of zombies.  Losing touch with anything relatable to an apocolyptic world I have probably seen 3 zombies and 4 players making each experience increasingly more dull and monotonaus.0/10 would not be groped by dean rocket ever again"
76561198166043244,Not Recommended,221100,30954619,Posted: 4 April,all,greatreaper47,It's fun but not worth 35$. maybe 20$
,Not Recommended,221100,31343853,Posted: 24 April,all,Bimmis,"My friend went unconscious after not eating for 10 minutes, and I was killed by an invincible crawling zombie while saving him.UNINSTALLED"
,Not Recommended,221100,24911865,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,{(ThankYouBasedGod)} FawkesLOL,"I originally bought this game a year or two ago when it was still in alpha, at the time finding items and fighing players/zombies was difficult as very limited items ever spawned in entire cities and towns as well as fighing was not enjoyable as the combat was clunky and weapons rarely worked (using an axes while fighting an unarmed guy resulted in me hitting him multiple times but he still managed to knock me out reagrdless of how many times I hit him).  I decided to get back on and see if after a couple years the game has improved and it HAS NOT.  The comabt is still clunky, the items rarely spawn, it should be called shirt finder simulator as that is the only thing you can get.  This game will always be in alpha it seems as it is a good exuse for the developers to continue collecting money for a game that literally won't change.  If they do manage to push it past alpha I can guarantee it won't be out until the year 2050.Would NOT reccomend this game to anyone at the moment."
,Not Recommended,221100,25870165,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Pepyr,"I used to love this game and had the my best moments in any game on Dayz, but i would never recommend any of you buying it. Tbh it's just a big disappointment. It's 2 months away from being in early access alpha for 3 years. It feels like there is only 1 decent update every 2 months.Buy the game if you like running around for 2 hours doing nothing.(Edit) Dayz Standalone will soon come to beta after nearly 3 and a half years of early access with a 126 million budget. The game still doesnt have the features the community has wanted for those years. The game is still a disappointment but maybe the beta will change my opinion on this game."
76561198012449262,Not Recommended,221100,24817512,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Octalbee,boring game at moment
76561197960948842,Not Recommended,221100,30982632,Posted: 6 April,all,Kurune,Still waiting on everything.
76561198147635272,Not Recommended,221100,24803572,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TraumaFoxtr0t,So much potential....  but such a let down
,Not Recommended,221100,21012604,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Pootie McTootie,I would rather defecate logs of pure corn than buy this again
,Not Recommended,221100,13193074,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,FuriousD,"It has come along way since I first started playing. It still has a long way to go until it's completley finished.There is frequent updates and it gets better each time. I've watched many other Alphas in the time since this one was released and it's very clear that the devs actually have a plan for updating and are enacting it quite well. I am impressed with how this game has grown.If you want a smooth finished game, this is not it.If you like to ignore the warnings of many others about this game and ♥♥♥♥♥ and moan about how it's not finished and ""you deserve more game for the price"" then go play COD and yell at your mum to buy more Mountain Dew.If you want to be part of the development and provide constructive feedback then this could be for you.I'm not recommending it because I don't want to encourage any more twelvies with no idea to jump on board, there is enough.IMO it really is a worthwhile play though."
,Not Recommended,221100,18355159,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,DarthWiener Gamdom.com,Absolutely no point to this game. Run around scavenging.....ALWAYS looking for food (tediously) and water. Absolutely brutal game controls and now they have taken the zombies out of the game. I'm pretty sure this is the worst zombie survival game I gave ever played. The only thing that worked well in this game was the uninstall button
76561197996712813,Not Recommended,221100,17522038,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Deal with it,"Long Story short:THIS GAME IS A SCAM. Bohemia sold more then 3 million units of the game and couldn't fix major bugs and gameplay problems for in 1,5 years, neither they seem really interested in doing so. After making over 100 million dollar !!!!! there's no excuse for a game like this. The devs should be sued."
,Not Recommended,221100,30894053,Posted: 1 April,all,h00rse,refunded
,Recommended,221100,11616518,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,My Name Jess,Dean Hall be rolling in that early access moneys ( ͡° ᴥ ͡°)
,Not Recommended,221100,29925457,Posted: 14 February,all,Embro,"It's been a while since I played DayZ, now it's worse that it was before. after a whole year of me not playing this game and it's still a beta."
,Recommended,221100,8770062,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wizard,3 armed men forced me to take off my pants at the coast of chernarus then they shot my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would buy again﻿
76561198125564082,Recommended,221100,9585351,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,GeeFamous92,"This game is wonderful, about the only game that gets my heart racing everytime I'm in a gun fight. If you dont have this game yet what are you waiting on? Yes some bugs in the game but over look it for the wonderful gameplay of getting KOS :) and running for 30 min just to get to a town. Buy the game you will love it!!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,33392027,Posted: 8 July,all,Hoetaku,"The main problem isn't the long development time, it's the lack of focus and content bloat. Instead of focusing on making vehicles a working and enjoyable feature, they instead decide to work on farming, fishing, and the other inane unfun ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t parts of the game.As for the state of the game right now, it's pretty bad. As of 0.62, the loot has been broken and shows no sign of being fixed at all. The game forces you to stare at a tree and press f until you find apples. If you look at all other competing survival horror games, there's ways to gain food quickly and effectively, in a rewarding manner. Rather, this game expects you to pour time into something extremely boring and lazily designed in order to fulfill the same goal. Maybe by the time the game is released it will be in a much better state, but with the direction they have been headed lately, it's been killing my optimism for this game. Combat is still fun, if you can ever manage to get into it. The problem is accessing the end game content at all. All of the good stuff is already looted, and with no way to know when♥♥♥♥♥♥properly respawns, you're finding the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guns and items in places that are supposed to have high end loot. If you're risking your life going into a big military base, you would expect it to come with some reward, right? No. The only good place to find loot is by killing other players."
,Not Recommended,221100,32496889,Posted: 17 June,all,PHG2,"I bought this expecting at least something from it, but when you have a game (even if it is still in alpha stages) with such a big map that in 2 hours of playing on a highly populated server the most useful thing you find is an axe, about 5 zombies, not a single player and end up starving, thirsty and dying of dysentry from eating worms in sheer desperation, there was not a single minute of this game that i played that I can say was fun. Thank GOD I got a refund."
,Not Recommended,221100,32052618,Posted: 29 May,all,manyu,"I have played DayZ for many hours and learned not to expect much for its future. Although I expect nothing, I am still left disappointed. I stopped playing because the game became stale for me and no longer appealing to play. The overall development for the game progressed much too slowly and I can only be so patient. The best thing DayZ gave to me were the friends I made and the time spent playing with them. DayZ can be fun if you look for it but you really have to look for it. I don't regret buying DayZ, but I wouldn't recommend it anymore."
76561198055778337,Not Recommended,221100,31214536,Posted: 18 April,all,Russ,"Sometimes I dream of having my $30 in my wallet, sometimes they're nightmares of playing this piece of trash."
76561198126274458,Not Recommended,221100,21936300,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Funny Bunny,"So many years of development, so little s#!t added every 2 months.Just think about this for a moment. This is based on the current speed of the development. The game just got to 0.60.  v1 will be the first > stable < version of the game. There are 40 more updates to be pushed out tilll it finally gets to that ""holy"" v1.  That represents another at least 50 months of development, meaning 40 more updates that will bring just 2,3 new animations and some ""performance improvements"" that basically consists of a 10 square feet of space on the map, that doesn't have the same amount of insane lag as before (4, 5 more fps).This is absolutely pathetic, but I'm pretty sure the devs already know that people figured out that they're just streching this 'hippopotamus manure of a development' to just have more people buy the game. Even the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers can 'develop' more  with every update, so they're obviously stretching it.This is hands down, the worst thing I've ever spent my money on.I really hope they keep their word and move from ""Early acces"" this year.Shame on you ""Bohemia Non-Interactive"" !!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,22038683,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Porter,I don't like it.
,Not Recommended,221100,23101980,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,what the fuck,"I frequently forget that this game exists, and it seems every time I'm reminded, nothing has changed since the last time i looked.buy this game if you're stupid."
,Not Recommended,221100,22611909,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Roger Mortis,"The best game you will never be able to play.Don't give them any of your money, it's not going to end well for you."
,Not Recommended,221100,21317293,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,-pbr- Streetgang,"Thanks to DayZ, I won't ever pre-pay a game in development.  I know the devs were up front about it, but you'd expect a finish game 3 years later.Horrendous."
76561198109462771,Not Recommended,221100,21914269,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,"Chin, Bruce Lee's relative","I've never played a game more fundamentally broken than this, it's worse than Big Rigs over the road.*killed by zombie through the wall in a different building*"
,Not Recommended,221100,20740602,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,PURE P.K,waste of money dont buy unless u have all the free time in the world
,Not Recommended,221100,22231260,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,autistic chief,the mod was way better
76561198089421410,Not Recommended,221100,22594008,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,QuackGoesDuck,"After hoping, praying and waiting for a good, playable, fun survival game I can safely say that DayZ is not any of those listed. It has barely changed since the release, only with new items being added and bugs being left unfixed. Zombies have also seen a massive reduction in numbers, so the experience of stealthing around them has disappeared, I can simply run through towns happily and find the odd player every 5 hours. Honestly, I would not buy the game if I was you."
,Not Recommended,221100,24069771,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mexican Member,"Okay this game is alright. But the devs definition of optimize is make is so you can only see 30 feet in all directions.The fog is terrible.The Rain is terrible.*Eats 10 apples* ""My stomach grumbles"""
,Not Recommended,221100,29025636,Posted: 4 January,all,Yolo Swaggins,"Great concept,♥♥♥♥♥♥devs,♥♥♥♥♥♥execution. I can only speculate as to how they could mess this up so badly for so long despite so many sales."
76561197997426986,Not Recommended,221100,25734592,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,CecilSexingtonEsquire,"Instead of giving the developers of this game $30, donate that money to charity, or do something nice for someone... better still go buy a $30 butternut ♥♥♥♥en pumpkin and insert it in your♥♥♥♥♥♥. you'll feel better than you would playing this poor excuse of a game #WillNeverLeaveAlpha"
76561198027059077,Not Recommended,221100,25451349,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Prudovski,It's been an Alpha for like 3 years or so... It says a lot about de game.
76561198044136731,Not Recommended,221100,26052524,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Virgin that gets mad ez,"Still the same terrible game it was 2 years ago. Don't worry though, its early alpha."
76561198065855848,Not Recommended,221100,25437956,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,That guy,they spent more time on screenshots and trailers than on bug fixes
,Not Recommended,221100,18165616,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,MISFITSWITCH,"3 Years of testing and still nothing works. You fall off a 1' ledge and die. You try and go down a ladder and die. LIke others have said. In this game all you do is  RUN RUN RUN RUN RUN for hours. There is nothing to do or even look at. Other players? I join full servers all the time. I never see anyone If you do there is a good chance they are going to try and kill you. Did I forget to tell you all you do is RUN.  Early Access? WTF have you been doing for 3 years? Every update they fix small things and break more then they fix. Does it have controller support? Yes, Does it work NO! This game is just a glitchy as arma. You would think they would have updated the game to use newer code by now. They said it is coming but the game runs on 5-6 year old code."
,Not Recommended,221100,16477397,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Charlie Kelly,Garbage
,Not Recommended,221100,17406506,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Cop Killer,"I ran for hours with no one in sight, then suddenly a voice:""Take off your pants.""It was monotone, passionless. I did what he asked.""Now turn around.""I turned to face him. It was a man in motorcycle helmet with a green jacket, in his arms he held an axe. I began to speak but he cut me off.""Get on the ground....Now make moaning noises.""I started to moan. He began to do same, but with pleasure.We came together. It was beautiful. Then I came home and played DayZ and it wasn't very good."
,Not Recommended,221100,18134258,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Rosssyyy,"Awful, H1Z1 is worth your money, not this crap, it's anoying that i cant get my money back"
,Not Recommended,221100,18197509,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Nationkid05,Sooo.......Whens the game being released?31/10/2016: Sooo.......Whens the game being released?
,Not Recommended,221100,18198292,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,E2R | FR33_WILLZO,"These people ban random players dont buy WORST GAME EVER,"
,Not Recommended,221100,20685035,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,crustyonions,"Never gets updated anymore, devs essentially abandoned it. took my money, gave me a poorly optimized game and ran."
,Not Recommended,221100,20799624,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Xanum,Haven changed in any aspect and it will not for a long time.
,Not Recommended,221100,21953912,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,supreme1337x,complete scam
76561198048121439,Not Recommended,221100,22334235,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,secretmx,"Had faith in the developers at first, they failed to deliver. Got this game in the start of alpha its been atleast 3-4 years and its barely changed. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!! Im sure there are tons of other games similar that are better. Maybe this game will become amazing one day but it will definetly not be soon. TLDR - slow development of game, buy something else.edit: 3/3/2017 As Neegan said once ""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; it is 2017 the game has had like 5 small updates since i wrote this review. It will probably never be finished. See you in 2020!"
,Not Recommended,221100,22033947,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Codyxephos,trash
,Not Recommended,221100,22029389,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Pooped Up Kacks,Aww yuckNothing very good yet
76561198006728826,Not Recommended,221100,18246230,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Vulcan,"Release Date - 16 Dec, 2013           - Alpha BeginsUpdate - 16 Dec, 2014                     - Still in AlphaUpdate - 9th September. 2015           - Still in AlphaPredicted update - 16 Dec, 2016        - Still in AlphaUpdate - 19 December, 2016              - Still in AlphaPredicted update - 16 December 2017 - Still in Alpha"
76561198022901382,Not Recommended,221100,18302071,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dr. Deceiver,This is one of the most aggrivating and broken games I have ever played. You know its a broken game when half the community hacks and kills you while flying in the air and through buildings all while invisible. FIX THIS ♥♥♥♥ING BROKEN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,18590939,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,The Ice Cream Man,"I bought this one and a half years ago, i played it, i thought i'd let it rest for some time, mature a bit, grow some more.I came back to this around september, tried to have fun with it, tried it with friends, tried it alone, tried an ingame lifestyle that was stationary, tried a lifestyle that was mobile.I tried, i truly tried, and i once even had fun, when i met another survivor, while having a buggy chemlight disco in Berezino, we had a campfire in the police station, ate human meat, i went unconscious, he promised to kill me if i was turning into a zombie. He killed me, he took most of my stuff and left, never to be seen by me again.It was a good adventure, but...That was the only good adventure. That was the only adventure even.Running around, hopefully picking up gear, assuming you find gear AND its not buggy and you can actually pick it up...For what purpose?I could sit stationary, eat my 4 bags of rice over time, drink from my pot/canteen, but why? If i wanted to play Rock simulator, i'd do so.I could run around, looking for guns and ammo, but why? The only thing to shoot at, is other players. The only real threat i have, is other players, Thats called  a deathmatch, and when i want to play something that is an intensive, action packed shooter, I want it to run god damn good and look at least decent.  I'd play something like whatever, which actually runs good, looks decent, and has constant action and tension.I could enjoy the sandbox element, finding my own way in a town, dealing with or hiding from threats, run around a quite large map, trying to find a vehicle, trying to create my own objectives, to find a vehicle, to fix it, but there are so many great games that have a better sandbox element to them, that even lets me figure out my own objectives and really, whatever i please.Player interaction? What player interaction? Generally its a shoot on sight situation, where one or more people die.There are possibilities for thievery, holdups, but if a player, for example has a gun, what i wish to steal, he will probably use it, before he gives it away, and say absolutely nothing in the process. There is no player interaction.Zombies? PvE? There are no zombies and the only environmental dangers are hunger, thirst, getting cold and literally tons of bugs. Hunger, thirst and getting cold are easily resolvable, nothing to it, but thats it, there's no challenge to it.There is absolutely nothing in the ""game"" to do, except run around and shoot other players.This is why i have taken it upon myself, to run to a military base, run back to the coast, find ANY freshspawnand just kill him...nothing else,just kill.To make them rage, to make them urk, to make them angry about the gamerbase of DayZ, to make them not wanting to play the game, if they didnt already.I WILL SINGLEHANDEDLY BOICOTT THIS GAME, BY BEING A BANDIT, WHO DOESNT INTERACT, DOESNT EVEN CARE ABOUT HIS KILL, his name, is he still alive, what was his story.Nothing...Absolutely nothing...I will camp anywhere, I will shoot at any player!But...I could just go and play any flash skeet shooting game, atleast they run fine and the animations are not broken. Because being a bandit is just too tiresome, thats not the person who I am, its not what i want to spend my time doing.This game has lost all of its purpose, there is nothing to do, thats worthwile and meaningful.Features worth doing, when i got the game:*PvE - Killing zombies, how ever buggy and awful it was, atleast it was something*PvP*Running for hours at a time*Finding♥♥♥♥♥♥gear*Being able to fix said gear, so it at least looks nice*Eating and drinking*Ripping a shirt into rags by hand, like a normal human being*Being stealthy for your own good*LaggingFeatures barely worth doing, when i last played*PvP*Running for hours at a time*Eating and drinking*Finding♥♥♥♥♥♥gear*Lagging♥♥♥♥ing 18 Months i've waited for :*Graphical improvement*a new engine and FPS improvement*proper zombies and actual hordes of them*base building*vehicles*large servers*a reason to go to a ""hotspot""*a reason to meet people, to maybe team up with themInstead I've seen:*a different colour bag*a different colour shirt*a different colour .........-ferent colout pants*a new pair of pants*a new pair of shoes*a new .........-new bandana*new guns that are impossible to find*A car*A visual variation of said carI think you can see where im going with this, Nothing actually useful.I Bet i put more into this ""review"" than the devs put into making this game good,No, I ♥♥♥♥ING KNOW I PUT MORE INTO THIS ♥♥♥♥ING REVIEW, THAN THE DEVS HAVE EFFOR TO FIX THE GAMEThere's no point on putting a vase on a broken table, yet the devs insist we need more vases, instead of a functional table.Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing awful, seeing as ArmA 3 Epoch is actually functional already, has zombies AND AI, to defend yourself against, functional vehicles, base building, decent loot, decent gameplay, ♥♥♥♥ing Assault events and whatnot. A lack of animation at some points, but thats absolutely fine, its not a game breaker, considering its a free mod AND has been less in dev than DayZ.Flagged the ""Zombies"" tag and added ""No Zombies"" tag to the game, im only being honest.Absolutely Hopeless"
,Not Recommended,221100,14476241,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,IndiJosh,Sorry... I don't like it. I will never buy an early access game again. I'm sick of spending money on a demo. Release the game for free in the early stages if you want feedback. Don't milk your customers and get lazy.
76561197971249553,Recommended,221100,13577694,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,KartoonNinja,"Everytime I play, whether Lone-Wolf or with a Crew, It's always a unique game experiance"
,Not Recommended,221100,15015723,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,OptimusChest,10/10 I want my money back.Ps ♥♥♥♥ you
76561198061411805,Not Recommended,221100,23014070,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Yung Free,why the ♥♥♥♥ is this game still in alpha!?
,Not Recommended,221100,21037504,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,succcc,"Will never reach beta, 1.0 or any other step of development. This game is broken."
76561198119527358,Recommended,221100,13008024,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Cooper,Spawned in. Geared with friends. Found bambi's. Made them our slaves. Sold some. Freedom fighter comes. Kills us. 10/10 would slave trade again.
,Recommended,221100,9082718,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Snafu,"We were seated outside Elektro. Thirteen of us to be precise, out of eighty people on the server.The Hobbit audiobook was getting played by someone who was sitting on top of the school. It was a pleasant day.Untill some black female with an orange hard hat ran to us and started axing everyone. Nobody knew who to hit anymore and we were running around like headless chickens hitting eachother while listening to the calm old voice of a man reading The Hobbit. Everyone died in the end but not the person playing the audiobook.10/10 would experience again."
,Recommended,221100,8437600,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kimar,"In this game, the zombies are having a human apocalypse."
76561198029298057,Not Recommended,221100,15216212,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,thefallout15,"Well I Dont know if the people who read this would care but either way its going up! I played this game since the mod and I can say this , This game is alot of fun and the idea of it is great!. However the biggest problem in this game is the bugs , Yes I know this game is in early release but if that is the case! They should focus more on the bugs then adding more stuff to the game that  causes more problems. Also for all the peopole who say whatever to this comment or even think I am wrong , Think about it! Simple facts like.1. Dieing from a 3 feet fall2. Zombies who fight like a boxer3. Zombies who can walk through walls4. Items being stuck in walls or easily break5. Able to die when logging out or even loggin inPoint of the matter is stop making more and start fixing what you have! No point to make a good game and not care."
,Not Recommended,221100,30074260,Posted: 20 February,all,Minibike,How does it feel 99.99% of your community hates you. This game is amazing. IF you take away the fact there is no loot. Nothing works when you need it to and all the devs are a bunch of down-syndrome monkey's humping a football. Grats guys. You have achieved nothing. This game should be tagged as a suicide simulator.
76561198009549243,Not Recommended,221100,30110394,Posted: 22 February,all,kpk,Wow... just Wow... I originally played the DAYZ Mod for A II then picked this up years ago once it released.  Backe then it didn't even have zombies in it yet.  I just tried to play it again years later and noticed.1. still in beta2. i clipped all over the place getting stuck in walls etc.3. the game had gotten worse since i first played ithow is this possible.  I am not gonna put time into a game where i can clip into a wall ... get stuck .. then eaten by zomies and have to start all over... booooo!
76561198065907838,Not Recommended,221100,30170591,Posted: 25 February,all,The Woat and a Soggy Kazoo,"Where do i start with this lovely♥♥♥♥♥♥of a game. Oh i know, how bout the fact i run for 45 mins ""Trying"" to gear up but instead every building i walk into is either zombie filled and no loot or if i find loot i get gang banged like mia khalifa and 15♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but with zombies. If you want a game that tells you not to hate it cause its in ALPHA (4 years ALPHA strong) Then this game is just for you. Its the top Hiking and suicide simulator man has to offer. No one likes normal shooters or looters right? The mod wasnt enough? Need more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in your life to give more reason to kill yourself with? Hit this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ up for all of the useless needs you were born to have in life. Cause you know i sure as hell did."
,Not Recommended,221100,30172910,Posted: 25 February,all,P4d,"Biggest let down in the history of gaming.DayZ mod was an truly ground breaking game, which basically kick started the huge surge in survival based games. It was a modification of the hugely succesful military simulation game, ArmA 2. This enabled mod developers to use the vast arma map, and script all of the cool features that made DayZ mod great.This platform was also its biggest downfall. Hackers took advantage of the unrestricted nature of the engine, the clunky interface of arma created headaches, and the constant leg breaking and gear loss caused people to beg for a standalone version of this game, where all of these back doors were patched, all of the bugs ironed out and more in depth methods of repairing vehicles etc could be implemented.The gaming gods listened, and a standalone version was announced.Fast forward 4 years -The game is nothing like the mod. It has drifted so far away from what made the mod great, that is barely recognisable anymore. And in my opinion, not in a good way. No vehicles, more bugs, huge problems with lag, very few zombies, even fewer weapons and very little to work towards  (e.g. repairing a helicopter or car, and being paranoid when you left it overnight).Basically, everything that made the mod great in my eyes, has been replaced by a different game, a buggier, less exciting, less engaging, less fear filled game, which I am sad to say, is terrible to play.I prayed for this game to be good, I even convinced myself that it was, but when you look at what it could and should have been, its completely lost its way. It has been drowned out in the waves of hats, gloves and jackets in game, that seem to have replaced the fear, paranoia, and excitement that used to fill this game. Maybe Rocket knew it, and thats why he bailed. The guy who created the single best game I have ever played, seems to be also responsible for killing it."
76561198099635868,Not Recommended,221100,21846772,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,B-Rain,Game is still the same♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it was 2 years ago.
76561198023130923,Not Recommended,221100,22925611,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Vonknauss72,"Scam! Early access for three years without significant improvement to the core stuff in the game.. ""It's a zombie survival game, let's add some more nonsense and downprioritize the zombies and the engine of the game"" WHY do I keep coming back to this and expect any improvement!!??.. Well no more!.. Over and out"
,Not Recommended,221100,23248592,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Vathris,"I'm a massive DayZ fan, but this is just as broken, if not more so than its release.... Nice and vocal dev team, keep the community in the know, but obviously have no clue what they are doing.Like their little arma2.5 engine..... wt actual f guys?If you are going to Purchase this, prepare to die running past a tree, or up a hill or down some stairs, you will waste hours of your life getting gear just for glitches to kill you.Wait for release, dont get bitten by this second rate Zombie title.Peace"
76561198079483859,Not Recommended,221100,22639125,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Gay N!gger,A game so un-optimized a black man with a T.V. could run faster than this.
,Not Recommended,221100,22154529,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Maskeno,"I used to defend this game hardcore. I was in the ""it's early access, what did you expect"" basket. I've owned this game since near release now and what I can tell you is, save your money. If they ever finish it, it still probably won't ever be what we all expected. It's now a dated game, running on dated software and is still years away from completion. A good indicator would probably be when the original lead dev quit saying it was flawed from the ground up.Sure, they give you the disclaimer, but the reality is, they shouldn't even offer the product for sale. You're buying a product with the expectation it'll live up to it's promises, and in my experience, early access games almost never do. Frankly I hope they stop the program entirely (early access.)"
76561198040700698,Not Recommended,221100,22692997,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Rust,"Such a ♥♥♥♥ing cancerous game, absolutely no ♥♥♥♥ing progress since I first bought it, Dean Hall is a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥aswell. Bigged up the game, took everyones money added his own model into the game and then ♥♥♥♥ed off on a bunch of skiing holidays - what a troll. I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ these nerd♥♥♥♥♥♥developers are doing but I suggest they stop adding different colour variations to the ♥♥♥♥ing tracksuits and start making the game actually ♥♥♥♥ing playable. Useless♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,22922460,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[USMC]Malikav,"-3+ years early access-Tons of bugs-Devs are like the uninvolved parents that don't care what their kid (DayZ) does, so he turns into a little♥♥♥♥♥♥that no one likes after years of lack of interest and bad parenting10/10-IGN"
,Not Recommended,221100,23913893,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,The Hamburglar,Piece of crap. They even have the adacity to no lower the cost even tho the gam has been in alpha for 3 years.
,Not Recommended,221100,25198673,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ricky Tikki Tavi,tfw they take the money and run
76561198066581797,Not Recommended,221100,22227658,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,videokill_ooo,A zombie game where zombies aren't around to do zombie stuff in a game about zombies.﻿
,Not Recommended,221100,22922811,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,CKillem,"I started playing it when I was 17 years old, now I'm 90 and it's still in Alpha.Best developers everTo make it even ♥♥♥♥♥ier, if you ever write your (negative) opinion about this game on the forums, you get banned.  Like living in a dictatorship, it's ok if you praise it, you get censored if you don't."
76561197990826641,Not Recommended,221100,29036418,Posted: 5 January,all,MJ711,This game is broken as hell...How long is this game still in the development ?
76561198059412798,Not Recommended,221100,20631157,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Rybosome,EARLY ACCESS REVIEW░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Dayz▄░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░THIS^^^
76561198112368773,Not Recommended,221100,22577745,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Strawberry Bobby,"take your time, its not like i want it to be ready or anything.."
76561198083592407,Not Recommended,221100,25184673,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Chim,"Shame really. I loved this game, thinking it would get better... But it really hasn't. Still full of hackers about 2 months after any update. You drop things on the ground and they disappear. like many others have experienced, running out of doors and down stairs is likely to be your demise. absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Sounds are awful. Developers always over promise and under deliver. save your £22.99. Dont give these guys any more money for♥♥♥♥♥♥ I dont care about the early access alpha excuse. I dont care if they have a small dev team. They could have got people to volounteer working on this game (I would have) if there is a budget constraint. Whatever the reasons for the outragously slow development, I dont care. Save your money or buy a game that is not in early alpha.Pros:The people you play with,excellent if you like running games/ simulatorsCons:too much walking/ running,Awful vehicles,Poor sounds,poor optimization in large towns still,slow development,hackers,drop things and they disappear,running over a stone will kill you or break your legs,running out of a door will kill you or break your legs,running down stairs will kill you or break your legs,This game will make you realise how much you actually hate other people."
,Not Recommended,221100,30824074,Posted: 29 March,all,-TanK,What a joke. Dean hall should feel ashamed of himself.
,Not Recommended,221100,23992797,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,^l†ar,Awful. Truly awful.
76561197960322751,Not Recommended,221100,23921092,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,shY,2 Years later ..... still no progress worth of calling it progress.....A Bunch of Teenage modders would add more content in like a week compared to this in 3 Years
,Not Recommended,221100,25824121,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,okofire,DayZ is the worst game of this genre that i have ever playedNot only the loot is at the bare minimum and to find something you have to walk hours searching house from house or to be super lucky.Its buggy mess where for example when you jump from 5 cm higher you will get stuck unable to move for like 3 seconds. Thats one of many bugs that are still present in the game. Developers are making no progress at all and this game has been in Alpha stage for years!Honestly i had much more fun playing WarZ than this game. Unfortunately WarZ would be great game if it wasnt infested with cheaters.For the price this game is listed at it isnt worth it. Not only you get 0 fun and enjoyment from it. But also you get stressed and angry. So dont waste your time and money in this game. It really isnt worth it.
,Not Recommended,221100,25307361,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Newikovfefe,"Developers are removing reviews they don't like.Basically you have a forever-early-access title, which's official version is far behind all other unofficial (mod-)versions. The developer doesn't care for this game at all, just read the patch notes (also read the old ones). Bug fixes or new content are unknown to this developer."
76561198065277182,Not Recommended,221100,32181886,Posted: 4 June,all,Mr World,"i bought DAYZ ages ago to support it. now it feels like it is just treading water, and not even trying to become finished. and im done with it."
76561198089559123,Not Recommended,221100,33315806,Posted: 6 July,all,SunkenMonster,Bought the game. Went through puberty. Game still not close to being finished. I want my money back.
,Not Recommended,221100,18944524,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Fluidic,Bought the game over a year ago... Development has actually went backwards... Updates are superficial and almost insulting to the playerbase.1/10 - DO NOT BUY
76561197971097724,Not Recommended,221100,22245033,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Boomstick,"At this time i am only writing a review of the current state of the game.  Remember, lots of changes are said to be coming so don't take my review as a final opinion of the game.I can't recommend the game at this time cause it just simply isn't fun at all to play due to all the legacy tech that it is currently running.  It still is the super clunky, buggy, unoptimised mess that it always has been since its first release in dec 2013.  Its currently going though some huge changes with the engine but all we have for the moment is endless WIP updates but nothing playable to the public at this time.My recommendation would be to wait for the mythic .60 update, which hasn't even hit experimental yet, and then see what everyone says about it.  If its positive and people are happy with the direction its going, then i would maybe give DayZ a go.I just don't think it would be a fair call to recommend the game right now cause its just honestly not alot of fun to play and the endless status reports we keep getting about WIP features starts to get a little long in the tooth and can be, unfortunately, offputting after awhile.  Just wait a little longer to see when some of these WIP features are implemented to see if its worth playing again.  Remember,  DayZ has long way to go yet before its even in beta so don't take what they said in the store front page for granted cause their goal of exiting alpha in mid 2016 i think is way way way off.  Thanks"
76561198147964745,Not Recommended,221100,22369597,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,c_sautter83,"Got no-clipped and killed by someone who ran through a wall the first time I found a backpack. Spawned back in, got chased by a zombie for almost 10 minutes and died. Still in early access for over 2 years now. WTF"
,Not Recommended,221100,22370352,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Squishe,One of the reasons early access should not exist
,Not Recommended,221100,18663019,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Sweaty,"Should be called Day.Cause there's no Zombies in itEDIT: Zombies have been found. Its a decent game now, but I'd rather play the mod"
76561197995397423,Not Recommended,221100,34900561,Posted: 12 September,all,Mute,"Loved the mod and gave this so much time to get it right, but no!Almost 4 years later and still in early access and feels clunky and uninteresting.I love the genre and hoped it would bring something new...But this game is dead, it's been on life support for too long.Even Rocket (creator) gave up on it long ago.And yet the Arma2 mod is still going strong."
,Not Recommended,221100,35022932,Posted: 17 September,all,SquirrelsGoPeep,"This is the game that has made me say ""I will never buy an early access game ever again"".Congratulations devs, you made yourselves rich by swindling an entire gaming community.  Ruining it for so many other developers who treat early access the right way.Please do not buy this game.  Don't waste your own hard earned money.  Don't encourage this kind of behaviour.  These people should be ashamed of themselves."
76561198062277983,Not Recommended,221100,19588841,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MasterOfPuppene,"It was okay, but it wasn't as good as Garfield 2: A Tail of Two Kitties."
,Not Recommended,221100,31043230,Posted: 9 April,all,Cytotoxic,Game has made almost no progress since 2012
,Not Recommended,221100,14160828,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,☢ VєҜяуχ ☢ ™,Walkingsim 2015 didnt do it for me.. Too slow developing.
,Recommended,221100,28480436,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,5Andysalive,"Wake up, Devs, you're game's on fire!You've almost killed it. Not with SLOW progress but with the WRONG one!I can't possibly downvote it, given the time i played this game. But i'm very tempted to, believe me!NOT for reasons others have. NOT for the very slow progresss. Many reviews cover this.As a former big fan of the multiplayer part I wanna talk about GAMEPLAY..Back when Dayz Standalone was popular, it was so because of OTHER PLAYERS! Full stop.The main focus of the game was the frequent meeting of other players.Be it for cooperation, be it for Roleplay, friendly or hostile or be it for plain PVP. It suited different Multiplayer AND singleplayer playstylesThat was the very core, the very reason for most players to buy and play DayZ DESPITE it's MASSIVE problems. That was, what made it so popular in the first place.Dayz offered all that AND more.AND it offered also(!!) to go alone into the woods and live of the land, rather then of tinned food. That should have been ONE focus in the development of the game NOT the only one, forced on everybody._______________________________________________But any kind of civil, friendly or hostile mass  multiplayer play OR roleplay is almost completely dead. The very core of the game, the very reason why i and many others have so many hours in it, is DEAD._________________________________________________Now they pushed and push with every of the rare patches towards hardcore survival. „everybody or small groups for himself in the woods“ or (eventually)„pvp at the military camps“. They are so desperate to get people off the coast where most actual multiplayer happened. That seems to be their main focus nowadays.Criticism is exclusively met with censorship.And no serveroptions to cancel that. You're stuck with the balance and focus idea of the devs which is BAD!There is no option to have more (civil) loot at the coast again,so that people can stay there, adjust the number of zombies or turn that absolutely silly fog off.With simple preselections for civil loot, coast and inland and military loot you could already adjust focus and gameplay on a server.You don't have to give full access to serverfiles, which would make bugtracking impossible. That's their excuse.All would help having more actual multiplayer, with whatever focus, in some sort of (very large) hotspot again.And all the way the player numbers IMPLODED over these hardcre survival focus. Yes, some love it. but apparently the game has/had the wrong players for turning it into „7 Days 2 die“. Which of course DOES have gameplay and server options to adjust gameplay.Again: This variety of playstyles the game offered made it actually UNIQUE amongst all the multiplayer survival crafty games. Dayz has so much more options in dealing with other players apart from shoot or not. Many focussed on banditry roleplay and interactions, but also for cooperation.But not anymore. These options and game mechanics are still there of course. But you don't meet enough players anymore apart from the military camps where there is plain counterstrike PvP. Even that spoiled by hackers and the still unsolved Duping pest (dupering cheaters  are only marginally smaller ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s then actual hackers!!), that makes it hopeless for honest players.THAT versatility and flexibility differentiated it from Rust, from H1Z1, Miscreated and others where you either shoot or not. Made it more interesting for me, even (actually because) it has no options in terms of base building and stuff as those games have.In short: in gameplay old DayZ was a VASTLY BETTER GAME then the current one.In technology it has improved. But  enough for 4 years? No!That brings  us to:The attempted objective, neutral part of the review:___________________________________________Its pointed out a lot down here, that progress is painfully slow. Hard to argue with that. With the best will in the world it is unaccectable now.Performance improved massively (from very low levels), Persistence works, Zombies don't run through walls anymore 0.61 also finally kinda fixes lighting and shadows.The map has been improved. Although its now almost too filled with cities and stuff now for my liking. It feels rather spammy in places.What are the fails?They built a new car system from scratch, which is still a disaster. They should have adjusted and improved the Arma 2 Car system and used free time and ressources for more important things.I'm not expecting ""Project Cars"" or even ""Need for Speed"" but at least something working.In the one patch per year, they now mainly fiddle with gameplay, balance and focus of the game, adding new trees and wolves, without adressing ANY of the technical issues.Introducing much more zombies and wolves - together with probably the worst melee system, the game ever had. And it was always bad.It's still possible to melee zombies, but the feedback, the feel, the hitboxes, the sound, the lag - it's STILL rather terrible. Increasing the number without solving the technical issues underneath, including the lag, is just stupid.Zombie AI is actually much better now, but somewhat eaten up by their laggy and glitchy movement.Devs want you to go military and shoot things though, so the crappy melee system shouldn't matter to those players. I however don't like DayZ being played as a shooter.And a melee system is in the game so it has to work! I'm not expecting ""Dying light"" but at least something working....______________Conclusion independent from personal concerns:Is it a Early Access(ea) ripoff, as many claim?No! Sorry here come the facts:1. Slow progress is not against the rules of ea! Fact.While perversions of the ea concept like pay dlc and real money ingame shops in various other games, should force a release out of early access imho!2. The game costs currently 28€. Thats all you spend and possible lose. Fact.No microtransactions, no pay2win pay dlc.... Just 28$. Even in it's current state it's well worth that! Or maybe was... see review beginning..3. There is enough to see and to do in it, as it is. The map is the most complex, interesting and probably biggest (non-procedural) map of all those survival games. There are plenty of game mechanics, that work well, despte the issues. And if you LIKE shooting stuff you won't have some of the issues, i have with DayZs game mechanics. You might have others, i'm not aware of..4.Given all this, if you're aware that this game is and will be for a long time, very unfinished, and live with its glitches, it's worth it's money. If you don't want to risk 28€ or expect a somehow finished, polished or unglitchy™ game, DON'T buy it (yet)."
,Not Recommended,221100,21162146,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,iCarly,Literally worse than hitler
,Not Recommended,221100,13930279,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Swish,"Only really fun when you're with a group and don't get killed by the numerous amount of hackers. Don't join a high spawn beacuse you'll see a guy jump out of a wall, hear two shot and be dead. They need to fix this."
,Recommended,221100,8823854,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,P0UYABUZZ,Yes!
,Not Recommended,221100,16469679,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,gnagust,"Will be worthless for a few decades more. I will check on it when all of my hairs are grey.An ambitious but incompetent game. It doesn't seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about perfecting the basics to the point of playability, and instead add a billion varieties of attire and objects that ultimately do bugger all.I guess i deserve to be laughed at a bit for buying. These ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s made me trust them, though it's ultimately my fault for buying.NEVER buy early access for more than you'd happily throw in the fireplace, because they are mostly quite interchangeable.Piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,17164357,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,JH10,Hard to get good graphics and good preformance on a mid (£500) tier pc and overall gameplay is confusing i reccomend leaving the bame untill finished.
,Not Recommended,221100,24046445,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,God Damn It Bob,This game will never be finished.  Devs took the money and ran.  Avoid at all cost
76561198155382606,Not Recommended,221100,17511614,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Ronald Reagan,"Play for 2 hours. One and a half of those hours are running around. Find a mosin 5 minutes later, get shot while trying on boots. 10/10 hate this game. Dont understand why people like it."
76561198015857427,Not Recommended,221100,22931099,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Max Chill,This game is quite literally THE BENCHMARK STANDARD of how to do EVERYTHING 100% wrong. The only thing this game has going for it... is that it has an attractive enough name to make someone buy it only to realize that they've been scammed. You want DayZ? Then get the Arma 3 mod. It's better in every single way.. and there is significantly more content.
,Not Recommended,221100,21420254,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,SaltyVanilla,"It was fun for the first week or so, but development is so slow that eventually you forget about the game."
,Not Recommended,221100,21469293,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ambition,"Dayz Used to be a good mod, then the developer got a great idea to just tear it out of arma, chop it the ♥♥♥♥ up, throw in a few thousand bugs and take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on it, then charge people who loved the mod 30 bucks for a copy of a free to play mod that runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and now 5 years later it hasn't been touched. I want a refund, I stuck it out for so long hoping that it would get better and they would remake this game entirely, but now its obvious they don't give a ♥♥♥♥, they took the money and ran.DO NOT GET THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198015823590,Not Recommended,221100,22059984,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Saytec,"Unfortunately, I can no longer recommend this game.I had a lot of fun playing it, but honestly the excruciatingly slow developement process is simply killing the game. The developement team puts way too much emphasis on releasing new content (weapons, clothing etc.) instead of focusing their energy on the most pressing issue at hand: the performance.The performance is utterly horrible and even a top tier gaming rig can barely keep 30FPS in the larger cities.In addition to that desync is still an issue.Let's all hope the new renderer fixes or at least drastically improves the performance issue, because if not, I frankly do not see a future for DayZ."
,Not Recommended,221100,22703818,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Xantog,2450: day z beta
,Not Recommended,221100,20157572,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tippy,"Where do I start? Graphics are amazing when maxed, framrate is ok. i get about 60-120 out of towns, 29 at the MOST when in towns. Regardless of graphical options, you will get the same framerate, so I leave everything on max. Gunplay is horrible, its the waiting game, somepeople just log out after 5 minutes when they think you arent coming. People interaction is horrible. Everyone is a **** sucker and tries to kill you regarless of gear. Lots of geared people with m4's and augs/ak's come to the coast litterally to kill people who only have a t-shirt and jeans on. I went around once recording gameplay  and asking other players if they had food or water. They usually give you water, wait till you start drinking the bottle and then shoot you in the head while you're stuck in the drinking animation and you cant do anything. Survival in the game is easy. Go into the woods, stumble upon a small house with a chicken coop. get rope, feathers, sticks craft a bow + arrows. Kill animals, craft clothing and such. Really easy, but its not worth it, someone will find you, and use a hacked mag with 1.653E/30 rounds in it to spray you into DayZ 1.0. The owner of this game litterally peaced out after taking the money of the first two years. The rest of the devs suck, and they dont do anything, they add useless sh** like a helicopter which inevidebly will need 1000 parts to repair it in which the likes you will get your♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed in by some hacker, or a fresh spawn that finds a gun will shoot you when you land. There is no reviving system which sucks. Even if you have defib, it kills them. epipens dont do anything either. Desync is horrible, anyone who has  a car wont pick you up, and will only aim to kill you with the car. I cant even think of anything else because all i keep thinking is that I wasted 30 bucks buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥two years ago, and that I will never ever see this game optimized or fixed in any way which makes it fun to play. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,221100,22660480,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,ウィニー,this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks enormous gorilla♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,23389871,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Stonewall Johnson,"The game is never updated, it's horrible optimized, and zombies are next to nonexistent anymore. Also, if you wanna play in a party with friends, good luck. My frends spent the better part of two hours just trying to find each other. You're better off saving your money. I want this game to be good, but it has so far to go and has gone next to nowhere since Alpha was released."
,Not Recommended,221100,23150935,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,azninvazn808,This game is♥♥♥♥♥ Bought it for $30 years ago hoping it would become something.  Never did and it never will. Waste of my money but helped me learn a lesson.  I don't plan on getting any early access games anymore and will never play a Bohemia game ever again.
,Not Recommended,221100,21944988,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,☢ Charles Bartowski™,"Right, when I first started playing Dayz, I couldnt run it that well until I got my new PC. After that I thought it was fine but tbh I got bored of playing this game. Its a cool game to spend a few hours on killing toxic people and so on but this game needs serious changes.It's so annoying to play in LOW settings because its looks bad and when I tried putting one setting in HIGH I got 15 to 20 fps. The game glitches out and causes me to die and lose all my loot. (I went through a metal barrier and fell from a building) and various other things. If this doesnt get fixed I might just start playing the Arma 3 Epoch Mod because tbh its better... Rate it 6/10 and i hope this gets fixed. (Even if it did, I probably wouldnt go on it much)"
,Not Recommended,221100,23917521,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Prideful,"Been in early access since 2013, you really think thirty four bucks is worth it?"
76561198041953430,Not Recommended,221100,29037223,Posted: 5 January,all,D-Dimmadome,I'm sorry for everyone who bought this with hope in their hearts.
76561198152648974,Not Recommended,221100,29048640,Posted: 5 January,all,javalsta,Have over 900 hours but 0.61 is a s***!! zombies just push you in pvp and lag you through walls while hitting you and you can not move.
,Not Recommended,221100,31375281,Posted: 26 April,all,Pawełek,"3,5 years of early access game... seriously? Every player which bought that game, should have right to get refunded... this game will be never finished.FU Rocket"
,Not Recommended,221100,23906614,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Winter Owl,"No, I do not recommend this trash."
,Not Recommended,221100,23899441,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,hellflame,"MADE 2013 AND STILL EARY ACCES ALPHA. still full of bugs, updates are few and far in between. not to mention they introduce more bugs then they fix. the concept of a ""hotfix"" is a patch about a month later. don't let the fan boys mislead you. this is a failed product."
,Not Recommended,221100,25184639,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Smocaine,"They should have cut the game description at""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE"""
,Not Recommended,221100,17986636,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Raki,"Dont buy this failure of a ""Alpha Stage"" called game. You will regret it. Boycott Bohemia."
76561198056392692,Not Recommended,221100,24160184,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Coonpuff,Bought this in early 2014Early Access AlphaNow July 2016Early Access AlphaI don't see whats wrong with the picture here
,Not Recommended,221100,34998845,Posted: 16 September,all,Hanthion,"Overall Score: 2/10-4 because it's riddled with bugs, and it has unfinished systems.-4 because the devs abandoned the players.Please do not buy this game. Encouraging this behavior is just awful.It had potential.  I put some good hours into it.  But development is dead, and they've left us a mess of unfinished content."
,Recommended,221100,12518724,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Jefferson Buzzcock,I got knocked unconcious by a british guy who saved me from zombies and stole my glasses so he could be a hipster. He then began to feed me fruit and then clothed me and set me free.10/10
,Recommended,221100,8466066,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Bowen,"Walking around some Russian townsee some blokefollow said blokesaid bloke gets rekt by teleporting zombie men; t'was brutal.Said teleporting zombies spot merun into russian housezombies follow mein kitchen, surrounded by teleporting zombie chaps with no hopepull out fistsland one successful punch on one blokedie anywayrespawnkilled by sniper.10/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,11711202,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Dogzero,"This game is very tedious and i advise you to not play this game also for the reason that the zombies can walk through doors and buildings. I would play DayZ and i would not find a gun for hours at a time. Just to get a Mosin Nagant it would take me a minimum of two hours. I know they will be getting a new engine for this game but they should have just made their own engine in the first place. There would be more flexibility to the engine also for how the developers want to make the game. Rust has done an amazing job of their new reboot of the game and i'm so excited for the updates i literally check every friday for the updates so i see how much progress has been done and then i go look at DayZ and it still hasn't taken off yet. As they said it IS an Early Access Game and Rust has taken a lot more time for a reboot but even the legacy has been more fun to me than this game. Another reason is because whenever i play with my friends on Rust, it's very fun to make enemies and be bandits, raid everyone and literally take over the server by being a powerhouse. In DayZ, you can have friends to play with, but it's just not the same as Rust. Rust has a particular feeling of gameplay that makes it different every single time you play. DayZ is better at the positioning of loot, Rust has a ''unrealistic'' feel of getting loot because you get them from crates. DayZ places loot on floors and you have to think that Gun stores are almost always full of bandits or people that want to kill you. As said in the Human Element interview with Robert Bowling that you have to think about the ''Human Element'' that you want to horde supplies, barter with people, make alliances, work together to survive and you have to think about going to a gun store or a city because you have to think, obviously people are going to be at the cities because you are thinking that and the likelyhood of them thinking that is very high. In Rust, there is this element, where you can make alliances, work together and trade with people. When i trade with people in Rust, and are not very ''popular''  I keep a friend hiding in a mountain with a Bolt Action Rifle in cloth so he blends in, and if something goes down he will shoot upon him. Games always take ideas from other games for example, Battlefield : Hardline singleplayer has similar mechanics of Far Cry 3. Rust also has a more appealing price tag because DayZ isn't as good as Rust in my opinion for gameplay because of the reasons above. I know people might be hating on this review, but just like ReviewTechUSA said on one of his videos that Microsoft and Sony are friends, for one of them to do well the both of them have to do well. If there is not enough competition then they will not earn as much money. The people who made DayZ obviously want their game to do well, and Rust's developers. If there is not enough competition between the two then the companies will technically lose money."
,Not Recommended,221100,12241788,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,@Steptornetta,Meh... Not Yet
,Not Recommended,221100,11653298,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,BlueNova,0/10 BALL♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DSYNC NOT FIXED WASTE OF MONEY
,Recommended,221100,9055682,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,LilH3ro,"I would say this game is worth all the money it's sold for! and I'm gonna tell you why!In this game, You can experience so much random stuff happening and the most random/coolest thing that happened to me was:I died fully geared (and I realized it was no reason to go back since some guy got it) BUT when I respawned I must have hit a lucky spawn or something cause I spawned in Solnichniy and started making my way down to Elektrozavodsk. On the way there I met 2 german people that were new to the game so I started helping them out with basic stuff nothing special really, but when we got to Kamyshovo some guy started sniping at us from the mountains (the usual sniping spot) and he was such a terrible shooter so I thought I was just gonna go over and punch him to death, so I started running over to him ""ZIG-Zagging"" so he wouldn't be able to shoot me. Even one of the german guys joined in running against him to with a saw. When we started punching him he kept running slower, and slower until he F****ing combat-logged on us, I got mad and started running for Elektrozavodsk once again.15-30 sec later 3-5 people started sniping at me and I just flipped my keyboard and was running like a 4-year-old on crack or something screaming ""IM FRIENDLY"" while sniper bullets were raining down, and like a few sec after that they realized that i wasn't that guy that they were looking for (they were actually after the guy that was sniping me from the beginning so I started explaining what happened and they asked me to show them where he combat-logged (ofc I showed them the exact same spot and it was easy to remember since the German guy died right beside him cause they thought he was that guy too) and they started explaining how they were set up and this guy was apparently trying to lure them into a trap...1 min after ""alot"" of explanation the guy log's back on the server and I say: isn't that the guy? and they all just make it rain (and when I say ""make it rain"" I mean they had to be using atleast 100 bullets on him) cause he went down faster than a fat guy on thin ice! They thanked me and told me I could loot him (wasn't really alot of stuff that was useful since 100 bullets make stuff break apparently) but at the end I got a Mosin 9130 out of it, and since they broke everything else he had on him they even gave me 10 Bullets for it and some Food/Water! Best Day Ever!And that Boy's and Girl's is why you should get DayZ!"
76561198079182182,Not Recommended,221100,30672918,Posted: 22 March,all,Markey,This game is dead since the day Dean Hall left.
,Not Recommended,221100,24153023,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Joe,"Recommended? At the moment, no unfortunately.Albeit very fun and having a tendency to raise your heartrate and give you a huge adrenaline rush during firefights or standoffs once you're well armed, development is painfully slow and the game is, in my opinion, not what it's made out to be. The developers seem to be focusing on polishing a fundamentally flawed game rather than trying to iron out the inherent faults. To name a few;Logging out with items in your hands potentially resets your inventory.Running into someone in a doorway or corner of a room causes severe damage to you both (or potentially death)There's a cursed shed in Guglovo.Several mechanics to warm your character up, but an absence of any to cool you down other than sitting in a lake for 15 minutes to get the Drenched status.Melee combat is awful to say the least.Zombies are able to hit you through walls and doorsObject rendering is flawed with the new Enfusion engine. Wire fences and windows appear as flat textures even when viewed through rifle scopes setting you at a huge disadvantage when trying to survey an area. This may be fixed in a future release though.Cars are absolutely deafening. I mean ear splittingly loud.You can hear a car changing gear in the next town but despite it being deafening, only hear a vehicle approaching from 200-250 metres or so.You can't hear gunshots most of the time. This is a game breaker for me. How are you meant to defend yourself at all if you can't hear the guy shooting at you from fifty feet away?Cars cause immense frame drops that can only be fixed by relogging or driving on traintracks.They've implemented a new game engine, yes, and I achieve very playable framerates while still having the game look visually pleasing but for me it still has a long way to go before it will surpass the mod in my books.If you're looking for a survival horror game with a primarily shoot-on-sight based community, and you're willing to risk losing all your progress several times a week to bugs that have existed for over two years, go for it. But there's no way I'd pay£23for it, you must be joking."
,Not Recommended,221100,15223030,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Yatagan,"After 18 months as standalone (not including all the time it spent as a mod) Dayz is still unplayable. The controls and movement feel terrible and are unintuitive, combat is impossible, and navigating inventory and menus is still a pain.That's why I've played only 17 hours since buying it right when standalone became available. I simply cannot play for more than 5-10 minutes at a time.The game has not made much progress in the last year and at this point I have a feeling they will just eventually ""release"" it by slapping a 1.0 on the version. I'm amazed people aren't rioting in the streets over this. They have failed to deliver in just about every way possible.Do not buy this game until it's fully released and has been thoroughly reviewed (if that ever even happens). Fantastic concept, absolutely no followthrough from the developer.EDIT, 8/2016: Checking back in 14 months after writing the review above. Little has changed, the game is still fundamentally unplayable. No loot or Zombies in any of the online servers, still a pain to join a server, still missing most promised features, still buggy and horribly optimized.This isn't a game in early access that's just broken cause it's in development, it's not even possible to playtest and clearly lacks strong leadership or direciton."
,Not Recommended,221100,20599578,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Insider Hacking,"could be such a good gamebeen in alpha for the past 3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I N G YEARS. that should say enough about the quality.apart from having 20fps, s h i t t y character controls, and bad desync, you can have fun walking around and not seeing anyone for hours because everyone's too p u s s y to leave the coast.the devs must be delusional and autistic for adding new weapons and useless items in the game first before fixing the CORE PROBLEMS WITH DAYZ.if you're still looking for the /dayz/ experience, you're better off watching videos of it"
76561197984718117,Not Recommended,221100,23076814,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Yokem,2.5 years and still in alpha. Definition of scam
,Not Recommended,221100,25787066,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Bipolar Polar Bear,"Thank goodness I was able to get a refund for this, I did play DayZ:SA when it first came out and nothing much has changed in terms of gameplay and optimization.."
,Not Recommended,221100,22417449,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Speedfreak,> I feel thirsty > My stomach grumbles> I'm thirsty   > I'm feeling hungry> I need a drink > I want to eat something> I feel like having a drink > I feel hungry> I want to drink something > I'm extremely hungry> I really need to drink  > My stomach grumbled violently> I'm dying of dehydration > I'm dying of starvationI DON'T GIVE A F U K JUST LEMME FIND A SHOTGUN>You are dead.-He'll never find
,Not Recommended,221100,24046674,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,OBAMA 🐮🔪,YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO BE THE ONE.
76561198056118066,Not Recommended,221100,18902993,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,MivwTaupos,Beta never end
,Not Recommended,221100,20905346,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Lonewolf,hackers everywhere...
76561198133512126,Not Recommended,221100,24456930,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Frausti,"Don't buy. At the rate the developers are updating, this game will never exit beta. They basically sold a lot during its early stages in 2013-2014 and then took all the money and left."
76561198025824855,Not Recommended,221100,23197619,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,wejmcl,This may be the greatest game that never was...sad...just sad...
,Recommended,221100,8495758,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sir. Yuwi,Died on stairs with good loot.10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,11690623,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Datdeagle,not worth it.
,Recommended,221100,8583283,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Gin,Handcuffed a guy with broken legs who crawled all the way from solnichniy to the berezino hospital and then stole his pants and forced him to drink disinfectant. 10/10.
76561198071561933,Not Recommended,221100,30911305,Posted: 2 April,all,The Purple Host,"Such a waste of time. I downloaded and played this game a few times throughout the years, seeing if it had gotten better or even updated for that matter. This last time I ended up joining a PVE server, knowing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gery of the bandits in the game. I wanted it to just be me surviving against the zombie apocalypse. I died twice due to the fact that I could not find food ANYWHERE I checked. I couldn't even scavange berries from bushes after 40+ tries. On my third life I finally found an apple tree which I picked roughly 6 apples. I thought ""Ok, THIS TIME I will survive and prosper."" That was until I accidentally attracted the attention of a single zombie. ""Not a problem, I'll just take him out."" Did so, and 4 more zombies were right around the corner. I had no bandages to heal myself, so I ran, and ran, and ran, and ran, and ran. I glance back only to find that all 4 of those zombies were STILL chasing me down like some Olympic runners. I then saw a lake and thought ""Yeah, that will stop them for sure!"" And what do you know, going in water doesn't stop the zombies, they just follow you, walking along the bottom of the lake alllllllll the way to the other side, and proceed to chase you more. I then died because of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and proceeded to delete DayZ off my computer. If you are looking for a real survival zombie game, it isn't here. This game isn't worth a dime."
76561198071820455,Not Recommended,221100,30165632,Posted: 25 February,all,Regular_Stormy,Where is my money!?
,Not Recommended,221100,30906629,Posted: 2 April,all,RottenApple,"It will stay in ""Early Access"" up until they stop developing the game, and it will just eventually die off, like it should have 3 years ago. No point in buying the game, it will never be finished."
,Not Recommended,221100,30770121,Posted: 27 March,all,BoxCar,I should of stuck with the mod :(
76561198071748879,Not Recommended,221100,29716765,Posted: 5 February,all,Cpt.PayDay,"♥♥♥♥♥bugged game. Dont buy it if you want the old dayz. Devs dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥in the game but make it worse. Unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥. You starve everytime because there is no food spawning and get killed by zombies since they have unlimited stamina now so they follow you as long as you live unless you shoot or kill them. Guns only spawn in military bases so people who have already been there have the power over the spot and everyone aproaching just gets killed. After 5 years of early access and 3 years early alpha nothing really has changed. Zombies still bug trough everything, you cannot hit them with punching weapons because they glitch around all over the place. Sorry to say but this game is crap the way it is right now. And I know that there is a disclaimer saying that it is early access and so on but after 5 years you really can expect that the game would change to a better version of the dayz mod."
76561198127340709,Not Recommended,221100,30913287,Posted: 2 April,all,NoFranko,"i wanted to like it, so i keep playing it. it was torture.its funner with friends and i could see how this game could be fun, but at the current state, dont buy it.not worth $35 dollars when u can buy the arma 2 for $12 and get the DAYZ MOD for free and have a better time on it than the standalone. $20 dollars would bring more people and make the community bigger, and maybe more frequent updates.5/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,13831536,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Stealth_Banana,The house herpes decided that aids is totally gonna win the hearts and nipples of American Idol: therefore Claycup is training his big ankle for big gainz. Everyone puts President Banana inside themselves. Barbara baked bacon before big Bruxxus bathed boring babies. Troublesome ♥♥♥♥♥♥s bounced about a small lonely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥called Sakya Raper. And one♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Americans like to sweat out chocolate people . But secks. SUPRISE! ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Today I farted eloquently about town citizens scrurrying like shews.
,Not Recommended,221100,13900910,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,๖ۣۜKieee ⊹ツ,"Best running simulator Ever.You ever die from some ♥♥♥♥ing pathetic little glitch or by Some 13 year old scrotum who gets bullied at school for being a ginger little♥♥♥♥♥♥and has to release on a game. Don't buy this, you're wasting your time and money.P.S Eurgen you little tramp I hope you get ebola x"
,Not Recommended,221100,18124672,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Whisky River,"It's just so full of glitches that actively ruin the experience, you can't even ignore them they stick out so badly. I wish I'd spent my money on ANYTHING else. I WANT TO ENJOY IT BUT I CAN'T."
76561198059445782,Not Recommended,221100,18107050,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,XDevilsAnarchyX,Im running through a forest nothing in sight it is dark and raining no flashlight no ammo and definitely no food wondering if a zombie is going to take my life away. A few hours later it is now day with no rain and not a single zombie in sight nor town to gather supplies I die with no food and water. This is Dayz a game set in a zombie apocalypse where the only thing you can do is survive. Dayz is a giant world and on normal circumstances id say that is a good thing. However today is not the day to lie. When you make a game like dayz you have certain options and ways you can go about doing them you can make a world populated full of zombies and big places to search and gather supplies. or you can make a giant sized map with few zombies very small cities and more trees than you know what to do with. Over half the hours I have put into dayz was spent running on a road with no end in sight looking for a city or town to scavange hell a zombie to fist fight would have been nice. However one key and huge issue I have run acrossed in this game is just how empty it is. With such a giant map where are the towns? where are the cars on the roads? AN WHERE THE HELL ARE THE ZOMBIES. See zombies in this game have a spawn area it seems most if not all of them only spawn near towns or cities nowhere else which some would say is realistic however with how populated the world is that is not true. The game prides itself in being a game about surviving a zombies apocalypse however it's more of a food and water apocalypse than anything and this saddens me. Expecially since the game is so beautiful and the gameplay is so fitting and well done. However at the end of the day no matter how beautiful a game is or how well the controls feel there needs to be a hook a feeling that your doing something better than running down a long road full of nothing but this game does not have that. Dayz though beautiful and well put together only deserves what it puts out in entertainment wich is a 5/10. I hope one day I can change this an that they update an change these huge key problems but till then I cannot give it more of my time and I cannot tell others to put there time into it.
,Not Recommended,221100,17286653,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Mathias Giovanni,"I love survival zombie games.  As of this version I find the game is just boring.  Even scavenging is boring as you don't interact with the enviornment.  A gun is just placed on the ground, maybe on a table.  Soda cans or canned food standing up perfectly in some corner of a room, tyipcally placed on the ground.  You can't search lockers, cabinets, and boxes.  It feels like a very slow paced player versus player shooter.  Out of playing about 2 hours I interacted with about 3 zombies total.I also have a lot of crashes on looting if my packs are fool and I try to drop an item from my hands.  I believe this happens when it doesn't have a place in the enviornment to fall to.  Instead of falling at the avatars feet it ends up in front so often under a table or in an enviornment object.My opinion.  It's just not worth the money at this point unless you want a game to scavenge randomly placed weapon drops and hunt other players."
76561198048133880,Not Recommended,221100,18222289,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,multife,look up war z this is the same thing they got your money and your not allowed to complain about it dont get this game and if you have it ask for a refund even if you dont get it
,Not Recommended,221100,18494996,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,StarSouse,"A total waste of money.After over a year of development this game is an embarassment. No, don't trust my words. See the game for yourself at a friend's house. Simple as that.The developers rode any available hype, accepted thousands of dollars, the creator left, and now Bohemia will just wait for this game to die without too much attention. An insult to gamers, especially today when other games are delivering more than promises - all within a free-to-play structure.Not that it matters to them now, but please, don't send them more money. If you do buy this game, you'll realize you made a mistake the second you see the cobbled-together main menu.TL;DRI use DayZ as a lesson to myself about bad investments.Wait, you're thinking of paying WHAT to try this garbage?"
76561198015131302,Not Recommended,221100,18257726,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Alduric,GAMES STILL BROKE IN ALMOST EVERY WAY fk u EA
76561198182030509,Not Recommended,221100,21434376,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Freshprince,"Fully Equiped walking down stairs on police station, suddenly the screen goes black = You are dead. Game probably though that I have fallen from huge distance.. If this is possible after 4 years of development it means that there must be something terribly wrong. Don't buy this rubbish game for Christ sake"
,Not Recommended,221100,21427900,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Shuffle,I was really looking forward to playing this but the game was more or less a slideshow.
76561197982474309,Not Recommended,221100,22716290,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Gauldilocks,"Early access for over 2 years is unacceptable, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,221100,22574926,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Winrar Dinrar,Did they bail on this game?The mod was way better back in the day.4/20 ign
,Not Recommended,221100,22617201,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,HuskyBlue,"Since the game has been out for about two and a half years (at the time of this review), Bohemia Interactive have essentially milked out their desired playerbase, meaning anyone who was interested in this game have already purchased it. As a result, Bohemia Interactive has no reason to finish this game and bring it out of Early Access. What we have now is a game that feels broken and barren, and I do not believe that this will change anytime soon. Save your money for a different game; I would recommend not buying DayZ Standalone unless it drops below $10 (USD) during a Steam Sale."
,Not Recommended,221100,23290048,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Jacky Cola,Was nice when it got hyped a year (or two?) ago. WIll be dead old fish when (if) it gets out of Early Access.
76561198184779769,Not Recommended,221100,17516570,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,N0T_BRAND0N_HARRY,Well truth is I see alot of potential in this game but it just doesnt meet my expectations and is best on a fairly good Pc
76561197998100636,Not Recommended,221100,18177441,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Gorbash12346,Actually want my money back. The mod was sooo much better even with the bugs it was miles better than this.This game will be nearing the end of alpha by the time i'm long dead.abysmally slow updates and never fixing bugs always adding pointless fluff.Don't buy! do the smart thing and play the mod instead.Complete waste of a good concept
76561197988545496,Not Recommended,221100,18397138,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Darklightning_2k,"The developers have pretty much abandoned this game, Dean Hall, creator of DayZ mod and this game has abondoned it in alpha.It started off good, which is where most of the postive reviews no doubt came from. They then started taking stuff out, weapons, even the god damn zombies no longer spawn. Messing with the scripts etc. Because of all the fooling around it runs horribly on 4770k and 980ti. Allot of the game mechanics is broken, and its only gotten worse, with everyone abandoning it, its only going to get worse. Why they didnt build it on arma 3 engine i dont know.If you want DayZ, DayZ mod is still alive go get that or Arma 3 breaking point, exile, epoch etc"
,Not Recommended,221100,21393172,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,elwin,would prefer having cancer and die from it over playing this game again
,Not Recommended,221100,21446011,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Asbi Mushbash,No! 0.5/10
76561198068482820,Not Recommended,221100,18146416,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Mc-Nib-Nab,Saddly i can't recomend this to the masses. i have 2 GTX980's and a decent i7 and i only get 45 fps in towns. playable yes but certainly not acceptable. it just does not seem to be moving. played the mod to death. and i bought this day one. almost 3 years ago. still feels like day 1
,Not Recommended,221100,21008253,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SadoGodhero,"I bought this game day one, and two years later it didn't evlove, it already the same things... The same things ? Nooo, we had an evolution since 2013 ! We have the same things without zombies: in two years of development, we pass of DayZ in Day.Now, a lot of survival games are out (Rust, H1Z1, Seven Day to Die, etc.) and they are better than Day""Z"", and they aren't in 2 years and half of development without evolutions.Bohemia, maybe it's time for you to see the reality and other editor with the same game concept, because DayZ is probably the most abandoned Steam's survival game, and the most late. You were the most hyped game from 2013, but now, you are the most forgotten game from 2016."
,Not Recommended,221100,22003739,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Grimmjow,"Rocket said it best in June, 2013, when asked to describe the Standalone in three simple words; stable, smooth and simple, he said. And that's all anyone really wanted or expected. It didn't need to be anymore than that - they had already nailed the formula. We opened our wallets and the rest is history.."
76561198002670409,Not Recommended,221100,22597696,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Ulrich,Nothing changed in almost 2 years of development in comparison to Arma 2 mod. No reason to buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197983894808,Not Recommended,221100,22957767,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ginge,"couldnt even connect to a server, thank god for steam refunds"
,Not Recommended,221100,18182608,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Drinkfist,- Day Z StandaloneRocket (The creator of the original Arma 2 Day Z mod) Jumped ship so I think this game might actually be on track to suck less again. I still don't know how I feel about the format but it is essentially the flagship of the whole ♥♥♥♥ing genre. The game is always going to be about four hour long spits of boredom and walking with one to twenty minutes of sheer adrenaline and terror. Rocket was a modder and has no ♥♥♥♥ing idea how to work in a team or what the ♥♥♥♥ a scope of game is in the real world so I am glad to see the guy walk away from this with his paycheck. Bohemia Interactive might actually discover they can do other♥♥♥♥♥♥that isn't just straight hardcore military simulators. I am not looking at this ♥♥♥♥ing game another day until they say it is out of early access. The nightmare is real with this project.
,Not Recommended,221100,21434909,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Moodkip,"The game in the state it is in is horrible to play, i just reinstalled it after upgrading my computer to a more powerful one, and it still runs terribly and even bluescreens, i have not had problems with other games that i try to run"
76561198089298703,Not Recommended,221100,21647291,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,JAMES DEEN,"Whatever you do, do not get this 'game'. It is quite possibly the buggiest, underdevolped, incomplete excuse for an early access. The only reason they have kept it early access is so people can't refund. All i can say is.... what♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,22130879,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,video store guy,"DayZ came out with more, better content that they took out for some reason. (don't know the reason, probably because they're cucks)They tried to fix NON-broken parts of the game that no one wanted fixing, and broke them.They still haven't touched the actual broken parts (falling out of buildings, horrendous, unresponsive, broken controls, terrible gun play, the terrible optimisation (2 GTX 970's and still get 17 fps on average), etc.)EDIT: I just tried playing it again for the first time in a few months. Got geared with the best weapons, clothes and items in the game, went upstairs in a house because I was bleeding and needed to bandage, zombies started hitting me from the ground on the outside of the house to the middle of a room on the second story of the house, so I moved to the third floor of it and the kept hitting me, so I decided to leave the house entirely, walking out of the door killed me.Save your money and buy something actually fun. If you want the DayZ experience just get A2OA and play the mod, it's much better than this trash heap of a abandoned title."
76561198119787577,Not Recommended,221100,22620718,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PotatoKingIV,That moment when you pay $35 for a game that will never be finished.
,Not Recommended,221100,22730728,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Jalapi,bad
,Not Recommended,221100,21414879,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,nickert0n,It's an embarrassing excuse of a game.
,Not Recommended,221100,23174963,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,SFC Burkey,I've completely given up on this game. There's no hope.
76561198093353217,Not Recommended,221100,22619285,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tronald Dump,Its a scam
,Not Recommended,221100,21825556,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mystogan,they decived us all....
76561198034108496,Not Recommended,221100,23101520,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,123,The game was a good idea!!!! 2 years since i bought it and nothing has change. I feel like they stole from me!!!Dont buy it!!!There are other Survival games..DOnt waste your money!
,Not Recommended,221100,21417404,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Mister Grace,"Why do i feel that this would have been better as an arma 3 mod?Probably because they it would finally be fully optimized, I can hit 120fps arma III On ultra, I still hit 30 at times on Dayz on medium. And that's a new high. ""Early Access"" 2 years ago.""""Current Focus:- Optimization- Lights- Finalizing Simulweather / Truesky- Bug Fix, Bug Fix, Bug FixPast the work on the new renderer technology - the design and art teams are working on the initial art/skinning for the Main Menu, Server Browser, and Inventory Screen - while the gameplay programming team works on finishing implementation of requested functionality, and bugfixing. """" - Quote from Feb 16th UpdateOptimization has been in thier top list of things to do since the game released. Here's how to make a game, Optimize, make it playable, then add content. But instead they want to add bicycles that look like boxes from 1980 cartoons. But don't let that stop you, Once you turn your render down below 90% Every character looks as fuzzy as Sulley from Monsters Inc.. If that says buy the game then idk what else would.Here is a good example of why this game is ""Mostly Positive""""""RecommendedPosted: February 23EARLY ACCESS REVIEW10fps/1010helicrash/10""""So if you want to know why this game has Mostly Positive, that is why.tl;dr: Don't even waste your money, There are plenty of games that have ""less than posative"" reviews which are much better.Here's a list:- Romeros Aftermath (Under new management, They have turned this Free to play around, Hackers even get banned within 15 minutes of showing up.)- Ark (The dinosaurs drive better than the cars in Dayz.)- Miscreated (Runs on the Cryengine, Will not make you cry, and the engine actually works, even in their vehicles.)Message to the devs:""""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME """" Is not a viable legal excuse, You have to finish the development before you add content. This is why most other game companys provide DLC after finishing and polishing their game."
76561197964421724,Not Recommended,221100,21423218,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,woof,me and my friends went back to playing the mod over a year ago so what i am asking if they dont finish this game when will i get my money back. Because this joke as gone on far to long and it is giving early access a bad name.we have been avoiding early access games because of this game
,Not Recommended,221100,21453713,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,JSG,no updates 1/100- ♥♥♥♥ thedeadca
76561198072821066,Not Recommended,221100,22620446,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,PublicVoid,"Dayz mod is 100% better than this !!! don't wast time & money on this one trust me !!!I have played dayz mod for almost 2 years and i'm realy disappointed with this standalone game !!!Mod is much better less bugs ,viechles ,bigger comunity,  maps !!!"
76561198078057837,Not Recommended,221100,22698988,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,BloodBanish,dont buy it so many hackers
76561198126400268,Not Recommended,221100,22717532,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,HarryMan,still in alpha. three years later. this is just sad.
,Not Recommended,221100,21410295,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,DarkDracoo,"look at the reviews then at the ""user reviews rating"" mostly positive..yeah im sure everyone who owns this agrees and are mostly positive this game is a hunk of shizz the guy who made the Arma mod this is based off LEFT the team because well screw this thing no one cares not like it was getting better fixes and updates when he was in charge of it anyway and since his ""thanks for the money bye hoe's"" the game has fallen even harder if you can even think it can fall farther down the pit from being 3-4 years in ""ALPHA"" yes alpha early Access for 3-4 years..reminds me of a few games that steam took down due to some B.S like this...would sooner recommend a 50$ phone game or a EA game than this..stay away from this and dont get fooled by the steam ""user review rating"" because apprently even steam doesnt care about this..thing...as much as the devs do if they cant even get the user rating to update properly"
,Not Recommended,221100,21627990,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,isaiah,After three years this game is still horrible. Most of my hours in this game are from running across the map and dying to other players claiming to be friendly or just banditing. If you buy this game use it as toilet paper. because♥♥♥♥♥♥is the only thing this game can catch.
76561198140952011,Not Recommended,221100,22655169,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,FunkFury,"When I was 18 years old DayZ was released as an Early Access Game, I am now 21 years old and the game has yet to have its full release... And some how it has gotten worse over the years..."
,Not Recommended,221100,21835582,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sneaky,buying winrar is better
,Not Recommended,221100,28306144,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[GC] Sleven,"Forever in Alpha, troll developers that still thinks hes all high and mighty, but the sad truth is he haven't to put out one complete game yet.Check back in 2030 maybe we'll be in beta at least."
,Not Recommended,221100,30930119,Posted: 3 April,all,Dank Vader XX,"It has been in Early Access for years now, it has a very slow development, frames are bad for everyone!"
76561198010337137,Not Recommended,221100,30968575,Posted: 5 April,all,David 117,WTF THEY HAVENT EVEN FINISHED MAKING THIS GAME!NOW THEY ARE MAKING ANOTHER FFS!
76561197964162696,Not Recommended,221100,20710280,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gazorpazorp Field,I bet this game will be early access for another 3 years.
76561198058563506,Not Recommended,221100,20454533,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,HerrColman,"This game is trying to make me depressed. Instead of adding more useless♥♥♥♥♥♥like new hats, the developers should focus on making the game playable. I just joined a server and after 2 seconds i disconnected for some reason allthough I had a ping of 30. The game froze when i disconnected. When I tried to restart the game, a message popped up and it said that it failed to install battleye service. Now it's impossible for me to play the game and I have to reinstall it. Thanks alot Bohemia Interactive."
,Not Recommended,221100,22598322,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,MographMark,"Game has been in Alpha for years now.  Bugs are expected, but some of the most critical ones have been completely ignored - particularly the inventory system.  You would expect the most critical part of this entire game to have an inventory system that is not absolute garbage this far into the Alpha.  It should really be the first priority - and it's not.Most annoying of all, things you find in the enviroment are randomly, and repeatedly lost.  They enter a black void of nothingness.  Your pants are randomly taken off attempting to organize your items , and those items are then lost.  List goes on.As I look at the developer updates, they are working on graphics updates.  Why?  What are they doing?  The entire game hinges on the inventory system.  Without it, everything else is absolutely meaningless and falls apart.  Why are they not making this a top priority?  It rattles my brain.A lot of people have their doubts about the future of this game, from what I read.  And I'm starting to see why."
,Not Recommended,221100,30989486,Posted: 6 April,all,SaucyD,Great idea.  Fun game.  Sadly it is a huge time sink with a community that is often toxic and masochist.
,Not Recommended,221100,25723736,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Roguish,Dayz is like when you order a hamburger from a fast food place only to find that once you've driven home and gone into the kitchen that they only gave you the bread with an IOU between the slices
76561198030797694,Not Recommended,221100,32438965,Posted: 15 June,all,T-Dogz,Words cannot describe how much I regret purchasing this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,8581273,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,GeT_JaCkEd_MaN,"***Notice***If you flag the review down, explain why.  Otherwise the downvotes have no substance at all.If you want to participate in the deathmatch, by all means buy it.  It's a run, loot, and kill-on-sight simulator.  That's all it is.If you want a true zombie apocalypse as the title suggests, DON'T BUY IT.There are about 2 zombies per square mile....So yes...not that many.  They are glitchy as hell to top it off...My advice:Wait until the game is partially or fully developed.  It's a game with a lot of potential, I agree.  However, it's just not worth it at the moment."
,Not Recommended,221100,32052223,Posted: 29 May,all,F.A.S PEWPEWPEW,Ahh yes Day Z Standalone.... Sorry guys you missed the glory days. 2013 was the year this game was actualy fun unfortunantly that was the only year this game was fun. Now its almost like Myspace.... An abandoned apartment building with those who inhabit it (the ones still supporting this game) are disconnected from society and will fight tooth and nail like christians as to why this game is still good.Rip in peace  Day Z rip in peace.....
,Recommended,221100,8460952,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BCMagoo,Nothing to eat but raw fruit and died10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,10550121,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ßladeHawkX mac edition :^(,"Do I like playing this game? Definitly. Do I believe people should buy it now? Not really. Its a really buggy game that you would only want to get if you are going to play with friends or really can't wait to get it. In the state it is right now of 6/19/2014, there was a recent patch that shows things are progressing but very slowly. I recommend waiting for another year or until a big update comes out such as a better engine that doesn't allow zombies to noclip through walls, die from walking up a ramp, break your leg when you get onto the top of the ladder, or insta-die from a 5 feet drop. There also isn't a big ""goal"" in the game, as once you get all your gear, there isn't much else to do becides kill other players. There needs to be some sort of bigger goal such as building a base, establishing a society, and slowly turn things back to normal where everyone has a role in it."
,Not Recommended,221100,11680148,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,ุุBTSpaniel,It's Garbage just buy arma 2 and get dayz or buy arma 3 and get breaking point as alternatives
76561198012710882,Recommended,221100,8545048,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Molly Man,"Great game, and I high recommend anyone gets this! 9.5/10"
76561197993525978,Not Recommended,221100,11707879,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,D'Con411,"At the time this review is written the game is still in alpha so this review won't be about the lack of content, bugs, performance, lack of zombies, dodgy netcode, zombie pathfinding, clipping issues with loot, etc etc. Instead it will be about the core mechanics of the  game and how the implementation affects the zombie ""survival"" and the PvP encounters, which, will happen. So here we  go.The game  concept is fun, in theory. However there is no way to prevent people from going to a loot rich location and just hop from server to server untill you are geared up. This ""loot hopping"" mechanic can also be exploited to get behind people. Fun. A second issue this game has is the abundancy of blatant cheaters. Yes, yes, I hear the ""its an alpha that will be sorted out"" crowd already. Good luck with that. The game has too many things that are handled on the client side of the game instead of the server side. Unless this is changed those cheats will always be there. In the current state  of the game its impossible to have 3 player encounters without running into someone who is cheating in an obvious way. I'm not even talking about the people who use these ""hacks"" in an  unconspiuous way.Verdict: Unless you  are a die hard fanboy of the game stay clear of this title, there are or will be better options out there. If you do feel particulary masochistic and need your daily dose of cheater abuse just install the dayZ mod. It has more  content at this point and the availability of white listed servers might actually make it a more enjoyable,  less cheater filled, experience."
,Not Recommended,221100,8573779,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Simon1279™,"Yuo'll face nothing else than bandits, there's no clue for private matche with friends, and then you're forced to play with hackers, bandits and idiots of all kinds, the games is promising, but if you want to play just with people you actually know, simply you can't and you have to play together with hackers and bandits, i feel to suggest to don't buy it for this reasonnow it's just hackers and bandits"
76561197998395487,Not Recommended,221100,31097686,Posted: 12 April,all,Pa Schwarzenozaurus,negative game full of bugs with no corrections after many years its a total cash steal.
76561198031797117,Not Recommended,221100,25813346,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Wooster,"I'm rewriting my review since it was attacked by day z fanboys for lacking anything helpful. If you love this game thats fine, i'm just warning other what they are paying for. First, i know i do not have 999999999 hours played time, but i've played long enought to know when a game is bad,that leads me to my first complaint for this game. The game is buggy and runs poorly if you can even get it to play at all. When it does play , your character glitchs through walls as does zombies this makes playing a zombie survial game unplayable. Second, the price of the game is way to high, other games out there in the survial genre with more to offer for less .Third, gameplay, you will run for hours looking for supplies all while trying to stay alive, as of last time playing there was no auto run button and the supplies that mattered couldnt be obtained do to vertren players. Fourth, the community, they are bad . The time i did play this game it was the worse community i've ever played with, this is just an opinion and not a problem with the game its self . To some the communtiy can make or break a game, if you want to see how nasty the communtiy is just read the comments on the negitve reviews ."
,Recommended,221100,9149432,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Mr. Frog™,"I found a bunch of hobos living in their ""sacred gas station"". I removed my shirt and my shoes, pointed into the air, and yelled ""welelololpopolupu"". Now that the ceremony had been completed, I was one of them. We traveled the wasteland scavaging and recruiting more homeless people in the name of our god ""Hoboken"". Many denied our god and they met their death. Others embraced and roamed the country side with us. But what's this? Another wants to join us? We gladly accept them and just before the ceremony to join our tribe is over, they run off. We follow in an attempt to kill the non-believer. Dear Hoboken... It was a trap! Over the hill were bandits! Bandits who hated Hoboken. They aimed down their sites and murdered my brothers. I am still searching for them. Hoping that one day... I will meet who killed them. Hoboken be with me... and with you. Hoboken help us all. 10/10"
,Recommended,221100,9793939,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Caps,Ate a rotten apple and died
,Recommended,221100,8240638,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Fidelman,"The moment you find a server you are engulfed by rotting, festering bowels of the damned. The juices and gasses seeping into every nook and cranny, soaking into you, forever imprinting you with their stench. Then, as you leave the server and wander into your once pristine life, everyone you pass erupts in a shower of vomit, lining the streets with even more fetid mucus and half digested food. Imagine rolling in their stomach acids, bathing yourself in the sick, slimy torrents pouring forth from their mouths and you'll begin to understand DayZ.You awake the next day with an even deeper understanding of what you've witnessed, along with more diseases than there are cells in your body. You wander about the town, making more and more people throw up and♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves in your wake. Spreading disease and filth at an exponential rate, like Typhoid Mary. Your very presence brings with it the death and decay of a thousand cities, the fetid festering stench of a million rotting corpses. You are the walking, putrid personification of rot decay and disease and your coming heralds the end."
,Not Recommended,221100,14331557,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,♔Frankmeister ♘,"they took my money one year ago, now they are laughing at me, this game could be the best survival/zombie game, but they are not developping it... waste of money"
76561198071913678,Not Recommended,221100,15776920,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,tiddies,"Well, if you like lube and anal this is the game for you. Imagine getting a huge♥♥♥♥♥♥♥wetted by lube up your♥♥♥♥♥ and getting it spun inside your intestines."
,Not Recommended,221100,15779637,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Liandrist,"Game hasn't changed, still in ""Early Access"" after 2 years."
76561197999007345,Not Recommended,221100,21017015,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,hydrogennz,Don't waste your money on this. Has been in 'early alpha' (the meaning of which has been stretched far beyond the expanses of reality) since 2013 with no end in sight.What an utter disappointment.
,Not Recommended,221100,30616495,Posted: 19 March,all,Ratcash.,This game is still a bad joke. Dont buy it.
76561198137405493,Not Recommended,221100,30341130,Posted: 5 March,all,Amundas,"This game has been in alpha for 3 years+ and has yet to make any sort of major strides, while it is more stable and has more content it leaves a lot to be desired. With aging graphics and game engine it's simply being left behind by the rest of the industry. For this game to be successful would take enormous amount of work, which at the current development speed, probably won't be happening. Good concept but thats about where the good ends."
,Not Recommended,221100,30346208,Posted: 5 March,all,langsdorfspee,"This game as being developed for almost 4 years now. They stole people money, saying that its a Alpha development. We accepted that and they stealed from us leaving the game development. This ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game is unplayable. Poorly implemented. Do not buy this game. In fact Steam should warn customers of games like this with many negative reviews. This is not a game but a trick to stole people money, as its not a product."
,Not Recommended,221100,29748184,Posted: 6 February,all,Emperor Trump,"*Spawns**Dies to a zombie* -no zombies around*Spawns**Finds a hat**Finds a backpack**Waits for lag to stabilise**Dies due to unknown reasons*||||*Steps up the game and farms for two hours**Finds a backpack, a bat and two bullets**Attempts to murder a zombie**Zombie aquired teleportation abilities**Dies and uninstalls*Game and idea 7/10Developers 0.01/100"
76561198095266553,Not Recommended,221100,30973369,Posted: 5 April,all,likes_to_spooge,i want a refund on this how long are you going to say (WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME) now thats been like that for years im no expert but you should have sorted out alot of issues with the game already to make a full finished product for your fans. DONT GET IT PEOPLE THERE ARE BETTER ZOMBIE GAMES LIKE THIS THAT WORK.
76561198072543190,Not Recommended,221100,30900804,Posted: 2 April,all,levn,maybe good in 10 years
,Not Recommended,221100,25287969,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,WOLFSiN,Feel cheated by Dayz!
76561197979327881,Not Recommended,221100,25960398,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,MAN-PANTHER,"Bought this game 2.5 years ago, still isn't finished."
76561197972021720,Not Recommended,221100,30117294,Posted: 23 February,all,Kapuzi,"Waiting since 2013:The developers had such a great possibility to establish something new. Instead, new status reports resemble the blog of a fifteen year old girl on FB. If they would ask me how to develop this game, having enough budget - unlike other kickstarters - I would say: ""No, you screwed it. The community is past its patience."""
,Not Recommended,221100,33316945,Posted: 6 July,all,Akarinn,Pure trash. This game will be in early access forever. Devs ran out of cash to develop the game butyet still throw out stupid mindless updates that no one gives a flying ♥♥♥♥ about. I wish i could get a refund.
76561197975949155,Not Recommended,221100,25280609,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,LvlNine,How many years ago did i buy this? Why is it still early access?
,Not Recommended,221100,17291607,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,EdelWaffe,"I'm pretty sure, that this game will be finished when my great grandchildren die of old age."
,Not Recommended,221100,16461977,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RennZen,Broken as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,18364962,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Blazesmeg,"Getting worse day by day, avoid this garbage game. They won't even finish it."
,Not Recommended,221100,18455003,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Hardone,"Everything is a mess in this game, but developers are not solving any gameplay issues.1. AI of zombies terrible and glitch through walls2. All players focused around 10% of otherwise huge map, small servers3. Players hop servers to avoid getting killed or to get behind you if you're sitting inside some building, also loot can be obtained from other servers4. Extremely poor performance, most games run on my couple of year old rig run solid, for example 300fps in csgo, although dayz is just always lagging and unless you got SLI Titans it will probably lag for you too.5. Rubber banding, connection issues, unstable servers. Imagine scenario - you get up to the 2nd floor of a house, then decide to go downstairs and you break your leg by running down the stairs, unless you fix your broken bone you can never walk again. Or you're walking on the roof of a building and your character doesn't stop running after you release the run button, runs off the edge and dies.This is the worst game I paid money for. While all these issues are ongoing for years, developers have done pretty much nothing to change it, unless adding a few hats does the trick. So much potential although unplayable, you really need to push yourself to get enjoyment out of this game."
76561198062575064,Not Recommended,221100,20861182,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,RougeSnyper,"I would not buy this game yet until it hits beta or complete... they have been working on it for so long now, and they add the lamest content and always do it so slow.. every now and then something good will patch. but the engine is still garbage and lagy.. I would buy h1z1 for now. until they can earn their pay."
,Not Recommended,221100,21055250,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,[TYE] TEMPORA,">run for 20mins to get into airfield for loot>no loot other than boots and a tire>get shot and killed>respawn>run to town in hope of loot>no loot>get shot and killed>respawn>repeatThe true Dayz experience.""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME""Translation- IT IS NOWHERE NEAR FINISHED, IT A BUGGY, UNOPTIMISED BAG OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WITH RARE UPDATES AND VERY SERIOUS ISSUES.EDIT: 18/6/160.60 UPDATE: CAN NOW GET MORE THAN 20 FPS WHILE PLAYING.LOOT IT STILL RARE AND JUST SPEND OVER AN HOUR SEARCHING FOR FOOD BEFORE DYING OF STARVING TO DEATH.UPDATE- ITS LEFT ALPHA, GOD KNOWS HOW, STILL VERY UNFINISHED, ZOMBIES STILL GO THOUGH OBJECTS AND WALLS, NEAR TO NO LOOT SPAWNS,AVOID AT ALL COSTS"
,Not Recommended,221100,22544299,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,metropolisfreestyle,"This game had so much promise, and so much potential. I was happy to pay near the price of a finshed game for the steaming turd that was Dayz when it was released. I was treated to a laggy, buggy, near-broken game. I loved it. Every glitchy, zombie-walking-thru-the-wall moment of it. I was just happy to be part of something upon release, and I was so excited to watch it grow.Then it started selling. A lot.The money rolling in, the devs having made nearly no improvements.Dean Hall leaves. This is the DayZ equivalent to realizing Half Life 3 isn't coming.The game starts to get updates! Yay!It's just new hats and pants. Everything else still broken.Three years later, the game is no more playable than it was upon release. IMHO it's actually more broken.Do not buy this game. We as consumers need to start saying no to alpha access games that we have to pay for. Dayz's team already made their money, what incentive is there to finish the game? They will all eventually ""Dean Hall"" it and just bail and start a new project that they can sell to us unfinished.TL;DR, Go buy another game. Come back when DayZ Standalone goes into Beta. Somewhere around 2020."
76561198034170954,Not Recommended,221100,21120765,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Swimmer,Car Mechanics=not yet compleat. / Survival Mechanics-Done...yep i can survive on apples from trees but now i need to search for three hours for a canteen because my hands have holes in them evidently and that empty can from the food i just ate wont work. / Loot mechanics- yo dawg i heard you did not get loot so we revamped the loot to a new system to give you loot without giving more loot. / Bace Buliding- Heres a tent heres a barel their going to disapeer soon and theirs a minifridge that you cant pick up might as well just camp it out in an aprartment. / Hunting-What hunting? that chicken i saw 9 hours ago that had esp and ran away faster than a sports hatchback? / But dont worry its kk we give you rpg your life compleat much leet. (And dont even say well its in alpha i will slap you so fast your unborn kids will have an affinity for atari.) THE LAST TIME A GAME TOOK THIS LONG TO DEVELOPE was duke nukem forever ago >.> but dont worry the fans will be all up in arms over this because the water looks more like water than it ever has in the past 2 years so its kk alpha cost as much as it does. Way to cling to the coattails of a corpse.
,Not Recommended,221100,21878675,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Huzberd,"At this moment I can't recommend it, full of bugs and not optimised at all.-1"
76561198034702200,Not Recommended,221100,21878998,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Chicken,trash
76561198067783662,Not Recommended,221100,22441531,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,i-pooped-my-thong,"bought the game when hype was big, years later it still wont even run. just thought i had to get a better rig, i have an i7 4700 8 gigs ram gtx 860m and am tired of looking at it. just a reminder of disappiontment from my past. i had it permenently removed from my account."
,Not Recommended,221100,23268069,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Nacht Ripper,"Been following the game since the Arma II mod, highly stoked for this standalone release for steam. It was definetly an alpher i HAD to have on launch. That being said, i've played 101 hours so far and that might not be changing anytime soon....Pros:-Great time killer...(too much of one in situations)-Great thrill of finding loot/tactics-Great time exploring in new places-Great community in the beginning (When NO ONE could find a gun, or ammo for the gun.)-Great times trying to navigate through a Russian wasteland not knowing a bit of Russian...-Great adrenaline moments, whether it was zombies swarming, players shooting, or wondering if this ladder or door was going to kill you-Weather dynamic and strategy depended on several thingsCons:-HUGE time wasted running through nothingness..-Got attached to all my equipment so it got nerve racking to play, (point of the game i know)-NEVER trust your dot to shoot! (lol)-Weird scary cult like crazy people eating peoples legs at the now removed military/airfield on the south coast line-Mentally broken down crazies chasing after you trying to punch you to death-Zombies are buggy, they are working on them currently but it was horrible!-Walking/Running simulator-HOSTILE community-A once very PICKY and OCD devoloper that was stonewalling advancement of game concepts (Rocket, maker of ALPHER, no longer the owner of the project he made)-Getting too realistic with concepts, it was enjoyable for a while and now its just too much in my opinion-Not a game to casually pick up and play and quit anytime, you have to dedicate ALOT of time to one sit down and play session-Feels like NOTHING has been accomplished since release, they are working on it but theres nothing keeping me to play-Has big plans for future stuff but i serouisly doubt these plans will be soon or worth it-Not shooting a newb minding his own business and then because of that 2/3 of the team i play with gets gunned down-No one talks on mic comms, unless having a mental break down-ALOT of mental breakdowns, lol..-Server based loot (Only so many can spawn in ALL the servers, last i knew)-No fast paced setting playthroughs, be nice for advanced options for servers to have the quicker style gameplayI really loved the concept and all the hype i had for it. Maybe i had more hype than i should have for this game. I'll check in another 3 years and see how they are doing. In my current opinion, it was fun for the first 50 hours or so, after that it just got insanely repetitive, long, and drawn out. I can't really recommend this in the long run, that is the only reason why i dont recommend this game. Was really hoping this game would blow everything out of the water...but it didn't for me."
,Not Recommended,221100,22354013,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,mr.viruS|#[           ],if you like barbies and dressing up then buy this. Sad to see a good game die out all because no one has the vision to make dayz great again.
76561198110984559,Not Recommended,221100,22555983,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,hooligan321,this game is a huge disapointment. it  had huge potential but Rocket got his pockets full of cash and walked away from the project leaving it half finished.
,Not Recommended,221100,22338004,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Zonex,"I´m really, really sry, but no.DayZ is a survival, open-world game based on series like ""The Walking Dead"", but is placed in Russia.U can do what ever u want and ur only enemies are zombies (and sometimes players).If u played the Arma 2 version, u probably bought this game, because it´s a standalone game and not a mod anymore, so it´s all about DayZ and not Arma. BUT there is one problem: The game isn´t finished yet. And it´s been not finished and it won´t ever be.I´m sry Bohemia Interactive, but u lost it. This game is still in alpha phase since 2013 and there weren´t big updates by now and even IF there was an update and i missed it, then it was something not important and buggy. For 3 years zombies could actually go through walls, people died randomly, because of....something?, items were used and were still there or couldn´t be used, graphic bugs and the list doesn´t stop.If u really like survial or open-world games or both, then buy games like Rust or play the Arma 2 mod instead. Rust is maybe an alpha game, but there aren´t a lot bugs than in DayZ.4/10: Not Recommended."
,Not Recommended,221100,21237450,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sakko Sakke,I missed a bus and had better time at the airport for the same amount of money than with this pile of bug ridden piece of alpha trash.
76561198126460031,Not Recommended,221100,18464532,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,PaPa DiNK,THE GRAPHICS SUCK IF U DONT HAVE AN OK COMPUTER
76561198126412979,Not Recommended,221100,18944411,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[TTF] Amn. HoloYolo,"This game is utter crap. I bought it back in January of 2014, when alpha made sense. Me and my uncles would find some tents, guns, and food, and camp in the mountains. We would enjoy shooting and kidnapping people as they passed by, and we enjoyed raiding towns for supplies and ammo. Once, we found a military base, and we got ourselves some nifty M4s. Fast foward to present day. Alpha is creeping on its 2nd year. The game is glitcher than other alphas, and updates are as rare as aliens in real life. You can be in space, and the zombies could still hit you. Your gun can never get ammo loaded into it as it's rare and glitchy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ This should be renamed to Don't Buy or Glitchy Zombie Hell. Worst video game I have ever touched. They should give us the 40$ we paid for this mound of crap back."
,Not Recommended,221100,22487933,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,NAHFAM123467,DayZ Mod > Standalone
,Not Recommended,221100,21831781,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,BasePlate,The reason I shy away from early access - Lies from the Dev team and a game that feels so far from complete it's abysmal
,Not Recommended,221100,20885398,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Fletcher,"Ive been punched more times then I count, everytime its the sameSurvivor: ""Hey you friendly?""Me: ""Yes""Survivor: *Knocks me out, takes my socks*"
76561197963533944,Not Recommended,221100,22484647,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,SaltyAF,"DayZ use to be pretty awesome, I check in every couple of months to see whats going on and I'm pretty embarassed.  I'm actually going to scream ""scam"" here, because there are no longer zombies.  Yep, no zombies.  Its reduced to very poor quantities of loot spawns, resulting in axe yielding Eastern Europeans citing Obama.  Random?  Anyway, game has really lost its charm, I've waited almost what two years now?  Two years and deteroirating gameplay with obnoxious players, this game is nothing more than a jogging simulator without zombies or loot.  So if you would like to run around not finding anything even remotely useful, searching the same cookie cutter model houses, then this is your game.  If you're looking for something along the lines of, say, any other game out there thats playable to even a small extent? No, this isn't your game. 2/10, and I gave it a 2/10 not a 1/10 because they didn't change the logo.  At least the logo stayed true."
,Not Recommended,221100,21579531,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,✪ datguyputte 💪,I would never ever recommend this game. The game is just bad in all aspects.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄ dayz▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198004982026,Not Recommended,221100,21891606,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Chimodawg,The mod released years ago is better than the 'stand alone' game we have now.
76561198040645951,Not Recommended,221100,22735849,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Badboy,"Fix the major glitches such as not being able to loot bodies on grass and mountins or hills , this game is about looting and there is a major loot glitchs and you gus are not fixing it since months , not to mention the other uncountable glitches like people diving inside police station and glitching in it also in hospital , and fix your trashy reporting system oh wait i forgot there is no one anyway lol, dayz is gold but the company is useless and rediculous they dont deserve owning this game because they are killing it instead of improving it . Thumbs down for this company"
,Not Recommended,221100,20738858,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Planet Coaster Enthusiast,"This game is complete trash.  The devs work on the dumbist♥♥♥♥♥♥in the world.  They are more focused with adding in jackets and farming while loot spawning and simple game mehcanics dont work.  Most of the time when I find a gun or something actually usefull rather than a ♥♥♥♥ing jacket(which is what you will nearly ALWAYS FIND, or a beany) I cant even pick it up. Other times, loot is stuck under objects and  is also not ""lootable"".  As soon as you start the game they are sure to remind you that you are playing an alpha.  Well I'll tell you one thing,  this game is total♥♥♥♥♥♥and is more like in ""zed"" stage (being that it's really ♥♥♥♥ing far back from being a real game).  It was a complete waste of my money and anyone else who has it.  Now they plan to add in dogs and other♥♥♥♥♥♥to kill you while the zombies are still glitching through walls.... as though theres not enough wrong with the game already...they have the worst dev team I've ever seen and continue to bring content that nobody needs nor wants instead of fixing the game.  In general I spend 1-2 hours looting in order to find a gun and ammo as well as a backpack... normal I find a gun in about 25-30 minutes but never any ammo just making me a bigger target...the list of bad things continues...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198131894582,Not Recommended,221100,21898637,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,georgepg upgrade.gg,whenever I open the application my cursor cannot be seen on the screen which makes it very difficult to play the game
,Not Recommended,221100,22958058,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Selur,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ community full of hackers, nuff said."
,Not Recommended,221100,23189649,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,NawA RJACK,Game sucks.
76561198210306463,Not Recommended,221100,21846661,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Nubie,big map.  no funny
76561198044247141,Not Recommended,221100,21874971,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,CZ_Jesus,This game made me learn not to invest into Early Access. Bohemia Interactive shame on you!
,Not Recommended,221100,22645896,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,IKamin,Buy this game on start. But after 2+ years it is in early access. I don`t know why I spent 35$ for this rotten game.Developers are lying about many things.
76561198252801080,Not Recommended,221100,22962740,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,alexthemaster5,"95% is running and trying to find gear which is almost impossible and the other 5% is dying from cheaters as its full of them.the game is also glichy as ♥♥♥♥,items disappear and zombies are glichy too."
76561198078384229,Not Recommended,221100,23011893,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,TheWarthog,"These guys are the slowest Devs on the planet earth. I INVESTED in this game years ago now, and I've seen very little return on my INVESTMENT, and then when you complain they act like you're some entitled prick. I don't know bout you but in a normal business world if someone needs money to start up something, you can usually look for a return on that investment, in this case my return I was looking for was a working game, which is very slow to come. Their PR is pathetic, they want to just take a dump on your chest and you to enjoy that and not expect more."
76561197975663979,Not Recommended,221100,31345135,Posted: 24 April,all,AboVe`,"This game should be suspended from the marketplace. It will never be completed.Right now, end April 2017, its full of bugs and is basically unplayable. I bought this game nearly 3 years ago and expected it to come out of Alpha at some point but I think its actually worse now that it was 2 years ago.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,221100,23271529,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Smexy⋆,worst game I ever bought. after 3 years and even the smallest bug existed back then is still existing now.
,Not Recommended,221100,22538791,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,lanzamiento,big turd game no buy it suck real bad
,Not Recommended,221100,22540976,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Secular Haze,"Updated review to be a bit more fair.I started with DayZ when it was a free mod for Arma 2. So naturally, I bought this as soon as I could. The game has come a long way; although at this point, it's a bit questionable. I was unable to play for a few years, and I returned a few days ago, and quite honestly, not much has changed. Yes there's more loot- weapons, clothes, etc, although some stuff you can't even pick up, and zombies are practically not a threat despite being in the game .. kind of. At this point in time, I'm probably returning to the original mod. Despite being early access for years now, not much has changed with this standalone from now  compared to when it was first put on steam- except for more loot.PROS:Fun social experiments. It's like combining Reddit and ♥♥♥♥♥ when you hop on a server.Adrenaline rushing PvP combat.Satisfying guns.CONS:I drove a canteen of water like it was a boat.Zombies are not a threat.Bad optimization; I have a brand new, and good tower, this game runs terribly even with everything as low as possible.Dean left development.Very slow progress- still early access alpha after years of work."
76561198027260306,Not Recommended,221100,25739681,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sporkwater,"Development cycle is taking too long. This game appears to not have any plans releasing a beta, let alone a full release - by the time it does, the engine, graphics, and genre will be outdated and 5 (plus?) years too late."
,Not Recommended,221100,25780721,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Karlus Bojangles,"Still prefer the Mod,wish they had just polished and bug fixed that instead of making this boring buggy mess."
,Not Recommended,221100,24118382,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Buster Douglas,"♥♥♥♥ you Bohemia Interactive, they stole my money.EDIT:They are back to updating this game. DO.NOT.BE.FOOLED! They are just trying to keep up with PUBG to grab as much cash as possible."
,Not Recommended,221100,30113699,Posted: 22 February,all,radrizzo,How long has this been in EA? Years.
,Not Recommended,221100,22480047,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Colt,Pretty dull. There are more games that are offered that have better experiences than this. The mod is 20x better as well. Running around for an hour and having nothing to show for it is super fun.
76561198030997331,Not Recommended,221100,25402823,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,broncoian2,Just look at the release date
,Not Recommended,221100,26131013,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Bjørg,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Я.ЗРЯ ПОТРАТИЛ ДЕНЬГИ!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,29105807,Posted: 7 January,all,Pysiek,"3+ YEARS OF ALPHA3+ YEARS OF LIES3+ YEARS OF A BROKEN GAME3+ YEARS WE READ YOUR ALPHA MESSAGETHOUSANDS OF US SAY....Early Access This!....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,221100,29130121,Posted: 8 January,all,-J&A- Mama Doge,You can't look up in this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,33197996,Posted: 3 July,all,flotterbackes,"Perfect example of why buying games in early access ""might"" be a bad idea.EDIT:Taken straight from the store page of DayZ as of 03.07.2017:Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?“At the current time the core development of the base DayZ game is projected to run between 2.5 to 3.5 years. (Putting the departure from Early Access at approximately mid 2017)”Let's wait and see."
76561198013698189,Not Recommended,221100,25412541,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,The Sweetmeister,3 years on and still in early access!!!!! Think that says all you need to know!
,Not Recommended,221100,31223330,Posted: 18 April,all,Prof. Dr. Mett. Dent. Gaeb Nooel,Simply a bad game which is stuck in Early Access forever.
,Not Recommended,221100,32434072,Posted: 15 June,all,K FOR KRAZI,"I bought this game on 3 different accounts since 2013 to support the developer of this game. While the idea behind this game is great, it has sadly been delivered in a terrible fashion. IN 4 YEARS IT IS STILL IN PRE-ALPHA DISPLAYING THE SAME MESSAGE AS IN 2013! It is terribly flawed as zombies make no sense, there is no loot to be found, physics are broken and the developers have forgotten about it. It has now become a hack fest. Instead of buying this game buy Miscreated instead."
76561198330689332,Not Recommended,221100,32498195,Posted: 17 June,all,Matt Mulvi,games trash
76561198062796891,Not Recommended,221100,14467820,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Nickrak,"This game makes me quite sad, it is based off of a mod by the same name and was meant to be a bigger and better version of the original mod. This game has been in development for a year and has had almost no work done to it. The developer has given up on this game and I am dissapointed in Rocket for doing that. I will give this game a 4/10 for what little is there and for nostalgias sake."
,Not Recommended,221100,19536811,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Wabbit,is not k
76561198092795036,Recommended,221100,27029300,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FrodoTheRipper,"Ok here goes my 100% review of DayZ Standalone Early Access.  This game is about you and how you can survive there is no right way to play this game, you can be a salesman on the coast, a scary psycho clown that kills and tortures people, a survivor who lives of the land that hunts and fish, theres a billion different playstlyes you can use to play with.   The map size is 225 squared Kilometers and is always getting bigger with every patch and more interesting.  The game never ever plays out the same it can be one of the most rewarding experiences when you get to meet and teamup with fellow survivors and become life long friends, i've met 5 people that I play with almost every day in DayZ Standalone.  Theres just so much content in this game that people dont explore or use its mindblowing.  I have 1,400 hours in this game and I have yet to say to myself how I regret this purchase.  BUT this game is not perfect it still has lots of problems the game is far from finished it still has a host of things yet to be added to the game.  So the reason I have 100% faith in this game getting finished is the Dev Team they are proabably the most underrated game developers I have every heard about they are working and slaving over this game and they have so much passion for this game, if only all of you where watching there Twitter feed and read there status reports off there website(https://dayz.com/)you would know that Dev team cares more than any of us.  I have been playing the Experimental branch (0.61 EXP) for the past 3 weeks and I haven't seem them release so many hotfixes and patches before, every single day they have come out with a patch to fix or add atleast 2 things.  Every one is talking about how this game is taking 3 years to develop blah blah blah its for GOOD REASON its not just because there slow or dont care its because they keep deciding to add more things to make this the greatest game it can be they are practically remaking the whole flippin game by completly remaking a new game enigine which came with the latest stable patch (0.60) which improved everything from FPS to how the game looks, they just added a new sound engine to the experimentla branch and I have never heard of more realistic gunshots and animal noises.  They are redoing a new player controller to make the game way more smooth and realistic.  But if you havent sunk  1400 hours like me and my friends and than you have only touched the tip of the iceberg because theres so much I have yet to explore or find or do.  If you are on the fence of making this purchase for this game please do some more research and watch some youtube and twitch streams.  So see you all in Chernarus!"
,Not Recommended,221100,8768339,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Mr. Tea | ChallengeMe.GG,"In it's current state the game is very VERY boring compared to the mod DayZ. The lack of food, drink and zombies in the south of Cherno is a massive waste. The mod version of DayZ (and the many modded version of that) are all more interesting and fun to play than the standalone in it's current form. It's, currently, not a very good game and was built up due to hype.Would not reccomend... yet."
,Not Recommended,221100,30677744,Posted: 22 March,all,magicboobiez,"Don't believe the devs updates, they only post them so people would think they are actually trying to improve the game"
76561198055768672,Not Recommended,221100,29762520,Posted: 7 February,all,SplitterZitrone,"The product I payed for was never delivered.Despite all the money Bohemia made during Early Access, they delivered less than a free mod did. It's a shame they call themselves developers."
76561198036989288,Not Recommended,221100,34370196,Posted: 20 August,all,Trillest,"The dayz community blows, everyone you see will kill you, and the game is a poor mans king of the kill and battlegrounds unknown.I wish the com wasn't a bunch of scared ♥♥♥♥♥ trigger happy, untrusting, mischevous players, but it is.probably wont change due to amount of people who bought the game to play it like bg unknown.i don't recommend because you will be fustrated at the amount of players who are total scumbagsi've never killed someone ingame, i try to avoid people due to the amount of total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i won't change the way i play in order to suit the majority of players playing, but i hope the fun will die off for them soon enough ;)"
,Not Recommended,221100,23419642,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Kaptin Skullbitz,no
,Recommended,221100,8550489,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,RostTech,"Got killed by invisible zombies, 10/10"
,Recommended,221100,8315571,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Anradil,Zombies walk through walls.10/10
76561197972065574,Not Recommended,221100,15788920,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Indic@,Waste of time and money and dont blame the developers but steam for supporting it and making people buy it
,Recommended,221100,9296239,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,MC,Running Simulator 2014:Beautiful game as long as you have a friend to carry along! Try not to get scared :D10/10
76561198079603124,Not Recommended,221100,13202298,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Sykes,"Just wait until they fix the current mess this game is in. Hopefully that won't be too long, but I've seen very little progress in a year, to be honest I think they should'nt have released the game like this. DO NOT BUY if you want a finished game, or buy it before they increase the price again."
,Not Recommended,221100,30626100,Posted: 19 March,all,Driver,"DayZ is a unfinised zombie game that the creator himself dropped out of. For years. DayZ has been in Early Acess with little to no actual 'updates' to it. You cannot even refund this game, let that be known. DayZ will forever be stuck in dev hell and most likely will just be scraped, if it really isn't already. Steer clear of this one, it had a great idea but they just bailed out on us."
,Not Recommended,221100,33623411,Posted: 17 July,all,Dule Savić,"this game had so much potential a few years ago, but it's gone nowhere..."
,Not Recommended,221100,30903075,Posted: 2 April,all,[BUTT] Sexy Angelo,Don't Even.
,Not Recommended,221100,29750061,Posted: 6 February,all,czappe,"WORST ♥♥♥♥ING PIECE OF GARBAGE I'VE EVER BOUGHT. GIVE ME MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK.Bought it when it got released - quit playing soon afterwards, uninstalled - now im back 4 years later and it still sucks♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198115269711,Not Recommended,221100,30330275,Posted: 4 March,all,DudeNamedDru,Straight up buttcheeks ............ and not the good kind.
76561198012833532,Not Recommended,221100,22660899,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"I would very much like to recommend this game, it has great potential, so many things you can do in it, hunting, getting sick and getting better, cooking your food, interacting with people - from which the most funny, interesting and depressing moments arise. I have this game for more than 2 years and they still havent managed to put it in beta, not even speaking about full release. So many bugs are not patched at all and the worst thing is optimalization. I have decent gaming PC and it lags all the time on low graphics settings, it is umplayable most of the time. Might be great, but maybe it will never be."
,Not Recommended,221100,21943814,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Er1k,"This game was really nice when it came out, it was buggy but nice. At the moment there isn't anything in the game, that gets me to say: HELL YEAH! THIS IS A GREAT GAME!Pl0x bohemmiaa, u nied tu fyx dis gamm"
,Not Recommended,221100,22540756,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Boyd Doghouse,Had the game since the Early Access was first released and since then I have only played 19.1 hours. Why? The game is broken and unoptimized and the game is still in Early Access!
,Not Recommended,221100,22608073,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,OmoTGL,Boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am now proceeding the waking of my arm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
,Not Recommended,221100,23014065,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,jewishhoney,"I find it funny how this game recommends a GTX 570 and an i5-2300, yet I have a gtx 980 TI and an i7-6700k and I can barely run this game."
76561197993074335,Not Recommended,221100,23390783,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,'no',"years later, still a scam"
,Not Recommended,221100,23908098,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sumwan,"While I had fun when this game was first released, after waiting for years with no reasonable release date or any significant updates in sight, I can't recommend this game. In its current state you reach end game in around two hours, then there is nothing to do anymore. Despite an updated engine, DayZ still has frequent FPS drops in the cities. The zombies are a buggy mess, as are movement and animation. This game might be finished some time in 2020. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,221100,20740957,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,JOHN Cena,I can't even ♥♥♥♥ing refund this game because I played too many hours. It's been in Alpha for 3 YEARS! And barely anything has been done to this ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. I wish I could refund this.
76561198070282651,Not Recommended,221100,20726723,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Ace,AlphaZ:the standAlpha
,Not Recommended,221100,25152109,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,oprogromowowanie,"26 Aug, 2016:I'm not feeling sad about wasting hours on this game cause they were fun. But for the ♥♥♥♥ sake just don't buy this. At least not now. And after most of recent ♥♥♥♥ed up updated I don't have hope that this game will ever have no gamebreaking bug or something like this. BI ♥♥♥♥ you and ♥♥♥♥ your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ development. Hackers are posting more stuff about added stuff to internal build that devs. Just no, don't give them more money.6 Mar, 2017:19 Dec 2016 we got 0.61 update. It's main objective was to fix sound by implementing new sound engine. The problem is that 2 years ago sound was fine. Until today we had to wait for RE-ADDING vehicles - 11 weeks to solve easy problem about persistence. Looks like only guys that work hard in BI are guys that make textures and 3d models. Those are really well made and I can't say a bad word on this one. But there is this lazy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that can't add them to actual game (team leader???). Idk who is this but he makes game look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ If point of alpha stage is adding new things, not bug fixing, why the ♥♥♥♥ are they working ( xD working xD ) on fixing the cars for 11 weeks and while not letting us having fun even with bugged them?Beta was supposed to hit on around start of 2016. Haha! Nice joke! From 2016 to 2017 we had 6 updates and most of them (if not all of them, I don't remember too well) had bugs that made dayz not playable at all. Community is toxic sludge - I made very long post on reddit about how I feel about this game, wanted to talk with some people to check am I only one that is disappointed how this game could be nice. My post got removed after 30 min. Try saying bad words on those lazy pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥(BI dayz team). 20+ downvotes + all the comments how nice they work and ""You don't know how to make game then shut the ♥♥♥♥ up!!!111onoenoe"". No. I know how to make a game and that's why I am so disappointed by dayz. This game could be fixed by a team that knows how their own game engine works and wants to make dayz a best survival game. I don't want to blame bugs, glitches, lags, lack of content. I want to blame dev team because they do nothing to fix this game. And still - don't give them more money - 3,617,627 ± 53,492 sold copies is enought money//steamspy.com"
,Not Recommended,221100,25293024,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,PROWER,"I've never written a review, but i feel compeled for this one.First and foremost, english is not my native language, so excuse any gramatical mistakes.So... ive thrown money away at some stupid things in my life, god, ive probably spended over 500 hundred bucks on Dota 2 cosmetic stuff alone. Ive bought a 1000 bucks spinning bike like 6 months ago, and never used it, and the list goes on and on.But let me say, none of that compares to the felling of buying this game.Everything started in 2013... Somehow, seeing the hype of this game, and the ongoing top Seller trend, i sadly bought it. Needless to say, it shouldnt even be called an ""Pré Alpha"", there wasnt no game, it was just an running simulator with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics and low fps.So, 3 years later, and the game is still unfinished, and very little has been improved.And there's no excuses possible for this.I'm an programmer and have a computer science degree, so let me say this, even a group of monkeys could finish this game in 2 years. The game is running a third party engine, it have no story, it doesn´t have artistic work, no VA to record. Its just scripting and bug fixing.The Devs of this game, probably grabbed all the money, got out, and hired a bunch of brainless interns to work on the game.I wish there were some king of legal measure to take agains this ""Scam"" called a game, but sadly there aren't many laws of the kind."
76561198052189514,Not Recommended,221100,25422642,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,steveba50,This game is an alpha scam and vaporware....Steam should be refunding all purchasers as there is no active development of this game.You've been warned.
76561197988127247,Not Recommended,221100,25735777,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Easyrunner,"Although I really enjoy survival games and the apocalyptic zombie setting and after playing it quite some time I can't recommend this game.It truly is the father of a whole game genre but it got outperformed by many other games while being in a barely playable to not playable state in it's alpha phase for over 2.5 years. The development is very slow (last patch came out over two months ago) and patches give new problems most of the time besides adding very little content. Due to it's age, the game doesn't even look very good compared to many of it's competitors.I watched the development of this game since the beginning of the alpha and tried playing it every few patches, but lost faith in the possibility of it just reaching a consistently playable state. It is very sad that they didn't even reach the state of the old Mod in a lot of aspects."
,Not Recommended,221100,23347243,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Rundoth,worst game ı have ever played.
76561198010347988,Not Recommended,221100,25315225,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Francis,Finish your game already.
76561198010383174,Not Recommended,221100,25423867,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MG Glenn,I bought this game about three years ago and it still feels exactly the same (Broken). Everyone no matter play time should be entitled to a refund because lets face it this is never going to get finished.
76561198080947240,Not Recommended,221100,25426869,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ⁿᵉºᵐ,bad game
76561197978441202,Not Recommended,221100,23899061,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Polishkruk,"Supported this back in 2012 when it was first announced. Back then BI and Rocket said they were going to do a 12 month workup. Fix the bugs, polish it up and have it ready by Christmas. Obviously its been a few years. An engine change that created more problems than its solved. Seriously the DayZ mod has better functionality and content than the standalone. So yourself a favor, if you want zombies buy Arma 2:OA for $10 and download the mod. Don't touch this."
76561198125851525,Not Recommended,221100,24459333,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,starsdust,"i have got this game from the start and still the physics and the environment and the loot system in this game it is not good at all ,and this game has only 5 houses that copy paste everywhere and there is no wild life , honestly i don't think there is much work has been but in this game .."
76561198091007692,Not Recommended,221100,16836072,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,SoMuchGulag,"I hate writing bad reviews to games but I feel I am doing a CIVIL SERVICE by writing a bad review for this game. DO NOT BUY THIS BROKEN PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!My computer FAR EXCEEDS the recommended requirments for this game and run this on low 720p and get 10FPS in main cities. PITIFUL-""But, but this game is in alpha you have to give it patience.""-I have given this game a year and a half of patience. I have never seen a game in alpha for this long. Entire stable games have been developed in the time this game has been in alpha."
,Not Recommended,221100,23908303,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Chivalry,"I love this game, I really really do, and I won't stop playing it.But...The pace of development will most likely make this game old and clunky even after they renew the engine.The devs themselves are horrible when it comes to taking criticism.The original dev is gone :(  :(There is almost no logic to where and what you find  when it comes to loot.I am sad to say that I can't recommend anyone spending cash on this anymore."
76561198123828681,Not Recommended,221100,23299270,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Xkroma_51,Extreme waste of money!
,Not Recommended,221100,26077849,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Cali_Chronic,Was fun but bugged as ♥♥♥♥. Devs are pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄DayZ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,221100,17256847,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,McLov1n,I won't be alive by the time this game gets out of Early Access.0/10
,Not Recommended,221100,33315244,Posted: 6 July,all,Ryan_K,This is why early access games are a ♥♥♥♥ing scam
,Not Recommended,221100,18123238,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,spartan42800,"Dear anyone who is thinking about buying this, go up to the search bar in the upper right of the screen, type in ""Unturned"" and get that instead. Seriously. It is superrior in almost everyway (The graphics in this are signicantly better but that's it). Unturned is constantly bying updated and fixed, has ton's of good user created content, doesn't lag the **** out of your computer, is in essence everything that this stand alone should/could have been, and it's free. There is nothing good about the DayZ stand alone. And want to know the best part? This game was made by a heavily funded development group, and Unturned was made by a single 18 year old. A single 18 year old made a better game than the dev team of this game did. If the fact that this has beem in early access alpha for three ******* years didn't tip you off that it's terrible, I hope this review does. In short, don't waste your money, get a better game (Unturned) for free."
,Not Recommended,221100,33753303,Posted: 23 July,all,Jordan,This game is bad There is no map so you cant find each other if you have a conpanion by your side.it has good fps ill give it that but its boring in my opinion.
76561198063324650,Not Recommended,221100,22409364,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Bad_Boltz,"Back in the day, Dayz was a mod that everyone loved and played. The mod blew up and everyone who played enjoyed their gameplay alot. However Dayz standalone falls short of this experience that the mod delievered. The gameplay is boring and the game feels very empty even for an Alpha game, Players that were once feared are now never seen. Zombies that once were glitchy and broken are atleast actually there, whereas in all my time playing Dayz standalone i have ran into 5 zombies. Controls and inventory settings make the game almost impossible for new comers to learn or adapt to from the mod. All in all the game the game falls very short from expectaions. I would not suggest buying this empty sandbox of a game.Ratings:Gameplay 4/10Inventory and controls 4/10graphics 8/10multiplayer 4/10"
76561198055989301,Not Recommended,221100,22956374,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Specter97,"So, when I first played this game I was rather amazed by it. However after 2 years this game hasn't changed at all. The optimization is still ♥♥♥♥♥♥, zombies are nowhere to be found. But then, maybe one day after being KOS'd by 12 years old kids screaming into microphones like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you might actually find one zombie that is working on some sort of Dark Souls algorythm. It likes really to glitch through any object such as walls, building, even floors or you can't just hit it because the RV engine was never meant to be CQC, which also proves the fact that melee weapons are just simply useless. If you really want a solid survival game, ignore this game. Completely. It's still unfinished even after 3 years of developement and except the content there is nothing more. It's better for you to buy Arma X and then play the mod because somehow the fan made mod is even more stable and enjoyable than the official game made by skilled and experienced developers.But now, enough of cons. On the other side unlike the mod it's a little bit harder to survive in DayZ since the food supplies are little bit more limited. Also finding firearms is a lot harder since most of the times you may find a rifle, or ammo. The game has overall better horror atmosphere and the horror aspect since the DayZ is based on newer engine with better visuals. Also unlike the mod you can go through more buildings since ArmA 2 wasn't ever meant to be a surival game. If you go through the ArmA 2 campaign, you'll se why most of the buildings are unaccesible.So in the overall, I can't reccommend this game, although the fact it has improved at some point since the mod. The bugs, the fact that devs aren't still fixing the most game breaking bugs and the lack of zombies in ZOMBIE survival game is just sad. Also the fact that DayZ might never leave the early access stage is another no from me."
,Not Recommended,221100,13920478,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,SS Chad Thundercock,"Not worth buying at the moment, developers are lazy and the game is really going nowhere.Also it's less optimised than AC Unity."
76561198079521072,Not Recommended,221100,13440887,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Whit,SPEND 2 HOURS GEARING UP ONLY TO DIE FROM FALLING OFF OF A 5FT PORCH LEGS FIRST!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,22403761,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Apocaliptica,"No progress for 3 years, game was already as dead as on release. Dont buy."
76561198064608368,Not Recommended,221100,30350144,Posted: 5 March,all,semajsnikrep,HORRIBLE GAME. WASTE OF MONEY GOT A REFUND
,Not Recommended,221100,23298012,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Mon G. Lloyd,This game is autistic. It will never be released DO NOT BUY THISI REPEATDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISDO NOT BUY THISP.S. If you bought this you didn't read what I just wrote
,Recommended,221100,8563216,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Julian,best hiking simulator 2013 - nathan
76561197964305221,Recommended,221100,8242283,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,VaShNaRe,"It's been a long time coming since the mod, which I have played since August 2012. In my honest opinion, Dean 'Rocket' Hall delivers a lot of good immersive features to the standalone release. You literally 'feel' helpless to the environment around you, and have to scavenge items to survive. As far as other players go though, don't get me wrong: there are a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game who shoot on sight But for the more advanced, tactical person who pays attention to their surroundings, you will not only get the drop on someone, but have options at your disposal, like handcuffing a player and robbing him rather than shooting him etc. For instance, shooting a player damages whatever gear they're wearing, putting you at a disadvantage of looting and run and gunning. You pretty much survive the zombie apocalypse in a desolate post-soviet Russia however you want to, thinking tactically and being patient to survive. It plays smoother than the mod, however lacks a lot of the bells and whistles that that mod currently has, including vehicles. I no doubt believe they will be added throughout the course of this game though."
,Recommended,221100,10268080,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,feed l0rd,"Broke my leg whilst walking up a stair,had to crawl for an hour.10/10 would crawl again"
,Recommended,221100,8595231,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Honeybadger,Injected my friend with my blood and he died 10/10
76561198020879847,Not Recommended,221100,14665055,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Kentucky502,"For the love of Gabe please don't buy this game. Even he would feel bad about selling this ""game"" to people."
,Recommended,221100,8638930,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Scotty - 2 - Hotty,"I found a can of beans. Another player saw me find the can and decided to fight me for them. Epic duel to the death with axes commenced over the can. A thrid player saw us fighting, pulled out a rifle, shot us both and took the beans.10/10."
,Not Recommended,221100,13803625,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lighty,"Mod made full blown game? Sounds great! Worked for Counterstrike, Team Fortress, Day of Defeat, Garry's Mod, DOTA, and several other great games.One common thing in all of those examples is that whatever the mod was, it was done better in almost every way in the full game.That is not what is done with DayZ Standalone.Normally, even when a mod first goes to game status, its atleast a couple steps foward. This takes a right hand turn and walks off a cliff. Several game breaking mechanics (melee, loot, servers) are still in place and never improved upon. Useless features(farming, cooking, books, pink dresses) are pointlessly added. Useful features(vehicles, camps, ghillie suit,) that where already in the original mod take almost a year to throw back in.Heres the thing that irks me the most.You can not own your own server under the pretense that it is an alpha. You must purchase/rent a server from a hosting service, and even then, you must follow their strict set of rules on a server you are paying for. Heres some of the rules you have to follow, or else your server will be taken down, and no refunds given.You may NOT change your servers slotsYou may NOT password your serverYour server MUST contain the version number and whether it is Regular or Hardcore. ie. (Regular|Hardcore) VERSIONYour server must NOT have a NO KILL policy""But its in alpha! They are only one year in a three year development process!""No. DayZ Standalone was in development for over a year before it was released into ""alpha"". If anything, its year two of four, so far I have pumpkins, a pink dress, and less stuff than what I had 2 years ago when I was playing the mod.All DayZ Standalone does is make me want to play the mod again. The only pros I can give standalone is its inventory mechanic, modular weapons, and new features in the map, such as new cities/towns.Everything else is a con."
76561198042106096,Not Recommended,221100,35033020,Posted: 17 September,all,[558]Greedo187,this game is failure and broken promises.
,Not Recommended,221100,16936050,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jules,"I have over 600 games so it means a lot when I say this is in fact the worst purchase I have ever made. I bought this game nearly two years ago when it was 'early access alpha' and here I sit now with it still being 'early access alpha' with next to zero progress. This is the biggest money grab in years. The developers cashed in and are sitting on millions from selling this game as an alpha and seem to have no intention on finishing it.If there were ever an instance when a class action lawsuit were justified in the video game world this is it.Do. Not. Buy.What is worse is steam refunds are a joke -- apparently Steam never sold 'junk' prior to 6 months ago. Try to request a refund on a game that has been EARLY ACCESS for TWO YEARS and they go ""sorry, didn't happen 6 months ago or sooner.""Joke all around. Too bad it is on me. Don't let it be on you too. Avoid this game!"
,Not Recommended,221100,34887953,Posted: 11 September,all,pLeBpOoL,This game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Or atleast I think so.1 hard to find stuff.. (usefull stuff)2 very bad controls and mechanics3 U break ur legs if u fall of a decimeter tall rock.4 zombies will ♥♥♥♥ you up. (they are to overpowered)5 80% of the game is just u running from things.6 you cant find your friends... you have to find a map and a compass. and that is very rare.7 it has been in early access for along long time now.I want my money back. Bought it along time ago but it just sucks.
,Not Recommended,221100,33305235,Posted: 6 July,all,Spiky Michael,Dead.
76561198237536262,Not Recommended,221100,16915717,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,theschofields666,this game is awful.
,Not Recommended,221100,16932133,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,toxic zombie,7 days to die is better. They put crap in their game people give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about.
76561198016067798,Not Recommended,221100,17692129,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,ComeOnTARS,"If they would make an effort to fix this game instead being selfish and banning people who criticize it in forums or twitter, this game would be amazing. DO NOT GIVE YOUR MONEY TO THESE CROOKS!"
76561198007830513,Not Recommended,221100,34913919,Posted: 12 September,all,Dathosaur,"How is this game so♥♥♥♥♥♥with a $126,000,000 budget and years of development!I dont know the team members developing this game, but they need to be fired and never rehired in the gaming industry ever again."
76561197988552503,Not Recommended,221100,34894005,Posted: 11 September,all,Scary Terry,"I've had this game since release, and I have to say I'm dissappointed with the development thusfar."
76561198073699409,Not Recommended,221100,24107336,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Harry,"Don't buy it. Don't bother. It's unfinished, it's boring and it's unfixable. Sure it was fun at first, and the novelty was great, but it wears thin VERY quick. It can have some element of fun if you play with some friends, but you end up spending the majoirty of your time trying to ifnd eachother which is HORRENDOUS. Leave now while you can and don't waste your time."
76561198003233840,Not Recommended,221100,16914690,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,GG Alien,Nope. Do not buy otherwise you'll be stuck in the same 'circle of hell' as me.This was clearly my fault for buying into this clever shill.The development has stalled and DayZ remained almost the same -- since Day 1 with barely any changes.Despite what the fanboys and devs had defended about this game; Day Z is not coming to life anytime soon. It is almost near the end of 2015 and this game is far from 1/4 complete.This game will be a longer wait.Heed my warning.
76561198139713405,Not Recommended,221100,16916704,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,CRABST3R,I cannot recommend a game that is not being updated or fixed.. I have four other alpha games all get updates at least once a month. some have a set date each month like every 15 days some even update throughout the week.. this game barley has a update once a year. even wreckfest a game that got so much hate for not updating updates its game more then dayz and have less bugs and performance issues.. so no i cannot recommend this game at this time. what a shame i like alpha games like this to and to see the developers run for the hills with the money is a damn shame.
,Not Recommended,221100,18444154,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,ThisThing,"This game is a total scam. Please read further to know why I think this.I started playing this with a friend. We were pretty dedicated to the game and we joined a RP server.Here we had enormous amounts of fun. We would play this game 24/7.Yet this was only due to the people we played with. The game has absolutely NOTHING for the lone player.If you are not able to join an RP server, you can still have loads of fun IF YOU HAVE SOMEONE TO PLAY WITH.This is the sickest and most boring game, if you play it alone. The game has forced players to behave like this:1. You can almost never start any activities, or anything at all with strangers. They will kill you.2. The only thing you can do SOLO, is to jump to empty servers and get geared up. Then go to a full server and camp.3. There are ZERO activities to do. You can build a tomato plant... Wow...4. There are very known places elite players/groups wait for people that comes for the already taken, rare equipment.5. When you have a weapon, you are left with poor melee combat, but decent ranged combat.This forced almost all players to play in the same style. Loot -> Camp -> Kill someone from behind. There are not much else to do. Trying to make a survival camp with survivors , so you can rebuild society? Well you will get shot from 800 meter aways, before you even get the shovel into the ground. The Killer have been laying here for 1.5 hour, waiting for a random newspawn to wander by. I don't blame this behavior, or look down upon it. This is simply the only way to have fun. If you are playing singleplayer... Oh my god... Welcome to: ""The Long Walk in the Forest-simulator"", or ""Open cans all day, every day-simulator. You spend 9/10 of the time walking/running from one point to another. Zombies are so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the AI is just .. Like a toaster. So you will quickly get bored of fighting the same 5 skins toasters, with very very bad melee combat. Then after running 9/10 of the time, you are constantly exhausted and ranged combat is just hopeless, as the scope is affected by the exhaustion. Very realistic yes, but when you do nothing else but run... When are u not exhausted ?The game never changes. The updates are in the form of the Zombies being able to go through walls, to ALMOST not being able to go through walls. A nice update, but not when it takes 3 years to make. The only way to have fun, is if you play with other, or on a RP server. RP servers bans KoS kills and the gameplay is way different. Very fun and here you are able to have the funny moment, the famous youtubers have on their channels (Yes I was the one shooting after Mr. Moon, but hit our admin in the head by mistake). Yet due to getting totally PLOWED in the rabbithole, people do not play and the RP server now have a population of 11 people at a time. This is further hurt, by the fact you again have to run 1 hour to get to them. Then some bug occur and you die, and have to do it again.This game will never be anything else than ALPHA. I saw other Zombie/Survival games that went to Full release and had much more content, in a matter of month. The BOSS even left the game !!! HE LEFT THE GAME !!! Before you would see the usual twitter of him, Rocket, on a journey around the earth. He having a blast and doing all sorts of things... But wait.. FOR OUR MONEY!? I will gladly pay anyone, so they can have fun and eat IF THEY DO THEY JOB I PAYED THEM FOR.. Yes it is alpha, but there is a limit for how long you can you that cover name.Rocket screwed his team and EVERY single person who bought his game. Imagine him, standing over you. Then he molest you in all sorts of disturbed ways... That is what has happened."
76561198001087674,Not Recommended,221100,16917698,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Pudding3d,"1,5 year of Dayz, zombies still glitch trough doors."
76561198029792460,Not Recommended,221100,20433855,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,lojzo_the_cleaner,"played this game when released in 2013 - got bugs ,crashes ,bad fps , but gameplay was great - excitement , adrenaline just great . Now 2016 its all gone , fps got even worse and nobody is fixing that , just adding animals and sh*t. Would not buy again"
76561198116489884,Not Recommended,221100,20790162,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Kelo,Trash
,Not Recommended,221100,23026465,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Hunt,"Three years and this game is still plagued with basic glitches preventing gameplay.Spawn, loot, kill, all loot and current items bug out, all loot and current items in plain sight but not lootable, quit.Oh, and the game runs like ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198016876574,Not Recommended,221100,17639386,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,nasty nate,"Stay away from this game for now.  The mechanics are clunky, abtuse, and broken."
,Not Recommended,221100,20142459,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Glutonics,The fun you experience within the first few hours is the honeymoon phase and then you try and try to make it seem like a functional game and then you hit the buyer's remorse stage.
76561198025552184,Not Recommended,221100,21437558,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,PappySNAFU,"Refund eveyone. Puuuhlease, Steam , tell me you're not in on this. My zombie grandma could have finished developing this game by now. Too bad she needed to be shot in the head, just like this scam a rama"
76561198171067074,Not Recommended,221100,23044721,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Zgruffy,So much potential. Wasted.
,Not Recommended,221100,24555625,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,This is trash.
,Recommended,221100,8631882,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,OptimusPrime,"If there is one game where the immersion is so great that you feel as if you are really there by yourself it is day z. There is no other game where death has such harsh consequences, that you really fear for your life. After 48 reallife hours with the same chara and a complete prestine inventory you have the urge to form alliances with other players just to prolong your life and not to get killed by bandits. In it's bare pre alpha state it is a real gem that you must play from the very first beginning.And yeah handcuff your enemys, make them drop their clothes, force feed them rotten food, snipe from more than a mile away and real military tactics that are required to advance in this large 225 m² environment, everything is there.The best thing is the freelook, you can walk forward and still turn your head to look sideways or behind yourself, just as in reallife. Then absolute superb weaponmodels, never ever spend so much time just looking up and down my weapon, every attachment makes a big visual difference, and is just a charm to look at.*update-so it is still fun after 200 hours of playing, but I reached the end of the game if there is one, and have nothing more to do :)- just hope that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the airfield is happy with my sks and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of ammo I was carrying"
,Recommended,221100,9232619,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,coca cola,"WalkMeet a guyMake friendsHe finds an axe, caves your skull inWalk and repeat"
76561198145113671,Not Recommended,221100,14293965,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,ThermalHERO,"This game is buggy. controls are clunky and zombies somehow have the power of teleporting and damaging you without touching you and the game get's rarely updated. Now people are going to look at this and tell me how wrong I am,but it's the truth. It's a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game that people still buy. YES I know it's early access but surely an early access game cant be this buggy?Plus It was 25$ and now 35$ because people still buy this game because they think it will be the same as the mod, but It's not.4/10-becuase the game looks reasonably nice and well set out, I dont recommend buying this, it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,221100,11671719,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,twitch.tv/pepsi4me77,Running simulator until cars are added.  Pretty much useless until then.
,Not Recommended,221100,15176654,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,g.R1FF,"They need to stop adding in small items and new guns and work on the general aspects of the game, like optimization, AI, and the overall clunkiness of this game. Its hilarious that the Rust developers have managed to create a completely new game in the same time these devs have taken to add a handful of new guns and hats."
,Not Recommended,221100,25305081,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Dr_Eevee,This game is the perfect demonstration of why you should NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER buy early access games
76561198100488433,Not Recommended,221100,17805316,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Roasty My Toasty,"Save your money, buy the DayZ Mod."
76561198101841617,Not Recommended,221100,17515638,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,RockettV,"My mommy told me ""If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all"". So this is me saying nothing"
,Not Recommended,221100,16295621,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Sarm1X,This is just a cash grab Early access that gonna take forever i dont think its gonna to be ever released thank you for bating us.So awful game really and the most serious bugs are still exist from release back in 2013.Just ♥♥♥♥ you bohemia and thanks for taking our money for nothing really worth it.So if you intrested in this game forget it and DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
,Not Recommended,221100,18089363,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Sweet Chicken Salmonella,"Respawned then fell off a lighthouse, broke both of my legs, but somehow survived. Crawled around begging to be killed, there was nobody around. Suddenly a savior! I asked him to kill me, he retorted with ""♥♥♥♥ off ♥♥♥♥♥♥ you suck at the game.""  I continued to crawl, and noticed there were no zombies to eat me. Anywhere, there were no zombies period despite having Z in the title. I finally found some water to kill myself. I crawled in. It took me 4 hours of game time to drown.I can't remember anythingCan't tell if this is true or dreamDeep down inside I feel to screamThis terrible silence stops meNow that the war is through with meI'm waking up, I cannot seeThat there is not much left of meNothing is real but pain nowHold my breath as I wish for deathOh please, God, wake meBack to the world that's much too realIn waves life that I must feelBut can't look forward to revealLook to the time when I'll liveStuck underwater It cannot beJust like a apocalypse noveltySurrounded by the drink that that make me beCut this life off from meHold my breath as I wish for deathOh please, God, wake meNow the world is gone, I'm just oneOh God, help meHold my breath as I wish for deathOh please, God, help meDarkness imprisoning meAll that I seeAbsolute horrorI cannot liveI cannot dieTrapped in myselfBody my holding cellLighthouse has taken my sightTaken my speechTaken my hearingTaken my armsTaken my legsTaken my soulLeft me with life in hell"
,Not Recommended,221100,23283229,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Tabearus,It's a little too late you morons.
,Not Recommended,221100,19088025,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Rancid Swine Deluxe™,Just dont do it....
76561198087130301,Not Recommended,221100,23294847,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,EvILDudeMeow,"I've been here since the beginning and still want an open world community zombie shooter/ survival game but theres just simple changes. No groundbreaking fps changes, no dealing with hackers, and just a lack of overall everything. It was fun in the first hours beating people with fire extinguishers and making sure to gang up on that one guy who thought it was fun to use a flashlight, but i have moved on to arma3 ryans zombies in hopes of one day this game (hopefully by 2026) might meet up with the arma3 version now. i have to say to the developers, Thankyou for bringing me the experience i wanted, but its just taken too long. by the time it comes out there will be a new generation of openworld zombie survival and dayz will be an out of date game with horrible fps and zombies that run through everything. By adding guns to a game that is broken does not make the game better. fix what has to be fixed first then put in the fun stuff. I'm just disappointed is all, but life goes on. Would i buy this game again... i would not. Would i ask for a refund... i would not i enjoyed the beginning and now it just fell appart. to all you die hard dayz fans i was once one of you but i had to move on. I've had a chub for way too long with this game and now i just feel vunerable and used. Thank you developers and staff but i just can't deal with the heartache anymore. See you guys in Arma 3!!"
76561198126633060,Not Recommended,221100,23365356,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Shrekbeard,DayZ has been in early access too long with no sign of improvement.  Don't waste your money
76561197991045948,Not Recommended,221100,22950466,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Moszerker,I understand what Alpha/Early Access means and this game is still garbage.  How can Zombies not be the priority?  It's sad when Unturned (a game made by 1 teenager) is functionally superior to DayZ.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.
,Not Recommended,221100,22954142,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,✪ FÁK DÖ POLÍSZ ✪,I have very big laggs in this game but i have the minimum system requirements.
,Not Recommended,221100,26168216,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Flappy Daniel,"Good idea, God awful execution and no hints of a playable game in sight."
,Not Recommended,221100,23913664,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wally West,31 hours on record... 30 hours spent running trying to find friends.
76561198034934380,Not Recommended,221100,26663960,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,shakedlevi32,Best thing to do bout this game = refund.
,Not Recommended,221100,14447983,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Praxis,"Haven't played standalone much at all since buying it on release, I was a big fan of the mod, sadly, this isn't even as good as that. The zombies are worse... How can they be worse than the mod?!I have little confidence things will improve enough for me to play it, so money wasted, sadly."
,Recommended,221100,11308307,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ded,Tried to climb a mountain. Died.Tried to take a shortcut of 4 stairs. Died.Jumped into the water. Died.Tried to be friendly. Died10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,17082417,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,GD4_$KUWUUP,awful
76561198185326398,Not Recommended,221100,23409407,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Master4Games,The actual zombie apocalypse will happen before this game is done
,Not Recommended,221100,23187494,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Declan ☭,Lag Simulator
,Not Recommended,221100,23298011,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TheVexxGaming,"Buy this game if you have a Intel Core i78, 12 1080 Graphic Cards, 1200 gb of ram and then multiply all that by 2 and get a second pc and there you go you can now gain 10 more FPS that makes a total of 10 FPS Well done... And dont forget fans in your new PC it may overheat :)Edit - 0.60 Update give you a little more FPS -___________-"
76561197960723276,Not Recommended,221100,23047777,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[ohTHE]DRAMA,"I, like many, purchased this on release.  Which to my amazment is nearly 3 years ago.  I genuinly feel cheated out of my money as there has been VERY little in the ways of large updates to move this game towards a beta or full release!  A ""warning"" prior to purchase is not a suitable excuse to the utter lack of information and details of WHEN this game will develop further.  I used to love playing this as an ARMA Mod and had high hopes...time and years and have passed and I feel like id rather get a refund and walk away.  The sheer amount of money that this Alpha must have grossed is disgusting based on the lack of content."
,Not Recommended,221100,20432650,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,MusTaFa.('v').aL-iRaQi,"I WANT CARS , TRUCKS & HILECOPTERS"
,Not Recommended,221100,22322554,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,professional trench digger,I'll die before the next update comes out
,Not Recommended,221100,23279407,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,gw2man35,Thanks for ♥♥♥♥ing me. thats all i have to say. this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i have a computer ten times better then the reccomended computer and this♥♥♥♥♥♥still wont run. ♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,221100,26156468,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Hippo ♫,"""Game is alpha, expect bugs""GAME HAS BEEN IN ALPHA FOR 3 YEARS, IT'S ALREADY DEAD AND NO ONE AT BOHEMIA CAN DO CPR."
,Not Recommended,221100,22330733,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Zeth,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥TheEnd!
,Not Recommended,221100,30536525,Posted: 15 March,all,Digfive3,<I last played this game on Jan. 1st 2015.<I decided the game was too unfinished to play at the time.<It's almost Q2 of 2017.>It's still unfinished.>?
76561198028386556,Not Recommended,221100,29055444,Posted: 6 January,all,Meep,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄DAYZ ▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░I'd rather have aids. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,221100,23597830,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,controlaltdelete,"With the latest 0.60 update the game has completely changed. Frame rates are consistent and high wherever you are and the game looks very good. The game has had to live up to a lot of hype in recent years and with the latest update it is a big step in the right direction for this game.The game in general can make you scream in anger and cheer with joy with its ""personality"" that most wont get until you play it long enough, but nothing beats the fear or walking into a building and hearing the footsteps of a stranger outside... day or night this game will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed. Massive world that I'm still exploring 200 hours in and with human interactions and RP you have everything a person can ask for in a zombie apocolypse!"
,Recommended,221100,12197807,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dolan,"Spawned in my underwear after a server restart and met a buddy who also was in the same awkward situation as I was in ( partially new to the game but we were done with the basics and moving on from there with ease), nevertheless the young man was indeed in his underwear as I was, so after a deep and meaningfull conversation we decided to make a Wolf Pac called ""The Underwear Crew"". After this ""coincidentally"" 2 more players (convincingly enough in their underwear also) came across us, now usually im pretty hesitent to become friends with new people in DayZ (as after all the number 1 rule of the game is to not trust anyone) but seriously what did I have to lose, litterally nothing, but I let the 2 new comers join our crew and off we went. I told them to hold position while I scout up the field on a quick reconassaince mission (also mainly to get a fair bit of loot if I was lucky), I swiftly come back and boy was I in for a suprise, my 3 comrades had decided to turn on me after they found another group of 4 people. I call them traitors and they begin to abuse me verbally and 1 decides to raise his fists at me, I accept his challange and I quote from one of the traitors ""Chon the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him Jimmy"", I soon beat the menace un-concious and eventually  kill him with my bare hands. The next traitor stepped up, then the next one, and the next one, and the next one, and the next one and then finally the last guy. I had punched them all to their deaths, 1 by 1 and I had no idea how I was not knocked un-concious during my 7 fights with these hooligans.I had cold blood on my hands now, for all I know I could've been a wanted man at the time. I look around at all the dead bodies of these fresh spawns, disgraced with their actions, I showed no mercy and relentlessly ran out of the town we were in. I spotted someone, he soon spotted me and said in the game chat ""♥♥♥♥ he's gonna bash my head in mate"" and sprinted off into the fields.So to conclude this magnificent review of the DayZ Standalone (aka Punching Simulator: Don't ♥♥♥♥ with the guy in his underwear) the game is alright.I r8 8/8"
,Not Recommended,221100,16197313,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Lurkser,"NASA couldn't get 60 fps running this game!Honestly devs just get it together and actually optimize the engine already. I know there's other important things to update but I don't care if you add 50 new cars if I can't even play the game. And it's not that my setup is bad, I can run just about every other game on high-ultra settings and get 50+ fps. I still love this game even though it hurts to play but I can't recommend it at this point especially given the $35 price point."
,Not Recommended,221100,23103031,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Dan S189,"Dean, what have you done? :'("
76561198064625014,Not Recommended,221100,18967100,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,UsaRubber,Step 1) Don't buy this raggedy♥♥♥♥♥game.Step 2) Buy Arma 3Step 3) Download A3 LauncherStep 4) Download A2MapPackStep 4) Join Chernarus Epoch or Exile ModStep 5) Enjoy a zombie game that actually has players and zombies.
76561198045560448,Not Recommended,221100,32745595,Posted: 24 June,all,[BSM] Frassa,"found a girl, have sex with that girl, i married that girl, i have a son now, i will never play that♥♥♥♥♥♥anymore....fu** you!"
,Not Recommended,221100,17716601,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,kwiji,"I had high hopes for this game! Years ago I wanted a game just like the concept explained this one... I searched forums and even modded garrrys mods early darkrp trying to create something like this. Then finally the dayz mod surfaced and it was fun, it was incredible but over the years everything got worse and worse just like cancer. When the Standalone was being developed it was clear that it would be bugged in the beginning but the developement never progressed. Even worse, after the developement of the standalone declined the mod got worse too...This game is a huge scam!Even WarZ had more developement than this game. The developers were not fit for a job like this. There was no progress while Dean Hall was leading the project and even now there is no developement. It already feels like the project has been abandoned.3 Years of Alpha.There have been many early access games over the past few years and most of them already made it to a finished product. But not this game, this game has even developed worse than back when it started. Nearly nothing has been done to improve the engine...15 - 20 fps in citiesinput lag of about 1/2 secondand other serious performance issuesthese problems are on everyones pc! Expensive pc or not, this game is not playable.Everytime I try to play this game I feel like my computer is going through chemotherapy, everything lags my computer heats up and the delay in the controls is not bearable. I feel like I´m♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my keyboard by trying to use the hotkeys and the v button to jump over things.No server can handle the game with more than 3 or 4 people on it. The Servers are lagging and players are desyncing every 5 seconds and you can´t even pick up items for a long time.The game is called DayZThis bugs me the most ^    The Z... there are only about 3 Zombies in each city and they are, as everything else, bugged.You can´t be stealthy like it was in the mod, the zombies dont have a real detection system anymore. Either you get closer to them than 10 meters and they realise you are there or you shoot so that they may react. Your stance doesnt matter anymore crouching, crawling nothing makes a difference to the detection system anymore.Minor bugs that can´t be explained:random unconsciousnessrandom vomiting after joining a serverbroken ancles, legs arms after joining a servernot being able to move through doors with broken legszombies running through closed doors and bugging through floors/stairsthe need to eat and drink every 2 minutesterrible community (it is not possible to have contact to any player, they are going to say that they are friendly and then shoot you anyway)loot spawns in in buildings where it just shouldnt be like lots of AKs in bathrooms or 50 jackets in one tiny shedI really can´t understand why this game has this many positive reviews but it seems like the people are starting to get that this game was a huge failure because the reviews are starting to get worse.I just feel terrible knowing that they got 3million people to pay for this kind of crap."
,Not Recommended,221100,29648936,Posted: 2 February,all,AmpliDefy,The progression and updates to the game in this ridiculously long alpha are laughable at best.I would not recommend buying this to anyone - it will most likely never see completion.
,Not Recommended,221100,30910568,Posted: 2 April,all,Flarin,"Ridiculously bad. I've tried to love it, but this is a disaster."
76561197981320585,Not Recommended,221100,30328318,Posted: 4 March,all,Uncle Rusty,never got developed
76561198320434676,Not Recommended,221100,30984250,Posted: 6 April,all,Mr. frijoles,fix the ♥♥♥♥ing hackers
76561198042800728,Not Recommended,221100,17841172,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,spartan148,"I can not recommend anyone purchase this game. It has been in alpha for over a year and the game has not improved, if anything it has become worse over time. This game has so much potential but after a year of being in alpha there isn't much to show for it. I would steer clear of this game until the developers get serious and make some real progress"
76561198025573529,Not Recommended,221100,18283514,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Peen-san,if you're looking for a solid zombie game just go play sas zombie assault 4.
,Not Recommended,221100,18500775,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,:UKR:T0by0ne,Kept alive by Fanboys and Russians... Biggest load♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to hit steam
,Not Recommended,221100,25348237,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,musk2nuts,"in its current state id give it a soild. 7/10,the constent d syncing and lag kill on sight is a bummer.i reccomand haveing a micrphone if you play this,you can litterlity be wondering 3 hours get some decent gear and get head shot whail eating,great game.I should of bought rust or N1H1"
,Not Recommended,221100,26062504,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,sLLiK,"I have no idea what actually happened with this game, nor do I care at this point.  All I know is that it did not continue the DayZ mod's legacy, is a terrible attempt at a stand-alone verison, and was a complete waste of my money.  I've played it several times since it was first made available to the public, each time to see if it was anything close to a polished, playable state, and each time I've uninstalled dippointed.It continues to give me the impression of a half-abandoned steaming pile of garbage.  With early access games, your experiences are all ways hit or miss, and some make you feel like you were taken to the cleaners while others pleasantly surprise you.  If I had to rank all the early access games I've ever played, this one would be at the bottom.  I'm tired of waiting, and this latest install to check in on the status of the game was my last.Farewell, DayZ standalone."
76561198052286851,Not Recommended,221100,17825390,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Mr. Andersson,"This game will never be released in to a final game.Over the last 2 years the gamedevelopment have been going backwards and the game is in a wore condition than i was 18 months ago. if they keep this phase up dayz sa will be released 2020-2030.Do not but this game, but a pizza and beer and that will give you more joy over a longer period of time."
76561198035671178,Not Recommended,221100,23245937,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,BluebirdMountain,"Do not buy this game. It is a great idea, but the devs have ruined it. There are rarely updates, and the community has mostly given up on it. Don't be tricked by the good idea, wait for another game with a good development team to come out. Don't bother wasting your money on it."
,Not Recommended,221100,31343954,Posted: 24 April,all,Turtlefury,I went unconscious after running for 10 mintes without food.Then when my friend came to save me he was killed by invincible crawling zombies.
,Not Recommended,221100,18180869,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,JoeyPerp,"It's a dead game, a scam, and an ugly piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198148250224,Not Recommended,221100,20685014,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,mitchpro1,why arent you updating you wasted my money :(
,Not Recommended,221100,20689631,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Fennec.exe,"The game is a buggy mess. They expect to have only a few vehicles on such a huge map, with hundreds on people on each server. The weapon balancing is a joke, shotguns being stupidly underpowered, and item spawns being almost non existent outside of an airfield."
,Not Recommended,221100,21632601,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,i beat my yeet,
,Not Recommended,221100,21977869,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Ronald Rump,The posterchild of early access made by lobotomized chimpanzees.  For your sanity and others around you avoid with all cost.
,Not Recommended,221100,19909683,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Bake 🐌,"After 2 years in developement the game still lack basics features like more than only 1 type of glitched vehicle, persistance, or zombies ( rather important in a zomby oriented game ).Once you have been lucky enough to find the stuff you need, you will find yourself wandering around with no purposes what's however.The game turns into a simple deathmatch after that point as their is no base buiding or no point to team up with other survivors.----You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain----Being friendly during most of my playthrough, I can relate to that saying, me and my friends tried to role play as human beings as much as we could, which got us killed most of the time.But in the end we started to just shoot on sight any player holding a gun as this was pointless to engage conversation, the sole objective of the game being to get better stuff or protecting your own so you can roam around the map longer than the other players on a server that will reboot every 4 hours anyway."
76561198055745580,Not Recommended,221100,20049238,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,DΛBBking,still early access after 2 years... they probably stopped making the game
,Not Recommended,221100,20656868,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,bishof,"This unfortunate and unwieldy mishmash of models and animations wouldn't justify even a third of its price and here's why:1. The game engine is not even closely up to the challenge. Although offering some degree of realism not easily achieved with other engines, this has to be one of the least efficient engines around since it easily makes a high-end machine struggle in town combat with 5+ players. It is inconcievable why they stuck with this fossil originating from Operation Flashpoint 15 years ago.2. Nothing's going on! And I don't mean the lonely, passive world you're playing in. I mean, the developers are doing absolutely nothing to make the game more interesting. On the other hand, they do all sorts of unneeded and useless additions, such as new items and content to clutter up the cardboard world even more, and put extra pressure on the aging engine. Give us more players per server! Oh, the game would probably crash (after frying my CPU), so no, please carry on adding new items.3. No idea! They have no idea what they want or what players want! This product looks and feels like it's developed by an incoherent and lazy crowd of teenagers. In no single aspect does this game show any glimpse of excellence or talent. Game design, UI design, world design - everything is just awfully sub-par.4. This project has no future and is bound to dissipate into oblivion (along with your money).They must've spent my 30 EUR on booze and hookers. In fact - I hope they did. It would be a slight consolation.Anyone thinking about buying this monstrosity - don't. Go buy a proper game from a proper developer that actually justifies the investment."
,Not Recommended,221100,20729524,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,ᴥApolloᴥ 贸易 Csgose­ll.c,Hey Dayz team or whatever u guys are resolve server not showing bug I bought this game and there are no servers watch tutorials but still not working its like waste 34 dollar for nothing
,Not Recommended,221100,21631720,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Alexander,"Don't know what will happen first, this game reaches beta or George R.R. Martin completes his series of books."
76561198133165499,Not Recommended,221100,22717551,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,tommystanley98,"This game is a heaping, steamy, wet, soggy, clumpy, pile of the most ransid, peutrid horse♥♥♥♥♥♥to have ever fallen onto the face of the earth."
76561198076630944,Not Recommended,221100,22740218,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,✪ Wraithdw,"dont even think about itUPDATE: thought id give it another go. Spent hours gearing up got onto a roof, crouched stood back up then my character felt like moving off the roof to kill myselfBiggest rip off its sad when a mod with one or two people  surpasses a development team making a standalone.Waste of time go buy rust or something cause this is a sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥with a million bugs but hey instead of fixing them lets just add more clothes so the people who bought it think were still developing this gameSo much potential wasted on half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥developers"
,Not Recommended,221100,22896721,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Heil I-VAC         pvpro.com,Can someone tell me why they make the game more expensive when there is nothing improved and it won't be soon (there is no progress from the release )
,Not Recommended,221100,21427528,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Andrei Roskovek,"DO NOT BUY. THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥OF A GAME SHOULD NOT BE CALLED A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. THERE IS LIKE 4 ZOMBIES ON THE  WHOLE MAP, YOU HAVE 17 FPS WITH A FKN' 970, IT IS THE DEFENISION OF BUGGY, YOU DIE FROM ANYTHING, BULLETS/AMMO CAN NOT BE FOUND, LOTS OF BUILDINGS WITHOUT LOOT, NO PVE AND SO ON.Story From today: I bought the game like 3 years ago, played a while then stopped. Yesterday I wondered; why did i stop play DayZ? so i started the game. After ONE hour i had found 3 Shotguns 1 P1-Pistol And A MosinNegant and NO ZOMBIES witch was good, but today my luck was way worse, I started the game and joined a server i ran around found nothing... Then finnaly i found some ammo! and it fit one of my 5 guns! INCREDEBLE!!! I loaded the gun and entered a Firestation! OH A Helmet! Why waste time on making a new helmet if you could fix the Zombies, Random Deaths, THe Great allmighty lag or just the game?? So i find nothing else intresting in the lower part of the building so i decide to head upstairs. I walked towards the stairs (Crouched), i noticed i cant get up so i stand up and take one step onto the stairs:*DEAD* the screen fades into black death of doom... I started to cry.I would rate LagZ 1/10 Lagz, bugs and glitches.Take my advice please. Even Unturned is better."
,Not Recommended,221100,20732056,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Clarke Ji Sung,"Ok for first hour untill you get killed by someone far better equiped. Hopefully more things are added in the future as it does get very boring too quickly, untill then wont spend too much time on it unless on with mates. Definitely not worth the 20 odd quid spent on it."
,Not Recommended,221100,21825031,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Enzyme,"This game is only regarded as being 'cool' and an 'excellent project' by man children with a tacticool fetish, and autistic kids who scream while holding their left ear lobe after reading negative reviews of this game. So, all in all, if you're reading this my fellow steam player - stay away. Seriously. It's garbage. The community is toxic, the game is three years in alpha. I know what people will retort with, too. ""wellz liek if u didnt want alfa u shuldnt have bought it stupet"" Well, I did buy it in alpha with the hope that it would not turn into a digital abortion clinic and turn into a three year alpha project. I mean come on, use logic here. How big is the dev team? The size of a break room? Remove this steaming pile of donated organic fecal matter off the steam market, and give everyone who invested in this a refund. At least go down being honorable. ""No no. you're wrong. They update the community with their garbage update mechanics information, so they MUST care."" No, no. YOU dont get it. The game is a lost cause. It's like holding on to the hand of your dearly beloved as they blank out and shi.t themselves before death. Just let it go. Shh. Let it go."
76561197964376898,Not Recommended,221100,22003688,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Jani,"Rocket in 2013, Stable, Smooth, Simple.Yes they took our monies"
76561198028687770,Not Recommended,221100,20670409,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Jurassic Nark,"I find my slf thinking why i spent this money on the game, i think i find myself getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because zombies r ♥♥♥♥ing athletes and hardly ever get off of you and you find your self being hit by them through walls, its so great when i finally find a gun that has bullets and then either being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my other players or logging out because i have been on the shut game for the past 4 hours and then logging back in not onlywithout my gun but without my character i have created, i think the world will end before the beta of the terrable game. PLEASE DON'T BUY"
76561198148060282,Not Recommended,221100,21620504,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,✪ WΛFIX,i had hopes for this game....
76561198107903346,Not Recommended,221100,21944891,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,touge.oni,refund for this piece of sh** would be nice!
76561198090920383,Not Recommended,221100,22656061,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,I WANNA FUCK LELA STAR'S ASS,"this may be a bit of a rant.alright so this game has bugs and we all know that. however one♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and faggy bug i encountered was the character wipe bug. i had good loot, a weopon and i was loaded. i server hoped and all of a sudden i became a fresh spawn. normally u would hop to a different server and you get your character back but i remained a fresh spawn. i got salty becuase i server hoped many times and yet im still a fresh. i understand that this game is early alpha and we were told thier are bugs but please, dont release a game with a bug that can completly wipe your character progress. i reccomend getting this after its FULL RELEASE."
76561198125604659,Not Recommended,221100,21911338,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,thinnestdragon1,dont buy it this sucks get arma 2 and the dayz mod
,Not Recommended,221100,22464862,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,JonoRocha,"If you love walking around and having no luck finding anything, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!!Other than that It's meh"
76561198072983293,Not Recommended,221100,23322370,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,CloakEngaged,"DayZ, a world in which throwing an object causes it to stay in mid air."
,Not Recommended,221100,25797346,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,FloppyWillies,.
76561198036407333,Not Recommended,221100,25892896,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,The Double Bean,"This game has been ""early access"" for over 3 years now. To be fair they claim it'll be done between mid 2016 and mid 2017. According to their own schedule they have about 8 months left to go from Early access Alpha to Final product."
76561198129842963,Not Recommended,221100,21593172,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,♫CORNBREAD43♫ CS.MONEY,One thing that Dayz had tought me is to NEVER BUY a early acess game i mean come on i have never seen a game so glitchy dying randomly for no reason zombies hitting you through walls I mean come on this game has been out for 2 damn years trust me it should have been fixed by now but it's only in 0.59 when it should be in 1.0 + If i could ever get a refund I would because trust me they have ran off with all the money they have made this this game will always be glitchy because of some stupid braindead devs that don't pay attention to the bugs and only focus on adding things in I mean come on DON'T EVER I MEAN EVER BUY THIS GAME EVEN IF A FRIEND TRIES TO CONVINCE YOU TOO YOU WILL REGRET IT
,Not Recommended,221100,24751180,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ｍ Ｊ Ｋ Ｅ Ｉ,A game that has huge potential but very poorly coded that to hugely problem I do not recommend it to buy right away but when it is completed view that it is dévellopement more than two years.
,Not Recommended,221100,25743512,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,FuzzRightYear,"UPDATED: 9/28/2016I admit,  I just can't help but keep coming back to this game every 3-4 months to have some fun and see what's new and hopefully to get into it like the old DayZ Mod.But sadly despite the game's amazing new graphical engine and stunning new fps performance.The game is currently completely flawed at the moment and to no surprise hasn't really changed that much.-Sadly a big part of the lovely new frame rate you have is presumably because of the new ""no loot"" theme DayZ is trying to run.Towns like Elektro and Cherno are so bare on a fresh server there is literally no reason to ever go there. One man can clear a fire station,police station,school and more in 15mins and that loot will be gone for the next 3 hours. I think the dev will never get it into their thick dumb skull that we need loot that respawns cause this♥♥♥♥♥♥is stupid.And going inwards to the center of the map doesn't change much. Actually, you will probably ""seriously starve to death"" before you can safely reach any kind of inland town.-The new inventory is horrible and a severe downgrade to what we already have. Its ease of use is much worse."
,Not Recommended,221100,25414371,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Outcast™,I install this from time to time and it fixes one or two things while makes others worse or unchanged. I'm still waiting for dynamic spawn points for items so my character doesn't die from starvation after 10 minutes since we barely see food or drinks.At least it runs great now. But optimization is the only thing that improved in two years.
,Not Recommended,221100,25730443,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Jonathan,"this game is more buggier, than a bug itself"
,Not Recommended,221100,17905694,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,guy ferry flavortown express,"Never lived up to expectations. Buggy, missing features, slow updates."
,Not Recommended,221100,25421854,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Moving20,"I won't lie, I've played a good amount of DayZ. I played over 100 hours on the mod alone. With in that time I had some great fun and enjoyable experiences. However, this game since it debut as being standalone has practically gone no where. I regret spending the $40 on this game. I won't deny I had some fun but its not what they said it was going to be. This game may never be finished. For me, thats ok. I chose to give them my $40. I'm not dieing over it. But those of you who have yet to purchase it, leave. Maybe you can come back in a few years and things will be different. But until then you've been warned."
,Not Recommended,221100,25182508,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,parrk,"I don't understand how people actually play this game. It's very buggy, the zombies especially. Walking sim."
,Not Recommended,221100,29290251,Posted: 15 January,all,Razzey,3 Years of alpha3 Years of bugs3 Years of promises3 Years of lies
,Not Recommended,221100,23922815,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,toxicisdead,Status when I bought the game in 2013:Early AccessAlphaCurrent status in 2016:Early AccessAlpha
,Not Recommended,221100,21661356,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Tinttamiau,"jumping on the ""not recommended"" bandwagon"
76561197970607540,Not Recommended,221100,22159061,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,KoKn [K],"Release at 16 Dec, 2013....still early access...GG"
,Not Recommended,221100,22594370,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,♔◂ℛℯίᶍ‗➋➒▸♘,"I rather play ARMA II DayZ than this, 5/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,25811331,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,DerpieDoo,Oh ..  Hey... DayZ... Is that game outa Alpha yet?  ...Oh... Guess not...
76561198025909191,Not Recommended,221100,35251543,Posted: 27 September,all,The Kobe Bryant,"The arma mod was always better, cant believe steam still allows this to be sold."
,Recommended,221100,10528642,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Crittxr,"Ran for 20 minutes to meet up with a buddy.Found a helicopter crash.Loot military gear.Night time- ♥♥♥♥, No light source.Make out a supermarket in the distance.Character is dying of starvation.Go to vault into supermarket.You are unconscious.-Server reset-You are dead.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,221100,22718955,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Kush Kid,"DayZ StandaloneAfter roughly playing this game for 20 hours i have enjoyed it so far, Although my review is going to be washed down by all the negetives i just want get my review out there. DayZ Standalone has been in early access for about 3 years and some people just dont read the note displayed on the DayZ Standalone Steam Page WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME. As a short answer I would saydontbuy the game until its fully out or in beta unless you want to face countless glitches such as zombies running trough walls and triple hitting.In DayZ Zombies are the least of your worries, you can play as a legendery hero or a bandit. I have been held as hostage 3 times already. You can also play a role playing version of Dayz, I haven't touched DayZRP but you can play it herehttp://www.dayzrp.com/Pro'sRealistic unlike some other zombie-survival games.Really big map that takes alot of your time and does not keep you board.Balanced weapons.Thats really it i cant remember anything else :3Con'sReally hard to meet new people as they might kill you or hold you hostage.Really hard to find ammunition because all millitary bases/police stations are lootedEverywhere is looted if you play on a server with heaps of people.ConclusionAnyone who says DayZ Standalone is dead, or that the developers have ""taken the money and ran"", or that the community is dead, quite frankly is full of ♥♥♥♥. The game is very much alive and so much better than it was when it started. Even though DayZ SA has been slow off the start compared to other survivalist games (H1Z1, Rust, ARK, Unturned, Miscreated, etc), I strongly believe it will come out on top as the best survivalist game when it is finished. No other survival game has this much attention to detail and realism as DayZ. No other survival game has the kind of studio resources and money that Bohemia has to put out a strong title. No other survival game has mastered the hardcore aspect of survival and struggle better than DayZ. Almost every other survival game was rushed out on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unreal engine in an effort to reap money off the survivalist scene and try to outbeat Bohemia to the punch on features and gameplay. Games like Rust and H1Z1 fail to hit the bullseye on what a survival game should be. DayZ Standalone does this right and does it good. I would definitely recommend this game now, as it's about to surpass the ♥♥♥♥ outta all other games on the market. Go out there and start surviving! But be warned of the glitches.Thanks for reading!I also might make a fps boost guide for DayZ!EDIT : I made a DayZ FPS Boost guidehttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=675608086"
76561197985797879,Not Recommended,221100,13921985,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Barbarian Bear,"I was a huge hype machine for DayZ Standalone, told everyoen to grab it up on false promises from Dean and Devs.Sorry to burst everyone's bubble but the game is never going to work or be fixed properly. Each patch breaks things worse and adds just a new gun or a new can of beans. Zombie still run through walls, you still fall through floors and die, you still get people going to dead servers to grab loot then jumping to another.Frankly the game was built on an engine already, the map was almost already done for them. They have been working in a pre alpha state since Dean and them first started working on this thing years and years ago.No matter if you loved the mod, or standalone, this will never be finished. Frankly I consider it a scam and would request a refund but they don't givem.Just look forward to real games coming out like H1Z1 that will be properly done. Sorry to those I hyped DayZ too, sorry you wasted the cash."
,Not Recommended,221100,30345754,Posted: 5 March,all,CorporalCrunch,One of the bigest piles of unfinished♥♥♥♥♥♥ever to make it onto steam. Completely broken and unoptimized. Every time I see this is my library I ask myself why I spent my hard earned money on something that there was no hope for from the beginning.DO NOT BUY!!!!!!0/10
,Not Recommended,221100,24829592,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,gadot,"WARNING: THIS GAME IS THE LONGEST LASTING RUSE. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE ANALLY RAVAGED BY THE DEVELOPMENT TEAM AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS PTSD, REGRET AND LOST MONEY."
76561198002525872,Not Recommended,221100,24065802,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,zannah,WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA - since 2013.
76561198055209856,Not Recommended,221100,24074198,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,YOUR REAL DAD,"In alpha for what? 3 years now? dont bother. Use the mod, or better still get DayZ on Arma 31/10"
76561198043609966,Recommended,221100,9891581,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Tingg   ,"After playing the mod on Arma2: CO for over 400 hours, I could not wait for DayZ SA to be launched. My first spawn was in balota and I got stuck inside a building that had bugged. Not the best way to spend launch night. For the next few weeks I played the game  as I had always done before, Mr Friendly and would try to help fresh spawns or new players.Now some 200 hours later... I am still a friendly guy, But have seen so much and benn through it too. No other game has made such an impact on my life....not even minecraft.10/10 - A life changing game for me! Tingg"
,Recommended,221100,8297556,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Welbelovin,A half-naked black woman beat me to death with her bare hands over a screwdriver. 10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,13370759,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Oliver👻💔,Buys for 30 bucks.... HATES IT and nothing works game crashes after trying to pick up soda GG
,Not Recommended,221100,15779444,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Chettone,"Well, I played DayZ during almost all stages since alpha release and I must say that the game still sucks. The game concept is great but its potential is limited by its non dynamic gameplay.Every action feels like your character has to do a full stop before doing it. Combat feels ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in every level. Melee sucks, and gun fights are limited by your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ movement. In order to jump a 40cm wall you character has to do a full stop, meditate about it, pass one leg, think about it again, and then pass the other leg.Devs keep adding items and crafting recipes and animals, but the game core mechanics suck. No matter how many items they add, how many graphic improvements they add, if the game controls and mechanics suck the game will suck.I hope they make a GTA V dayz mod or something more enjoyable."
76561197982691656,Not Recommended,221100,13920324,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Phrozius,"Dayz ruined the ""early access"" concept for me.. $35 is not that cheap.. and considering how long its been now for a game still so buggy.. major bummer.."
76561198088804783,Not Recommended,221100,13925909,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Baba Yaga,"Engine still sucks, I've seen games earlier development that run smoother.  Zombies are still wanky, did they even fix the melee system so you can hit anything yet?  I can't tell because a wanked out zombie killed me 4 minutes within my spawning time.  Please, for the love of god, get your engine in check.  Stop adding crap and work on your engine and how the game runs.  You can add more weapons but that doesn't matter much when most people can hardly run the game. I don't suggest this game, buy Arma 2 and download the mod.  You'll save money and won't have to waste the next 4 years of your life waiting for it to get out of alpha."
76561198079393630,Not Recommended,221100,29750567,Posted: 6 February,all,Giftboa,After 3 years they still haven't figured out that the f*cking zombies aren't supposed to go through walls. GG
,Not Recommended,221100,30156534,Posted: 24 February,all,Yung H♡,WTF MAEN!WTF MAEN!
,Not Recommended,221100,30228130,Posted: 27 February,all,chillghost,"worst game i´ve ever spent money on. after around a year after my last log in, cause no servers were showing up in the list, ive managed to play it once more, and its terrible. horrible combat, really boring game and empty servers. I gather all this sh*t for 2 hours and then, after a bunch of nothing, a zombie shows up. ""good, i got a pickaxe, so I´ll kill it"". well, i did kill it, but after that i was badly injured, bleeding out- because the combat was garbage and i couldnt attack the zombie properly. it was only a matter of time until i became unconcious, and then dying. 0/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,30786393,Posted: 27 March,all,Sleeves,WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME  UHUH right
,Not Recommended,221100,29700043,Posted: 4 February,all,Cons,early access for almost 4 years
76561198059099622,Not Recommended,221100,30175307,Posted: 25 February,all,Flashy D,"♥♥♥♥ing fix the game it has been a Pre Alpha for ♥♥♥♥ing 3 years now, or lower the price its not even near 27 euros at this time !!!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,30904656,Posted: 2 April,all,BillClinton=rapist infowars.com,Bought this game day 1 after countless hours in the mod and uninstalled it day 1.  Steam gave me a refund before refunds were a thing. I said my brother bought it without permission and they actually bought it. Dean Hall is a giant pud. This game started out♥♥♥♥♥♥and will forever be♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,29863099,Posted: 11 February,all,Dent,"This might be the worst ""game"" I've played. It lacks a solid structure to build off of. Most games start without bugs, and slowly build them while fixing issues BEFORE adding new features. DayZ has yet to fix the glitchy, unplayable game."
76561198039556846,Not Recommended,221100,30617157,Posted: 19 March,all,Nona,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,30912094,Posted: 2 April,all,Kek Maker,4 years no improvement...
,Not Recommended,221100,30874414,Posted: 1 April,all,Akira Kurusu,WORST PURCHASE OF MY LIFE.DONT BUY THE GAME!!!I bught this game because it looked super cool and fun.ITS NOT!Once in a year there is a small update so it looks like they are workiing on it. but... well.. they dont really.some smaller Devs. make 3-4 Good-Great games while the DayZ Devs. cant even make 1 single game at least WELL:Dont buy. Please. I bought this game over 1 year ago and almost nothing has changed. its still ♥♥♥♥♥♥.üI want my Money Back
,Not Recommended,221100,30848276,Posted: 31 March,all,Keith,I'd recommend the mod way before I'd ever recommend this.
,Not Recommended,221100,33968608,Posted: 2 August,all,Kyle,"Lazy♥♥♥♥♥devs like every Bohemia Interactive game, decently optimized but 0 content"
,Not Recommended,221100,29624835,Posted: 1 February,all,MrZombie,Don't waste ur money on this crap ... its getting worse with every new update ...
,Not Recommended,221100,21628386,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ABONKERSCHICKEN,Cannot recommend the game in its current state. A horrible buggy unplayable mess
,Not Recommended,221100,21289669,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Big Papa,It says it early alpha but im sure its middle-aged to elder alpha
76561198119687644,Not Recommended,221100,23139357,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Doofy,"Game HAD potential but eventually the game will die, they made all the money they could during the release, now they are just trying to squeeze a bit more with those useless updates.Do you want a really good and fun survival? Go for RUST or even MISCREATED.PLEASE, DON´T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!"
76561198037654080,Not Recommended,221100,23191512,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,chorizoface,"There has been too much violence, too much pain. None here are without sin, but I have an honorable compromise. Just walk away. Leave the pump, the oil, the gasoline, and the whole compound, and I spare your lives. Just walk away. I will give you safe passage in the wasteland. Just walk away and there will be an end to the horror....Just walk away."
,Not Recommended,221100,21025641,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,8bit_Nacho,"I want to like DayZ so much. I spent countless hours with the Arma 2 mod, dealing with the clunky design and perplexing systems because they were obvious concessions that had to be made when creating a mod. But DayZ has been out on Steam Early Access for over 2 years, and I can't shake the feeling that the team behind it just doesn't know what its doing.Many of the bugs and design issues that came packed with the game at launch are still in place. Zombies still rubberband around buildings and walk through doors. The awful desync issues that plagued the Arma 2 mod are also in the standalone version, and they still plague the servers 2 years later. The new loot engine is great, I will give them that, but it feels too little too late.Dean ""Rocket"" Hall claimed he would not depart Bohemia until DayZ entered beta at the minumum, but he has now been gone for over a year with no end to the alpha in sight. What does that tell us about his confidence in this product, and the development team behind it? DayZ may be a financial success, but as a game, it is a failure."
76561198037268523,Not Recommended,221100,21381397,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Do I Taste Salty 1973,2 YEARS in Early Access. Lead developer long gone. Next to no progress in a long time. Save your money ... Don't donate to the devs retirement fund.
76561198081720812,Not Recommended,221100,21831298,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,GeorgeCostanza,rather suck a fart out of a billygoats ringhole then spend another minute on this
76561198053500963,Not Recommended,221100,23101543,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Conway1122,meh
12430987012394612,Not Recommended,221100,22600262,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Duck,This game is absolutely garbage really your better off drinking bleach
76561198010951568,Not Recommended,221100,21817259,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,undead_killking,This would have been a great game if they would have just polished the mod and added some items. Unfortunatly it isn't any good and i am sorry i paid for it. Do not buy this game!
,Not Recommended,221100,21891511,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,"Henrik ""Dumle^""","So far this game feels incomplete, and its will proberly stay that way for more years yet to come."
,Not Recommended,221100,21913950,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Bianc,"Why smoke cigarettes which costs a fortune over time, when for ONLY 35$ DOLLARS you can get cancer in less than 2 hours"
76561198077710052,Not Recommended,221100,22600515,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Grizz,"This game is just a buggy replica of the DayZ mod, don't buy the early access, wait until it is somewhat complete, I wouldn't get your hopes up, it has been released for about 2 years and is still buggy as f**k, I was really disappointed because I bought the standalone for about 50 AUD and it is worse than the free DayZ mod for Arma II, seriously Bohemia Interactive fix this mess of game."
,Not Recommended,221100,21406399,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,C4ptainKIEF,"Reviews says mostly positive...Scrolls down for 5 more ""load more reviews"" nothing but negatives...In reality I bought this game forever ago and did have fun....Spent countless hours wandering around only to ever either get totally blindsided (yes my fault and in all fairness a fun adrenaline rush) or the more fun of the two... glitching through a wall and falling to your death at the top of a building you are in to find 5 minutes of un paniced refuge....Seriously though this game has great potential and there really is a serious feeling of idk ""anxiety""? when playing... Encountering other players is the key to the experience and can be an overwhelming heart racing experience. As the game has grown it has just become more unplayable with time and I really hope to see a comeback.My review will have to be a thumbs down for now."
76561198036393554,Not Recommended,221100,21622277,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,DHaugh,Slowest game development you ever seen.
,Not Recommended,221100,21698087,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,*=SAS=*Sgt.Wallcroft,Pros: It is DayZ?Cons:Poorly Optimized Frame RatesLooks like a big smudge on a wet painting.Would rather play Infestation: Survivor Stories.PLEASE OPTIMIZE THE FRAMES WITH THIS GAME!!!
76561198066109328,Not Recommended,221100,22743524,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Nikolai Ludovik,"Almost no progress since the release + engine limitations which determined the need for a new engine.Worst development team which doesn't know how to plan their game first, but develop it on the fly, suffering the consequences later.Not recommened."
76561198104667066,Not Recommended,221100,22328132,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Cornflakes,"I wanted this game since I heared about it, but now that I got it I realize the game is not realy enjoyable in its current form. It was made to be a mod not a game. It has realy poor graphics, I turned them all the way up, but it might have been broken, either way thats prety bad. In a long time the game might have playability but right now you might as well play the mod."
,Not Recommended,221100,22472019,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,mlgplayer,"Game have more than one year, still having a lot of bugs, have a old engine but eat a lot of your resources. NOW IN 2016, this game stil having hackers and Bohemia interactive and BATTLEYE no do nothing. Bohemia Interactive no want to release server files because they are afraid somebody mod the game and fix all the bugs or more hackers become to the game... The real things is, Bohemia no want to realease server file because they make a lot of money making people host server thru some hosting companies.If you want to waste your money, BUY THIS CRAP GAME. I recomend play a pirated server is more hacker controled by admins than this.  You NO HAVE A WAY OF HOW TO REPORT HACKERS. Seriously."
76561198006455744,Not Recommended,221100,22601333,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,KLAMICUS,"little resume of my exp !! when i bought this game 2 years ago !i knew it was a pre alpha , but  i was especting it be like arma 2 dayz ....."""" major update""""niiiiiiiceeeeeeeeeeeee!!  car, gun helicopter !! something exiting !!NOOOO well we got  new hat ,bags ...new cans of meat , new cola , nice that gonna make me want to playeverybody quit playing becaus we where tired of running for hours ,everybody asked for bicycle  anything to travel !!guess what ? we got cars now lol ...how sad becaus everybody was asking for it long time ago , but new clothes was so important !! nothing really major happened !pros : the badge name dayz , running simulator is like dayz modcons : i played quite a bit this game .was suposed to be a zombi survival???? .but its now a im cold , im hot ,im wet ,  im hungry game !i was cold so i ran .. its raining so im wet , now im dead ..... run looting for hours for a gun then good luck finding correct ammo thats OK at this point ..  no base ,no crafting , no way of having a stash somewhere , dev team takes theire sweet♥♥♥♥♥time to makesomething out this game .. it got wondering if any of these guys played dayz mod !!??? how can this game be sooo far from what it should be !! how can the dev team after two years havent done something with this !!! after two years , dev team showed no priority !!i mean like goddamn ...90 % of the game is completed on the dayz mod ..this game 20 %final point : before you buy this get the arma 2 and arma 2 oa download dayz mod ,epoch or what ever u wnat ..you will have fun even if its buggy sometimes !  the dayz sa ,is buggy and on top of that is not what it seems ! good name wrong game!  .... at the state of the game now ! i give a 10% note that is only from beeing a good running simulator !!"
76561198141714826,Not Recommended,221100,23248226,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,xGur,"Ive had this game almost since it came out to buy and let me tell you little has changed. Three years go by and all they have seem to do with this game is give it a bad name... witch is sad because the dayz hype used to be huge but now its turned into a huge buggy waste of time... if i were you id wait till full game comes out, play the MUCH better arma 2 mod of dayz or go buy h1z1 cause its a way better game all around... inless bugged out half broken games are for you then add it to your cart.all in all 4.5/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,21875845,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Novamarine,"Lol it sucks. Don't buy, you'll regret it. Get some icecream instead. Imagine how much you could buy of that for the same price as DayZ! It's just a better investment!"
,Not Recommended,221100,23312961,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Trerot,Bought this game as it had a lot of potential for beeing one beast of a surivival game. not any more.Updates have come to a stall and this game gets no attention from devs... Milking the Day Z mod community for monies then running of when they sales don't increase..
,Not Recommended,221100,25684199,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Debuff,Do not waste your money.
,Not Recommended,221100,25686517,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ILTH-49,"Used to be a decent game...But after many empty promises and extremely slow devlopement from the Dev's. I feel stupid for gutting my wallet to buy it.However, was a fun game for the first few days - Met some nice people. Seems nice people are in a short supply today though, as everyone I meet is either a trash talking kid, or a sour fool who wants to be a total kill joy.4/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,26138869,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,MikieIsGay,Whelp .60 is buggy you got 10 yr old kids glitching underground caused me and my buddies to lose all our gear..... Untill this is fixed i sadly cant give a good review
76561198161021332,Not Recommended,221100,29025197,Posted: 4 January,all,Swindle,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥! DIDNT TAKE LONGER THAN 30 MINUTES TO REALIZE THIS GAME IS A ♥♥♥♥ING PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥ I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED TO THE REVIEWS! I HAVE A GREAT COMPUTER BUT THIS GAME IS STILL♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥DEVS
76561198069808148,Not Recommended,221100,22600582,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Evol,No
,Not Recommended,221100,23038931,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dejch,"I want my money back!... really Valve, just look at this mess. How much money they took from this Early Access and what did we got in return? ... always alpha! :("
76561198003491609,Not Recommended,221100,21386327,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Freak,Scam
76561198063202345,Not Recommended,221100,22764207,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,majorjoshx,.
,Not Recommended,221100,24888538,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Bяeitey,3 years alpha
76561198149671547,Not Recommended,221100,25080875,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Vash,The Devs do a great job at keeping their customers wanting to see... their money back.Early access until the end of time confirmed. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,221100,25123511,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,λftershøck,"I could write a whole bunch of nonsense about how much potential this game has/had, but that wouldn't provide you with any useful information on whether to even consider purchasing this game or not. So I'm just going to tell you the plain truth about why this game is a huge disappointment for me and will be for you. I have 470+ hours in this game. Trust me.The screenshots look promising. Decent graphics, interesting environment. But when you launch the game and get to the main menu (IF you get to the main menu), an astonishingly long waiting time awaits you if you decide to load up the servers. It took my €1800 gaming PC roughly five minutes to load 300 servers. Your game will almost completely freeze when it's loading servers. The Filter system to find servers to your preferences is worthless. You can't select ""Only show non-password servers"", there is no option to only search for 3rd person servers and there is no option to search for ""Only Private/Public hives"".Finally found a server that looks good? Join in, spend about five minutes waiting for your PC to get it's ♥♥♥♥ together while you're looking at a grey, blocky environment at literally 1 FPS. Bonus points awarded if you get hit (and get killed) by a zombie you can't see coming at 1 FPS.When luck is on your side, your FPS will rise to a steady 20. Your goal then is to find food since your character is always hungry when he spawns. The thirst will kick in about 10 minutes later. I don't know what on earth they did to the loot spawning system, but finding food is impossible. If you do manage to find any food at all, it will be canned. This requires a can opener to open. Which are rare. All due to the horrendous loot spawning system.I could go on and on about how hard it is to find pretty much anything in this game, but I will spare you from that.The UI is confusing and broken. The primary use of Rags for example is to bandage yourself up. Yet if you right click a rag, the first option is NOT to bandage yourself. The option to actually bandage yourself isn't called ""Bandage"", but rather: ""Use"". And trust me: you'll be bleeding loads of times because actually hitting a zombie with say, an axe, is extremely difficult. That shouldn't be the case.There is a hot bar which - you guessed it - only works half the time. Want it to work? Mash some buttons and hope for the best. There's a good chance your character will simply put the weapon away again right after you equip it. Not to mention there is an even bigger chance the weapon disappears. Just like that. Add a chance of dropping dead by falling a few inches or walking up stairs to that and you've got a recipe for a disastrous game. Imagine spending hours upon hours to get geared up just a little bit, only to drop dead for walking up stairs. It's absurd.The controls are confusing. The game consists 99% out of running, yet running is a mission on it's own due to plain annoying running mechanics. The whole game feels clunky.I wouldn't play this game if I got paid to play it. It's been almost three years since they released the Alpha for this. (Released. Not ""started development"") so it's way too late for me to get some sort of a refund.There is simply too much broken in this game to contain in one review. Even to just remember.Please don't buy this game. For two reasons. Save yourself a headache and don't fund developers like this."
,Not Recommended,221100,29029816,Posted: 5 January,all,Osaka,$35 is better spent on a combat knife to kill yourself with
,Not Recommended,221100,25081638,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Twitch//NmercyRox,"the devs abandoned the game, the game have to many bugs in 3 years never fixed and still is early acces that is a joke, the game is good but in 3 years dont do nothing need other 10 year mores to endit."
76561198258052243,Not Recommended,221100,25864514,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Troubelers,"Im playing this game since it came out on steam... I hate this game wasting my time. Game developers are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I uninstalled it and deleted it from my library, here is why:  Dealing with all the glitches that mess up your gameplay once or twice a day understandable due to alpha, but seeing constantly your gear deleted of your character after hours of looting or character wipe after server restart is just frustrating and it will happen again and again. Developers are not fixing stuff just adding more useless mechanics that noone uses. Right now you dont see anyone travel because people can dupe weapons and ammo and go on kill spree on fresh spawns in cherno. There is high valuable places that you want to visit and be rewarded with good loot but you will face wall glitchers that will ruin your gameplay, therefore you left with just plains and mountains that noone travel. This game is empty and has no future, the only experience you will get is frustration."
,Not Recommended,221100,22817453,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,mskywalker,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,20600230,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Snoopsahoy,Best slideshow simulator
,Not Recommended,221100,20679840,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GΞMѲ,Still as bad as it was when i bought it this time last year...
,Not Recommended,221100,22361131,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,DUCK DUCK DUCK DUCK DUCK DUCK,what
76561198080288336,Not Recommended,221100,21585327,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Hijakei,Running simulator 2.0
76561198194981477,Not Recommended,221100,26009560,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,waissgharebb.10,rubbish game all you do is walk around for hours get stuff then get sniped rage repeat
,Not Recommended,221100,29025449,Posted: 4 January,all,Astrid,"To be fair, I got this game during the period of time when there were no zombies... this review might not count, but my experience was:1. Run around for hours looking for food or water.2. Repeat step 1.The concept is fantastic, but if I wanted a game to be so incredibly realistic, then I would just go outside and walk around for a few hours.All in all? 4/10. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,221100,31229620,Posted: 18 April,all,Prone,Worst game development ever; I've seen congress make more progress than this.
,Not Recommended,221100,24138835,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,arkenton,Truly awful experience failing to deliver enjoyment in any aspect of play. Action is far too scarce. Combat does not flow. Haven't seen a zombie for two days! Disgusting excuse for a game. Shame on you. Give me my money back so I can buy 7 days to die.
,Not Recommended,221100,24824583,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,TopSecretAsian666,"DayZ may look like an epic survival Game BUT NO, IT SUCKS ASSSSSSS I swear if you change servers you lose all your Items i was grinding for 4 hours then I lost all my stuff ♥♥♥♥ THIＳGAME"
,Not Recommended,221100,24940540,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Asad Ude,"Utter garbage do not buy this unless you feel like running around towns finding nothing and than dying by the terrible ai or kos  players, don't buy this game save your money like I should've."
,Not Recommended,221100,25411628,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,アンドリュー,"Just buy 7 Days to Die instead of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ I got it when it was first released, it was awful, 3 years later and nothing has changed."
76561198066207606,Not Recommended,221100,25449381,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Killa B,♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.. been 3 years now and its like day 1.
76561198033389717,Not Recommended,221100,26074006,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,"Ben ""One man Klan"" Garrison",1 UPDATE IN 1 YEAR SCREW THIS GAME BUY RUST LAZY DEVS ARE TERRIBLE
76561198071083799,Not Recommended,221100,26075389,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Devangelo Ortega,i'm sooooooooooooooooooo angry and frustrated playing for hours days and month found 4 ♥♥♥♥ing items. If the developer are infront of me I would scream in their faces.I'm angry because its been 3 or 4 years little to no progress.I want to tell you my fellow players buy (Rust) or (The forest) those are amazing games that are putting in their best work with a lot of progress with acceptable pace.
76561198135721687,Not Recommended,221100,30924949,Posted: 3 April,all,sebastiantz,They stole my Money<34ever Early AccessGG
,Not Recommended,221100,31325849,Posted: 23 April,all,piratethingy,"This game is not a scam. It's just as close as you could get and still be on Steam.P.S. If anyone on the dev team sees this, know I would never have bothered to write this review (notice I hadn't in the last four years) if you weren't censoring people complaining on the community forums. I hope this hurts sales just a littttttttle bit!"
,Not Recommended,221100,24885624,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Datapax,"6 new games started in less than 24 hours.I just don't understand how is it possible in whole 3 villages/small cities there to be NO god d.a.m.n FOOOOOOOOD  >:(. And one can't even keep looking because your character not only starts the game already HUNGRY!!! but he dies of starvation in less than 2 hours. If you don't find any food (which is the most probable outcome), you are dead.Even if you have found yourself a huge bag, filled it with tools, guns, and whatever else you can maybe think of, but NOT A SINGLE CAN OF BEANS my friend. Not a single rotten apple after 3 villages and a major city loot. NOTHING, the result is like 2 hours of playing around just to walk from building to building and collect some staff that YOU NEVER USE BECAUSE YOU DIE OF STARVATION!!!!!My friend this is not just an occasional outcome, this is what I have expirienced from this game almost 85% of the times I have played it. And I really have tried many many times. Always to spend 4-5-6 hours trying, and finally just closing the game and uninstalling it again.Come on! Is it really REALLY SO DIFFICULT to make some more loot?? REALLY????? Make it just a bit more abundant, just to make it possible to play the game a bit more and not to start it over and over again each 2 hours, just when you have found a bag, some bottle of water and a pristine knife or can opener, and you are still alaive!No my friend, no. You are dying of starvation! And not only this, instead - every time you start a new game your lovely character IS ALREADY FAKIN HUNGRY MAN!CMON!!!! IS IT REALLY SO HARD, SO DIFFICULT FOR THOSE PROFFESSIONAL DEVS??????Why did I pay for this????EDIT: Well, this is still where it was. This game is just survival based on apples now : D ... OMG    Whyyy??"
,Not Recommended,221100,25859811,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zaahir Hossain,"This game is a ton of fun and I have had a good time, but I currently (as of version 0.60) do not recommend this game. DayZ is stuck in the well known ""Development Hell"", where the devs are either moving really slowly (like the team is made up of 3 indie devs), or the game has been promised but nothing has been shown. Diablo III is a good example of a Development Hell gone right, but some games never turn up, swept under the rug hoping no one will remember it. While I feel DayZ will be complete, I only recommend it at this state if you are looking for a fun experience with friends, and are wanting to participate in the journey of this development.Another problem with the game is the community. It has sunken down into just KOSers and backstabbers. Many people say that the game sucks because the devs are rarely releasing new content, but I disagree. Bandits aren't bad, but there are too many of them and the reason is because in a game we often lack morals, especially if it is just other people who can't lose something IRL. This leads us to be likeRational AI,where we always make decisions that are easiest and best suite ourselves and our group. Hate to burst your bubble, but it is much easier and better for myself if I just one-tappa kappa you and take your gear, and I don't care because this is just a videogame. With no encouragement to save others, why not just kill them? This is where the ""Hero"" system worked out in the mod. Bandits used to just take your beans and run off, but killing you is much easier, and the damaging gear thing where if you shot someone's pants they and its contents would be damaged didn't help really.In conclusion, wait to buy this game. It is only for those who wish to take a ride on the development rollercoaster. The outlasting problem is the poor community, who just want to take your stuff rather than have fun by handcuffing you and ""arresting"" you. This is fixed somewhat by RP servers, but those have too many rules, and people just rob you of everything and run off, which is worse to me, as I would rather them kill me. Thank you for reading my review and please vote it helpful if you thought it was informative. Good luck if you make this purchase!"
76561198084818536,Not Recommended,221100,30604183,Posted: 18 March,all,Magic Wolf,It's the ♥♥♥♥ing worst game i have ever played in my entire ♥♥♥♥ing life.
,Not Recommended,221100,24945115,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mortal,"This game has a great idea, however, they put it out too early and after they made this mistake, they didnt pay enough effort to meet the expectaion of the early supporters.This is how i found out this game:I had this game for years, and didnt play for years, got back at 0.60.Good experience of the FPS increase.Too many bugs.   I was fully geared once on a private server, lonewolf , died to a staircase.  This alone makes this game suck.So many glitches and hackers(not a big issue on private servers).The lags can be really annoying and kill you at an intense situation.And my finall jugement, if they dont fix this game before 2017,  plz remmber the decision makers of this game, and the company. never never trust them again."
,Not Recommended,221100,25717655,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ludo,"DayZ's prime has come and gone and it pains me to write this review. Now seven hours is not a massive amount of hours played but granted all of my Arma II: Operation Overhead hours I can attribute to playing the DayZ mod. It was an amazing achievment in modding history and gave birth to an entire wave on different games all steming from the same concept (Zombies, Survival).Yet this game is nothing but an old husk of what it once was... Although minor things still get added the developpers seem more interested in adding hat and shirt variations than anything else... The game has virtually no zombies anymore I reinstalled and booted up the game for an hour an was left with nothing but a few cans of beans and a dead open world. I can recommend this game to anyone anymore. It's time has past."
,Not Recommended,221100,26074471,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Foster |  ۞ ۞۞ ۞۞۞ ۞۞ ۞ ۞ ۞ :,"Idiotic development team, constantly taking backwards steps. They don't priorities features properly, the features they do implement are usually pure♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The developers get so worked up by constructive criticism they have resorted to blocking anyone who doesn't say sometime positive about their game. Do not buy it, their money will soon run out and Bohemia will  have to cut the game. I hope this happens soon. (I want a refund too)."
,Not Recommended,221100,24983511,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Apex,"I dont think that this turned out to be the game they intended it to be, though that is primarily due to the *in echoing voice* USER!  Most action takes place in a handful of places where the best gear is found.  Not too fond of the fact that people can ghost (switch servers, move to a new spot a few feet from you and jump back to your server - BOOM HEADSHOT).  I wish that the Devs had made the zombies more plentiful as they are only found in a few places in very low numbers, but perhaps this was ment to be a pvp-centric game, just didn't have that feel in any other aspect.  Its got some neat things but isnt that different from the other Z games that are big titles right now.  Same thing as the last game and the game after this.I do not recommend this game to anyone who gets angry about KOS or who is looking to maintain a persistant and untouched base.  I do recommend it to TROLLS, people only in it for pvp, or that guy."
,Not Recommended,221100,29039479,Posted: 5 January,all,Rigby,"Standalone is okay, and that's probably all it ever will be. When it was first released, it was fun: food and drink weren't a huge deal (although it was still necessary), finding loot was extremely easy, and it actually had a large player base. All of these factors have decayed over time.In fact now, you will SPAWN hungry, meaning you won't get too far without finding food before you die. No problem right? Just check a few houses and you're sure to find a tin of something. In recent updates, you'll probably find some food fairly easily, but it was nothing like when it first started. Loot was more prevalent - but it was the perfect amount! There wasn't too much loot and there wasn't too little. Now however, there is far too little, especially if you're on a heavily populated server.Those who played the game at its release may have noticed a sharp decline in its player base too. The game allegedly sold 2 million copies soon after its release, so surely it must have an active player base, right? It kiiinda does, but not really. There's no one place where you'd expect to find people. That's realistic of a survival game, sure, but it's still an MMO. I personally think there should be at least one place where you should go expecting to meet people. Think of it like Stormwind in WoW.Another con is that there is no real end goal to the game. You spawn, find some entry-level loot in the nearby towns, then hit up an airfield or a military base, (not that Balota or the North East airfield will get you very far as they removed all military loot) and find some good gear. Then what? The developers have had three years to implement some kind of base building element like the in DayZ Epoch for Arma 2. There are tents, yes, but they aren't easily defendable and can only carry limited amounts of gear.Similarly, it feels like the development of the game has made no significant progress. The key factors that a lot of fans wanted from the game weren't implemented until very late, such as vehicles and features such as reliable equipment storage still haven't been added! The game is still hugely buggy to boot. It's nowhere near as buggy as it was at launch but there are still major bugs here and there that cause your character to die.On a positive note, the game is seeing clear improvement and optimisation: it is running better and better on my PC with every update. Also, the modified version of Chernarus the game uses - Chernarus+ - is actually superior to the version used in the original Arma 2 mod: there's more villages, cities and military areas for you to loot. Finally, it is actually a relatively accurate 'survival' game. It's realistic that food will be scarce in the apocalypse, and its realistic that you'll catch hypothermia relatively easily from the harsh cold, but it's not fun when it gets you killed. It becomes terrible when it kills you over and over because you can't find any food or warm clothing.Overall, I'd say mods like Arma 2 Overpoch and Arma 3 Exile are more worth checking out compared to standalone. Although standalone's dwindled player base is starting see more numbers, the mods are played much more frequently and you'll find they have less bugs and more features."
,Not Recommended,221100,30117406,Posted: 23 February,all,Daishi,"So yet another review. I want you to be able to understand my perspective from some of my credentials such as: I was in the military. I work as system administrator now and had contact with countless product companys and every imaginable kind of  department in highly successful companies.So let's start with a few pros:- highly complex game with a lot of features other game developers can only dream about.- intense combat feeling- can also be a quite relaxing game when you walk through the big variety of nature on the map, make a campfire or go fishing.- care for detail- no real competing product with the same complexityNow for the immense problems and why I don't recommend the game:- Due to the complexity many features don't work properly.- False statements about time schedules and deceit about added content in the development, which makes one wonder how high the quality of the endproduct will really be.- Extremly poor costumer service, non existing internal testing, even downright failing to understand what people are criticising- bugfixing of important bugs has been extremly slow due to poor management, even considering that underlying technologies are developed there are many signs of sheer incompetence and neglegence.I am aware that this game has alpha status right now but looking at the 17 years of developing history of BI and that there are the same constant problems with games from BI for 17 years I just don't see how DayZ won't have the same problems we had with future titles like the history of neglect and ignoring major problems and plausible critique from the costumer base."
,Not Recommended,221100,24898984,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,d00b,"DayZ is the only game out of the 150+ games I have on Steam that I wish I did NOT purchase.I know a lot of games require you to run around for hours, but DayZ is the only game where I actually notice it and dread it.It's literally all I think about if I'm considering playing, is how many hours do I really want to run around for without actually accomplishing anything? As you can see, 17.8 hours was enough of it for me to never want to play again."
,Not Recommended,221100,29028387,Posted: 5 January,all,bunyhel,"I had a lot of fun when it was a mod and played it when the highly anticipated standalone was released, which itself was delayed about a year past its original release date.I wanted to check in now after three years of early access development to see if they had fixed anything.  They hadn't.Day Zed should have stayed a mod to arma.  Like a yoghurt shop attached to the gift shop of an actual restaurant, if this is the level of committment Dean Hall wanted to keep it at.My review: two smeckles and a glitched broken thumb stuck in the wall of a lootless military truck"
,Not Recommended,221100,24838895,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sledge Parrot,"Honestly the arma 2 version was better graphics are poor even when I crank it to high, zombies glitch through walls and sometimes are invisible, item spawns are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and half the time so is trying to interact with the items.If you want to play a great zombie game dont buy this one if you want a DayZ experience I would get arma 3 and find a modded server because they are better in everyway"
,Not Recommended,221100,24865058,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,deranker,Probably one of the biggest let downs I have had in gaming.. The devs just really♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed on this one.
,Not Recommended,221100,30110521,Posted: 22 February,all,purSuit | VK,"MAKE GOOD GRAPHICS, IMPROVE YOUR GAME WITH REMOVING GLITCHES, then I'll Recommend this game. Not worth of 19.99€ (bought it 2016)STILL AT EARLY ACCESS...Edit: *Info about this game on front page* WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAMEHAAAHAHAHAHHAHHAAHAHAHAH XD ^^ I MEAN IT, DONT BUY IT!!! They gave up with this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,17163037,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Narondo,This game is in development hell.
,Not Recommended,221100,18944319,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,OctoSnake {Hail Roma},Pros> fun with friends> can eat people> started cannibal cult with 3 other peopleCons>devs ruined it with bad updates>no friendly people> basicly a PVP game
,Not Recommended,221100,21436627,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,El Pichichi,"Nos marronearon con promesas y no nos dejaron ni la plata para el café. Sin duda un avance épico en sacar plata sin dar un producto. GG preorder. 2 años y medio después nos cuentan que lo están haciendo en un engine nuevo, como diría EL comandante ""Yo no te po creer""."
76561197983624334,Not Recommended,221100,31248490,Posted: 19 April,all,Ricky Spanish,the mod was the♥♥♥♥♥♥ This was a steaming pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,18318711,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,DaaOtaku,"Friends will treat you like♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game and has massive framerate issues and ping issues full of glitches friends wont like you in game if you forget something or make the slightest error people also kill you for no reason as of .57Edit: FrameRate issues are fixed ping is still meh, community is worse and as of .61 there is no loot anywhere, this game is boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥still dont reccomend"
76561198165085395,Not Recommended,221100,18350437,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,JackThePedo,devs are crap
,Not Recommended,221100,18698878,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Aven,"""Bohemia Interactive has bought itself a a decommissioned T-72 main battle tank. While the developer is doing incredibly well with zombie survival game DayZ, it's mostly known for its hardcore war games like Arma."" - Destructoid..."
,Not Recommended,221100,18772126,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kevin Bacon,♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,221100,22902846,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,CONTROL,Keep your money and run! Come back in a few years to see if they done a update
,Not Recommended,221100,18666271,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,TheeIntrepidGamer,"No, just no."
,Not Recommended,221100,18836910,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,jarf3x,"Why are my friends being dishonest about this game?It's horribly optimized,almost all of the community is♥♥♥♥♥♥And they fixed the zombie problem by removing them...Yeah, don't even think about this game until, like, 2025, or something."
,Not Recommended,221100,18115089,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,frenchymeister,so broken its not funny. your decision to buy this game but i suggest wait till its fully released. better off spending your money on something else.
76561198086178004,Not Recommended,221100,18647336,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,bagel,"complete BS. doesnt even work at all. I dont care that they are caling it early access. Other early access games on steam actually work. It takes 10 minutes to open, then you come to a screen without a mouse, and then i spent an hour getting the screen resolution changed to windowed, where the window is a tiny box in the corner of your screen. At least the mouse is visible inside windowed resolution. This is a warning to anyone who has yet to buy this game: Its been in Development for over 3 years and the devs are more worried about putting guns and bugs (each update makes more bugs than it fixes) into the game then fixing a catostrophic problem. DO NOT BUY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES0/10 Would get Refund Again"
,Not Recommended,221100,22961966,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Ikari Shinji,Trash dev team ruining a very promising game...
76561198043848658,Not Recommended,221100,18760531,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Rommie,172 Hours of boredom. I want a refund.
,Recommended,221100,23599401,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,👑Shar[D],"After they fixed the fps issues, I started to like this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,8354487,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Morisco #AFK_Traveling,Fµckin $hitty zombie game with no zombies in itand Why the fµck the xbox controller not working M0THERFµCKER
76561198031595049,Not Recommended,221100,33954877,Posted: 1 August,all,squerieli,"One map ""chernarus"" will never be another if they say there will be it will take a few years (No it wont cause it wont happen) because they are trying to make another engine for the game while they are spitting out Patches but it is still the same dissapointing  pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥with nothing New but a few multi colored shirts and pants and weapons that u will never find,Then we have the whole purpose of the game, Gear up on so much♥♥♥♥♥♥that u can carry only to get frameratedepression as soon as combat appears then u regroup with friends with the help of a webbrowser Map because apparently its to ♥♥♥♥ing difficult to use the same mapsystem as Arma (Wana be Survival emersive ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) or u get a bad spawn so then u have to kill yourself, there is no groupsystem so if u lose eachother you need to explaining the ♥♥♥♥ing terrain before you or get shot by a team8. Cars dont exist because they are  ""Experimental"" wich is an excuse for being ♥♥♥♥ing lazy and not feeling like fixing the Actual game and it wont progress because they already have ur money and dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about ur thoughts on improvments and negative aspects of the game So ♥♥♥♥ you. Lets celebrate Early access since 2013 yey congratz.♥♥♥♥ you and ur (you/You´re/your) grammar picky♥♥♥♥♥♥ Peace"
,Not Recommended,221100,22890060,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Darko,why is this game still in alpha with all the funding its received for 3 years?
,Not Recommended,221100,23294238,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,dylanzoog,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄DayZ▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198078880059,Not Recommended,221100,22653528,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Rambobabymuncher,"My DayZ exprience is like my experience losing my virginity.I paid €28, i expected alot but just got a place full of bugs and could only last 49 seconds without breaking down."
76561198079549130,Not Recommended,221100,30677358,Posted: 22 March,all,Zoo,"I strongly suggest you dont buy this game, dev team block people on twitter for constructive criticism. The game is unplayable and rarely updates, it is also extremely behind schedule."
76561198072964480,Not Recommended,221100,30769717,Posted: 27 March,all,Madman,Okay i would like to start by saying this game is absolute ♥♥♥♥ing trash. do not waste 35 dollars on this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ i would rather stick scissors in my♥♥♥♥♥and twist them around the spend another god for saken minute on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pls do not support these jewish ♥♥♥♥ing terrorist scum game developers with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ing piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game! ♥♥♥♥ dean hall ♥♥♥♥ dayz and ♥♥♥♥ you
76561198120825440,Not Recommended,221100,29956046,Posted: 15 February,all,[ZSU] Jonesyy,"DO NOT buy this game. 4 years later and it's still the pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥it was when it released, such a ♥♥♥♥ing money grabber. If you want to enjoy ""DayZ', play the mod.Thanks for stealing my money ya money hungry♥♥♥♥♥♥♥....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
76561198029376179,Not Recommended,221100,16271658,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Spinophile,Nope
,Not Recommended,221100,18153858,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,andy,"Bought it during the hype when it first released on steam, played it with some friends and had some good laughs. Think i only enjoyed the game because i was playing with them though, most of the time in this game you're going to be running.You spawn, run to the nearest town (could take anywhere from 10-30 minutes real time), look for loot, then run around a bit more until you either; get killed by a hacker, die to a glitch like falling through stairs or a ceiling, get sniped by someone when they put down the book they were probably reading to stave off the boredom.Did i mention that the zombies probably have the worst AI i've ever seen in a game? They can clip through walls and seem to be able to see you through walls. That is if you actually find a zombie however, expect to find one or two in each town that's just going to be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥The one good memory i had of this game was actually caused by a glitch. A friend of mine managed to duplicate some handcuffs, trolled me by cuffing me, but then we figured out the duped handcuffs couldn't be unlocked with his key so i was stuck at the top of a firestation surrounded by a group of 3-4 enemy players trying to kill us.Goodluck trying to play this game if you have low spec hardware, the optimization is shocking and for a recentish game it's not exactly pretty so who knows what's eating up the performance.I actually tried to refund it because they've failed to fulfill their promises 3 years down the line, it's not as if they were short on money, but steam denied my refund request. I tried to support an alpha that sounded great in theory, but it turned out just to be a cash grab.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. EVER.There are better games out there. Buy Rust, Arma 3 / Arma 2 + OA, hell even H1Z1 is better than this ♥♥♥♥♥how."
,Not Recommended,221100,25472649,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Duker Nuker,"this game makes me want to ♥♥♥♥ing die, ♥♥♥♥ this game"
76561198142543657,Not Recommended,221100,29137996,Posted: 9 January,all,Just Ashyj,"Used to look very promising however there are way too many glitches problems and promised updates that have never come. Look to other survival games for the best experience. EDIT: There is one server that is good 420 Gaming, instant spawn at NWAF with full gear its like Free for all, other than that cars are still teleporting around and gun reactions are slow."
,Not Recommended,221100,17215739,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,The First Order,A walking simulator that has sold over 3 million copies and will never actually be released.
,Not Recommended,221100,23189317,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Squango Brundus,Dont buy this  i bought this on release almost 3 years ago they've made absolutely no progress at all you're better off playing  the ♥♥♥♥ing mod game runs like absolute trash and i've gone to high from low there is no ♥♥♥♥ing difference everyone i know has had this issue dont gives these pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥your money like i did i hope the entire devteam  has a stroke so this game can stay in alpha forever but im sure it probably ♥♥♥♥ing will anyway
,Not Recommended,221100,23273962,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,northwind,Amazing bugs pack only for 34.99$!
64629791291311234,Not Recommended,221100,24107625,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,TRYxHARD hellcase.com,laggy not enough people not enough weapons
,Not Recommended,221100,25423907,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Bidorfus,This is the worst steam purchase I've ever made. I had more fun playing with my Awp skin in csgo than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198127902100,Not Recommended,221100,17509277,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Steak Knife,"This game is $35 you'll never get back. It's so buggy and half the time the inventory just goes stupid and doesn't work. I always hear how much fun DayZ is so I bought it. I regret spending my money on this game and I wish I had got H1Z1 instead. Yeah I know its in Alpha, BUT ITS BEEN IN ALPHA FOR 2 YEARS. Fix your freaking game."
76561198072126928,Not Recommended,221100,17975244,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Cryptix,"Ultra Graphics in a forest 120 fps, Very low graphics in a town, 10fps. Best game ever -10/10 IGN BORING AS ♥♥♥♥! too bad couldn't get my refund"
,Not Recommended,221100,18459867,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ew|mp3,3 years of stomping ground and becoming worse than the original free mod for ArmA II. What the hell are these guys doing? The creator of the project abandoned ship early on and then it just died.
,Not Recommended,221100,22246947,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,NadroJ-MAGA,It has been 3 years and still there is a massive amount of FPS problems. I have an i7 5960x Haswell a GTX 980ti and 16 gigs of ram and still end up getting 20 fps throught most of the map.
76561197996723798,Not Recommended,221100,22344156,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,EvilJam,"Finish what you started, or find a new career you artless thieves."
76561198048618481,Not Recommended,221100,22920787,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Sparkling Nugz,GAME STILL SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥AFTER 2 YEARS.. BOUGHT IT BACK WHEN IT WAS 20$ WORST 20$ SPENT EVER
,Not Recommended,221100,21736190,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Freezak,If i could reverse time i'd never get that♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031740291,Not Recommended,221100,18769937,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Innocent Book,WORST SANDBOX ZOMBIE GAME ON PLANET EARTH.
76561198031253971,Not Recommended,221100,20557514,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,JohnnyKeys,"Dean Hall and Bohemia may be morally bankrupt for doing this, but who cares? They're now rich as hell.This game will go down in histroy, for the wrong reasons."
,Not Recommended,221100,22281954,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Liquid Sammy,I bought this game back in 2013. I've come back to it every now and then. Honestly wish I had spent my money on about 50 overpriced Mars bars.
76561197975871781,Not Recommended,221100,31219325,Posted: 18 April,all,Lord Nirvash,"4 years, and game is still the same s**t"
,Not Recommended,221100,23028626,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Lebowski,"Definitely my worst Steam purchase ever.  After 2 1/2 years, the ""it's Early Access"" excuse doesn't hold water, but developer Bohemia continues to use it as a dam.  It speaks volumes about what kind of company they are to not care that 3 mil+ players who bought their game can't play it pretty much at all.It's one thing to have some bugs, stability or performance issues, or a bad patch during early development/EA.  It's another to completely ignore these issues and so many players for years and not care about their quality of play at all, while stringing them along with promises of improvements and features for years that literally zero have come to the game.  Not to mention while also releasing other early access games.Other games in the same genre have completely scrapped their game, rewritten the whole code base, and changed out all art assets.  In the same time, Dayz has been patched 2-3 times adding pointless items, not improving the game at all and not making any progress, while releasing a roadmap they haven't completed a single item on.And make no mistake, this isn't some tiny indie developer with no money.  The Arma games (as well as this) have sold well on Steam for years.  Because of this I refuse to buy Arma 3 (along with any other games they release), even when it's on sale for $20.If the developer really has intentions of completing the game and making it decent, their best bet is to scrap what they have to start on either their latest engine (used in Arma 3), or probably the better choice would be to use another, proven engine such as Unreal or Unity.  Bohemia clearly aren't capable of building their own engine."
,Not Recommended,221100,22635715,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,LCP. Fuzzybutt,"Currently I cannot in good consience recommend this game.Pro's-Can be good fun in a group.-Looting is very satisfying.Con's-The running from the coast to whatever place to gear up gets really repetetive.-Bugs make you not want to bother to do everything again.-I'd say the community is bad, but when there's really nothing else to do besides shooting bambi's...-I know it's alpha, but the bugs man... this game should be pre-alpha at times...I've got a couple of hours invested in this glossy trashbag, and I like it. But buy it on sale, please. I'm really glad at this point in time and space the game is in to not have paid the full price for it.Not to excrete fecal mater upon the devs, but guys, how are you so slow in fixing certain things? A hotfix to patch a big annoying bug won't kill you...On to the rankings;Looting - 10/10Shooting - 8/10Running - 1000miles/10Fun people in game - 5/10Farming - 1/10Frustrating - 10/10PS. Steam needs a ""Meh, kinda?"" recommendation option."
,Not Recommended,221100,22245552,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Motion,"Do i recommend this game? Hell no it's the biggest peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥i've ever played... Does it have potential Not from what i've played...FPS FPS FPS FPS FPS.. I have a good computer and this game runs like a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥even after an hour of screwing with the settings, Not to mention the bugs... I bought this game 2 years ago and nothing has changed all they have done is waste their time adding new guns and not making the gameplay any better."
,Not Recommended,221100,23273699,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,XyJad,"This game lacks object, character or atmosphere. This game tries to acomplish too much and bypasses the basics of any game - sevearly lacks a narative."
,Not Recommended,221100,20618840,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Yeezus,"- I got into PC gaming because of the mod, it was amazing I cried tears of joy because of how unomptimized Arma 2 was plus running a huge mod on the engine was poop. Rocket started posting blog updates adding so much hype I was just as happy as can be hearing stuff like ""we love our community and this was always for the fans so we will never make the price go over 15 dollars.""- Game comes out....$20 then $25 then $30 now $35- Game comes out missing almost everything the mod had.- Game less optimized then mod- Devs have no clue what they are doing- Devs ♥♥♥♥ed up so bad they took ZOMBIES out of a ZOMBIE survival game.- Still just as bad after two years in alpha- Creator of the game gets♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money takes it then quits leaviung a broken game.- 0 outta 10"
76561198021458183,Not Recommended,221100,22264772,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,DJRYNO,this game sucks...big ol....
76561197975694066,Not Recommended,221100,22530164,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,peXmo,"This game will most probably never reach the polished state it needs to be enjoyable. One plays the game day after day on a hope, a lie to one self, that it has that survival aspect and hardcore tactical combat.... but it does not.There is no point to gather food and such items after the first 30 minutes, if one does not just exploit some bugs and have unlimited food right awayThe zombies are a joke still, no point in them being there.Combat is so broken and strange where running, at the really fast movement speed that there is, is the key tactic.I had fun my first days with this, but it has evolved nothing in the aspects that matter.I hope I am proven wrong but this game is never going to feel done and really playable.It can be defended as ALPHA as much as it likes, but the game is being sold so I have to put this out there to warn people that dread about a proper survival game.This is not it."
,Not Recommended,221100,22667230,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,DangerMuffu,While runing i am falling asslep nothing good happens all gered up .... even now i want to sleep
,Not Recommended,221100,20729720,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Wilcar,TRASH.
,Not Recommended,221100,21289460,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,1 hot mama,"Possibly the ♥♥♥♥♥est, clunkiest, worst optimised, horrible network issue riddled game i've ever played. ♥♥♥♥ this game"
76561197989978598,Not Recommended,221100,23312623,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Warfingers,Like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ wrapped in cat♥♥♥♥♥♥ with bird♥♥♥♥♥♥springled on top.
76561198061379936,Not Recommended,221100,25031855,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,zieralol,Still no zombies :P do not buy
,Not Recommended,221100,30740405,Posted: 25 March,all,NienJaunJaun,Devs dont listen
,Not Recommended,221100,24103100,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Raynee-iwnl-,So boring by yourself and even with friends it is so hard to do anything because all you do is lag and die
,Not Recommended,221100,30915607,Posted: 2 April,all,phO,still early access
76561198072234870,Not Recommended,221100,31121472,Posted: 13 April,all,Yan's Doppelgänger(YarYarBinks),Worst game developers ever! Even worst than No Man's Sky's team!
76561197970920299,Not Recommended,221100,24976545,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Machine,"Let me tell you....I am MAD.....heres why....First of all I played the Arma mod for days and loved it. I wanted to like the standalone as well....I played this for 46 minutes its Pathetic....for the money and the time it has been in Alpha....I waited years to buy this and it is just plain bad.   I expected a smooth running game experience you will not find that here. It plays very clunky...and buggy. You run around a corner or through an opening and it would grab me a pull me back a meter or so....or flip me around 180 degrees .....it was strange almost like rubberbanding in a way. I was the only person on the server, I have a great machine and an awsome IC, so it has to be bad collision boxes or bad code or something.I think Arma had fake doors as well but I expected more from the Devs in the stand alone.......the world has fake doors, you run to a door and it does nothing and you cant even smash it down......Hell just make an opening or nothing at all. Too lazy to finish the model and create the room for the door open to?  So 1/2 to 3/4 of the doors you try will not open.....think of all the time people in this game have spent trying to open doors that will not open...What a waste of time.The character creation.......what a joke.. I would make a custom character....and then be a the default black guy, make a new character, press accept and then be the default black guy. Create the default Dean character, press accept and again be the default black guy.  Nothing wrong with being a black guy....but I do not want to play a black guy in my games.This is a supposed to be a Zombie/Pvp Survival game. Ok fine trying to kill a zombie with and axe, I felt like a one armed man in a boxing match.  I would swing the axe and it just looked and felt...BAD. The way the zombies attacked and and fought was 2008 not 2016....Never got to the pvp uninstalled before that.Its kinda sad, they made bank with the Arma mod.....Were given mega bank to create the stand alone and little indie game companies with 1/20 or less of a budget and probably 1/10th or less of the manpower are creating better games and smother running products on the fricken Unity engine. If I was in charge of this project....I would be embarassed.Ok im not a fanboi...thats for sure....I was when I played the Arma mod. I have been playing vid games for almost 30 years and can tell how a games plays (character movement....controls....jumping animation and landing....punching and melee weapon actions etc) in a matter of minutes....for the money and time they have had at this point in time they have created 5/8 to 3/4 of a game and climbed Everest (which is impressive) this game sure isnt."
,Not Recommended,221100,21737477,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,XaviOrin,"This game was fun when it first went into alpha, some of the bugs caused issues but after a few weeks the game was better and we could live with some of the issues. Fast forward 2 years and this game is still in alpha with almost zero signs of ever being completed. Honestly they keep saying they're working on a new engine, I would say the same thing if I never intended to do anything else with the game. This game has gotten worse, people will defend it saying that its in alpha so its expected.... yeah of course its expected but not when you've been here from day one and 2 year later the game is WORSE than it was the day you purchased prealpha early access. The game costs more now than it did when I first baught in. All they've done that I can tell is break loot, break doors, floors, break characters, reset official servers, add some items and a vehicle or two and helicopter drops..... 2 years and that's all they've done. If you havent purchased this game DO NOT waste your money. If they ever finish it then maybe you can change your mind and not regret it later"
76561198079650775,Not Recommended,221100,23044164,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ッ shde,"i mean like...umm... it looks prettyand now apperently it runs better... which i cant find out for my self because i cant get into a server...the only progress on the mod is that it looks slightly better(which was dec 16, 2013 upon release...)right now DO NOT BUY Dayz Standalone because if you want to play the game you are going to have to use .59 which runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥  If you really really want to play then go get the arma2 mod, it runs better than .59, there is more stuff, better mechanics, and nicer/smarter people.Review as of 5/17/2016"
,Not Recommended,221100,25025421,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Norwegian Pizza Pocket Problem,Never ever ever gonna download this trash memester game again my dudes.
76561197976040363,Not Recommended,221100,26695713,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Wolfsblut,"I still remember playing the DayZ Mod for Arma 2 very well (I bought the game just to play the Mod). What fun that was.When I heard that there was going to be a Standalone Version of DayZ I was almost jumping for joy. So many great things were promised and it just sounded so fantascic.Now, 4 Years later the Standalone Version still can not offer what the Mod allready could back then and looking at the progress the game made in that time I don't think it will change in the next 4 years either.But... If you want to play a PVP Shooter with almost no Zombies and a few minor and very basic survival aspects such as hunger and thirst, then this might infact be a game for you."
,Not Recommended,221100,31047682,Posted: 9 April,all,Marxist-Leninist Cat,its been too logfinally gave upso much potential straight to the bin
,Not Recommended,221100,21977706,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Hudson633,"Shockingly a game that's been developed for so long doesn't seem to have a method for checking how many bullets you have in your gun. In my 4 hours I found stuff like tomatoe seeds and dozens of shirts, but no bullets. Paying for a game to run around for hours with empty guns was not enjoyable.ːbronzestarːːSpaceStarːːSpaceStarːːSpaceStarːːSpaceStarː"
,Not Recommended,221100,29058222,Posted: 6 January,all,Potter,"I feel like 46 hours worth of gameplay is enough to judge this game, Its bad, This game is just all round bad, I really wanted it to be something good but its just not, after over 3 years in development you would think it would be a decent game but its really not.Lets talk about it shall we?Im an armaholic, I have over 2000 hours in arma 3 alone and more in other Bi games, I played ever type of game mood in the arma series from the Dayz mod to life mods, and I generally love everything that Bi games can do except Dayz.Im Starving.Im Starving.I need to eat something.This is the worst game mechanic in the history of game mechanics. Seriously? Why is this a thing? Every 30 seconds to a minute the game reminds you that you need to eat, even after you just ate. Only when you stuff yourself does it allow you a respite from this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and frankly idiotic system. even then, 10 minute's later....... I need to eat somethingIm starvingIm starvingI feel like Im grinding in warthunder.P.s you can actually see apples on the apple trees but apparently your character is blind or stupid, and will only find an apple 1 outa 5 times on the tree, Like wtf is that? if you cut down the apple tree? Do you all the apples from the tree? Nope they are magically gone.Your ever decide to remove any of this this, I'll take another look at your game.KOS- Kill on sightFor a survival game the developers have a very negitive outlook on how people would survive, in small groups, yes?No, you are on your own, you will die, always and everywhere, even when you play with friends, and you work in a team, if you get shot, you are very likely to die before you can get help, Im okay with this, but its really not hard for the devs to add a system into the game that allows or even rewards team play. If your looking for a game that you can play realistly with friends? go play the Dayz mod or its countless spin offs, this is not a game you can play with friends as you will spend at least an hour getting back to them if you die, even give DAYZRP a goo if you can roleplay a bit as thay have rules on KOS.Logic in this game is non existant, for all the arguements the developers make, there are 10 counterarguements that make more ♥♥♥♥ing sense, Just dont buy it, Its♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would rather play No mans sky. thats how bad and illogical this game is."
,Not Recommended,221100,23370929,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,TheDarkness,"Dont bother, Just dont."
,Not Recommended,221100,25308777,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,markfoged,"Bought this game. Played it for a bit, thought ""yeah this is pretty cool, still got a lot of stuff to fix before it's a good game. I'll wait until it's done then pick it up again.""That was over two years ago. Still in ""early access"". I feel scammed."
76561198089521252,Not Recommended,221100,29057363,Posted: 6 January,all,CaptinSparkles,"You end up finding out what the meta is, not doing that, afk walking to random♥♥♥♥♥cities and looting them, then getting one shot by zombies when you're fully geared.Better wastes of time out there imo."
76561198037657910,Not Recommended,221100,23947214,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,VeteranBunny,I've had this game for a while now and while there have been some good updates like fixing the problem with zombies running through walls. This game is just very time consuming. You'd be lucky to find decent gear within an hour of playing. Mostly because most of the game is basically running. Not to mention the rubber banding. I ran for about 30 minutes to finally find a town and as soon as I step foot in it. I get put back about 1km and have to make the run all over again. This game really needs to get it's♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fast. There's an entire team of people working on this game. What they hell are they doing with their time?!
76561198069477299,Not Recommended,221100,30741006,Posted: 25 March,all,Host,The developers don't work on this game. Do not purchase!
,Not Recommended,221100,31373991,Posted: 26 April,all,Hunteroid,Complete sh*t! Don't buy if you value your money!The eternal alpha.
76561197991523385,Not Recommended,221100,26665432,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,shift.2004,"Still waiting for the BETA, after all this time. WHEN WILL THIS GAME EVER RELEASE!? I feel like a total sucker for buying this game. I knew it was early access, but the original DayZ mod and it's newer iterations have far surpassed the standalone from what I've seen. By the time it comes out, we might all be zombies for real."
76561198049621925,Not Recommended,221100,25080752,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Cuntee',Seems to be Abandonware and I'd really like my money back 3+ years for Alpha is a bit ridiculous...
76561198047022794,Not Recommended,221100,24112323,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tropical Salade,to much time in alpha.
,Not Recommended,221100,24113714,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dojan,"Spend your money elsewhere. This isn't really worth backing since it's not going anywhere.Last time I played they'd completely removed zombies from the game, without the titular zombies you're just left with Day. If you get this for free, you could probably have some fun with it, but even so there's better free games out there."
,Not Recommended,221100,25431296,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Jaqen H'ghar,"So ARMA 3 has many mods that will blow this game out the window, shame really with time, effort and dedication this could of been the game to keep coming back too without regret. If you're looking to buy this game please hold out until or 'WHEN' this game will be finished. If you have a decent rig buy ARMA 3 best game I have on my steam by far. Sadly I am not able to play it until I get my new graphics card."
,Not Recommended,221100,25684832,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,CesarSMX,3 years in alpha?? really??? ♥♥♥♥ this game..
76561198056570258,Not Recommended,221100,26685068,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Ausman,"I wanted to like it because I was looking for something a bit less run-and-gun, ammo everywhere, survivors in APCs than most of the A3 mods.The problem is it just doesn't feel good.  Depending on settings, the controls vary between jittery and sloppy.  The melee combat is unsatisfying and the zombies seem to have all the same glitches as the free mods.  I can appreciate it for the challenge it presents, but that's about as far as I can go."
,Not Recommended,221100,35216005,Posted: 25 September,all,Ｓｅｎｐａｉ Ｓａｍ,A game I've wasted over 800 hours on for constant disappointment. I've spent too much time defending this game but I simply cannot anymore. Maybe I'll recommend it if beta ends up being good but if you've played it you learn not to become optimistic.Idea/Premise - 10/10Execution - 2/10
,Not Recommended,221100,23964950,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Aignix,"not only is this game been in development for the past 4+ years and sold over 1 mil. copies but they feed you the garbage of we are working dilligentley even tho dean hall bailed. yeah he bailed cause he got his paycheck and made his money.broken game for over 3 years now 1 update every so when ever they feel like it. and norrmaly the updates are trash as well nothing good has came from this game they are putting 2 people on it to do updates and updateing it just enought to ""keep people happy"" till the game eventualy dies.and they run with the money and make a dayz 2 or 3 and make the same prommises.for those who havent caught on there post mods are deleting anything bad you say about the game and then banning you for speeking against them.i was banned in community for saying this:Finish Vehicles ,Optimazation, fix broken Zombies,and Leave it alon give workshop access and admit you Skrewed the pooch on this one let people fix your broken game."
76561197965644572,Not Recommended,221100,25495913,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Carpe Noctem,TO preface this I have been watching videos of this game for a long while now. I understood most of it before last nights purchase. I spent 4 hours starving to death as 5-6 servers had every door open and ever building ransacked for an hours try each. I come to find out that the DEV team have increased the hardship so the long haul players can struggle more and the re spawns on items have been dramatically reduced.How is that fair to a new player or one who cannot be on during the times when  items finally re-spawn Due to real world life. I understand you wish to keep your Die hards happy but to ostricize the people just buying the game to do it isn't fair to new players. I have filed for a refund and will buy arma and play the mod.
,Not Recommended,221100,26112653,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,AuzzieMuzzer69,Just utter crap
,Not Recommended,221100,29985681,Posted: 17 February,all,Calbinaters,"Well, where do we get started with DayZ Standalone.. This game has started out amazing, updating almost every 2 weeks, it was doing great. Then all of a sudden, it went to every 1-2 months which was still really good. But now, it is updating every 6-8 months. I have been a long time supporter for this game, I've had it since the early days (December 2013), and I have always supported then and said they are working hard, I now realize, this dev team is the laziest dev team that has ever made a game. They have said that the beta version will be coming out q4 of 2015, it's now 2017, and there is NO sign of beta coming ANYTIME soon. I have given up on this game and the devs. It started out great, 30k people playing all the time, LOOT actually spawned, there was still a good community, and now it is just ♥♥♥♥, especially the community, it's full of people who cheat and glitch. There is no point to be playing this game, it is best to go back to the mod for now, we have a good community on DayZ Mod US434, if you guys want to come join, that would be great! But the standalone will never be a complete game, and this is coming from someone who has 3k hours and started out on the original arma 2 dayz mod. Well until then, see you in Cherno."
,Not Recommended,221100,30900924,Posted: 2 April,all,Kentucky Fried Justice,"Been in Early Access since I bought in summer of 2014. Development just seems intentionally slow and lazy. And $35 still after so long? There are so many more complete renditions of this idea (H1Z1, 7 Days to Die, even No More Room in Hell) that not only have a more complete sense of gameplay, but are just cheaper. Why spend $35 on DayZ when you could find another for almost half that. At this point if you still want the game, you're crappy experience is on you. Just don't get upset when your friends go to play H1Z1 together and you're stuck with the shell of a once promising idea."
76561198091833947,Not Recommended,221100,30619479,Posted: 19 March,all,Ajambo,Bad game m8
,Not Recommended,221100,30823688,Posted: 29 March,all,The Architect,Developers are Verified Dogshit. They have no idea what they are doing. Don't buy this trash game.
,Not Recommended,221100,30675783,Posted: 22 March,all,Iced_Up,"waste of money, had potentional but left to dust"
,Not Recommended,221100,30676106,Posted: 22 March,all,Shnakan,3+ Years and no progress into this game almost impossible to play with friends
,Not Recommended,221100,30705214,Posted: 24 March,all,TerrorSocke,Biggest rip-off ever !
76561198254912506,Not Recommended,221100,30692001,Posted: 23 March,all,Cachin LFT,Worst game i've ever played. I'd rather play h1z1 then this♥♥♥♥♥♥i spent 3 hours trying to find loot and i only found a backpack.
76561198094619319,Not Recommended,221100,30669109,Posted: 22 March,all,sockpuppet,Steals your money and leaves...
,Recommended,221100,13749241,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Катю́ша,"Dayz. What this game does to you is just punish you for sucking, breaking you down into giving up, but within every fresh spawn, the fire to start again sparks up. I've played this game for about 24 hours and I feel like a whole different person now. The emotions are as real as life. I met another fresh spawn named Michael. At this point I was still a noob just trying to learn so that maybe one day I could perhaps be a hero watching over the coast for any fresh spawn killing bandits. Michael taught me how to play, what buildings to search in for certain items,and to always stuff myself when I found a well. Michael and I always played when we were both on so that we could travel to Elektro, and all the other large cities ,and make sure we have each others backs. We traveled within the boundaries of multiple cities escaping firing bandits and people trying to ""axe"" us some questions. We eventually made it to a military base above Balota. Michael wanted us to kill ourselves so that we could begin anew, but now, Michael was now using scripts (basically hacks.) This didn't feel right in my stomach, having an unfair advantage over someone who could've been new just like me. So when Michael spawned in the base with me I put him down. I'm now watching over the coast line for any bandits, giving food to the needy, and keeping the coast a safe-zone for fresh spawns. I'd like to thank Michael for teaching me the game , and for all the adventures we had. I'll cherish them. Dayz changes you even in one day. I'd give Dayz a 10/10. PTSD Simulator 2014. R.I.P. Michael 2014-2014"
,Not Recommended,221100,18123816,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Cubly,"Waste hours finding guns, to find absolutely no ammo."
76561198080940922,Not Recommended,221100,16159251,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Jackiebabz,"I just tried to get a refund and i got this message: ""This purchase is outside of the product return window and can not be refunded."" This is because i bought this game on December 22nd 2013, the game was in early access then and it is still in early access now as I right this review (3rd of june 2015).Should you buy this game? - NO!I regretted buying this game as soon as i played it, the lack of content is a huge let down and the bugs and glitches are atrocious. All I wanted after playing this game for a painful 15 hours was a refund, but there was no feature for this on steam at the time and now that there is i can't get a refund because i bought the game over a year ago. This game is a true piece of gaming sh*t and the creaters should be ashamed.IF YOU HAVE JUST BOUGHT THIS GAME GET A REFUND NOW! Don't be like me praying every night for my money back.UPDATE - As of the current date (07/01/2017) there has been some stuff added and some problems have been fixed but there's still not enough content to justify the full price unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,221100,16902568,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,regoating,"The year is 2150. The lands have been ravaged by war. Humanity is on the brink of extinction. And only one thing is certain: DayZ will still be in early access for at least another 50 years.Seriously though, the developers made the game and then abandoned it instantly. Still buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥(especially the zombies) and runs like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥too, although I don't think my system is that bad for it to just be me.If you wanna play DayZ, buy Arma II and download the original mod for it, instead of paying terrible developers for a terrible game. They pretty much stole from us.GG"
76561198096236340,Not Recommended,221100,14135436,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Napps,"This game is so glitchy. After years of the game being out, it is sad. REFUND."
,Not Recommended,221100,22633349,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Sir Agrevan,Ohh AhhhWARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAMEReleased 16.12. 2013EA survival training.-nice-.~  2018WOW 3 YEARS !!! CONGRATULATIONS !!!
76561198045633951,Not Recommended,221100,14693913,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Rapter,"Dayz is a sh!t alpha just buy the game and store it it until it comes out of alpha!A year+ later and the game is basically the same as when i left it..........Except they managed to make it worse....At this point im going to just buy Arma 2 and download the mod.Get in server still have all my ♥♥♥♥ ...F*ck yeah!!!!20 Undead attack me ...np I still have my pistolStuck in police building with 20 (now properly dead) undead.Too many bodys  on the floor wont let me walk out....(oh wait Dayz Devs have a hide body function)Try and locate the hide body function...(WTF is the point of having a search body feature if the undead never have anything)- Update they now have kiwis........the undead like pristine kiwisDayz devs f*ck up and have removed the function...Live the rest of my life in ♥♥♥♥♥♥ office.......Eat your oats kidz.............______________________________________________________________The Year is 2016, its been 3 years since dayz was released....And Finally they have made some progress.Not great but it is getting there!At this rate it will need another 3 years to get to a fully functioning game.....Eat your oats kidz.............______________________________________________________________The Year is 2017, its been 4 years since dayz was released....AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND we have a more stable game, but at this rate in 2027 this game will be completed, and I will president of Omicron Persei 8............"
76561198022361903,Not Recommended,221100,14613941,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ksgallimore,"10/10 Would not play again. I've played this game since it was an ARMA II mod. The mod looks better and plays better than the stand alone, not sure how thats even possible. Yes I realize that this game is in beta, it has been for around 2 years.This game represents everything that is wrong with the new pay for early access scheme. Does it make sense to you that you have to PAY the company to beta test their game? You're paying them to tell them about all of their own problems. Which isn't even the biggest issue:DayZ has already made the majority of their money off of this game, the majority of their target audience has already purchased the game which means they don't stand to make much more money off of it. Which means that the game will never really reach the state that we all hoped for.Don't waste your time buying this game, h1z1 (hate to mention that here) is about to become free to play & while the game isn't perfect, DayZ could never live up to what it already is."
,Recommended,221100,8661813,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Funkay,fell off a roof and died10/10
,Recommended,221100,8671669,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Batt,"First, I spawned in, found a disinfectant spray, saw the drink button, stared drinking, then soon after I died. This game is realistic. 13/10"
76561198018028922,Not Recommended,221100,15084501,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,ReficulDrol,2 years and still Alpha... nuf said
,Recommended,221100,8125902,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Doctor,"For it being an alpha this game is well worth the $30. For only having 3 guns in the game atm, it surpasses infestation. The immesion is so deep and enriching, other than the stupid ""im hungry"" things it doesnt break that realism feeling. The bandits are better than ever, not many KOS anymore. They will tell you to get down and handcuff you and rob you and let you go. Which actually allows heros to not be as scared to try and help people! It gives a whole different feeling of this game! Characters do get delted everyonce and a while but its an alpha. This game has the potential to make me drain hundrends of hours into it and so far it looks like I might just do that! Worth the money 10/10."
,Recommended,221100,8834425,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Nsqui,"Spawned on a paved road. Following it, I entered a small town, and calmly approached a house seeking to loot it. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a voice over the comms said, ""HEY. DON'T MOVE. STAND. YES, YOU. STAND STILL."" My captuer, a man in a blue bandanna and army fatigues, carrying a deadly looking M4, approached me and put handcuffs on my wrists. I was tempted to run, but hey, it was DayZ, I could always restart if he killed me... right? He told me to follow. Like a puppy, I obeyed. A short while later I broke out of the bonds. My captuer turned to me and said, ""Oh, you broke out. Hm."" I felt like he gave me too much credit, given that I hadn't done  anything to make myself break out... He silently led me to an aircraft hangar. Lying dead on the groud was a body, wearing the same items as he. I looted it. He turned to me and said, ""You draw that gun and we'll shoot."" Two other new players were found near the hangar. Another bandit appeared, wearing the same apparel as the first. They both ordered us into the hangar and told us to get on the ground. The three of us got on the ground. As one of the bandits tied the third player's hands, I heard him yell over voice chat, ""ARE YOU DOING THIS BECAUSE I AM BLACK?"" The bandit who handcuffed him responded, ""Yes. That is exactly why."" In that moment I realized my character was a white guy... but my thoughts were cut short as the black man took off, running towards the houses. All three bandits followed him, so I found myself alone with another new player... wait. ALONE. No bandits... I took off running, still loaded with all my stuff. I was extatic. And hour later I was knocked unconscious by a man with nothing but his fists. He proceeded to rob me and then shoot me with my own weapon. It was two hours of pure joy."
,Not Recommended,221100,14071180,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,[B-LG] Billy Zane,"It's difficult to NOT recommend DayZ, especially given that I've spent large chunks of hours on this game. Unfortunately, despite the isolated instances of occasional fun, it's just not worth it.For those of you familiar with Arma, you'll immediately recognize the rather unique engine. While Arma has been at the forefront of military simulators for years, the engine experiences some serious setbacks when thrusted into a scavenger hunt/zombie apocalypse narrative. Given that the engine was designed for massive scale, military missions, squad based firefights and gameplay focused on taking objectives, what you're left with in DayZ is a terribly inefficient inventory system, AI that doesn't quite know how to act irrationally (given that they're supposed to be military actors), and a looting system that's hit or miss. Essentially, the developpers are forced to fight and struggle against the engine itself, which greatly hinders any progress they are hoping to make.And that brings me to the very reason why I can't bring myself to recommend this game: a complete lack of progress. While the devs attempt to give players the impression that the game is being updated by introducing goddamned berry bushes and new weapons, they have nevertheless been tiptoeing around some game breaking flaws such as♥♥♥♥♥♥poor physics (notice the amount of reviews complaining about the infamous 2 foot drop resulting in a broken leg), superhuman zombie senses that allow them to spot you miles away, complete disregard for obstacles and walls on behalf of the infected, and the list goes on.While I've had some memorable experiences in this brutal yet occasionally rewarding game, those isolated instances don't merit a recommendation. Going on a full year of development—and 3 if you include progress made by the mod—the developers just seem to content themselves on delivering new gimmicky content rather than really tackling the issues that prevent this game from becoming great.A B-List Gamers Review. Check us out on the curators page for more content."
76561198067350440,Not Recommended,221100,15917254,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,bookly144,forget making this game better lets just add more guns c:PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS TILL FULL RELEASE
76561198008302916,Not Recommended,221100,34379178,Posted: 20 August,all,dirtyCAT,"This is the game that destroyed the concept of Early Access.Take a well known and successful mod with loads of fantastic features.Take a greedy and totally incompetent dev team incapable of sticking to targets, communicating honest roadmaps and you have DayZWhen you look at other similar games that have emerged in the genre..... and all have done it better.When you look at just how many features the mod had.... and consider that this PAID version is far worse.So you jump in feet first happy to pay to support the guys that brought you the Mod in the first place and then get kicked in the nuts.Stay clear. Its doesn't live up to the hype and there are countless better options out there now."
76561197965316175,Not Recommended,221100,34500916,Posted: 26 August,all,Greg,"Bought this game ages ago after enjoying the mod so much, I really don't understand how after 3.5 years of effort BI can have made this version of Dayz worse to play than the original mod.  Uninstalling, will try in 6 months.Would not recommend in anyway, game is currently rated as = Toilet."
,Not Recommended,221100,19606345,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,thekk,"Even when you are getting 100 FPS the game feels like you have a parkinsons disease.Unturned is a better game than dayz and it's made by a single 16 year old.Do yourself a favor, don´t buy this game."
76561198319949750,Not Recommended,221100,30694285,Posted: 23 March,all,.SadCat,"This game is absolute ♥♥♥♥ing trash. Sure it's still NOT FINISHED, BUT JESUS ♥♥♥♥ING CHRIST THIS GAME IS SUCH♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ITS A ♥♥♥♥ING HIKING SIMULATOR, ALL YOU DO IS RUN FOR HOURS, AND LITERALLY GET NOTHING FOR IT, WHEN YOU GET TO WHERE YOU BEEN WANTING TO BE, AFTER ALL DAY, REAL DAY HOURS, YOU GET SHOT ONE TIME AND DIE, THEN BAM, SPAWN IN THE♥♥♥♥♥♥ASS LOCATION HOURS AND HOURS, NOTE I MEAN REAL LIFE HOURS, AWAY FROM WHERE YOU WANTED TO BE, IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID, THIS GAME SHOULD BE FREE, THE PRICE IS STUPID. I WASTED MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY AND NOW I'M LEGIT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF, THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING BLOWS, DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,30668489,Posted: 22 March,all,Adriancho,Do not buy this game. Forever early acces.
,Not Recommended,221100,23144979,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,viperbludgeon,No development progress - do not buy.
,Not Recommended,221100,20244948,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SunRider,"Honest Review:Pros:1. Huge map2. Good graphics and realistic stuff3. Fair amount of weapons, food, random stuff, etc4. The game is about surviving, zombies are part of it but not the primary problem of surviving, which is good when you are a noob or you are respawning.Cons:1. you'll spend 99% of the time searching for stuff, 1% of the time actually having fun2. need a lot of tweaks, performance improvements and new stuff.3. make a Freaking singple player mode !!!!!4. ill really like to get more fun in this game rather than scavenge things all the time !5. pray to fing a gun, then pray to find ammo and then pray that the freaking ammo is compatible with your freaking  gun!!!6. 2+ years in early access alpha, really ? when are we getting the beta or pre-release !!!!After this game gets the improvements done, I think, this game will deserve a thumbs up. For now, its a Not-Frustration-Free game."
,Not Recommended,221100,20336775,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,RedRaven,"This game is never going to be in a state where I will be able to enjoy it.  It is simply not worth the money they force you to waste for it.Just one example: Why does the game force me to play on German? I play ALL of my games on Steam in English, even my client is in English. But this game enforces German - in a way that gives my eyes cancer. It is programmed so badly...Do not, I repeat, DO NOT waste 28 Bucks on a dead project. This is simply money milking. Instead, get yourselves ARMA 2 and play the original DayZ mod. If you want to, that is."
76561198128464253,Not Recommended,221100,21143496,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,jeefoo509,This is the only game i regret spending money on. Do not buy!!
76561197968428756,Not Recommended,221100,22293528,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DEL,"Its a scam, it looks bad, it plays bad. It is a cash grab by the developers they will never finish it."
76561198051432115,Not Recommended,221100,23045301,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Allergic Peanut,get unturned its free
76561198102183513,Not Recommended,221100,19870007,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,HughMungus,"What the ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥2 years later and it seems like no progress has been made, waste of money, waste of time, and a big unoptimized piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198025228398,Not Recommended,221100,22931770,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,HaM,How long until people start getting mass refunds for this game?The original DayZ is still far better and we were all swindled.
76561198294505001,Not Recommended,221100,22294261,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Trump,pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and a copy and paste of Arma 2 with modified PBO textures.
,Not Recommended,221100,24436170,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,RickSanchez,slowest game ive ever played
76561198110367666,Not Recommended,221100,30894665,Posted: 2 April,all,Rinzler117,Awful... just awful...the good...that concludes the good portion.the  badcrappy servers prepare to lag from climbing ledders and falling due to lag driving cars and dieing in drivers seat due to lagging out of car then velocity taking effect and insta killing you.Running all the time everywhere you can see all the forest gump outtakes of him running in this game as that's all you will be doing for the most time.The enemies are inconsistent and either 1 hit you or 20 hits later and you barely now bleed.The temperature system is God awful and super punishing and work like red light green light not slowly warm up or cool off just lava or ICEDont play this game please don't its a disgrace to gaming!
,Not Recommended,221100,22793193,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,jertan,piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,24437677,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,翁焕杰的一号迷妹,With less chink players you will have a better experience of the game.
76561198079301465,Not Recommended,221100,25721678,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Duce,I know better way to waste money.
76561198135763512,Not Recommended,221100,24102239,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Marco Banderas,No
,Not Recommended,221100,25279095,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,painkiller141,"why the hell is my guy so dam fat he has to eat every 30 seconds and their is literally no food anywhere, they say you have to kill animals but thats even harder to find the supplies to do so, despite the fact theirs no type of simple transportation like bikes in the mod (which is way better) to get across the dam mapi came back after a year break and it got worse rip"
,Not Recommended,221100,29088348,Posted: 7 January,all,Das Zeus x27,"Flying zombies pushing you around like they're a truck, dying due to lag and bugs, would never buy nor receive as a gift again, 1/10"
76561198055287050,Not Recommended,221100,24435288,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,dodes,"Just don't, probably best to leave it at that. There are better things to spend money on."
,Not Recommended,221100,24974755,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ovaltine,"“At the current time the core development of the base DayZ game is projected to run between 2.5 to 3 years. (Putting the departure from Early Access at approximately mid 2016)”WHen the early access secition changes, lies, and you cannot refund. This game is practically bait and switch. Advertises something really cool, gives a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead."
76561197997132063,Not Recommended,221100,24454512,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Nicho the sicko,Was a good game but after so long in alpha and all the money they have reveived i can no longer hold my breath
76561198169262122,Not Recommended,221100,24461623,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DeadHeliX,"Running for 2 hours, finding guns with no clips only to die to a sniper who you had no idea was there anyway. community is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197965716524,Not Recommended,221100,30741663,Posted: 25 March,all,Lefain,You can't even look up anymore.  This game is a complete joke and waste of time.  I've sadly been forced to lump this game in with Starforge.
,Not Recommended,221100,25735962,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Beaker,LITERALLY UNPLAYABLE
76561198079511529,Not Recommended,221100,26000214,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,MorTalizE,"If they release updates as much as they do status reports, the game would be finished by now."
76561198048481654,Not Recommended,221100,30061594,Posted: 20 February,all,clanx,"A game which is in Alpha for 3 years, still didnt manage to bring out vehicles but the game is getting more expensiv, Connection Problems, Zombie glitches, Bugs  which you couldnt fix since years , dayz is a nice game if they would care more but they got dont give a f*** because they made their money already from people who bought it , if dayz is finally completed im gonna play it again , for anyone who is struggling if he should buy it or not, DONT BUY IT"
,Recommended,221100,12877510,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,African Space Jesus,"Some guy wanted to give me Beans because I was starvingHe pressed ""G"" while holding the can in his hands he threw it straight into my face and my legs broke.11/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,15795742,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,WombRaider,it should been called daybanditunless we are supposed to roleplay zombies are around
,Recommended,221100,8497290,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,JaydeN,i found gun i died
76561198037158161,Not Recommended,221100,30740059,Posted: 25 March,all,Arcadif,walking and dying simulator. Also in alpha since 1945.
,Not Recommended,221100,25280666,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MuT-ZDOGG,"Game is garbage, been out for almost three years and is still buggy as hell, I understand it's a small team but give me three years I could put out a better game, all I would have to do is♥♥♥♥♥♥on a plate and more people would enjoy it."
76561198128959144,Not Recommended,221100,34916666,Posted: 13 September,all,✅,what a shity game and dev's
76561198082009580,Not Recommended,221100,23175938,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Hosey187,"Best Game Ever, Worst Devs Possible.Its Early Access so there will be bugs, there will be breaks; however it is how the dev team deals with these and responds to the community which makes or breaks games in Early Access such as DayZ, ARK, Rust, The Culling, etc etc.I have had this game since the mod, it was amazing. I have seen the standalone go from what the mod used to be, through the game breaking updates that were 0.40-0.59 and now like most, I am experincing the overly anticipated 0.60.The 0.60 patch brings DayZ to the point it should have been when entering Early Access, not the state it was in when it did launch, but hey it did grab the market share and performed well. The allocation of this extra revenue was laughable however, as only fractions of it went to DayZ LOL(Glad I own ARMA). As the dev team uses a ""sprint"" office tactic in which the teams meets and decides on a task to complete that day, each day; longer terms tasks are harder to efficiently complete on time. This coupled with the game having experimental and stable versions, meaning essentially a lot of time wasted testing for stable branch, has led to over 2 years in Early Access with minimal to show up until the 0.60 patch. Having a release at the state of 0.60, the DX11 implementation, would have had the game in its current state in half the time by eliminating bug fixing associated with DX9.As said before, all you need to know about any Early Access title is the dev team. This game will be finished on the developer's timeline, pushed back when needed, and with thier idea of the game, not yours. Unlike many successful EA titles which actively engage their communities and reflect those dialogues in changes to the game, DayZ devs choose to do things their way and we're left waiting for a finished product.Until the developers properly engage thier audience and the changes of the game reflect those engagements or they produce a worthy final product, I can not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,20055876,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[RAR] Koala,2 years still no progress.
76561198005839748,Not Recommended,221100,23159688,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,DominiCHECK,"If you search for running simulator on google ,first thing that pop up is Dayz . And the price for this ""early acces"" game is not even funny . I really hate myself for buying this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198000083864,Not Recommended,221100,20907678,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,plasmiusnake,It's never coming out
,Not Recommended,221100,23175214,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ScungeBob,"I havent played this game enough to tell you about any mechanics or the such, but I can tell you this. The devs are terrible, with basically zero support for this game and it is so un optimized i can barely get it to run so that i can try what i spent 38* dollars on, all i can say is this, please, please dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ing trash.I will add this after already posting my review, Buy Arma 2 or Arma 3 and get the free dayZ mod for that, becuase those work better and are cheaper. also there are videos as you can see in the comments, that may help you get a playable framrate, so take what you want from the review if you're scared of buying it for now, wait until its out of early access and possibly you have a more powerful pc ( if your's isnt very powerful).*note* wether or not the game is good or not, I must still say, DO NO BUY THIS GAME.the developers are unprofessional people who ban people who even slightly talk bad about this game, even if this game was the best game ever made, I couldnt recommend it. If the developers started to show an interest in their game and supporting their community and not shunning them when they voice critisicm, THAN I will for sure recommend this game, but for now, ♥♥♥♥ you dayz"
,Not Recommended,221100,22954297,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,ҚalooNie,DeadZ.
76561198096336234,Not Recommended,221100,23047568,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kid,Still broken as of 5/17/16 check back in 3 years when the next update comes out!
,Not Recommended,221100,20518166,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Crude,"Not going to recommend this game any longer.They say its out of beta but it still has the same issues it had on day one of Alpha.This is sad, this game could be badass but whoever is in charge must not be a leader and you need one to get ish done."
,Not Recommended,221100,22885648,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Patrick Bateman,garbage
,Not Recommended,221100,20095057,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BattleRush | BestSkinDeals.com,3 years and they cant even release a beta
76561198116336078,Not Recommended,221100,22885207,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,enricoitalia98,Never ending Early Access
76561198018245618,Not Recommended,221100,23214668,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kuqezi,"This game is a jokeThis game is more than a joke. After 2 years in Alpha, they didn't improve the game to the Beta or finish it. Even the creator of this game is gone...I bought this game 20 euros and the idea of the game convinced me. The fact, today, is that they earned millions with the hype and they didn't do nothing with that to make things better. Funny thing, the game is more expensive now hahaha.The updates are not regular and when one update come, they add cowboy hats than correcting the main problems. That's just an example but that's the idea. The update 0.60 looks ok but seriously after this time they could make better.Don't listen to the fanboys, they are blind or they don't want to hear the truth and the reality... Maybe this game will improve but only 5 years later... to te beta.If you want a survival game, you have better time to take RUST or H1Z1. These game are not finished but the dev team respect you better.I miss my 20 euros and it make me angry when I see that I gave it to robbers. Hope that Steam will do something.+ Bonus :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4d-qSsLOyE"
,Not Recommended,221100,20473778,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,willAysian,"Don't let the ""Mostly Postiive"" reviews at the top fool you. Those are probably made by reviewers who haven't played the game since it first came out. I understand this game is early access, but when you miss deadlines left and right it really makes me regret buying this game. Don't buy it until it's done. It won't be finished within the forseeable future. If and when it does come out, there will be much better games to spend your money on."
,Not Recommended,221100,23151144,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Memes Inc,♥♥♥♥♥game 0/10 - IGN
,Not Recommended,221100,25492546,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Shabazamin,"Bought this game in 2014 and it hasn't gotten any better, steam should be offering refunds on all early access games"
,Not Recommended,221100,22944919,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,TheMadBulgarian,"Better graphics: CheckStill a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine that has terrible issues: CheckIf this game ever gets out of alpha, I would maybe say give it a shot then"
,Not Recommended,221100,22933478,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,explosivedeer,"To be honest I never really enjoyed the zombie survival aspect, I think back when I bought this game I thought to myself I'd have fun with a few friends and before I'd know it this game would be out of Early Access and one of the next big hit titles to leave its mark in the industry.And here I am 3 years later coming back to see if anything changed since the day I bought the game. Aside from the dog treat content released to sustain a player base, work on the engine, and other critical mechanics has been neglected and made much harder to implement due to all of this new content.I've made two Early Access blunders. This being my second. 3 Years for both games, and not a single truly ground breaking update, or even completion."
76561198125045502,Not Recommended,221100,29511642,Posted: 26 January,all,Smokeymcmadpot420,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING TRASH AND WILL ALWAYS BE TRASH BUGGY PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥
76561198005150979,Not Recommended,221100,13844376,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Delonge,"This game is stupid. I died of dehydration while it was raining, THE ENTIRE TIME. Apparently it is trying to reinact Darwinism because my characters was too stupid to look up and open his mouth!"
,Recommended,221100,12139527,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Fruners,Walking Simulator(NB: this review I play when there is no car update so yeah thanks to my friend (Yoko)for remind me)
76561198086974075,Not Recommended,221100,19777109,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,PrarieDOGG,"For a year now, I've been wanting to write a good review of this game. In spite of its broken mechanics, the promise of really fun open world survival game loomed in the distance. The problem is that every time you think things might get better, the developers find some way of fussing things up. The  build on which I'm writing this review is .59, which is by far the best build since the game's inception. That being said, I don't believe I'll be playing DAYZ any more.First off, Alpha-schmalfa. Two years into development Bohemia is nowhere near acheiving a completed title. At the current rate of progress, the game won't be ready until some time in 2017. This snail's pace might be tolerable if it wasn't the case that every single build they release has some murderously unplayable quality to it. One of the most frustrating is admin abuse, which combined with a new feature of .59 was enough to make me give up hope. I'll walk you through the most recent turd sandwich:A group of friends and I have been working hard over the last week to get a vehicle working and build a base. We didn't want an empty server, so we chose what seemed like a somewhat busy server as our surrogate home. We finally had our car (an offroad with everything), we got into some adventures, lost the car, got it back, and earlier today, after a helicopter hunt, we were returning to home base to sign off with some quality loot. All of us were suddenly kicked for no reason. This wouldn't have been a problem if we'd been walking, but if you're kicked in a car, you die. so there went a week of colaborative effort along with any desire to play this game again.There is no real way to report admin abuse. The server providers depend on the admins renting the servers, so they don't really care what they do with them as long as they're paying. In other words, if you want to enjoy this game, you have to pay for a server. The offending server BTW is ""nipples in despair"" IP: 68.232.179.127:2362But that's not all. Just read through the reviews. As much as I have (at times) personally enjoyed this game, most people seem to hate it. I went though 5 pages of reviews without seeing a single positive one. I wanted to be the exception. I wanted to say, as someone with over 1200 hours of game time, that if you stuck in there long enough, the dream would come true. Well, I hate to busrt your bubble but the dream is dead. Let the dream die. All that lies ahead is frustration, dissatisfaction, and dissafection.I feel like a battered spouse that has put up with a loser for years, believing they would get better, only to be left with a bad taste in my mouth. I enjoyed the good times, but DAYZ, you're just another loser, and I want a divorce."
,Not Recommended,221100,33146064,Posted: 2 July,all,• ES3TH,"After almost 4 years since it came up on Steam, being in alpha stage for all this time, it's still... 'meh'"
,Recommended,221100,8794137,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,- ̗̀BΣΣKΛY ̖́-,"Spawned, went into house and instinctively told the stranger to not move. Shades'n'Tshirt didn't listen, knocked me out. When I regained consciousness, I was being stabbed with a screwdriver. Punched Shades'n'Tshirt out. Stole his shades. Fell and broke my legs 2 minutes later. Had to limp for another 5 just to suicide.12.7/10, would fight again."
76561198040791902,Recommended,221100,10755967,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Anton,kill or get killed
,Not Recommended,221100,29706367,Posted: 4 February,all,big time baller,"How long has this been in early access alpha, again?"
,Not Recommended,221100,29718561,Posted: 5 February,all,Cucobr,"Don't buy this game. Here some reasons:Dated graphics although very heavy.CPU bound, your VGA will take the heat for that.The Lead Designer of the mod, Mr. Rocket, abandoned the project.Bugs, bugs and more bugs.Other games have way more features than DayZ, the father of all... what a waste of potential...I hope this help you guys out there."
,Not Recommended,221100,29796537,Posted: 8 February,all,Good At Games 612,This game is horrible
,Not Recommended,221100,23191414,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,djnapoleon,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\"
,Not Recommended,221100,25271534,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,KittyPrinten,Somehow more broken than it was 3 years ago.
76561198092115717,Not Recommended,221100,22860457,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,IShoHandshom,Half life 3 will be released by the time this gets in beta
,Not Recommended,221100,22992934,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Proph,"I used to love DayZ standalone when it was first released. Theconcept was truly brilliant. Playing in a vast sandbox, never knowing if you are the hunter or hunted, or what your interactions with other players will be like.Unfortunately, the game has fallen far. It has been in early access for years now, and the problems that were present at the start are still around. Patches are few and far between, and rather than improving the stability they aim to add features which have only further broken the game. People are able to sprint around but appear to be prone for others, it is impossible to tell what direction sounds come from, zombies now sprint and go through you because of lag, and the framerate is abysmal (basically unplayable in cities) even with a good computer.The core problem of this game right now is that when I die, I don't feel like I died to the environment or players, I feel like I died because it was just yet another problem or bug that caused my death. This is disheartening, because after all this time it has become clear that the developers lack either the ability or the will to get the game working as intended. I don't see any future for this game."
76561198133564948,Not Recommended,221100,23283520,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,toprakd #FIXCSGO,"its really bad i think, optimization is bad xD :(  (THey changed my comment sh itty xD)"
76561198056030823,Not Recommended,221100,24463393,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Vodka Molester,"Overrated walking simulator with teleporting zombies and♥♥♥♥♥♥hitboxes... Sounds fun right? Welp, it's not actually. 2/10 awaiting my refund"
,Recommended,221100,11049345,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Ethan,Was robbed of my pants and force fed rotten fruitBest game ever420/69
,Not Recommended,221100,11521004,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Za'yev,"2/25/2017: Day Z isstilla content-sparse and buggy messy, several years-long  ""Early Access"" product which made millions of dollars and single-handedly kept Bohemia Interactive afloat enough to launch a third Arma game. It launched a copycat game craze of games that weren't half as successful like The War Z and H1Zi. That is, the ""Day Z""modfor Arma II: Operation Arrowhead.Standalonehas a magnitude more bugs, less functional features. The common issue to the family is that there's no actual game past shooting people on sight and building player-killing forts basically, nothing to do once you have body armor and an M4. Most of the players have already left for greener pastures or the Arma III mods. You still get killed by zombies which run through walls or walking down stairs.It's been four years now, and with the dwindling of the players there's probably never going to be an actual release of Day Z Standlone. Don't get me wrong, ""fixing"" the Arma II engine is probably actually impossible, but Bohemia didn't just fail to meet the expectiations, they took the ♥♥♥♥ing money and ran."
,Not Recommended,221100,23492708,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,『Florx』,"My leg is painfulThis whole game is painful! There's little to no progress in all these 3 years or worse, 1 step forward and 2 steps back.People will tell you on the Steam/DayZ forums that this game is playable and has a lot of content, they're clearly lying, nowhere is this game in a playable state and has rich content. It's literally the same as 3 years ago, bare bones! So don't pull ""IT'S EARLY ACCESS!"" excuse card, early access is ok when they do actually progress and not this farce.DayZ has the following problem for example:-FPS problems-clunky controls-terrible UI-desync-no zombies! I played for 1-2 hours and only saw 3All those problems were 3 years ago present and still are. This game is aimed to be released in the end of 2016, but what I have seen so far, it's far from it and little to no progress in all those years.I don't recommend to buy it now!"
76561198057429257,Not Recommended,221100,22933900,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Marcus Swagantonius ☧,"Got banned for picking up an AKM when they first came out, May of 2014. BattleEye banned me on every other game that uses their ""anti-cheat"". Lost $120 dollars between Standalone, Arma 3, Arma 2 and OA. Can't even refund the ♥♥♥♥ing game. 10/10."
76561198066047238,Not Recommended,221100,24514535,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Rawr xD,10/10 would uninstall again
,Not Recommended,221100,24048976,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ThumblessGaming,"I have owned this ""game"" for years, I put in almost 200 hours through the different updates.It has been fun, and it has been barely worth calling it a game.The big issue is that it has been in early access for like 4 years, my assumption is they are never going to claim it is finished so that they never have to make it into a proper working game.They kill a lot of fun for the sake of realism, I'm sure lots of other reviews will tell you that you will sometimes starve to death because you can't find food, this isn't always bad and sometimes is a bit entertaining.Hackers are always a concern and even without them the amount of lag and stuttering that occurs makes PVP very frustrating.Speaking of realism one of the worst mechanics in the game is ranging your weapon.That's right, with the press of a key your rifle can go from being sighted for 50 yards to being sighted for 700 yds. Sounds great right? Not when every gun has a different default, and if you pull out your rifle ranged for 300 meters and forget to adjust it down your shots will go miles over your targets head. This mechanic is one of the least realistic, as even the best marksmen need to put a few shots down range to know what their sights are set to.Maybe some day they'll polish this turd, but until then the only advice I have is that if you buy this game, think long and hard about what ""Early Access"" should mean to you."
,Not Recommended,221100,25346206,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Brosse à dents,"Bought this game with my saved up money when I was still in school. Now, I'm already working and DayZ's still broken and is nowhere near completion or even reaching beta.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, it's a lost cause."
,Not Recommended,221100,29835651,Posted: 10 February,all,TheLastAxeman,"It makes me sad what DayZ has become.In my eyes, the Arma 2 Mod was the pinnacle of the Multiplayer-Zombie-Survival-Genre. The Standalone is missing everything that made the Mod fun to play. In 2012 we were promised a better, superior version of the game that the community used to love and play.Now, more than 3 years after the release of the Standalone, the game still is in Alpha and is missing major features and key elements. I really wanted the DayZ Standalone to become an amazing, successful game.I tried to keep my hopes alive for the last three years. But now I finally reached a point at which all my hopes for this game are dead.The only opportunity that I see for DayZ is to open modding support. But I highly doubt that this will happen any time soon (if at all)So, unless I am terribly wrong, (which I really, really hope I am)there is nothing else to say except;Rest in Peace DayZ. It was a blast."
76561197967085956,Not Recommended,221100,15869681,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Serious Cow,It's been in development for over 2 years and still runs like a burst asś.
,Not Recommended,221100,13246720,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,mrbuntyking,Scummy development team is scummy.
,Not Recommended,221100,15552674,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,royced,"It's been a year, and I figured in a year this game would be worth it because of polish and whatnot.The mod is still more polished, I'm afraid."
76561198010301347,Not Recommended,221100,13977761,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Slim Kermie,"One man did a lot with the mod in a few short months. Standalone has been out for over a year and it's FAR behind where the mod was in every aspect except for the different kinds of clothes you can wear (and that point is moot as you HAVE to wear waterproof clothing and only waterproof clothing because 5 seconds of rain will make you shake like crazy for at least an hour).We all loved the mod and its quirks, and we all knew it was far from perfect, but standalone is two steps forward and a giant leap backwards. Do not listen to the ""it's only in alpha lol,"" the original mod was alpha as well and it was much better than this crap, AND IT WAS FREE. This is NOT worth your money."
,Not Recommended,221100,29707298,Posted: 4 February,all,NAKEDMETHMAN,"4 years of running. I'm sorry, I can't do this anymore."
76561198131070166,Not Recommended,221100,30644739,Posted: 20 March,all,DrRyan,"Dev1:""So what shall we put in the game today? A new gun maybe? Is everyone ok with that?""Dev2:""Nooo, guns are boring. Let us work on cars and trucks and flying thingies.""Dev1:""Do you know how to make them work properly? Sort out the collision damage and lag?""-awkward silence-Dev2:""A new gun sounds fine...""Dev1:""Good boy. We already have a ton of guns, but at least we know how to make THOSE work... and the sooner we implement it, the sooner we can snort another line of coke and order new hookers for the office.""We get it, guys. You know how to implement guns, pistols and more guns. How about channeling your efforts and working on stuff that brings the whole game forward to completion?!I remember the days when I was only able to run through Cherno or Elektro by looking right at the floor. The only way to be able to get any tolerable fps. Then the new engine came and it got better. Not perfect, just better. Now all bugs and flaws look much nicer.I remember the time when there were Infected all over the map. I had a lot of interaction with other players. But what does the majority of players do if there are no infected around to shoot? Right, you shoot other players out of boredom without even trying to talk to them. You don't need a psychologist to predict this development in player's behaviour. Will this behaviour change when the infected are implemented back in the game? By this point most of the players are too paranoid to trust others. There are exceptions of course. But in general mistrust and death by killing on sight ensue.As an outsider to game developement the whole process looks weird to me. I always imagine them being doctors in front of a corpse. A screwdriver in one eye. Three bullet wounds to the chest. A neuce around its neck. A knife in its liver. Everyone is standing around the corpse and pondering how to revive it. And the only solution they come up with is something like: ""Let's pull out the knife and change the corpse's clothes. Additionally we shall amputate both its legs and stick another screwdriver into the other eye aswell. But first let's snort some more coke and enjoy more hookers. The project can wait another 6 months.""It is like riding a dead horse. You are getting nowhere, while you have a stallion in your stable. The stallion being ARMA. Tons of guns, helicopters, planes, cars and everything working fine. Is it really simpler to try to build something from scratch out of a pile of rubble, than to work with what you already have and modify it further on? I simply can't believe that.""But you were clearly warned that this is an Alpha.""And because it was and amazingly still is an Alpha I wanted to support the developers by buying it. Because I was extremly pleased by their previous work which brought me a lot of fun back in the Operation Flashpoint time. But you don't need to be a developer to know how to work safely on implementing new stuff. You do them one by one, which in the end, should bring much faster results. What they are doing now is like playing tetris by throwing a bunch of blocks down with each turn and then struggling to find out why they can't advance. After witnessing the last three years, am I really to believe that base-building is going to be implemented down the road?I believe that after my couple of hours of game-time, I have a right to rant a bit. I will continue to play DayZ, but I wouldn't recommend anyone, who isn't willing to support BI, to buy the game. I already got my fair share of fun out of the game. So I wouldn't even be mad if they scrapped the whole developement process and shut down the game entirely. I wouldn't be surprised either.----------------------tl;dr Boobies are nice and snorting too much coke makes you go bonkers."
,Not Recommended,221100,29600639,Posted: 31 January,all,speed weed,still on alpha lol
76561198035624021,Not Recommended,221100,30763304,Posted: 26 March,all,Hardwire101,"I've played this game since the month it came out and honestly it was better back then. At least back then the zombies weren't so strong example three no clip right through a wall and it doesn't matter if you're fully kitted out if they detect you you're dead. Which if three zombies manage to corner me and kill me that's completely with me, but you can't even out run them they're zombies with legs that are deformed there is no way they should be able to keep up with me. Also the zombies are very poorly done. I was standing about 7 feet in front of one and it didn't even notice me but yet sometimes they can spot you from a decent distance away. On to another problem for some reason or another food is extremely rare in the early game and it feels almost like every time you spawn in you're hoping out of pure luck that you find food. I understand this is a survival game, but there needs to be a mix between realism and fun. I find guns and ammuniton about 3x faster than I find food. Guns along with their ammo are very prevalent and are not hard to find what so ever. I'm not going too complain about water since there are plenty of foutains to drink from across the map so hydration is not a problem. I'll be fair to the game and say military grade weapons are hard to come by through out most of the map. Weapons and ammo themselves are easy to come by. With all that said I want this game too be good so so badly but I can not recommend the game in its current state as there are to many bugs and incomplete features this is meant to be constructive criticism as I wish this game too be good yet I don't think it ever will be as the devs have taken years too do anything to this game despite add weapons. I will update this review when I feel it's been a long enough time too try the game out again."
76561197970507790,Not Recommended,221100,34252196,Posted: 15 August,all,IRON CHEF,Awful 3 year alpha game
76561198120223681,Not Recommended,221100,17223254,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,NiceGuyWillis,"Its not a  ""Bad"" game, but its extremely overrated. There are so many better survival horror games out there (For instance, 7 days to die is dayz but with crafting and building mechanics. Its Better. There are many more examples too.)"
76561198111091925,Not Recommended,221100,17708077,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,MechLen,"It's a nice killing simulator called Battle DayZ EA.If you want just survive or be just friendly, expect just bullet from behind.Moreover almost all people already bought the game, so it will never be correctly finished (there isn't force why to do it)."
76561198040948618,Not Recommended,221100,18058475,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,mikerobinson21,Played 4 hours so far havent seen any Zombies.
76561197983112150,Not Recommended,221100,17276324,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Mistan,A promise that will probebly not be fullfilled in our lifetimes.Some development choices that focused more on features rather than Utilizing Smooth gameplay.Has doomed this project.Do not get this until the promise has been made.Dissapointing.
76561198082503381,Not Recommended,221100,18443969,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,RickyWonderland,running simulator
76561198142789175,Not Recommended,221100,30691399,Posted: 23 March,all,Chadmaniowa,"This game is broken: I've ran through barn loft walls to fall to my death. Cars might take to air once bumping a shot arrow. FPS problem: can't play this game unless you have a hotrod computer. The community is quite toxic / offensive: RP servers are for geared people to KOS even fresh spawns. I've never been able to talk to anyone or be friendly without some confliction / combat first. ""Development"" Is hardly progressing as it is more of pointless updates. Tree look better but I still get attacked by invisible zombies and de-sync about 10 meters back at a time. The game is really unplayable, while being somewhat fun when talking to people. Being that the highlight of the game is very sad. I want to see this game thrive. This game will likely never get finished and even if it does it will be long forgotten..."
,Not Recommended,221100,31251082,Posted: 20 April,all,Jaycufc,Utter con
76561198081923224,Not Recommended,221100,29623393,Posted: 1 February,all,James The Wolf,so after not playing this for three years and waiting after a 2gb update I cannot join a server to see whats changed over the last three years.... c'mon devs what are you doing
,Not Recommended,221100,29957622,Posted: 16 February,all,>>Samurai <<,"2013 game lunch as Early Access and why look its 2017 and its still $!@$% EARLY ACCESS with so much bugs and hackers this is one broking game , got this game at 2013 and man o man i trully want my $$$$ back , Dont buy and dont support this broking game."
,Not Recommended,221100,29763911,Posted: 7 February,all,Marshal,blood and bacon > dayz
,Not Recommended,221100,30090848,Posted: 21 February,all,Bucc,Its been 4 years and it still feels like its the first day its been on Early Access.
,Not Recommended,221100,30850088,Posted: 31 March,all,3,"This review I'm writing because of announcment of new game from developers of dayz (Stationeers).After 4 years, dayz is steel in alpha... Some kind of fraud.I advise no one to believe and especially not to buy their products at all."
,Not Recommended,221100,30887101,Posted: 1 April,all,Kyryptos,"How many years has it been now?  I bought the game soon after it was released back in December, 2013 and played it with my friends for several months before we concluded that it needed some time to mature, over 3 years on I came back to it to find it almost exactly where I left it... that is not right.  This was a truly unique game with amazing potential, all wasted.Edit:  Oh I forgot to mention that the community is utterly garbage, I had close to a dozen proper encounters over the last couple of days where there was actually an opportunity for interaction not just seeing someone in the distance and each and every time I didn't attempt to kill on sight even though I could have and each and every time I got killed on sight... I didn't care so much until the last time which basically puts this game to rest for me - I encountered a guy getting chased by zombies, I shot the zombies for him, he turns towards me and ... ""You are dead"", no thanks, no more, spent 10 hours on that last playthrough and had all the best gear but with a community of utter scumbags this game's going nowhere even if it does ever make it past the eternal early access stage."
,Not Recommended,221100,29637372,Posted: 1 February,all,goatolicious baby,"Feeling cheated, it's put me off early access for a long time. Still in development, disgusting."
76561198341705564,Not Recommended,221100,30678914,Posted: 22 March,all,SpottyAsh,Cuts out my sound constantly for no reason
76561198086943164,Not Recommended,221100,30832073,Posted: 30 March,all,Kilmi,"Just a cash grab, they don't care about the game nor the players.scammers."
76561198115776891,Not Recommended,221100,31286737,Posted: 21 April,all,Cykotic,"This game is fun if you wanna run, die, and meet some unfriendly people."
76561198040516887,Not Recommended,221100,30770962,Posted: 27 March,all,SillySocks,all the potencial in the world... squandered... what made dayz great is a long lost memory... not going to touch it again untill or if it gets close to the mod for arma2. disapointing development so far...
76561198069875430,Not Recommended,221100,30745714,Posted: 26 March,all,Señor Cornballer,"Good day,With all due respect (all that's left of it), I ate♥♥♥♥♥that tastes better than this.It used to be good, before a flood of updates turned my rugged character into a whiny little ♥♥♥♥♥.""Oh, I'm hungry. Oh, I'm thirsty. Oh, I can't jump 3 feet without BREAKING MY ♥♥♥♥ING LEGS."" Every 20 ♥♥♥♥ing seconds.This game was fun, back when I could focus on character development, not unrealistic survival standards.""Oh, I'm wet. LOOKS LIKE THERES NOTHING I CAN DO. TIME TO DIE OF HYPOTHERMIA."" for ♥♥♥♥'s sake. I used to be able to focus on gathering items and increasing my survivability chances back before unrealistic , game- breaking debuffs were added. I must now focus on survivng, and not prospering. I am a casual weekend gamer, and therefore do not enough time to commit to full sessions of the new game. Before, the time frame between spawning and getiing good gear was perfect for casual play. Now, I must confine myself to the night to progress through the irrationally long ""survival simulator"" that is DayZEither make the game better, or roll back the changelog several dozen updates. The game blows.Please make it great again.I can see the potential it has, being overshadowed by its big daddy, the original ArmaA mod.But as of right now, the execution is shoddy at best.Yours truly,El Cornballer"
,Not Recommended,221100,30836686,Posted: 30 March,all,Thomas Clancy,still in alpha LOL
,Not Recommended,221100,30771336,Posted: 27 March,all,bob,"If you aggro a zombie, you might as well just let it kill you because the♥♥♥♥♥♥will follow you for a ridiculous amount of time. There is never any loot in the severs, so the only thing you can do is run. If you happen to find a gun and bullets, good luck trying to kill them because the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥will be three feet away the whole time, so you end up taking damage no matter what if you try to fight."
76561197999480281,Not Recommended,221100,30920296,Posted: 3 April,all,=S3G=Kang,I was hooked on DayZ mods so i purchased this years ago. I gave up on the attention that was NOT paid to updates and so forth for a year not months not weeks. It seems as if they sold early access long ago reaped the money and stopped putting any work into it. Many other alpha games have weekly patches and this was quarterly and now i see its almost  made it to beta in 3.5 years. In my opinion the game is still a waste of money and I will never look at a Alpha game the same. I will now suspect a scam before i buy anymore alpha games.
,Not Recommended,221100,30089865,Posted: 21 February,all,WraidN,"I bought this grøgg once, played it once, cant handle the game.But the positive about this game is that it had a lot of grøggs in it, grøgg there grøgg here, grøgg like a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198327465702,Not Recommended,221100,30717856,Posted: 24 March,all,K-1 Boss Kris,this game sucks dont get it i really want my money back
76561198028308315,Not Recommended,221100,30758209,Posted: 26 March,all,OGMoose,"Nothing like Dayz Mod was back in 2012. just a cash grab from Dean Hall, who made the mod then scteched this game taking from arma 2 and arma 3 codes then once most the money had come in while game stll in beta just leaves the team like a little ... dont buy this crap, buy arma 3 instead."
76561197960313006,Not Recommended,221100,34245913,Posted: 14 August,all,Aphex,My quick review and here it is...don't buy this boring pos.
76561198041195663,Not Recommended,221100,30704330,Posted: 24 March,all,The Hollow Man,"Game is nowhere near where it should be after years of waiting, and when I ask the developers on the steam community not to ban people for pointing this out, they stealthily delete my thread.Well, you can't delete this, you ♥♥♥♥ers."
76561197984936516,Not Recommended,221100,17235109,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Petrus Romanus,"Well it's getting close to two years since this was released as an Alpha..... and it's still very much an Alpha.Problems persist with AI pathfinding, hit detection, latency and general connection.In short, the game hasn't progressed in any meaningful way in two years. Reportedly, the game made tens of millions in its first week of Alpha release.This game cannot be recommended. Adding a few weapons and items without addressing any of the fundamental mechanical issues is unaccpetable. I've played over 300 hours and in that time I've seen little in the way of genuine progress.Wait until full release."
,Not Recommended,221100,17679424,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Callum,Game has been out since December 2013. still unplayable and completely broken. After seeing how much money this game has generated there is no reason why it is still this bad. No faith in Devs anymore.
76561198068216693,Not Recommended,221100,17169681,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,☭GoGoDani☭,Just read all the helpful reviews and you'll see my opinion on the game :/
76561198012060351,Not Recommended,221100,17275454,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,123,Get Arma instead of this piece of crap
76561198072549026,Not Recommended,221100,17293200,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Rufmemory,"Best start but deceiving results... not complaining, just expected a bit more on a 2 year shedule."
,Not Recommended,221100,17238672,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Tony The Tiger,"This game is really bad, even the devs are point out that the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥servers, price has gone up"
76561198085477813,Not Recommended,221100,33315085,Posted: 6 July,all,nix,hahahahahhaha
76561198062811738,Not Recommended,221100,23259655,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Łowca Majteczek,Don't waste money and time on this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,25205331,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Andrew,Alpha 4ever!
76561198066896546,Not Recommended,221100,25371676,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Scrapee,"Doesn't capture the essence of the original and is poorly optimized, I would say play the mod."
,Not Recommended,221100,30930924,Posted: 3 April,all,grape fanta,I am always mad that im not old enough for RP servers. But i guess i will end up being old enough when the game finally comes out :3.░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Dayz▄░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
76561198055295231,Not Recommended,221100,17232109,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,chasel99,slow and everything is very delayd with every movement i honestly think i was scammed and this isint real dayz
76561198083244495,Not Recommended,221100,17511390,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,kiesus99,Best part of the game is when you see an update is pending and quit whatever your doing to make sure the download goes as fast as possible and then launching the game to see what fantastic and awe inspiring changes the devs have taken four months to implement and it turns out the great wait was ♥♥♥♥ing camo pants and a box of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for those who bought the game to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves with.Overall 3/10 would wait for camo pants again
,Not Recommended,221100,17232731,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Bastian07v,"If you love getting cancer from non-optomized games, get this.10/10 would get killed by a guy with a rifle, only defending myself with a stick."
76561198044062732,Not Recommended,221100,17268603,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,CookieDIPP,DayZ. One of the first Early Access exploiting games. It started out as a good idea that people supported and the game looked like it would be a great game on release. If it even gets released. Seriously does this game EVER come out? I played the game some time ago and I've returned to it now many months later to see that (suprisingly little)new content has been added. But that problems with simple functions that were there a year ago still haven't been fixed.I'm pretty sure this game won't be released before it's forgotten completely. That is if it gets released at all.
76561197961638674,Not Recommended,221100,17373320,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,♛ telord,Nope.Never ever buying stupid early access games.
,Not Recommended,221100,18232893,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Azathoth,"I used to have so much fun with the DayZ mod and the DayZero mod.Those of you who played the early days of DayZ mod will know what I'm talking about.The standalone game just doesn't deliver the same experience for me, in fact it fails epicly at it.For me the worst issue is probably how bad the game runs.Even on the lowest graphic settings I fail to reach anywhere higher then 25-35 fps.It's still in ""early access"" and it doesn't seem any more playable now then when I got it some 18 months ago.So what does ""early access"" even mean anymore? Barely functional glorified alpha test for 2-3 years and then we get a game that hasn't improved at all over the time spent?Loot system is broken! game frame rates makes microsoft power point look glorious! Zombie apocalypse doesn't have any Zombies! Many of the game mechanics are overly complicated and really add nothing to the game other then another frustration faction.Save your money people, there are better things you can waste them on!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18330040,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Skoots,Zombies are still broken as ♥♥♥♥ and that's basically the entire game. It also controls like♥♥♥♥♥and has been in Alpha for as long as I can remember.
,Not Recommended,221100,18380884,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,NotosBobosRossos,"Straight up cash in, will never be fixed or finished end of story."
,Not Recommended,221100,20605347,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Extra THICC,"It was supposed to be in BETA now or something like that. The game simply sucks. Don't buy, save your money.Bad mechanics and engine. The game lags and bugs. The FPS drops for no reason even if you have a master PC.SIMPLY DON'T"
,Not Recommended,221100,20711329,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,HutchieHD,sooooo laggy
76561198044202150,Not Recommended,221100,21369185,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ianbuckjames,Unfinished and a waste of money.
76561198058089131,Not Recommended,221100,21513718,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Empty Brewsky,"Dont bother buying this piece of crap game. It's been out for three years now, and it's still in early access. Bugs, clipping, vanishing gear, the whole game is still broken and instead of fixing the obvious issues, the devs just want to add in more crap and break it further."
76561198040251262,Not Recommended,221100,18273598,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,PuNkInDrUbLiC,"first ill say i had such high hopes, as did the devs.  sad to say much like them i have gave up.  we will start with its not a ""survival"" game as was supose to be.  its a strange kind of call of duty.  99% will kill you on sight, and thats only if you make it through the hackers and game breaking glitches to get to see someone.  whats more fun is hearing them call you everything, but human, as they kill you freashly spawned on the beach.  the good news is most of the time you wont understand them, unless you speak 20 differant languages, or can understand a child screeching cuss words into a mic.now that ive have told you about the fine folks you will be playing with,  ill tell you about the game.  1 word, BROKE.  fall through floors, walk through walls.  thats helpful tho, as the zombies, and hackers will be doing the same.  not that they need to as the zombies will hit you from a mile away, and the hackers will just snipe you through walls a mile away.  if you manage to live more then 20 mins, you may be lucky, and find a gun,  or a couple bullets.  ofcourse they wont match.  if your very lucky you will find a glitchers tent, or some people killed by a hacker to get some gear off.  thats the only way to get proper geared, as loot is broke too. this is after what 2-3 years of work?!at this point the fanboys im sure are fuming, and are already typing the tired, used to death, BS come backs like ""its alpha"" and ""the things you say are happining, are not happining"" and ""it told you early access when you paid""  and ""you dont understand the process"", and such.  so dont bother.  the fact is, this is the game, and they are too butthurt from getting ripped to admit it.  they took the 100+ million an are livin it up somewhere, not caring about you, or this game.its simple when you think about it.  they know they will not sell many more copies.  so at this point you put a couple mill in a high yield bank account.  then pay 1 or 2 guys off the interest to keep working on it.  that way they dont get sued, and it costs them nothing.  hence, why the ""updates"" add a hat, and a shirt every couple months, and nothing else is done, to fix the very broke game.if you dont believe me just look at other games.  H1Z1,  half the time spent, half the money spent, already twice the game, and regular updates, that fix things. wow thats an interesting aproach!  if thats not good enough, look for a streamer playing, dayzSA.  if you can find one, as they have gave up too.  you will see whole streams of them complaining about the same things im telling you, and you can see it with your own eyes.im not saying that it wont ever be finished.  im just warning you.  in 3-4 years whenever they get around to calling it done, and ship it.  the game will be the same as it is today, as a lot of the problems cant be fixed without, starting a lot of things from scratch, and spending some more money, and they will not do that. so it will have a few new pants, some fancy boots, and other nick nacks.  the game will still play the same.  mark my words.  atleast i can say i bought in when it was a good idea with high hopes.  anyone that buys it now, or plays it thinkin it will ever be much better. then you cant say you were cought up in the hype like me.  all you will be able to say is ""im a fool""....."
76561198078077080,Not Recommended,221100,32228072,Posted: 6 June,all,Mr. Romero,Dean ran away with the moeny
,Not Recommended,221100,17793940,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,SteelPrincess,"I've seen Early Access games in development for half the time, half the budget, none of the popularity, and twice the complexity, be more accomplished and come further than DayZ has managed to be in... how long has it been now? Too long. When new games are passing you like you're a granny on the highway, you're going nowhere fast. This game reminds me of Battlecruiser 2000.... the game, like many others, that wanted to be the defacto simulation in its field and never could live up to the hype."
,Not Recommended,221100,20687942,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,FNATIC Charles,Not finished!
,Not Recommended,221100,20725353,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Old Man Alex,"I tried to play DayZ several times during the last year. I honestly can't say I enjoyed it...long story short: there are better games to buy with your hard earned money. Don't download it until it reach a decent development stage...if ever, of course. The game is in early access, but the developers does not seem to have a very clear idea of what that means: several roadmaps were presented in the past, and the developing team managed to fail to reach every single objective listed. The latest patches were focused on user-content of neglegible importance: key features like infected behaviour, player methabolism, sickness, environment and many others are still bugged, merely placeholders or not developed at all.The game is not worth its pricetag, and considering both the amateurish approach to game development of team Bohemia and the fanboy-ish approach to user feedback of large parts of the community it will hardly ever be. Until it reaches at least a stable beta stage steer away from it."
76561198228347828,Not Recommended,221100,20907012,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,el,ХУДШИЙ МУСОР
76561198056641204,Not Recommended,221100,21842705,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,mrnonchalantjoe,"This game is a bit over 2 years old now, has been in alpha since those 2 years, and has yet to show any signs of reaching a release date any time soon, I would highly HIGHLY recommend not buying this game until it comes out, there's just no reason to purchase it yet. The game is buggy, broken, and generally NOT FUN, there are many other Early Access survival games that are far closer to completion than this game. Please for the love of God, don't buy this until it's done."
76561198054792063,Not Recommended,221100,21975496,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,WintersForest14,not worth the price for a running simulater
,Not Recommended,221100,18838295,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Swatti,"Surprisingly enough, the game actually runs pretty decent now.  Back then, it would be around 20 FPS in the cities but now, it doesn't dip below 30 FPS.  There's definitely been tons of updates and patches that have been helping the game and I'm glad the developers are working on it to make the game better.  Though, it still has somewhat of a horrible community but that's kind with all survival games nowadays.  You know what I'm talking about, the kill on sight mentality.  Would I recommend, however?  It's really hard to say but I would still wait until it's fully out of early access.  The game is still pretty expensive for something that was originally a mod and there's still weird bugs with the zombies.Though, I won't forget my time with this game and I'm very happy to technically get my money's worth.  I've had a little over 200 hours of heart pumping adrenaline fueled game play that had many memorable moments with my very close friends.  There's always stories to be told..."
,Not Recommended,221100,18855129,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Creature,"Poorly optimized, you'd be lucky to get 25 FPS on a modern gaming machine. Has gotten worse since first release. No zombies. Bugs that take away from what little experience there is to be had. Barely supported. Most regretted purchase."
76561197991224246,Not Recommended,221100,23908119,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,InvisibleRaptor,"Not worth your time and money, the most snail paced development in existence. If you want survival go buy Dont Starve, Rust, Ark. Less money WAY more content, in very small dev time compared to this. Also,  becarefull what you say in the forums."
,Not Recommended,221100,25418223,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Krack_,Don't do it
76561198164757344,Not Recommended,221100,25456812,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Tuna $2.50,-Spawn in-Avoid heaps of bambi cuccs trying to kill you for no reason-get a little bit of gear and head inland to airfield for DAnK L00t-find DAnK gun and ammo-About 3-4 hours of playtime for this character-get shot at by typical DayZ KOS cucc-Unload enitre M4A4 clip into cucc-Enemy cucc bleeding from 10 places-Enemy cucc shoots once and i die-Spawn in-Avoid heaps of bambi cuccs trying to kill you for no reason-get a little bit of gear and head inland to airfield for DAnK L00t-find DAnK gun and ammo-Get mobbed by 3 enemy cuccs-Unload entire AK clip into one cucc and kill him 10/10 miracle he wasnt hacking-Out of ammo now-Make a run for it-Both enemy cuccs taking pot shots but none hit-Just get far enough away that they cant shoot-Whammy-Enemy cucc apears next to me and shoots me point blank-Repeat-10/10 would tollerate 90% cancerous and hacking community just so i could play this game and spend 2 minutes trying to pick up one goddam sodypop
76561197999268949,Not Recommended,221100,25682361,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Nakeio,i dont know what happened after rocket left but this is a disaster. not even playable anymore all servers are private with passwords
,Not Recommended,221100,25708790,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ron Swanson,Do. Not.
,Not Recommended,221100,29306155,Posted: 16 January,all,CrowdedMoth,"Fighting zombies in this game is STILL terrible. Please make it better, can not survive when barly any of your hits register on a zombie and it takes 10 hits with a pickaxe to kill one zombie IF the hits register. Still disappointed."
76561198031650055,Not Recommended,221100,25463477,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,scorpio862,This game is not worth any money as it probably will never be finished. Looks like producers has abandoned the project. I'm very dissapointed as I bought this game about 3 years ago and it didn't progress much since then. It has a lot of bugs and it doesn't work smoothly even on fast PSs.
76561198022757528,Not Recommended,221100,25779010,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tom Joad,There are 3 devs on this game. Don't buy it's dead like the the dev team....
,Not Recommended,221100,29285270,Posted: 15 January,all,MicroAggressor,"I played the dayzmod extensively. I bought this game when it first came out.In short, they took everything that was fun about the mod and removed it.They should not be able to call this an ""early access game"".I would consider it to be one of the biggest let downs in video game history.3 Years of alpha3 Years of bugs3 Years of promises3 Years of liesSpend your money on something else. People that have bought this should be refunded."
,Not Recommended,221100,29504891,Posted: 26 January,all,DividE,"Dun goofed with this new update boys, don't waste your money on a game the devs don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about...Looting system ♥♥♥♥ed, insanely high amount of zombies that feel like dark souls bosses to kill and run like the flash.This really has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198078163171,Not Recommended,221100,19240478,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Mark5019,I have no idea why I purchased this game anyway. I guess it was because I wanted to support but I have never been so wrong in my life but at least uninstall works fine if nothing else does.I would recommend if you want to waste money and use unistall button after playing for few minutes or seconds.
76561198123958251,Not Recommended,221100,20667359,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Chory,fall a max of 4ft and fracture leg.. goes to a black screen randomly.. huge frame rate drops.. eat and drink until full and literally 2 min later hungry and thirsty again. rating 2/10
76561198151356455,Not Recommended,221100,21455403,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,0_0,"After giving 2 years to the dev in hope that they would somehow miracly complete this broken game, I gave up the last tiny bit of hope. It will stuck in Early access forever and ever... Bad news for the dev and good news for us, Escape from Tarkov is going to be the ultimate grave of Dayz..."
,Not Recommended,221100,21482516,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,sleezychickenbiscuits,it sucks♥♥♥♥♥with optimizationm
76561198025933559,Not Recommended,221100,22617633,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,wormy,"Dont buy this game unless you start seeing consistent patches, (atleast montly)"
,Not Recommended,221100,25724830,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ech,"After years of alpha and (beta?) this game is still not out, still glitchy and not improving, go play unturned, same game but better... unless you like dieing by a zombie that morphed through a wall."
76561198022201534,Not Recommended,221100,23528033,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Tramus,"Come back after over a year away. Almost nothing changed. Get shot on sight by a Russian in a ""friendly RP"" server because there's still no game mechanic that gives them a reason not to.Shelve game again."
76561197966876680,Not Recommended,221100,18875557,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Thraxous,"When I first played Dayz it was exciting. The idea of permadeath combined with the realism of a survival game was very fun. I completely understand this game is in alpha as it reminds us everytime we load up but the progress on this game is slow and patchs seem not to occur at a decent pace. BI can say ""well we told you it is in alpha"" but the player base is shrinking.Pros:Great ConceptCombat is intenseHuge world to exploreNegative:Cheating is a real problemServer admins sometimes restart servers after deathSlow development of the gameNon-optimized graphics makes the game run rather ""clunky""I have nearly 1200 hours and I can no longer recommend the game in the state.  I probably won't buy anymore BI games if they don't complete this project. I got my money's worth but it would be nice to see this game in a complete state."
,Not Recommended,221100,20594240,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Blinkrieg,"One year and a half after purchasing the game, there has not been nearly any improvement. At the moment controls are still 100% clumsy, run with a terrible delay, and believe it or not THERE ARE NO ZOMBIES ANYMORE. Pretty hilarious in my opinion for a game that should be pure TWD. Don't get it at least until official release."
,Not Recommended,221100,20700336,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,♠ Mc Nuggets ♠,So... Still waiting for an Alpha worth playing.What a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ the devs are not able to produce anything over the last year of any interest.The Arma 2 Mod version are still better.We need the ARK dev team to get on this and sort it out.Waste of moneyNo progressionDo not buy.Want refund.
,Not Recommended,221100,18306343,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Qitarah,A scam.
,Not Recommended,221100,18348865,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Galahad,"Early access for over 3 years. That should give you your answer if you were deciding on purchases this. Also should note, they RAISED the price from $30 USD to $35 USD. WTF?"
,Not Recommended,221100,22574421,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Hudaman,I would not recommend. I wish Steam incorporated the refund policy when this alpha was released. Would of refunded for sure. I knew within 5 minutes of playing that this game was garbage. This is coming from somebody who loved the mod for Arma 2.  They just need to release some modding tools so the fans can make the game great. Right now it is just a barren wasteland with hats. Lots of hats to wear with hardly any weapons. Need to up the weapons in the map if they want to make this game playable.
,Not Recommended,221100,23264197,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TankPotato,Don't break your legs in the middle of nowhere unless you want to crawl around for hours.
76561198058462266,Not Recommended,221100,22618636,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,]TPG[ YoyoJoe2,"This game had promise, but as soon as the devs stopped working on this buggy peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥it all went downhill, I would not recommend this game unless you like unfinished pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you want dayz just play arma 3 mods."
76561198082220900,Not Recommended,221100,23264389,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,SniperAssult,This game is a glichy trash.  its good but my game sometimes delete all of my good items and work making most playthoughs agravating and frustrated
,Not Recommended,221100,18175673,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Troy,take the most horrible thing you can think of and times it by cancer and this game is still worse
,Not Recommended,221100,18474486,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,our lord and saviour,"Developing this game is taking wayyy too long. Personally, I don't recommend this game for any serious gamer looking for an open world, zombie-like, survival game. I understand it is in mega alpha stage, but it doesnt excuse it's progression rate being so slow. After playing this game extensivley I have come to the conclusion that the game developers seem to not take this project seriously. I would recommend buying this game after its complete enough so that you dont experience the millions of glitches that exist.tl;dr: Too glitchy, not worth 35$. Buy when complete."
,Not Recommended,221100,18564641,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,RUSH B,Still NOT finished.
,Not Recommended,221100,22614942,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,IsaidNOTnowMUM,Please return the game back to before you added the trucks.. It was buggy .. but it was good.
76561198101732133,Not Recommended,221100,23205614,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,tacit,They never execute...Will check back in 2020.
,Not Recommended,221100,20681194,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Borgeb,"This game is a total♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its been over two years since this game came on steam. Its 2016 now and this game is still a early acces game. Even the ingame is total♥♥♥♥♥♥ You get killed on sight for no reason. There is about 99,8% people who will kill you on sight, while MAYBE 0,1 will help you. Even the zombies are overpowered and without no kind of weapons you will die instantly."
,Not Recommended,221100,21910855,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Hispanic at the Disco,"It's just impossible to recommend this game. I bought it the day it came out and the only noticeable difference is that now i can at least get 20-30 fps while walking around.UPDATE: $35 for this♥♥♥♥♥♥???? Come on, at least leave early alpha before you bump the price like that. ♥♥♥♥ing joke."
,Not Recommended,221100,22194639,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,ᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚᅚ - csgopositive.com,"[ru]Текущие проблемы:1. FPS. У меня Arma 3 идет лучше чем движок DayZ SA (переделка движка Arma 2).2. Неестественность движения, модель персонажа постоянно в чем то застревает, цепляется.3. Баги объектов / карты.4. Баги лута / спаун лута.5. Животные.[en]Current problems:1. FPS. I Arma 3 is better than DayZ SA engine (engine modifications Arma 2).2. Unnatural movement, character model is constantly stuck in something, it clings.3. Bugs objects / cards.4. Bugs loot / spawn loot.5. Animals."
,Not Recommended,221100,23245814,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Neuker / Jiří Kříž,"No, just dont buy it. Soooo we get update, thinking some bugs and performance issues will be repaired, but no, we get new tin cans. WOW And Early acces? Yeah like 3 years of it.. Before this game is finished, we will be all dead."
76561198084030637,Not Recommended,221100,20804082,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,james reggin,I'd rather spend my days in a ♥♥♥♥ing trashcan than play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,21381112,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Duskkaras,"I understand the game is early access, but how many years does a game need in Alpha to at least make it to Beta and begin refining features and get optimized?"
,Not Recommended,221100,21534746,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,dan,scam
76561198001234410,Not Recommended,221100,22153918,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,saltynut,"Save your money, don't waste it on DayZ.It's a horrible, broken, buggy, laggy, boring mess. They warn you it's ""Early Access"" - which was fair in late 2013 and 2014. Nearly two and a half years later, it's still Early Access. Still in Alpha. Still worse in every way than the original free DayZ mod from 2012. And it runs like a dog even on high end systems.DayZ will never leave Alpha. It's fundamentally, irretrievably broken. Two and half years of development has been wasted on adding things like hats. The development milestones turned out to be 90% fantasy. Hardly anybody plays it any more. Those players aren't coming back.Ironically, this ""game"" is now a zombie project. A shambling corpse, a cruel mockery of what a game should be, aimlessly shuffling along without intelligence or purpose.It's too late for DayZ. But you can still live. Save yourself."
76561198132302397,Not Recommended,221100,22191215,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BottleNeck,This game is hunka junk i played it and its♥♥♥♥♥♥minecraft is better or Roblox would to but DO NOT BY THE GAME UNLESS YOU WANT A LAGG FEST AND RUNNING FOR HOURS
76561198019543423,Not Recommended,221100,18300707,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,genseeker,Waste of money
,Not Recommended,221100,33305592,Posted: 6 July,all,deadjaay,This isnt a game. This is a failed highschool design project.Doesn't deserve to be on steam.Worst development of a game I have ever seen.
,Not Recommended,221100,17780760,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Walzlo,"Edit: I just got a gtx 980 ti, still can only run this game at 20 fps... WHYYYYYYYY"
76561198011446906,Not Recommended,221100,20637918,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Local Nuisance,"Completely hamstrung by a terrible engine and completely out of touch and borderline dishonest developers.  Movement is truly appalling, zombies STILL literally just jank around with poor animation, and servers have little to no anti-cheating methods in place nor have developers proposed a solution. You will legitimately spend all of your game time running around aimlessly searching through boxes hoping to find items to replenish your various health bars. It's spent three years in ALPHA, this should tell you all you need to know."
,Not Recommended,221100,21139179,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Feral,no.
,Not Recommended,221100,21559440,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Chief,laggy♥♥♥♥♥♥storm
,Not Recommended,221100,22751291,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,LightAmaze,>has SVD>in Vybor>walks up stairs to house to loot>you are dead>teammate confirms nobody shot me>glitch death>1/10wait until it's the next gen game they promised us.
,Not Recommended,221100,29414472,Posted: 21 January,all,blueeyesdragon,This game is interesting the concept is good but there are currently many problems with this gamefirst off the controls need improvement because no matter what i do they feel contrant and i find myself attempting to get through a door multiple times. and attempt to fight zombies is impossible sense the hit detection does not work sometimessecond off there is not enough items in the game. I am unable to find anything. every building I check has nothing in it. It took me 3 hours just to find a can of food and then it took me 10 hours to find a gun and I still have not found any ammo or a vehicle at allthis game has what it takes to be great but these two problems are what is holding this game back so for right now I have no choice but to give this game a bad review I hope that in the future these issue will be fix and I can return and give it a good review
,Not Recommended,221100,25111671,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Basky,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game full of cheaters
76561197975909658,Not Recommended,221100,25711330,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,MasterPauly,"If you are willing to spend £22 on a game that has been in ""development"" for 3 years and is still an alpha, then you are an idiot. I have given up on this joke of a game, just like the developers have. This was a cash grab, and they made plenty of cash. Sure, they will please the f4nb0yZ by releasing a new weapon now and then, but anyone with half a brain knows that content like new weapons and clothing is meaningless if the game itself is laughably buggy. Everyone needs to stop buying this."
,Not Recommended,221100,25792973,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,memesandmaryjane,a zombie game that has more humans in it than zombiesnot to mention it will never leave alpha-10/10 what a disappointment
,Not Recommended,221100,25805380,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,mikins,"At first, it was fun, the glitches weren't so bad, because you know - it was Alpha. The teleporting zombies, getting stuck in rocks, falling off highs without a reason, no zombies when I last played it, dieing off bugs etc. etc. After all this time I had this game, seeing that nothing has changed, makes me sad, because I loved this game. Thank you for ruining this for me and all the fans that liked this game. Developers took the cash and left.Don't buy this game, unless you want to wait another 10 years in Alpha game."
76561198059830740,Not Recommended,221100,25069829,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,MajorChipHazard,Crap. Devs are horrible.
76561197998577992,Not Recommended,221100,25811418,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Herman Lejter,I've owned it for over a year and it's hardly changed.
,Not Recommended,221100,31317656,Posted: 23 April,all,TheGrapist,"4 years later, little to no diffrense from launch"
76561198070616543,Not Recommended,221100,24065656,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,MagicTurtle,it needs some work.
76561198058411761,Not Recommended,221100,25421895,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,KushConnoissuer,Super fun game. You spend hours on end building your character only to have your gun or gear glitch and disappear in an instant... I honestly don't see this game being launched within the next 2-3 years. It has serveral problems from bugs to people cheating and they don't seem to care or adress important issues. They do however care about stupid♥♥♥♥♥wolves before anything else. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,221100,28576313,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Drebin,I keep reinstalling this after each new stable update...only to be reminded of why I unistalled it in the first place.Recommmended...in premise ONLY...not recommended for purchase.
,Not Recommended,221100,25199088,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,PhoenixTheSage,"Not anything close to the original feeling of the mod.Considerable technical issues and obvious lack of focus on important alpha development milestones for actual gameplay mechanics over the already 3 year period this has been worked on, shows this project is going no where fast.As a long time supporter of DayZ and someone who put countless hours administrating servers during the days of the mod, I could not recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,221100,25435467,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The Lonely Hill,Literal ♥♥♥♥ing Dumpster Fire
,Not Recommended,221100,25422068,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,MeanBill,"This is the alpha that doesn't end, yes it goes on and on my friends,Some people started playing it not knowing it never would be done,and they'll get fed up eventually and just move the f__k on.Because,This is the alpha that doesn't end, Yes it goes on and on my friends,Dean Hall was smart enough to run away he knows it's doomed to fail,any dev who's worth a damn should right for the hills!Because,This is the alpha that doesn't end, yes it goes on and on my friends..."
,Not Recommended,221100,16275148,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,*{S}*Dark,"Bitte kauft euch dieses spiel nicht es is reine geld verschwendung da es jetzt seit über 2 jahren draußen und immer noch in der early alpha seit neuestem verliere ich immer die verbindung obwohl ich noch nicht mal auf dem server gespawnt bin das spiel nervt einfach nur noch und das update was vor 3 wochen und länger versprochen wurde ist bis heute nicht da. Meiner meinung nach is das spiel der größte müll aller zeiten und wird es bei dem tempo der entwickler niemals in die end version kommen. Ich hoffe meine meinung hilft euch ein bisschen und die Performance ist jetzt noch schlechter als vorher und die angegebenen Systemvoraussetzungen stimmen überhaupt nicht. Ich hab ein Intel i5 4440 mit 3,1 GHz und 16 gb ram und eine gtx 970 mit 4 gb vram und das scheiß Game läuft überhaupt nicht flüssig wenns gut läuft hab ich höchstens 40 fps man kann das denke ich schon mal als Kunden Betrug Werten allein schon weil die Zombies nach wie vor durch Wände glitchen und rum buggen 27€ sind eindeutig zu viel für sowas.Ein kleine Update für euch nun ist das Spiel seit 3 Jahren in der alpha und außer die performance wurde nicht so viel verändert/verbessert. ich habe durch ein spielfehler die hälfte von meim stuff verloren und sowas nervt einfach nur das die entwickler das selbst nach 3 Jahren EARLY ACCESS nicht schaffen solche nervigen fehler zu beheben das kotzt einfach. Weshalb ich beschlossen habe das Spiel nicht mehr vor dem verlassen der Alpha zu spielen."
,Recommended,221100,8421050,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Glowsticky,yes
,Recommended,221100,10458902,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Just Jake,"Shot my friend in the face, ate a rotten kiwi and died.10/10"
,Recommended,221100,8108127,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,finargot,"This is must be one of the hotest releases of the year. The game has very big future and i hope it will be awesome.At this moment the game is better than Dayz Mod and has a lot of awesome features:+Animations+New engine+Craft and character system+More hardcoreAnd also at the moment of my review there are few things that must be fixed:-Few zombiez-No tech (cars, heli ...)-Strange loot systemPlaying every day and i hope i will play more years!"
76561198098795186,Recommended,221100,12661625,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,KamiKazi,I said hi to a guy and he bashed my head in 10/10 would paly again
76561198008526109,Not Recommended,221100,11759976,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,MonsterGodz,"In all honesty, I absolutely love the idea of this game. However, the devs are far too focused on making it a hardcore pvp game. The zombies will never be fun to try and survive from and maybe even take on. This is because all of the people that play this game are either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that kill you on site, or expect you to jump through hoops for them or they will kill you.If they made a way to have a private server with friends only then yes this would be a great game, but as it stands this game is a waste of time unless you love pvp and wasting time losing gear to people that sit in spawn areas and kill new players.Long story short, without private servers I will probably never install this game again."
,Recommended,221100,8527153,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Dondi,"You either die a friendly, or you live long enough to see yourself become the bandit."
,Not Recommended,221100,24439390,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Cool Le Frog,"Community is♥♥♥♥♥♥, nobody is actually role playing and stuff , everyone just KOSs , its boring when all that happens is you getting killed .The game is in development for a couple of years and they said they would release it in early 2016....Would not reccommend unless you are a guy that only cares about KOSing people"
,Not Recommended,221100,28888690,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zu,Forever Alpha
76561198008279630,Not Recommended,221100,22889356,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DwightKShrute,"""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME FUNCTIONING. ""^^^ - This gets me every time. Folks, this summarizes my short time with the game. I am an early adopter, played 20 or 30 minutes now and then to see the minimal changes. I've seen a few games go backwards in terms of development, but not like this. Without firing their whole dev team and starting over, I don't see much daylight for this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,16134266,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Shamejaws,Is it good yet?
,Recommended,221100,9960568,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,BITCHPLZ-_-,"Hold ""W"" for a long time untill you get some where, Get too said place then die from a sniper in the hills. Best game i'v ever played on steam so FAR!"
76561198035578736,Recommended,221100,9368130,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,brian,"A perfect game if you want to be running hours on end in one direction, then to be killed on sight by a 10 year old bandit, whos' mother bashes them on a daily basis. 10/10 great game"
12231435436264623,Recommended,221100,9114851,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,M.C Eugene,Got punched in the face then knocked out then someone sprayed a bottle of windex in my mouth and made me throw up my insides 10/10
76561198027009605,Not Recommended,221100,13348974,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Jan,"I'm trying so hard to like this game, I've been trying for a year now. But it's impossible too, the developers are very lazy and keep acting like they're so busy, fact is, they have enough money, and that's all you need to make a game good.Currectly (and probatly for the next 5 years) this game is in alpha and around everything you can think of is broken.Do not buy."
,Recommended,221100,9881318,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,TheHatGuy,"I fell off a castle, broke my legs, rolled around until I found a large group of gentlemen. They handcuffed me, challenged me to a game of hangman then ran off leaving me to die in the middle of the street.10/10 Best game ever."
76561198159026439,Not Recommended,221100,15779451,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,moorchmanitie,very slow coldnt play there was so much lag
,Recommended,221100,8451807,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Take.it.Eazy,Die trying to find your friends 10/10. Must buy!
,Not Recommended,221100,30036783,Posted: 19 February,all,BAJIO34,"Buggy, empty, boring, just a broken mess... I wish I'd never spent money on it! It's a shame, I was so looking foward to the stand alone game. I've lost count how many years it's been, how many updates it's had and it's still terrible."
76561198031611440,Not Recommended,221100,30760123,Posted: 26 March,all,Eevz,"No significant updates have been done to the game in years.It will never be finished, probably.But it's okay, they updated the melee animations."
76561198181710095,Not Recommended,221100,30882816,Posted: 1 April,all,NMoverlord,SO GLITCHY AND LAGGY
,Not Recommended,221100,30765221,Posted: 26 March,all,Stupid Poo,Early Access Simulator.
,Not Recommended,221100,30264298,Posted: 1 March,all,Recro,"Got this game years ago, it had awful performance issues and controls, nothing has changed."
76561198034457388,Not Recommended,221100,29709521,Posted: 4 February,all,FoXRuN,"Really hoped and dreamed for this game to turn into something good.  I guess thats all it was.... Hopes and Dreams....  Since this game had released on early access I have had it and have yet to sink any real time into the game simply because of how horrible it is and has always been.   I was thinking maybe they'll get us an update sometime soon and correct quite a few things....  NOPE!   Food is so scarce on some servers that you your doomed from spawn to die from starvation.  Sure you can dig up worms and eat those and become ill as hell hope you find antibiodics and survive, but goodluck!I would think that if the dev's cared about the community even the slightest they would come up with something or release frequent updates trying to fix this game.  All I ever see is news updates claiming we are going to do this or that.  The content never shows and now more then ever after checking back in today I feel like this is a huge scandal to get our money.   They might as well change the price becuase its nowhere near worth 34.99!!!   More like $2.99 !   and even at that rate they should still advertise this as something to just waste your hdd space and simulate walking and dying of starvation."
76561198121574476,Not Recommended,221100,29726559,Posted: 5 February,all,heckster -iwnl-,it's pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198068554358,Not Recommended,221100,29723316,Posted: 5 February,all,D4NDY_,"TIP: For the love of god, add a new gamemode or ANYTHING because right now this game is so boring it hurts."
76561198194793665,Not Recommended,221100,31271459,Posted: 21 April,all,Lieutenant Dan,"♣  Le Dayz SA	♣God forbid i ever see ""Hicks"" or the devteam in real life because i will kill you slower than the rate of developement on this game.My heartiest congratulations, you stupid, ignorant, lazy, compulsive lying, money grabbing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dev team, you succesfully purchased the rights to one of the best mods i have ever played, one of the highest trending mods in the world, the hard work of countless contributers and you turned it into horse♥♥♥♥♥♥There are so many things wrong with this game which i have experienced from both playing mod and SA but the bottom line is you had a great basis to work on from the mod: Combat, Guns, Vehicles, Base building.It was clunky but nevertheless better than this pile of trash which saddens me everytime i see this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game in my steam library list.► More time is put into writing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t dev reports saying what they plan to do instead of actually developing.► The lack of prioritisation is astounding, ie. Planting a ♥♥♥♥ing zuchini plant to grow vegetables over broken sounds► Slack developement team who does not support its streamers, or youtubers►  Countless ♥♥♥♥ing lies which you now title as ""internal reports"" in an attempt to stop the outcry over all these ""planned"" functions which eventually amounted to nothing.► Countless glitches causing the game to be more buggy than the original mod.God damn it Bohemia what the ♥♥♥♥ happened to you, when along the lines did you ditch all the basics of game development and spend all your time and revenue generated from the ""Alpha"" sales (if you can even call this trash ""Alpha"" lol what a ♥♥♥♥ing joke) and result in sitting on beanbags in your office drinking fairtrade coffee.♣  Botttom line is:	♣You succesfully gave millions of people a means to an end, if you want to get euthenized and its not legal in your country play this game, you will loose braincells and life blood so quick that youll enter the void in an instant, i promise."
76561198087586325,Not Recommended,221100,16607344,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,ShallMar,10% luck20% skill15% concentrated power of will5% rage50% pain0% reason to purchase this game
76561198070487039,Not Recommended,221100,30023340,Posted: 18 February,all,pieces,NOT A REAL GAME
76561197971945253,Not Recommended,221100,30158848,Posted: 24 February,all,Fuel,"Release Date: 16 Dec, 2013Early Access...LOL. It's 2017.By the time all these early access games are complete. You will need an old computer to play them, because the games will be so out dated."
,Not Recommended,221100,30249649,Posted: 28 February,all,r0cky-,waste of time
,Not Recommended,221100,30667421,Posted: 22 March,all,T1| Boogey,"♥♥♥♥♥developer. They announced their other space♥♥♥♥♥♥game is cancelled a couple of weeks ago. I think they are gonna bankrupt or sth.They couldn't even fix desync, bad ballistics combined with abysmally aligned optic attachments, terrible fps; even the autistic bugs like zombies going through doors & walls, hitting people outside of surfaces in THREE YEARS OF EARLY ACCESS.TL;DR: If you are a person that aims to be a developer in the future and want to observe WHAT NOT TO DO AS A GAME DEVELOPER, SEEK FOR BAD EXAMPLES and want to get a grasp on BAD BUSSINESS ETHICS and learn how to MILK PEOPLE, this game is great, buy it (pls don't). And it runs like an ancient Volkswagen minibus, except the fact that minibus takes you somewhere."
76561198122626663,Not Recommended,221100,30883266,Posted: 1 April,all,Yeet Machine,Its basically a running simulator.
,Not Recommended,221100,29849861,Posted: 11 February,all,Spectorx0,i lost an m4 and my m8 lost an ak because are guns couldnt reload and we lost the mags i wouldnt recommend this game until its atleast beta they need to sort that out
76561198065653062,Not Recommended,221100,30712119,Posted: 24 March,all,Professor Meow Meow(✧w✧✿,Don't buy this game. Wait for Arma 3 to go on sale again. Don't buy this.
76561198031529307,Not Recommended,221100,29782104,Posted: 8 February,all,actionorb,5/10 Could not live up to the hype... but I still have very memorable moments playing DayZ. And apparently still in early access...
76561198149484547,Not Recommended,221100,30037974,Posted: 19 February,all,MonkeyMujahid,Waste my life of 1k hrs of gaming 1 year for update 3 years of early access and concentrating on Arma 3 more than Dayz Standalone Bohemia is a capitalism they care about money than actually their customers. Put a refund to get back our money of wasting
76561197972666014,Not Recommended,221100,30684753,Posted: 23 March,all,Shaving Ryan's Privates,such a waste of time and money
,Not Recommended,221100,30727275,Posted: 25 March,all,Oct_opus,Game still not finished after so mutch time.. dont waste your money. Its a shame....
76561198076694791,Not Recommended,221100,29564932,Posted: 29 January,all,pp,"I would never recommend this game to anyone. It has been broken for 3 years for now, developers completely abandoned it, making useless updates 2 or 3 times per year, which only add new gun, or new base, while the game is still unplayable. Broken zombies, navmesh glitches (when you fall through the terrain to death), movement and animation glitches, broken item spawns. And all the developers do: they make game harder by making your character freeze to death in 15 min of gameplay if you dont constantly stay at fireplace, by making you die of starvation in 25 min of gameplay. Seriously? I bought this useless trash when it was hell cheaper, but I didn't enjoy it even a SINGLE time. This game is a useless waste of time: you suffer for hours, trying to get guns and loot and then you die because of stupid bugs. For making product this lazy and this bad, I hope your company will go bankrupt and you will be dragged over courts for your entire miserable life, developers."
,Not Recommended,221100,29562883,Posted: 29 January,all,Frost,What a massive disappointment.
,Not Recommended,221100,30187417,Posted: 25 February,all,#Lightning ##,"Its been 4 years. It's still a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ There is no hope for this game, anyone who says otherwise is delusional."
76561198126957053,Not Recommended,221100,30846422,Posted: 30 March,all,Deadlyfunk,The development team sure put some hard work into those trees!
,Not Recommended,221100,22266204,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Mudzie,WAITING FOR BETA███████████████████████████████████████████████████████████▒────────██████████████████████████████───────────████████████████████████████▓──────░────▓████████████████████████████─░██████░──█████████████████████████████▒▓██▓████──▓██████████████████████████░──▒██░▓██▒▒▒███████████████▓──▓███████▓────▒▓█░▒──▓████████████████▓▒────▓█████▒────▒░────████████████████▓░████▒───████▒▒█──▓──▓▓████▓▓▓▓█████████─▓██████──████▓▓─▒█▓▓█▓─────────▓███████─▓█████████───▓▒▓▓▒▒██─▒▓█████▓─▓███████─▓███████▒▓█▓█─██─▓▒▓▒▒███████──███████▒─▒██████░─█▓▓▓─██─▒▓██▒─██████░─███████▓▒─█████▒─▒▒▓▓█─██░█▓░▓─▒██████▒─███████▓▒─█████─████▓█─██─▒▓██─▓██████──███████▓▓─█████──█████─██─█▓░▓─███████──███████▓▓▓█████░▒██▓▓▓─▓█─▓▒█──███████──███████─────███▓─▓██▒▒▒▒█─██▓─▓███████▒▓██████▓─▒░█▒─██▓─█▓──█─▓█─▒█▓─███████▓▒─▓█████▒▓─█░█▒███─████─▒▓▓▒█▒─██████▓─────█████▓█─█─▓████▓────▒▓████████████─██▒▒─▓████████████████████─██▓▓▓▓████████─█─█░████████████████████─────────████████─████████████████▓───────────────████████████████████████──░██──────░██▓─▓██████████████████████▓─▒███───────██▓─▒███████████████████████▓───────███─────████████████████████████▒▓▓▓▓▓▓█████───███████████████████████▓───███████████▒▒██████████████████████▒──▒████████████───████████████████████▒──▒█████████████▓───██████████████████───████████████████───█████████████████───██████████████████───███████████████───███████████████████░──▒██████████████▒▓█████████████████████─▒▒█████████████▒──█░████████████████████░─▒█████████████▓█▒────▓████████████████▒▒▒██████████████████▓────▓████████████░░████████████████████████▒──▒▓─█▓██████──██████████████████████████▒▓────█████░─▒█████████████████████████▓────▓██████──█████████████████████████▓▓░▒█▓██████▓─▓███████████████████████████▓█████████──█████████████████████████████████████▓─██████████████████████████████████████─▒█████████████████████████████████████▓▓▓─████████████████████████████████████────▓░▒███████████████████████████████░─░▓─▓─▓███████████████████████████████████▓▓█████████████
,Not Recommended,221100,29727390,Posted: 5 February,all,Aunt Jemima,Do. Not. Buy. This. Game.The game does not work.
,Not Recommended,221100,29722637,Posted: 5 February,all,Pliiats,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥FIX IT AND IL LEAVE A POSITVIE REVIEW
,Not Recommended,221100,29794640,Posted: 8 February,all,Änö,lol no
76561197963249937,Not Recommended,221100,28853186,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MS-DOX,devs don't care. learnt my lesson about early access games from this. they get your money and leave.
,Not Recommended,221100,29032147,Posted: 5 January,all,Valorforte,"Community mods in Arma 3 are doing more and doing it better than DayZ Standalone is. When the game hopefully picks up development this year, I may very well consider recommending this game, and I'll come back to check out the beta build, but right now it's a no-go."
,Not Recommended,221100,17078578,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,i no longer have mcdonalds ping,This game isn't even as fun as the old Arma 2:OA mod.
76561197966157167,Not Recommended,221100,23257907,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,My Neighbour Niknaks,"Spent 2 hours walking around, died to i dont know what.Respawned ran for an hour down the coast and some bloke with a shotgun blew my face off.10/10 would waste 3 hours playing walking sim again."
,Not Recommended,221100,23907175,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Guitar Hirron,"Almost 3 years since it went out, it's one of the most demanded games of steam (at a not so cheap price, even during sales) and it's still not near as good as the Arma II DayZ mod..."
76561198045951604,Not Recommended,221100,25422444,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Sgt. Good,"I bought the game a long time ago and even with all the new updates content it still does not seem like a good game there was and is too many promises that had never been fulifilled, you can buy arma 3 or even arma 2 with only mods and have it would be twice as good as Dayz"
,Not Recommended,221100,25857012,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Sile,"This game is a glorified running simulator with a terribly slow development process, like babies are at work..."
76561198083507944,Not Recommended,221100,29325177,Posted: 17 January,all,skooma,Swindled.
,Not Recommended,221100,30934553,Posted: 3 April,all,purplenerds <3,fix pls
,Not Recommended,221100,18321759,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,|FOX| Ron Swanson,2 years on and still no game -  THIS IS A SCAM
,Not Recommended,221100,18466596,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Bootman,this game has horrible FPS plus the game is full of bugs would not recommend this for anyone
76561198042672501,Not Recommended,221100,17795284,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Cpt. Jiggles,"Don't buy this game. It is the epitome of garbage and borderline vaporware. my 35 hours have been spaced out betweeen 18 months, and it's only gone downhill. Originally, it was somewhat entertaining: Get dropped in, find some stuff, go to a bigger place, find some food, find a gun. Zombies were slow, but could sneak up on you at times.  The majority of solo play is boring because it's solo play, with no real sandbox aspects such as missions or building, or even much to do. Multiplayer with randoms is impossible as you'll probably get robbed by friendlies. Multiplayer with friends would be great- Expect that spawn is fairly random and with the size of the map and need for food and water, you could end up going hours and not meeting them. Later on into it, FPS got worse for seemingly no reason, though I bought a new computer with better spec, it still ran... poorly at best. Noise clips are placed at seemingly random intervels using only what was on your screen to assist you in assessing situation. This game had a LOT of potential as a big, zombie survival game, but stumbled and decided to lay in the $5+ Million dollars that we, the buyers, so foolishly gave it.Do not believe the developers: This game is not evolving. I've taken courses on evolutionary biology: This game is as stagnant as Bill Cosby's future career. While they are right that it contains a variety of bugs, and it is definitely a work in 'something' It definitely isn't progress. the past 2 years have added a few articles of clothing, new random noises, hacked servers, no fixes to anything pertaining to physical things such as walls, doors, floors, etc. You can still break your leg jumping off of two steps but fall from the X-th story of a building and walk away like terminal velocity aint♥♥♥♥♥♥ They also strongly say not to buy the game unless you 'clearly' understand what early access means. Everyone knows this definition, and we expected regular access in a year, maybe  2, but now? eesh...The game is a lost cause. It was once a hopeful approach to a neat little genre, but it's♥♥♥♥♥♥community, poor development, and no coming out of this rut its gotten in to has made it an  utter waste of 35 bucks. just burn the money, it's about as cost effective for heat1/10, had about 2 hours of enjoyment."
76561198077787647,Not Recommended,221100,18185635,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Desamus,Hack Fest with asshat kids!
,Not Recommended,221100,16753772,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,~FDG~Linewalker,You're better off pounding your fist several times on the sidewalks of Russia.
,Not Recommended,221100,17482783,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Sagesheep,"I like dayz, they taught me what early access game is really about.they also thought me i shouldn't buy early access game if i want a full gameplay experience.Also, they taught me to expect years before early access is released, or never."
,Not Recommended,221100,31249144,Posted: 19 April,all,Bipson,"A game that's development was plagued with drama worse then horde of zombies, and a rumor of a cure called a BETA release.This game had a novelty to it that became irrelevant when other games released better versions of DayZ with a broader audience.This game's biggest feature is the element of role-play that it's actually a good game.  It's apparently the only way to enjoy DayZ in it's current form.don't buy Early Access games"
,Not Recommended,221100,17238788,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,[WTF] KornedKawb,DONT GET THIS GAME. WAIT TILL ITS FINISHED OTHERWISE youll just get mad at everything in the world bc of hackers. ther back. again.
,Not Recommended,221100,18136031,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,1nfr4r3d,autistic crap cash grabing game
,Not Recommended,221100,18180453,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,GrimStream,"worst game ever, bohemia interactive, most stupid developers in gaming history"
,Not Recommended,221100,18258809,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Magpie,"No zombies after a 2 yearsDevs took $100million and did nothing with it, the original MOD for Arma II is still superior in every way. Bohemia cannot bring themselves to replicate the efforts of a single man (Dean Hall) working in his spare time over a few months when they have years, an entire development team and millions of dollars in funding. What does that tell you? They're useless.Just play the mod."
76561198049758121,Not Recommended,221100,34915068,Posted: 13 September,all,Shady Motley,"Game Development Misteps and Mismanagement Simulator (Early Access) - ""When it's done...""Kanye West will be the next US President before this game gets finished."
,Not Recommended,221100,22034985,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Caio,Worst game ever. directx 9. No FPS
76561198134991959,Not Recommended,221100,22210431,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Cheekiest_Breeki,it is hundreds of years in the futrue and humans have begun to colonize the galaxy. All known deseases have been cured and poeple are celebrating the release of half life 2.5. Meanwhile DayZ is still in early Aplha pending the return of improved zombies to the games
76561198071049394,Not Recommended,221100,22599494,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Remus,as this game stands not worth the money or time wait another three years and then and mayb then it might be playable
,Not Recommended,221100,22767036,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,MHC,Bohemia please repair this bugs and optimalization. Bug's is annoying for example: My hero want to drink water and his gun put in the grass.And suddenly gun disappeared.PLEASE REPAIR THIS !!As long as the game is the estimate at  5/10
76561197999713874,Not Recommended,221100,21166631,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,AGENT-47™,honestly  been waiting for 2 years now and now i quit. No one is working on this game. updates come every 3 month and Glitches are always the same. Owner of this  game probably bought  house somewhere on the island and pays 3rd world country to do updates.  Waste of Money
76561197981168147,Not Recommended,221100,22024234,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Dominic,Worst game I've ever bought. period
,Not Recommended,221100,22492660,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,fsck -N,"Can be fun. Rarely.Mostly, you just log in hoping they have made a real game out of it.This game will be finnished in 3 or 4 more years if they do not abandon it.There has never been a deadling they have met. Not one. Not ever.If you can get past all that, on the right server, on the right day, in the right condititions ...You will never feel the intense need to live and the true fear of death like you can, rarely, in this game."
76561198066430818,Not Recommended,221100,21187508,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,George Kush,The only thing this game has going for it is that its pretty to look at...the rest is cancer
76561198019124861,Not Recommended,221100,22233097,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,VasOK,Early Access... Forever..
,Not Recommended,221100,22349415,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Mayo-In-A-Jar,"map is basically the size of alaska nad takes 30 minutes to walk anywhere, if youre lucky enough to find a gun, good luck finding ammo for it"
76561197961347102,Not Recommended,221100,22702435,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Anonymous,dauert einfach viel zu lange und bis es zur vollversion wird gehen wohl noch 1-2 jahre ins land minimum! .. schade
76561198042674696,Not Recommended,221100,33304563,Posted: 6 July,all,DandyHands dinky Dee,bad
,Not Recommended,221100,34977057,Posted: 15 September,all,(THF) Kwiky,"Absolutely awful game, brought it long ago expecting that the devs would make it as enjoyable as the mod.........it isnt. apart from superficial changes to the ui, optimization and new items added it still feels and plays exactly the same as the first time i played it. Dont get me wrong if you like holding w for hours on end this game is definately for you! if it wasnt for the fact i got this game so long ago i would be asking for a refund! Also the playerbase is still just as toxic as ever with fully geared guys sitting in corners and shooting anyone they see even if they are unarmed with their hands up, then they swear at you and call you all sort of obscenities yea real nice. So if your to avoid a game like the plague then this is most certainly it -100/10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,221100,22052928,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Crownasaurus,"You know about 6 months ago, on Reddit and all the gaming forums there was loads of hype about these zombie games, MMO SURVIVAL EPICS, but then they totally didn't deliver? Some turned into PtW? Others were just♥♥♥♥♥♥'alphas' for way longer than they should have been - you know what I'm talking about, H1Z1!Well this is the other one. It's like H1Z1, except it plays less well (gamplay is jerky) but just like H1Z1, there was huge promise and bugger all happens. Personally I am off to try a survival MMO I know WONT disappoint, where is that ArkZ game...."
,Not Recommended,221100,21347118,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Palt,Would rather play Superman 64.
,Not Recommended,221100,21359734,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,BoL0NjeZ,"It is awfull. Gameplay could be ok if the game was done correctly and to the end. It misses so much...But poor people, like myself, payed for this to play it, but it is just standing in my inventory waitting to be deleted..."
76561198090929737,Not Recommended,221100,22047135,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Slapchop Bogworm,"After many hours of gameplay i can safely say this:this game is still in alpha, one of the longest running games that is still in alpha (a couple of years old, actually) and it is very doubtful that this game will ever be 'released' as a whole, fully functioning game. the game hasn't changed much from when it started- there's just more stuff. patches are rare and aren't all that groundbreaking, sometimes they even remove zombies for a while. which is complete rubbish; this game relies so heavily on it's human interaction that it's literally no fun without them because you collect enough ammo for your overpowered gun to fuel a small army, while enemies (zombies and humans) take no more than 5 shots to kill (this is all of the weapons, the vast majority of them kill in a considerably less ammount of time.)when you do actually find yourself toe-to-toe with another player, combat is awkward and quirky. especially if you both have melee weapons... watch a youtube video, it's hilariously frustrating.there is also the problem with death in the game; you can die/injure yourself from literally anything, which is kind of realistic i suppose, but you wouldn't instantly die from jumping feet-first off a platform inside of a barn. any little bump or graze has a very high chance of killing you because the damage ratios are about as a debate team having an argument with a group of special needs kids.overall, with the digusting ammount of money that the developers recieved from this game it should have been finished years ago, but why bother when they've already made their money? we should learn from the fact that this game and many other alpha games will never leave that stage because they don't need to, you'll buy that crap game anyway. don't be a sheep- vote with your wallet.yet may i add, i had fun with this game; it envolopes your time completely when you're with a friend, but it is very frustrating to play when you're pressured, since everything seems to break or doesn't work at all."
76561198250946174,Not Recommended,221100,18879386,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,matayis12,this game sucks can i pleas have a refund
76561198047862428,Not Recommended,221100,18688907,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Shuffle,"After playing this for some time i have found it has been an absoulote disgrace to the Dayz community Dean ""Rocket"" Hall has shunned this to be the worst remake of the popular ARMA 2 : Dayz Mod if i could some this game up in one word it would be ""Tragic"" , i have to inform you on what a **** storm this game is it makes my blood boil i would not reccomend this to anyone if they buy it then they are as dumb as i amBelow i will list a few pro's and con's about this game and explain why its a 100000000x worse than the mod i feel like they have butchered what used to be one of the most playable and fun games/mod's in excitencePro's====[] Guns, this the only thing i can complement on they have added some great weapons such as theMosin Nagant andM4A1 but the amount of creativity was lacking in my opinion i will tell you why inthe con's section of the review[] Very Pretty game[] Amount of enterable buildings big improvement to the modCon's====Right you may as well grab a drink or a bite to eat while you read this becuase the amount of problems within this game is unbelievable , i will write a few in detail and explain why they are a problem and how maybe they could be fixed if even possibleBefore i even start saying **** about this game i would like to add these are my opinions about the game and how it could be fixed are in the understanding that they are possible within the game and are reasonableFirstly i will start with the game performance it runs like crap ! , its not well optimised and constant fps loss and bugs are rife , here is an example will be running through the middle of Chernogorsk ( One of Chernarus main cities) and will get absoulote disgusting frame drops and issues i will go from running a consistent 60 fps to a low 12-25 fps  this is something tha needs to be fixed , i know full well this was in ARMA 2 Dayz but they fixed it to and extent where you dont get freeze's ,crashes and constant problems with Win 7 telling would you like to change your visibility settings.Secondly Zombies dont even get me started on these peices of **** these are 100x worse than they were in the mod at beta form heres a list of what problems to start me off , they glitch through walls , they are extremely buggy with hits and knockouts , they cannot go up stairs 0_o  they cant climb , they are no challenge to the player in any means and to top it all of they are overall awful quality there animations seems sluggish and un cordinated and there overall apperance doesnt suggest to me they are even remotley close to being able to hurt me, if i was to see a person working on zombies i would like to see the Dayz Taviana people do it they are on the money with there Dayz Zombie interaction and designLast point i want to end before i close this review off becuase i dont fancy sitting here for days telling you the amount of problems are in this game , Items very well made dont get me wrong but the amount of dissapering loot is crazy and frustating.Ive been saying to myself come back in 6mths - 1 year then do a review when the game is better and fixed , cant happen ive waited and enough is enough they seriously need a huge overhall on this game or they are going to lose there fan base which frankly would be a good thing so we can get this ""cancer"" from tainting the good name of DayzI would like to thank you for reading this review, although there are few points believe me if i could travel back in time i would tell myslef to go grab a beer than buy this crap, not worth it ! if i could give this a value rating it would 2/10 thats being generous.I would like to reiterate that these are my opinions dont take it to heart if you have a complete differnet opininon to me don't message me with hate just because i have a different opinion , but feel free to message or add me with questions on regarding the game and its current stateCheersShuffle :D"
,Not Recommended,221100,25692941,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,VAC,"Spend 12 hours finding a single NotaCola in a military base.Get shot on sight.Spent 12 hours of virginity for no reason.I want my money back.Etc, etc, It's a waste of life. I'd rather play Unturned"
76561198048344457,Not Recommended,221100,31351768,Posted: 24 April,all,Stealth,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Rocket▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░▄Steam▄░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,221100,24919245,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,yawza,"This is possibly the biggest waste of money i've ever spent. DO NOT buy this game AT ALL. I was tricked into buying this game because of the overall review on it, ""Mostly Positive"", but those good reviews were back when this game was in the golden age. First of all, it is one of the most boring games ever. One reason why the game sucks is because they updated the loot and weapon/gear drops to where they are all in the center of the map. NOTHING spawns on the coast, which is where you always spawn 100% of the time. Every time. ""So"", you might ask, ""why not just run to the middle of the map?"". That's the question i had, and i found out the hard way. It's literally, no exaggeration, a 2 hour run to the midddle of the map, IN REAL LIFE. That's 2 hours of your life wasted on just holding down the W key. There are absolutely NO interactions with other players along the way, and NO loot drops. Also, if you want to drive a car in the game, here are the items required. You need to find gas, wheels, steering wheel, engine, doors, glass, etc, and NONE OF IT spawns near the car. IT IS ALWAYS in the center of the map. These developers are so clueless that one time they updated the game and accidentally forgot to ADD ZOMBIES. And you would think that zombies would be the main reason oof dying in that game, right? Wrong. Here's a story. It was my first time playing, and i spawned in by the coast. It was a 30 minute run to Cherno, (in real life minutes), where i met up with my 2 friends. We then spent an hour trying to find ANY loot in ANY buildings along the coast. We explored about 100 buildings and found NOTHING. No exaggeration once again, we found NOTHING AT ALL. We then said, ""let's go to middle map to get some gear"". After running for an hour and a half, bored out of our minds, we finally got to the military tents. My friend immediately got sniped and died instantly. He didn't know where the guy was, and didn't have any gear to protect himself. I ran for about 10 minutes and found a rifle. It had NO AMMO, because there are never any ammo drops. I then climbed up about 3 FEET to the top of a sniper hut, then tried to climb back down, but the ladder glitched, and I FELL 3 FEET AND DIED. I then said to myself, ""well, at least i'll spawn where i died"". WRONG. You spawn back on the coast, 2 hours away from where you died. Always. PLEASE NEVER GET THIS GAME. DON't SUPPORT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ DEVS."
,Not Recommended,221100,25774701,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,o0nameless0o,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game in my oppinion, to many people wanting to KOS in the game in stead of playing the game. Should have seen this coming with players in general. You can only have fun on whitelist servers IF you get selected, like this game is some kind of god sent or something."
76561198027089243,Not Recommended,221100,25776962,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,The Rickest Rick,trash
,Not Recommended,221100,28857964,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GS,BIG TIME FAIL
76561198095239525,Not Recommended,221100,29349171,Posted: 18 January,all,BrrrLord2000,"This is F###ing s##t....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.."
,Not Recommended,221100,26153519,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Gallows Messiah,"Ive had this in early access for a long time now and bounce back every so often to see how its going, and it still is just as wonky as ever to play. Soooooo many bugs and the movement and interaction is just soooo bad, not smooth at all. I really wish I could say something good about this game since I had such high hopes for it but im tired of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ point the game has been in since its pre alpha launch to this very moment. its just a few random new features added to the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ enviroment.I have put 78 hours of game time into this game and the only fun thing that I ever did was get geared up from a army camp just to die from an infection a little while later because there are no items besides hundreds of empty buildings that miiiiiiight have a hat or something inside.Back to playing the Arma3 mods that dont suck♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,29337691,Posted: 18 January,all,Maverade,"Played 170 hours on this and feel like a complete waste of time. I Played 500+ hours on the Dayz Mod and I can it was worth every second.All they did was take peoples money and break promises that are easily fulfilled. They had some of the biggest potential in gaming history with this and they blew it. It blows my mind to this day how they messed up something so sure to succeed.ALL YOU HAD TO WAS NOT LIE, NOT BE LAZY AND GIVE THE GAMERS WHAT THEY WANTED! WE MADE IT SO EASY FOR YOU!"
76561197984595946,Not Recommended,221100,31248958,Posted: 19 April,all,bobishka,devs just left this game no point hoping for any more out of it. time to jump the ship
,Not Recommended,221100,20819492,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,HeavenOrVegas,Horrible game with terrible optimization
76561198010204323,Not Recommended,221100,20820974,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sentikan,Basicly a failed remake of the Arma 2 mod. All around feels low budget and unfinished.
76561198143501037,Not Recommended,221100,21255447,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Runertje550,"To anyone considering buying this game: WAIT FOR AT LEAST THE BETA, they say it will be released this year, and if you're still considering, these are a couple of scenarios which I have been expierencing for the last 2/3 years.1.>gets attacked by zombie>bleeds>bandages>gets hit again by a other zombie>bleeds again>bandages again>gets hit by other zombie again>bleeds again>bandages againkeep refreshing that list, until your out of bandages and you will kill yourself because of rage and knowing this is going nowhere.2.>Joins PvP server after weeks/months of gearing>gets killed within a minute3.>joins PvP server>kills a player>fresh spawn walkes up and picks up the gun> ""you are dead""4.>joins PvP server>gets hit in the face by a fresh spawn> ""you are unconcious""> ...> ""you are dead""5.>runs away from zombie>walks in a house and closes doors>gets hit by zombie through the wall>zombie walks through the closed door>now read scenario 1 again6.>wants to join server>session lostand now keep repeating that about 10 times, that's what happens allot7.>joins a server>spawning in 59 seconds>spawning in 58 seconds>spawning in 58 seconds>spawning in 58 seconds>spawning in 58 seconds>spawning in 58 seconds>spawning in 58 secondsand after about 2/3 minutes of seeing that ""spawning in 58 seconds"">session lost8.>joins server>spawned in but waiting for visibility>hears gun shot but still black screen> ""you are dead""9.>""you are hungry""> eats a full can of something> ""i am stuffed""> ""i am thirsty""> ""drinks some water""> i feel like vometting10.>""you are hungry""> eats*2 min later>""you are hungry""> eats*2 min later> ""you are hungry""> eatsand yes, keep repeating that list too.11.>Joins pvp server>gets killed by a hacker>quits game12.>joins a full pvp server>have my gun on my back>spawns in, and hears footsteps>trying to put the gun in my hands but it doesnt work>see a whole clan of 6 guys in front of me> yeah, i guess you know what it will be next.I am not saying that DayZ is a pile of trash, but most of the time it is. In fact, DayZ is currently my #1 game, because of the creepy feelings when looting a abonded village at night, walking around in the city in a full server. But too many glitches are controlling this game, until they fixed the performance and fixed most of the glitches, then I can say to you: 'Come on in!' but now, all I can say is, that you just might wanna back off for a while."
,Not Recommended,221100,22461073,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,MajorArtifact,No thanks.
,Not Recommended,221100,23135972,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Zekken,"had this game for 2 years. development on it is next to nothing. they added a couple of items, and (finally) a car or two.still the worst optimised game in history (30fps on low with GTX970 because reasons) still buggy as all heck, still clunky. its just, no."
,Not Recommended,221100,23205873,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Gary Dozer,Devs sucked the hype dry. I'm tired of waiting this engine tech demo to become a game someday.
,Not Recommended,221100,24814502,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,A.N.T.4,Game was crap early 2014 and surprise surprise it's still crap in 2016.What a waste.
76561198060396398,Not Recommended,221100,31215165,Posted: 18 April,all,STINKFIST,This is a run simulator approaching overwhelming negative.
,Not Recommended,221100,24734286,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,PY,"This game is not worth it at all, maybe in 3 years its playable."
,Not Recommended,221100,24856855,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,k.jao,กากสัด อย่าซื้อเลยเสียตังเปล่า
76561197968594813,Not Recommended,221100,25381569,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Big Smitty,"I admit, I took the bait and purchased when first released.  It showed a lot of promise.  I have played it sparingly as it's painful to play, it has been in ""early access"" for YEARS now!!!!  I'm all for a free beta and love Steam for being so openly friendly to PC game development, but there should be a time limit policy for a game to be completed or a refund be issued.  Have a feeling the ""devs"" cashed in early and have been driving their European sports cars more than finishing the game they promised a long time ago....!"
76561197978647586,Not Recommended,221100,23905626,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,kittenxplosion,Cool concept.  Poor (no) execution.
76561198081241175,Not Recommended,221100,24810140,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Achoo,BOOO GET OF THE STAGE
,Not Recommended,221100,25085317,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Votedbeast,Please put food back in the game
,Not Recommended,221100,25437615,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Admiral Mex,"Zero progress since coming out, and really annoyed that I can't get a refund for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ had promise at start but nothing has happened since then 0/10.This company shouldn't be allowed to make games anymore."
,Not Recommended,221100,24407671,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Buttcrinkle,"Buy Arma II/Arma III, get the mod."
,Not Recommended,221100,25257218,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,koutana,"Kinda like the original no mans sky, so much promised to us and just about nothing they said was actually in game."
76561198002799298,Not Recommended,221100,25370116,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,DoMiNaToR_xD,"Still alpha after years, do I have to say more ... REFUND"
,Not Recommended,221100,26116208,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,christophurious,"Started out fun, but updates are far and few in between, and when they are available they rarely fix or add anything substantive. I'd reccomend against purchasing. Sound is good, but the gameplay gets stale quickly. Zombies and structures are glitchy and can cause you to die for no reason. Hours can be put into a character only to have the crappy game glitch and kill you for walking up a set of stairs."
,Not Recommended,221100,29074622,Posted: 6 January,all,GCX 2k17,It will never come out of Alpha but I'm glad that the devs are adding one new animal and new rain effects every year or so. Wasted money. Would pick Arma 2 DayZ mod over this every day of the week.
,Not Recommended,221100,16266279,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,TheawesomeQ,"Spend and hour trying to group up with friends. Finally find friends, and then begin to actually have fun, if you can survive with them. Otherwise, spend another hour trying to find your friends. If you're going to buy this game, make absolutely sure you're going to enjoy it, because for me, it was a huge waste of money, and I wish I'd never bought it."
76561198031760782,Not Recommended,221100,34962260,Posted: 14 September,all,AscendedMind,Over 500 hours. still not a fan. Still too many bugs.
76561198117190172,Not Recommended,221100,23966872,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Kraotik,"I got banned for no reason... i realised after 457 days that i was actually banned... for nothing, they didnt even sent me a massage why i got banned, i am against cheating... i buyed the game for nothing... thx to the developer or whatever... i supported the game and here is my reward... perma ban..."
76561198081217121,Not Recommended,221100,24064912,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,OutForARip,Game is not even close to be being finished even thought it's been in Alpha for years. Interation with in game items and zombie hit boxes are shotty and often times do not register. Terrible UI considering how long this game has been on the market. Would not recommend
76561198066318361,Not Recommended,221100,24064988,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Harambe,"If you have amd processor and graphic cards , dont buy this game never ever NEVER ! optimization is really big problem for AMD users ."
,Not Recommended,221100,25031157,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,"You're telling me that after 3 years that this game is still in EARLY ALPHA? Don't know about you lads, but I think someone is just rolling around in a pile of money...As for the game, the last time I played it was still full of glitches and bugs. Sometimes I could spawn and die. Sometimes I could spawn and not have all my items that I spent hours and hours collecting whilst fighting off screaming dead women and avoiding jerk players with sniper rifles! And sometimes, just sometimes, I could play the game in peace before a zombie would teleport through a wall and kill me."
76561198081631334,Not Recommended,221100,25379104,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,YOUR WET,game sucks d*ck
76561198181394149,Not Recommended,221100,25491033,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,STICKS,Let me refund pls i wasted rm114 for a game that i cant play because my computer cant support
,Not Recommended,221100,25735297,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,FINNA TURN YOU INTO WASWAS,"I want to love this game, I've loved this game for a while as you can see by my playtime, however the devs make little to no effort on bringing out updates. I have been away from the game for about 4-6 months and the only thing they've done since then is update gun sounds. I'd say just wait until the game gets released or hits beta to buy it, but at this rate your grandkids wont even be able to experience the full game. Pass it on though because I truly do beleive aside from the incompetent/a-hole devs they can make this a great game.EDIT AS OF AUGUST 5TH 2017: ITS STILL THE SAME"
76561198126623521,Not Recommended,221100,25735316,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Blackout412,Unplayable.
,Not Recommended,221100,30938010,Posted: 4 April,all,Slippy,"Been in early access alpha for 4 years and still sucks. Buggy as hell, rediculously unoptimised. Over it."
,Not Recommended,221100,19545117,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Hitler Did Nothing Wrong,"Shout out to Dean ""Rocket"" Hall for stealing my money and gapping it, go back to the army and die or climb a mountain and fall off (or kill yourself, just die I don't care how)also, ♥♥♥♥ you♥♥♥♥♥♥I'll rip your♥♥♥♥♥♥off and take my $30 and♥♥♥♥♥♥on your ♥♥♥♥ing chest if I ever see you"
,Not Recommended,221100,21830095,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,AnorexicShark,"this was a great idea, and may be a great game one day. But that day is still years away...don't even bother until its finished..."
76561197972754721,Not Recommended,221100,22183590,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,LPSY Krishna (Music),Never purchasing early access ever again thanks to this game. Three years and counting still in alpha I want a refund.
76561198030905034,Not Recommended,221100,23913041,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,GrandManDan,"Year 2050, rumors of DayZ coming out of early acess. Seriously don't buy this game it's been in early acess for ages and has no sign of coming out anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,221100,26711874,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Spare,Dont buy this game. I bought this game 3 years ago and it is still unfinished as before. I regret buying this game and I am really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that I can't even refund this game.
76561198057399822,Not Recommended,221100,23349079,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Patty,I wish I never bought this...
76561198140470480,Not Recommended,221100,25665046,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Pian Kpop,DayZ has the potential to be a great game. It has great gameplay but too bad the developers are taking too long to work on it.I would only recommend this game if the developers are working faster on completing the game. Yes its an Early Access Game but its taking too long. Almost 3 years and not much to shout about.
76561198091874677,Not Recommended,221100,24064843,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Donut,great game but sadly the amount of bugs and glitches is insane when you go into the world of dayz it is likely you will find alot of glitches and pc might possibly crash
,Not Recommended,221100,24085933,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,video games,This game will never be finished. 2.5 years later and it's still in ALPHA.
,Not Recommended,221100,29099729,Posted: 7 January,all,YznIT✅,Years of alphaYears of bugsYears of promisesYears of liesF*k this game
76561198142310104,Not Recommended,221100,31229439,Posted: 18 April,all,Diamontoro45a,game have tons of bugs and hackersyou dont want to play a mess like thisthey always get the game on special 29.99 to game you think is cheap since all games cost 59.99 and upnope is a big mess full of bugs and cheatersthen game wont be finish for at least 5 more yearsbuy the game because your friends tell you too then you will suffer the consequences and developer will sayty for your money
,Not Recommended,221100,23906132,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,dynamix,"What people like to regard as the game that started the open world zombie-survival genre, DayZ remains the biggest survival game out there, but it's slowly dying. There's many games that I can sit and play for hours without getting bored, and DayZ is one of them, or at least it used to be. Regardless of the ridicolous amounts of exploits, glitches, bugs and generally bad performance aspects of the game, it was really enjoyable.Countless hours of fun were spent in this game. Laughs happened, scares happaned, keyboard smashing happened, but that has all come to an end for me. When a development team reaches such extreme support from fans on a game that after nearly 3? years STILL remains in Early Access alpha with it's bugs and bad performance being fixed through removal of good content - it doesn't have the most promising future. It's ridicolous how a development team can at the same time give you such a great time with a game and also scam the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. Newer games with the same genre are rocketing past DayZ in development. There are many different ones, but not many of them come close to the feeling DayZ gives you. It is a game to recommend just to understand what the first zombie survival game was like. It's not recommended if you'd like to put many hours into it - only if you have the sanity to sit throgh countless bugs, performance issues and minimal content. Roughly 100 million dollars should've been earned through purchasing the standalone version. Where did they go?"
76561198042895190,Not Recommended,221100,24435035,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Napping_King,"I honestly cant stand playing this. The game is pretty, yes and it has plenty of great things. However from what everyone in the reviews are saying. It's unlikly this game will EVER be a finished product. Besides from the updating, the people are all killing each other and not holding eachother up or working togther to gather gear. This game as it is now and as it is likly to be 3 years from now is not worth buying,buggy and covered in Hackers. Better buying Arma 3 and getting a mod. Overall... a complete let down."
76561198043945040,Not Recommended,221100,24839279,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,UltimateNobody,"I was struggling with the decision to recommend this game, or not..on the one side, I've had brilliant moments and memories in this game, really good ones, and then on the other hand when I think back, those moments and memories are over shadowed by frustration and anger.Now I know this game is in early access, but for how long now..? The optimisation is ok, I get 30/40ish frames on my GTX760 GPU with low/medium settings. A lot of things has changed throughout the games development, but my frustrations stay the same. Except for some broken game mechanics, like melee combat for example or things disappearing from my inventory/the ground, and except for the occasional hacker, my biggest gripe with this game is the loneliness...this may be the fact that I have to play on EU servers due to living in South Africa, but still..I feel there is waaaay to many servers, and people are too spread out accross them all.Whenever I play the game, I am alone, I meet someone, even after I show/say I am friendly, they kill me, I spawn, I am alone. The few times I managed to group up with a few peeps, I had a good time but then still, you walk/run around for hours and hours and maaaaybe see one or two other players. When you die, it takes a very very long time to get back to your friends.I actually got my brother to buy this game as well, but meeting up and playing together is such a huge chore that we gave up. Maybe the map is too big, maybe there is not enough slots for players per server, but then again, even if there were more, there is still to many servers so people will still be too spread out.Maybe a map where there are things to do like the side objectives in some of the Arma mods can help this game, and form a central point for players to move to. It just feels like this game is dying, when a new patch/update comes out, people come back for a week or two, and then fades again.Enough rambling - my main point is, I can't recommend this game as there are just not enough players/things to do to keep me coming back for more - I am enjoying Arma and Ark way way more atm.5/10"
76561198124656764,Not Recommended,221100,25779703,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Omega,Don't wear a ghillie suit and don't put your guns on the ground. I've watched holocaust documentaries that were more fun than this currently.
76561198046020377,Not Recommended,221100,30110411,Posted: 22 February,all,The Plague Ace,"3 years, still in alpha, worst money spent on my life"
76561198220603979,Not Recommended,221100,24434908,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,stevenbeats1,"I can not access the game. Keep getting a message about battle eye service, can not find a running instance of steam."
76561197971447174,Not Recommended,221100,25503639,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Nightmare,I love zombie games I dont love games that been in anything alpha for as long as this game has with very little improvements. Its empty its very lacking its boring the animations are very poor old nes games animate better in most ways. Sounds graphics animations etc are below playstation 2 quality. For a paid game even alpha this is depressing. Fix it get help to make it better or give people their money back.
76561198042277207,Not Recommended,221100,26117719,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Psychoskull,"Alright for the people who loves the DayZmod, I will tell you not to buy this game and if you have any self respect. Do not buy this game. It is terrible and there is nothing to do in it.The zombis are not a threat, they are so few of them that it isn\t funny even.The loot spawns are even worse, you can barely find anything at all.You can\t even build anything.The cars are♥♥♥♥♥♥as wellOverall this game is not worth its money and it is not worth your time. Have some selfrespect and do not buy it.Even the main dev left the game. He just ran of with the money. So do not support this game, go for the mod instead.I could have had much more fun playing hello kitty adventure, then this. Hell, uninstaling this game was the most fun I got out of it."
,Not Recommended,221100,29057608,Posted: 6 January,all,Ghost77788,Bad just bad
76561198067694227,Not Recommended,221100,18366204,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Bingo,"This game had so much potential became nothing short of a scam. Steam needs to sort this bs out, what a waste of money and time"
,Not Recommended,221100,16775179,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,0hrs,One of the worst games you can buy at this moment...So much bugs and low FPS.
,Not Recommended,221100,33320930,Posted: 6 July,all,"Donald ""Tender Butthole"" Trump",Just play PUBG.
,Not Recommended,221100,34377651,Posted: 20 August,all,shmordon Mcshmreeman,This is FLIPPING crap! ii can play this on roblox!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,35465229,Posted: 4 October,all,Mantis for sure,"Refunds need to start going out, i wanted to 'activly support development' but it is not active, so i did not purchase (3 years ago) what was advertised"
76561198045015556,Recommended,221100,8931866,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Retarded Australian Poet Man,I threw a bannana at someone and they died 11/10 Would do again
76561197997905209,Recommended,221100,12029308,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,korven_soturi,"If it's not the Bandits, the heroes will kill you when trying to help you out.If it's not the Heroes, the zombies will kill you when trying to find food before others.If it's not the Zombies, the food itself will kill you when you forgot which berries were good for you.If it's not the Berries, the starvation and dehydration of not finding any eatable loot at all, will kill you.If it's not the any of those, the chemical poisoning will kill you because disinfection spray and alcohol tincture start to sound nice when partying all night long on the streets of Novodmitrovsk because you stayed alive for two whole days in a row.And if you're still alive after all that, you silly drunkard will fall to your death from atop of the City Hall of Novodmitrovsk.Welcome to Chernarus+, bambies!"
,Not Recommended,221100,14076628,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,the corn god,"Community Moderation Messages > Message DetailBan notification from a forum moderator	— 3 minutes agoYou have been banned from DayZ DiscussionsYou have been banned from DayZ Discussions by a forum moderator for your post in ""DayZ General Discussions"":munity Moderation Messages > Message DetailBan notification from a forum moderator	— Nov 30 @ 5:29pmYou have been banned from DayZ DiscussionsYou have been banned from DayZ Discussions by a forum moderator for your post in ""DayZ General Discussions"":%text%Ban Reason:post feedback in the proper placePlease review the Discussions Rules and Guidelines.This ban will expire on Dec 7 @ 5:29pm. Until then, you will not be able to post in DayZ Discussions.5 Comments	Subscribe to thread (?)Add a commentUnicornz Nov 30 @ 5:37pmWhile yes i was complaining to the fact that me and others had our comments removed, that does not clear up the fact that i previously gave feedback on my removed comment along with others. Why wasnt i banned when giving feedback then?Pacifist Nov 30 @ 5:34pmBe sure to include that.Pacifist Nov 30 @ 5:34pmYou're complaining about the deletion of attacks on the developers and other nonsense while thinking it's BI doing it.Unicornz Nov 30 @ 5:32pmScreenshotting this and putting it in reddit and/or the Dayz forums. Everyone else is giving their feedback in that comment section and i'm not entitled to my own opinion? Jesus, you guys are terrible devs.(I THEN PROCEEDED TO POST WHAT IS BELOW, IN THE DAYZ DISCUSSIONS AFTER THE BAN WAS LIFTED)When i got my comment removed the first time i said something along the lines of""All you devs do is keep adding garbage upon garbage and not focusing on the real issue here....optimization, latency issues, fixing the damn zombies already ffs, and getting rid of the hackers. BUT no all yall do is add useless updates.""The point here is....ALL of the negative reviews or comments on the status update were removed!! ALL OF THEM. Even the slightest negative thing that wasn't really an insult to the devs just more of criticism was removed! That's completely absurd.I give this post about 24-48 hrs before it gets removed.(I literally got banned moments later, with a ""Bypassiong ban"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t excuse.) ...Wait when was i bypassing?Ban Reason:bypassiong banPlease review the Discussions Rules and Guidelines.This is a permanent ban.5 Comments	 Subscribe to thread  (?)Add a commentUnicornz Just nowOk now this is for sure going on my steam review lolUnicornz Just nowHow was i lying? You clearly saw this happen!Pacifist 2 minutes agoYup, i see it was not a bypass. I fixed it.Unicornz 3 minutes agoI have multiple accounts.Unicornz 3 minutes agoCare to explain?He then fixed it and posted this.Ban notification from a forum moderator	— 10 minutes agoYou have been banned from DayZ DiscussionsYou have been banned from DayZ Discussions by a forum moderator for your post in ""DayZ General Discussions"":munity Moderation Messages > Message DetailBan notification from a forum moderator	— Nov 30 @ 5:29pmYou have been banned from DayZ DiscussionsYou have been banned from DayZ Discussions by a forum moderator for your post in ""DayZ General Discussions"":%text%Ban Reason:post feedback in the proper placePlease review the Discussions Rules and Guidelines.This ban will expire on Dec 7 @ 5:29pm. Until then, you will not be able to post in DayZ Discussions.5 Comments	Subscribe to thread (?)Add a commentUnicornz Nov 30 @ 5:37pmWhile yes i was complaining to the fact that me and others had our comments removed, that does not clear up the fact that i previously gave feedback on my removed comment along with others. Why wasnt i banned when giving feedback then?Pacifist Nov 30 @ 5:34pmBe sure to include that.Pacifist Nov 30 @ 5:34pmYou're complaining about the deletion of attacks on the developers and other nonsense while thinking it's BI doing it.Unicornz Nov 30 @ 5:32pmScreenshotting this and putting it in reddit and/or the Dayz forums. Everyone else is giving their feedback in that comment section and i'm not entitled to my own opinion? Jesus, you guys are terrible devs.When i got my comment removed the first time i said something along the lines of""All you devs do is keep adding garbage upon garbage and not focusing on the real issue here....optimization, latency issues, fixing the damn zombies already ffs, and getting rid of the hackers. BUT no all yall do is add useless updates.""The point here is....ALL of the negative reviews or comments on the status update were removed!! ALL OF THEM. Even the slightest negative thing that wasn't really an insult to the devs just more of criticism was removed! That's completely absurd.I give this post about 24-48 hrs before it gets removed.Ban Reason:trolling, attacking moderators, lying about banPlease review the Discussions Rules and Guidelines.This is a permanent ban.1 Comments	 Subscribe to thread  (?)Add a commentUnicornz 9 minutes ago""lying""? are you serious?Proof ;http://imgur.com/Yu4jbnxhttp://imgur.com/fq4mbf4http://imgur.com/5mHMOqqhttp://imgur.com/OVVYDhy!!!!!!Stay away from this game.!!!!!!"
76561198036708090,Not Recommended,221100,31857953,Posted: 20 May,all,ChipsyMode,Nothing works. Nothing happens. Dev Team is probably chilling somewhere on a beach from my money... Thx for nothing
76561198033563726,Not Recommended,221100,16203272,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,fuckmypussy1111,"10\10mne ponraviloc'(игру не обновляли с момента ее релиза, но почему то в нее кто-то до сих пор играет. По словам Дина Хола игра должна была выйти в бета стадию еще в 2014, но он п*здабол)"
,Not Recommended,221100,13366987,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Brackzillar,"In 2 days after this review was written, it will have been one year since the release of this game. I know this is an early access game, but I have a ton of early access games in my library, and after playing this recently from about a year ago when I uninstalled it I see very little improvement. That might be ok if this game was 5 bucks but its like 30 bucks. Its overpriced, and its not being worked on. Oh and they are planning on porting it to PS4 too while its in the state it is in. Not to mention the price changes the devs do durring the Steam sales. Don't buy this game, and don't support these developers."
,Recommended,221100,10227720,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,KinglessKing7,"Well it says with caps lock ""DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"" so you can go ahead and buy it :). No but really, I think this game is awesome and it's going to be even more awesome as patches come through, even in this Early Alpha stage."
76561197987057935,Not Recommended,221100,11668772,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,DANK SOULZ,'Hiking Simulator 2014'Enjoy spending 4-6 hours drinking old cans of soda as you traverse farms and forrest until you find a gun so that you can experience a quick unexpected death by:-glitching through ladders/stairs-fully equipped guy spawns behind you-glitch through ground-gay bandit club-AIDs
76561198102973664,Not Recommended,221100,14937156,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,bub1q,"Nice idea, bought it as an investment thinking that when I log in a few months later the game will be 10 euros more expensive and worth playing. I am very disappointed because I saw potential in this game.But congratulations to the developers enjoy the money you stole from your customers (I know that they didn´t do anything wrong in terms of law etc., but you still feel cheated when a company promises you a great product and then bails). It´s sad really, this could have been a win-win - great game for customers and a good product and name for the company which if it would keep up the good work could be very succesful and earn 10 times more money but the developers chose the easy way out and stupidly made it a loss-loss."
76561198015278629,Recommended,221100,12506483,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Colossian,i liked that you could kill. i didn't like that you could die.
,Not Recommended,221100,16186129,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Reeyan,Still no improvement after 2 ♥♥♥♥ing years I want my money back
,Recommended,221100,8705652,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,FrithBiscuit,Forced someone to buy my book at gunpoint. They didn't want it.
,Not Recommended,221100,29773299,Posted: 7 February,all,Vertex,You know what's funny? That this game is actually still trying... #3YEARSLATER
,Not Recommended,221100,29907224,Posted: 13 February,all,Panter485®,"This game's progression in developing is like the gameplay itself, slower than a ♥♥♥♥ing snail. You play for 2 hours to gear have fun for 5 minutes rinse repeat. Not to mention all the bugs.It'll never go anywehre. Not even with 300k copies sold. These scumbag devs are rolling in cash drinking champagne."
,Recommended,221100,11928090,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,soso,Pulled out an axe on the stairs and broke both my legs.
76561197996251440,Not Recommended,221100,29730709,Posted: 5 February,all,ToniD,disappointed in purchasing this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,29555276,Posted: 28 January,all,Prophet,Trash Buggy mess not worth your god damn time aye
,Not Recommended,221100,33967788,Posted: 2 August,all,NickT,This game used to be so fun back when it first came out and you could see they were trying to improve the game. Hadn't played it in over a year and come back to it still being in early access and still so many of the same issues from 2014.
,Not Recommended,221100,34274401,Posted: 16 August,all,Guli,"It took me 1 hour to find my friend. He had a pristine full fireman suit and he was healthy. A zombie killed him with a single hit...This game was supposed to run pretty good on medium, but i have frame drops even on very low...Zombies are teleporting like cheaters..."
,Recommended,221100,32674722,Posted: 23 June,all,y0rkie,"Although this game has mostly negative reviews, it mostly focuses on the time it's taken for the devs to get to this point. This point being 0.62 and still in alpha.The game's been in alpha for years. However, this game is still what it's meant to be - a survival game with fun PvP.This game's full of different features which all add to the game as a whole and allow it be what it's meant to be. Although some of these features do not work to their best abilitiy, they are still parts of the game and create a survival atmosphere.DayZ looks great, after this most recent update they've focused on FPS and how the game looks and they've done a great job of doing so, creating great scenery and ambience which contributes to how the game feels which is very important as this game is mainly focused on travelling the map and these small features add to the experience when doing so.Overall this game's very good. Despite the bugs and minor glitches which occur during a normal life the game's still what it's said to be and does relate to the old DayZ mod very well which i came from in the beginning.The only negative is how slow the game's progessing but there's still lots to come which has been released in dev notes."
,Not Recommended,221100,17577680,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,iSl1c3&d1c3,yeah just ♥♥♥♥ing stop buying this game until it is out of alpha. now that the developers made so much ♥♥♥♥ing money they'll never finish the game. could be so much better it is annoying af to play at the moment. wait
,Not Recommended,221100,33757950,Posted: 23 July,all,Web,This ♥♥♥♥ing game sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥and those fat ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at Bohemia should honestly burn alive in a housefire
,Not Recommended,221100,23944232,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Karderu,"It simple offers nothing but PVP and scavenging a few glitched items. I mean, it funs to play it with friends -as most of things on earth are fun to play with some friends- but yeah, this probably worth a 5 box AT BEST.And by the way, if 'realistic' just means that you're one shot killed, yeah it is realistic. Otherwhise, it doesn't have anything really realistic. Come on, the moves of your characters are clunky (closer to a human muppet), the aim doesn't even look and feel realistic, zombies are totally meh.It has good graphics, and now it runs ok."
,Not Recommended,221100,24107138,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,EpicDonutDude,I think half life 3 is getting released before this game is actually finished.Also don't waste your money on this game. Spending €27.99 on bad rats and giving that game to all of your friends is even a better idea.- Donut
76561198077786547,Not Recommended,221100,24416211,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Lewis.X,"I played for 5 days. Cheating players transfer,Handcuffed me,Take my all things and kill me .I just want to say F you!!! If you cannot Prevent cheating,Bohemia Interactive Studio.Give me my outfit!!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,25364254,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dazz Lightgear,"Don't even bother.Played for 2 and a half hours and didn't see one zombie.Played with a friend, shared my sardines, died from starvation.Give it 10 years and it might be worthwhile.WTF even happened to this game? The MOD was more reliable and fun.Just spawn more Heinz you shientlardsEdit: Accidentally deleted DrunkCat's comment (oops :/ ) - he asked that I adjust my review as there are other ways to get food than just collecting beans.The game shouldn't need to rely on farming and harvesting meat/fruit to not die from hunger. I should also state that I found ONE chicken in my 3 and a half hours of playing. I understand animals should not be a common occurence but if they're the best source of not dying from starvation, then the game is still ♥♥♥♥ed."
76561198044173789,Not Recommended,221100,31243823,Posted: 19 April,all,The Creator,"got this game when it first came out it had so much promise when it launch but its been stuck early access for 4 years, don't buy it"
76561198087277682,Not Recommended,221100,17739491,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Crab Man,Heavily UNDERdeveloped and a massive cashgrab.Community is worst of the worst.. just no
,Not Recommended,221100,17231376,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,phanrisal,It will never be finished.
76561198037847266,Not Recommended,221100,25059753,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,TechMantra,"Quite possibly THE WORST game I have ever had the misfortune to waste my money on. Frankly I'd like a refund but alas, I believe it's too late. Either way, I do not believe anyone should buy this. Maybe the mod is better but I rate this standalone 0/10"
76561198097711140,Not Recommended,221100,25362081,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Crona,Years later and still nothing new...
76561198123403145,Not Recommended,221100,33746083,Posted: 23 July,all,Samhd,I want my money back
76561197969336031,Not Recommended,221100,17263538,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,TylerDurden696,I used to play this game religiously but since Dean Hall left this is a flaming train wreck.
,Not Recommended,221100,17692007,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Assman,this game right here is a monument to bad overhyped video games everywhereif u ever sucked rockets♥♥♥♥♥♥u are a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and i dont know why u did itassman out
76561198129318201,Not Recommended,221100,18689539,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Trail_Mixin,will never be finished
,Not Recommended,221100,21290508,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,++,"after some years of owning and occasionally playing dayz (mostly after major patches are released), i have pretty much lost any hopes that this game will ever be anywhere close to finished. For sure i had a lot of fun playing it, but still... bugs introduced > bugs fixed, with every release. Will rate again when finished - for now i cannot recommed this game."
76561198282464929,Not Recommended,221100,24799882,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Adam Dean,I may have only 48 hours on the game but i would reccomend not buying this game. Well the early access game at least. Been in this stage for years and i personally think it will never change not with such an unenthusiastic team of developers. They made millions from this game and they never really committed to the development.
,Not Recommended,221100,25683572,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Elon Bacon,"This game is terrible don't buy it. I got this game back in 69 and it's still in alpha?!?! Like it's not like i paid 40 bucks or anything for a broken game. Fix it boss man...Sincerely The Gamer Grill,"
76561198022409277,Not Recommended,221100,26478969,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,abprasil,This game broke my faith in early access projects.
,Not Recommended,221100,26674536,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bamsebub,It's time to stop.
,Not Recommended,221100,28569273,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,2Kawaii2Daii,Terrible unfinished garbage
76561198063439761,Not Recommended,221100,29310387,Posted: 16 January,all,Mr. Slippyfist,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.The developers are scam-artists.They mislead and scammed thousands into believing that one day there would be a full release, and that it would be a fair investment in giving them our money- but it has been THREE YEARS, and the full release is nowhere close. They LIED to us.These people are the worst kinds imaginable, exploiting people's good nature and trust for monetary gain.There are tens of thousands of fundamental, game-breaking bugs and problems that go unresolved.**** You, DayZ. I WANT A REFUND."
,Not Recommended,221100,30586560,Posted: 18 March,all,(._. ) Dolphino,"Boring. Very, very BORRRING"
76561198049623068,Not Recommended,221100,31349923,Posted: 24 April,all,Stallker3k,don't buy it.
76561197970675427,Not Recommended,221100,31371355,Posted: 26 April,all,Rusty_Trombone,I played DayZ mod and wanted to contribute so you could make a better game.I supported you guys and gave you my moneyYou took my money and have not delivered the game I paid for.I should have just gone to the pub instead.
76561198078645667,Not Recommended,221100,22064687,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Jack,What a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198002644793,Not Recommended,221100,23040508,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Billy Bunter,Development too slow. They no longer develop the game but instead develop just an engine which sucks. Game can be fun but I wouldn't buy it now.
,Not Recommended,221100,22899031,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,MashYeti,"This game seems to be taking forever to finish. It's been in alpha for what seems like 3 years, with very minimal improvement. As they fix old bugs with new patches, new bugs arise and in greater numbers than before. Just watch any twitch stream of this game and you'll see how broken it is. Most people are even having troubles connecting to a server for hours at a time. Then there is D-sync, that's a whole other monster.Honestly, I wouldn't recommend this game in its current state even if it were $10. If you are considering buying this game, do yourself a favor and go spend the money on a flat of beer or food for the next few days instead. At least you will benefit from that.EDIT: From the DayZ store page: ""Release Date: 16 Dec, 2013. WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA."" So still in early access alpha? Obviously they released this game too soon and there are no plans of this game ever being moved from Alpha to Beta anytime soon.Steer clear of this one folks."
,Not Recommended,221100,25681677,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Don'tFeedGaben✅,Still not even close to being done...Did I mention that their is bugs everywhere?
,Not Recommended,221100,26506220,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,☺,"The game is clunky, long-winded and boring. A lot of people seem to like that. I'm not one of them. It's not the reason for the negative review. This is about the ""forever alpha"" status. I've seen non-commercial projects that had a faster development and far superior content. This here is a Sarkesian. ""Gimme money, we'll finish the project whenever (i.e. never)""The game is a huge let down to all those who've played ARMA : 2 Dayz Mod which im sure everyone can agree on..."
,Not Recommended,221100,26201456,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,All of Eastern Ukraine,"Scam of the decade.Barely any support, slow update schedule, undesirable optomisation.game has been out for years and the zombies in Arma 3 - Zombies and Demons still feel more real."
76561198040088625,Not Recommended,221100,31104881,Posted: 12 April,all,G-Ork,"The Beta of this Game was announced for Q4 2015, the Release for 2016. Half of the content of the Roadmap 2015 is not even in the game, the Beta not even within sight. Bugfixes take half a year to get released and updated content is frequently worse than it was before.You can have alot of fun in this game though, but don't expect to buy an ever close to full released game, it will ever be stuck in early access."
,Not Recommended,221100,21047150,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Turn Wolf,"DayZ was great, it created atmosphere and immersion which resulted in amazing narrative that emerged out of interaction with the mechanics and other players.But ""was"" is the keyword here. The standalone version of the excellent DayZ mod had huge potential but through out development the developers completely missed what made DayZ great. I can’t recommend this game, which is really unfortunate because the DayZ experience as offered in the mod days was truly amazing. But it’s not here.The map is at the core of DayZ's problem. With more cities and towns comes more places to find loot. As a direct result players can spread out instead of just going to the cities to find good loot which leads to few if any Player interactions. The idea of going to a city was dangerouse because of how many players could be around. This is gone now.Few to no Zombies further compounds the lack of interactions and makes the whole ordeal of loot and scavenging mute. Which is what seems to be the focus of the current development path. Cloths, different food items, guns and other variouse items are all well and good but when the base isnt solid and there isnt much to use them on then collecting items just feels well...meaningless.What’s left here is a ghost of the former game. It’s unfortunate because DayZ was amazing. But right now I can’t recommend you pick up this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,21116367,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jaegervortex,"What can I say, its a buggy unfinished mess. The hit detection is abysmal the Ai is completely brain dead and  often clips through walls. The devs are liars they are more focused on making money rather than offering a good experience. I wouldn't touch this game with a 10ft barge pole.Stick with the Arma 2 mod3/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,23992429,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Mr. Dingleberry,"I'll write a more indepth review when this game is actually ""finished""...See you in 2021."
,Not Recommended,221100,24986319,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Kellin Morriuchi,This game wouldn't be in my library if I knew you can refund garbage game.
,Not Recommended,221100,22903296,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,.::ℓιqυι∂-мαямσтт:,This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥don't buy it it's a scam
,Not Recommended,221100,22071309,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Erolob,There is absolutely no way this peace of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥has 72% positive review.Why did i buy this?♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,221100,23087429,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,🅶🆄🆁🆄 🅶🆄🆁🆄,Dayz  Early access 2030Dayz  Early access 2040
,Not Recommended,221100,23316018,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,"Sire ""Sarge"" Uri","Let me list why this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥- Terrible performance and it has only got worse along with the♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics and♥♥♥♥♥♥engine its runing on- economy is♥♥♥♥♥♥- Terrible gaming community and just people in general, dont forget the Fourm banning for me telling them they are♥♥♥♥♥♥-♥♥♥♥♥♥devs that are probably dumb♥♥♥♥♥teenagers- Zombies ♥♥♥♥ you through walls... Still- UI is worse than ♥♥♥♥ing... i dont know what to compare it to- Hackers- Useless content, rare and broken♥♥♥♥♥everything- Getting gear takes forever and half the time its♥♥♥♥♥♥- Walking simulator 2013 till forever- Gave us false hopes of a standalone Day Z mod, but better-i fall off a 2 foot ledge and Die, alot- who tf isnt a bandit, i have no reason to team up because ""these hoes aint loyal""- waist of the 40$ i spent on this♥♥♥♥♥♥oh so many years ago. i just finally gave up on giving them the benifit of the doubt"
76561198209678095,Not Recommended,221100,21292849,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,kbrad0553,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME,this game is amazing and has the potential to be great  but the dev have all but giving up on it its been in alpha almost4 years with very little to show for it they have taken the money from those who have paid for it and have moved on the game has actually became worst over time to where theres no reason to play so i would not recommend this game all i can hope is they take the time to finish it out personal pride in making a game because they've have already made money off those who purchased the alpha"
,Not Recommended,221100,23121675,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jake,this game is awful
76561198090537589,Not Recommended,221100,23530788,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Man Myth Legend,"Sh#! commuity ruins entire game. No sense of friendlieness, just kill anyone you see."
,Not Recommended,221100,24461750,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Rook,Please fix this game.....  :csgogun::steamsad:
76561198082853755,Not Recommended,221100,25773149,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Benny_,A perfect example of why nobody should buy games in early access. I bought this game years ago and everything looked promising because there was huge hype around it and the guy who made the game said it would be out in a couple of months. Here we are YEARS later and it has not changed one bit. Do not buy this.
,Not Recommended,221100,26114788,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,infector,game has been in early access for three years and there is no sign of it ever being finished. unoptimized and buggy as hell still. waste of time.
,Not Recommended,221100,20444406,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,UncGhoul Funkenstein,pfft.
,Not Recommended,221100,21451900,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Warfarematt,"Don't buy this game. The developers by the looks of it have completely given up on it. It's buggy as hell, unfinished, poorly optimized and overall it's a terrible game in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,221100,22276861,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,NicN11,"Devs turn up to work, wank,♥♥♥♥♥over their keyboards and go home, hence why this game is absolute aids.Seriously dont buy this."
76561198226704344,Not Recommended,221100,25057126,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Crabman,"This Games is a Joke, don't buy it, there is nothing to do, you walk walk and walk again and that's it.almost nothing to loot, one update per year and with almost nothing more.3 years millions of dollars and still nothing to do, thanks Devs for taking my money.you can try Micreated at least they're doing an effort."
,Not Recommended,221100,26504603,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,King Unique,Not optimized game. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS is LIE! When i decided to buy this game ofcourse i checked the system requirements and my laptop should run easy minimum requirements even should take medium settings.The result so mutch lagging that is unplayable so i thought i will wait a little they will fix this game... Time is going time is running nobodys fixed. As i heard even good personal computers with good specs got laggs. Highly not recommend to waste your money.P.S got no idea how i used 6.9h of gameplay...
76561198018688213,Not Recommended,221100,31369933,Posted: 25 April,all,Harreh,"Terrible game, developers just keep making excuses - no players - most servers are dead. 3.5 years of early access. What a scam"
76561198052399688,Not Recommended,221100,25571129,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Darsh,This game will never be finished. Forever early access.
,Not Recommended,221100,26003299,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Rusty at this,"I bought this game with the idea that the game would be long finished by now. The devs even said a while back that the game would be finished by mid 2016. After having this game for a few years, the game still has a lot of bugs. Some of these bugs have been a part of the game since release. Some of them even game breaking for me.The game also lacks diversity. All the buildings are the same (it gets to the point where you know which buildings have loot and which don't), the items are the same, players (if you can find any) look the same.As well as this, there are no ♥♥♥♥ing control maps. When I first started playing the game I had to Google how to do pretty much anything.The game had so much promise, but like No Man's Sky, the game just hasn't worked out. Maybe someday development of this game will finish and I will change my stance, but until then, it's not a game I can recommend."
,Not Recommended,221100,24899471,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[907G] Arkile,Still a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥alpha
,Not Recommended,221100,24913056,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,AsHas,It will never get finished. It's nothing more than a scam.
,Not Recommended,221100,26650207,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Zraty [BroBear],I can only agree with some of the other reviews here like Repulsive.THIS GAME IS A SCAM. BROKEN PROMISES.It should be called CashgrabZ. Look at the sales this game generated. Its out for about 3 years now andlook at it. It's still a broken pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Minor fixes and useless updates.80% of these updates are more Guns and more Clothing. That's as improving as addingsprinkles of glitter to a pile of crap. At the end of the day it's still a pile of crap.This is the perfect example how Early Access should NOT be done.
76561197996122500,Not Recommended,221100,23523459,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,PainLatch,This game is a scam as far is i'm concerned. Avoid like the plague.  Five better games with the same concept have come out since they started developing an eternity ago.  Still garbage graphics and garbage UI.  I would not be surprised if it's never finished.
76561197970552183,Not Recommended,221100,24099045,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,bête noire,"Played the mod back in 2013.  It was a bit buggy and not very feature rich but fun for what it was.  When they released this on early access I bought it expecting that with some actual funding they'd be able to make something great out of the idea.Unfortunately, not much progress has been made with this game.  Last year when I played it, the game appeared to have regressed from the mod version - zombies were running through walls, crashes were abundant, graphics would glitch out.  It's mid-2016 now and I installed it again to see where it was.  The game is still as buggy and clunky as ever.  Graphics renderer got an update, but at this point that's a bit like putting lipstick on a pig.All in all it was a big waste of money and I don't recommend anyone buy this.  It's been an interesting journey to see how low the bar can go for a developer.  They may as well just drop the bar to the ground, roll over it, and call it a done deal at 1.0.  At least that way I won't bother to check back every year to see that nothing has changed."
,Not Recommended,221100,26078043,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bruce,Infinitely in early acess. No. Unfinished.
76561198045707900,Not Recommended,221100,26647530,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Fwai0h,Pile of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198018190185,Not Recommended,221100,30585717,Posted: 18 March,all,Voodoo,Russians
76561198132585034,Not Recommended,221100,21818147,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Swiggity dude,this game proves bush did 9/11 i have played a total 7 minuets and i am clearly an expert
,Not Recommended,221100,17681939,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Eph,A buggy mess with no signs of improvement. Not worth your money.
,Not Recommended,221100,18862457,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,"""new ***** name""",dayz night with the boys forever cancelled
,Not Recommended,221100,23353832,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,XIIInoktiisXIII,"Buggy as hell, toxic community and a game that's been in Alpha for like a million years.  As a concept the game sounded great when I bought it but now this type of game is a dime a dozen and DayZ has been left in the dust to rot like it's poorly programmed infected."
,Not Recommended,221100,23390749,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ivodias,"I would prefer to play the dayz that we used to have 3 years ago, were you could find loot fairly easy with no struggle and were bugs or glitches were not a problem because you enjoyed the game.Now you have to run around for 2 hours just to find food or any kind of loot, have a low frame rate  and always stare  at your screen that says ""you are unconcsious"" and see how this game takes away all of your time just to keep you into it.I dont think the decisions that the developers have taken lately are the best for the community or the game, I am really dissapointed because I expected that with time this gae would become better but it seems is the contrary."
,Not Recommended,221100,23477522,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,raubana,"♥♥♥♥ this game.I know the developers are still working on this, but God damn it - WHEN I GET STUCK AND IT'S NOT MY FAULT, I'D LIKE TO BE ABLE TO BECOME UNSTUCK.I played for an hour today, and I broke my legs falling roughly 6 feet. This happened at the top of a building, so I had to crawl ALL THE WAY down only to find out I couldn't even crawl out the front door! Then I somehow ended up glitching into the wall of the building and eventually ended up into a room without anyway in or out (one of those rooms that exist purely as decoration). The worst part is I can't even do anything about it... there's no way for me to kill myself, there's nothing I can do to get out, and I can't respawn. The only thing I can do is wait for my character to die, and that would literally take HOURS of idling - time I'd rather be spending playing the actual game!The thing is, just a quick look on Google will tell you how I'm not the only person who runs into problems like this in the game. The one thing people complain about most is that they can't do anything about having broke their legs, and they can't respawn because the developers disabled the ability to do so while your character is still alive.There exists a subreddit specificly for people looking for medical assistance ingame or just for someone to mercy-kill them. Let's be honest - if the developers gave a♥♥♥♥♥♥about fixing the small things that have a HUGE effect on the game, they would have fixed them ages ago. A SUBREDDIT FOR THIS KIND OF PROBLEM SHOULDN'T EVEN EXIST, but it does, so clearly the problem is bad enough to require the subreddit.So good work, Bohemia Interactive. You took money from many fans who expected a better game, but you still haven't put that money and time towards the most important part - the gameplay."
76561198061419219,Not Recommended,221100,22603662,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,. _ .,"I wanted to love this game but it's just too hard to love a stinking piece of trash. This game will never improve which is a damn shame. I started from the initial release and have tried to come back to it multiple times, only to leave limp and dissapointed. A hulking pile of trash that should have been burned and forgotten about years ago. Here are a few descriptive words to help paint a picture of DayZ; Filth, guttervomit, sewerage, ♥♥♥♥♥roachface, trash."
,Not Recommended,221100,22960881,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Time Rider,I've owned this game for 2 years and it has never been good. At this point I really doubt it will ever be finished.
76561198118035649,Not Recommended,221100,23356404,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,molerattex,sorry played for 55 minits joined a game with 50 peaple couldnt find any one and couldnt find any zombies ether not only that i went unconsess so no i wouldnt recemend this game sorry
,Not Recommended,221100,22071892,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,This name is too long for chat,biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,22869132,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Osti  ฅ^•ﻌ•^ฅ,"Come on.... This game can be one of the best game's in the world, but the developers are not good. they can't make Dayz awesome and i don't wanna wait again two year.... ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,23302522,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Fellout 3,Stay away from this pile of feces of a game.
,Not Recommended,221100,23206177,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,crimemovies,"It's so sad to see a game completely fail at it's own core concept. I trust Bohemia, but they dropped the ball on this game while Dean ran away with my money.A good concept weakened by terrible design influences.DayZ wasthegame that started the survival sandbox and survival horror genre craze. It's the reason so many unfinished slates sit in Greenlight, and it's the reason that Bohemia has grown into what it is today. They made a good choice picking up Hall; the game is prolific, I'll give them that. But it's not a fungameGameplayYou fightzombiesplayers in this glorified PvP sandbox of Chernarus, a large open location inspired by numerous countries and locations from Eastern Europe to Russia. Gameplay consists of nothing more than a simple survival framework at best, with very few redeeming qualities. It's fun to manage your inventory and to explore and loot.However, the metagame completely replaces any semblence of gameplay, turning into a deprived battlefield of high-voice cucks gunning down anything that moves. Why, do you ask?Well, first, they're squeekers. If you want to try this game, don't be friendly with them. You have no choice but to kill them on sight. It's that ♥♥♥♥ing bad. I have never met a 13 year old that has the restraint to not betray me as soon as I turn my back.What about private servers?Yeah, they're just as bad, and because the server administration system is so barebones, admins practically have no control over the players even if it's a ♥♥♥♥ing private server. Those ""roleplay"" communities where everyone makes epic stories might seem cool, but the reality is, those are embelished moments, and for each time you encounter them you will also be given hours upon hours of running on a road.Everyone kills eachother. Why? I don't know. If you play hero, you get backstabbed. The biggest issue with this game:The Zombies are non-existent and serve no harm.They are just bags of meat that walk around. That's it. There is nothing scary or intimidating about them. The game should have just been called ""Day"", the constant 24/7 day servers reinforcing that improved title. There is nobody that needs saving, nobody that needs help and nobody that has to kill desperately. If you die, there are no consequences. Just wait 30 seconds to come back in and run to Cherno or Elektro to get killed again by an inexplecibally more well-armed player.GraphicsYou can buy all the crazy ♥♥♥♥ing military-grade Mountain-Dew cooled hardware you want, but other than a NASA supercomputer, it is impossible to run this game at a steady 60. Yep, that's like, 30 or less in towns and 50 maybe in other places.Unoptimized garbage. If they waited a few years and released DayZ alongside the Arma Apex Update, it would have been a much better choice. Standalone is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.My verdict is; just don't buy it, and don't continue to support it. The project is and will never go anywhere, and it's been that way ever since Dean left in a dramatic leddit freakout. Unless you are a 12 year old sociopath who doesn't have any body hair, you won't enjoy this game"
,Not Recommended,221100,12790233,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Milkshake,"Don't by this.By that i mean dont buy this game, untill they fix stupid things that should have been fixed a year ago. Things like Invisble Zombies, Zomblies glitching through walls, doors, ladders and killing you while they are underground etc. It really makes the game unplayable at times, combat could also be improved as it takes many hits to kill a zombie with a weapon.People usually hate this game becuase of the bandits. They are the least of my worries, until you get to aifields where you will be killed without hesitation, sound glitches, as in zombies noises when they are none about, make you paranoid and uneasy.  You would of though something easily fixed as a sound bug, would have been fixed a year or so ago.Content.....Content...There is very little, Cars were confirmed, however I getthe feeling that it will be a VERY long time before they come in, and the amount of running is insane, lack of weapons, the only good weapons are looted at the Airfields, by the time you get there they are gone, some new clothes should of been added, just to keep it looking fresh. Many doors in the game dont open, which is hard to believe as they have had a long time to make this happen and they havent.The goodDayZ is an immersing game it draws you in makes you paranoid, gets you excited be the loot you find, by exploring and by making oyu determined to survive by either killing Zombies, Bandits or searching for food and water. But the excitement that all of that gives you quickly dies. For £20 the game will be worth it when new content is added and fixes are made, however if you are in a choice between this game or another, I would pick the other choice, if you are not stuck picking between games, then this is an okay buy for the money.Overall the amount of time that Bohemia have had to fix the small and important things, is a eorry as they should be done and dusted with. Considering DayZ is still in Alpha for a year now, is fine, however the lack of added content and the lack of some important bug fixes are concerning. The game does get boring pretty fast, that is my own view, and yours may be different, to conclude Bohemia i feel are not taking this seriously enough and because of the time taken to fix issues or rather the lack of fixes has opened the door for H1Z1 to come and take DayZ's Place.5/10I dont recommend..not yet anyway.04/11/14"
76561198093444569,Not Recommended,221100,11672683,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Asterok,"I completely regret buying this and it's not because of any lag or bugs or any ""it's in alpha stage"" crap. It's because the way the overall game mechanics work is completely unrealistic and sometimes downright stupid.-How the ♥♥♥♥ can falling off the third stair of a staircase break your ♥♥♥♥ing leg? From slipping or falling from a step so low, you're a helluva lot more likely to injure your head or mid-upper body. This happened to me twice and it's just utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I can jump out of a tree IRL at least 10 feet high and land fine (The worst that could happen is my ankles hurt if I land slightly wrong but it's not broken). I didn't have 70 lbs of gear on me because ""LOL JUST SPAWNED"" and not to mention you would think survivors would be....I don't know...more ♥♥♥♥ing fit than my couch potato♥♥♥♥♥ I ended up crawling for awhile and was getting nowhere and out of the 40 people on the server, I'm sure 3/4 would have killed me even if they could find me in such a huge map.-And I'd like to just start over since I ♥♥♥♥ed up but oh wait, I can't respawn. Yeah, I went to the menu where the respawn button is and it wouldn't let me click it? What's the ♥♥♥♥ing point of it being there then?-Well ok, let's just go to a different server. Oh......It's the same me....with a broken leg, on the ground in the same place. I can't imagine what this must be like for people who stalk bandits or vice versa. ""OH HE SHOT ME, SWITCH SERVER NANANA BOO BOO! STILL GOT ALL MY STUFF!""-Why do you go hungry so fast and so often? I get a can of spaghetti, which I can't ♥♥♥♥ing open until I get like an axe (which then ""spills"", like a survivor would care about a little spilled on the ground. 5-second rule ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥). Once I open and eat it all, it's not until like 3 minutes later am I hungry again.-Why does all the crap in your pants break if you break your leg? It implies that you somehow landed in a way where all of your pockets were damaged (Even if the items were made of metal)-The lacking of any sort of crafting/improvising system makes the game dull: You don't have to be ""I PUT TWO PLANKS HERE IN THIS 3X3 GRID AND THEN THAT COMES OUT TO BE A STICK!"" stupid but why can't I make some kind of Bubba holster for a canteen? (which from the icon has the holster with the clips that can attach to your pant line but I shouldn't expect anything done right anyways) Grab some ♥♥♥♥ing wire off of the ground (it might not be an ""item"" you can pick up in the game but it's abundant) and tie it to your belt loop and the canteen.Another example would be: I have an axe and a shovel. I don't need the shovel but the wooden pole it's attached to could be useful. Use the axe to cut the head off as close to the metal as possible to get a mid-long wooden pole. Use the axe to shave off the end until it's pointy like a spear and wala: Shortspear. Pole a zombie in the head, go all Roman style and throw it, etc.I'm sure if I had played longer I would have found more stupid things to type but I unfortunately didn't get that far.DayZ: The game where a staircase is a bigger threat than a group of 5 bandits armed with assault rifles."
,Recommended,221100,10170265,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Atlas Noel,"2014/5/26DayZ Early Access ,from this you could konw that the game is far away from perfection.I haven't played Arma II Dayz mod and don't know much about Dayz.Now,I just talk about what i think.Firstly,i really love the atomspehre of this game.The civilization was destroyed,you can see the dilapidated factory and house everywhere.The road also falls into ruin.You can't see the train anymore ,only left the rusty railway with endless forest and grass....The most important things in this game are Running (to go to another area),scavenging and killing (for looting) .The purpose of  running is the same with Euro truck simular.You can enjoy the sennery.Scavenger is fun and is necessary for your life.How can you survive in such a world with zombies everywhere if not have good loot and enough resource?kill and loot. You know killing others is the fastest way to get useful resource and wonderful gear.and killing is fun ,don't you think so?I expect several things the developers can add to this game in the future .1.i want to ride a bike or a motorbike.running is bordering if you have to go to a distant place.2.if the game has some missions or important activities ,it will be really wonderful.3.The zombies have many bugs and is powerful for new ones.They can go through walls and are very fast .But if you are playing with your friends or you have a gun ,then they won't do much threat to you.How will the game be ,if the zombies are as much as in the movie The Walking Dead and the resources become very rear ?i think it will bring more fun at that time .4.adding Endurance system.It's unscientific that the character can keep running hours without relaxation.5.more goods. Scavenging is very important in this game.I need there are more things or it will be easily boring .6.more type of house .7.some players are cheating with powerful tools ,if valve don't think seriouly about it and punish this players  ,it's injustice for normal players.这款游戏目前还相当不完善 而且我也没有研究者游戏背景 只谈点我自己的看法首先我很喜欢这游戏的氛围 末世 整体透着一股苍凉与辽阔的感觉破败的工厂 废弃的房屋与铁路 但更多的是无尽的树海与草地系统目前就是三大块   跑路 拾荒 掠夺跑路 就和欧卡差不多了 不过跟现代文明的景色比起来 我更喜欢它的清冷枯黄拾荒 有很多东西不得不去捡 罐头 装备..要不怎么在这个世界生活下去？掠夺 就是杀死别的玩家  很简单 这样很爽而且比起拾荒来 物资来得更快 不是吗？期待 1.加入载具 自行车 摩托车起码得有吧？2.重大性活动 或剧情性质的任务3.更智能与更多的僵尸 目前僵尸的各种bug就不说了 问题是根本不能给玩家造成威胁  期待更多的僵尸 更稀缺的资源 就像 行尸走肉 中的一样4.加入耐力系统5.更加丰富的道具 拾荒是件很有趣的事6.增加更多的房屋内部样式7.加强对作弊的控制"
,Recommended,221100,32124706,Posted: 2 June,all,Naries Eluchil,"Oh DayZ, where do we begin with this? It has been in alpha testing since December of 2013, since its first ""Release"" they have managed to progress on several matters, however they have also gone backwards nearly as much as they have gone forward. Some features and items have been removed with no explenation (Or a minimum) or for no apparent reason.The games development seems increadibly stunted, leading many to curse the Dev team as one of the worst ever seen. Oh so often have they promised the world and given us some dirt from another planet entirely.Bugs have been prevalent, from invisible zombies and players, to missing textures and items doing disapearing acts. They get fixed every patch, but new ones show up as they are removed.Despite this it is still a game with its moments,  though most of these are granted by the community. If you know where to look you can find a place to fit in, be it a place for roleplaying or murdering all you see.Needless to say, this games development is continuing and looks promising with it finaly moving into beta some time in the near future."
,Recommended,221100,12861233,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Strider,A game where you uninstall because of the psychopaths or play long enough to see yourself become one.10/10 would lose sanity again
,Not Recommended,221100,8530516,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Nyscha,"There is so many games that does the zombie thing better than DayZ like Project Zomboid and State of Decay.Right now Dayz is basically ""Find the Loot simulator 2013"" ""Cross Country Jog Simulation 2013"" ""Stress Simulator 2013"" etc.I wouldn't buy it for another two years its very basic compared to the DayZ Mod which had way more content.There is barely any zombies either and when you do encounter them they will usually be glitched or they will chase you through walls and warp through the ground.The player interaction is incredibly cancerous as well you can just start the game and the first person you find will attempt to kill you for no reason after saying ""f### you fa###t""."
,Not Recommended,221100,14082655,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,CyberPrime,DON'T THROW MONEY AT SOMEONE WHO WON'T FINISH THE GAME.
76561198060062876,Not Recommended,221100,30889111,Posted: 1 April,all,Rygaard,"This game will never leave early access. If you want that PvP itch scratched, go check out PUBG."
,Not Recommended,221100,30603885,Posted: 18 March,all,Rex,"A year ago I bought this, it took me 1-2 hours to get the game properly running on my computer then I played for about 1 hour.Because I spent so long fixing the game steam denied my refund request and then I continued to request every few months with a detailed description on why I wanted my money back, no luck.I Emailed the developers support Email and they said ""There is nothing we can do."" because I had to follow steams refund rules.So with the hassle of all this I dont suggest you buy this game if you dont know exactly what youre getting into.Im not fully aware of the games current state but from the looks of it Im not missing out."
,Not Recommended,221100,29801827,Posted: 9 February,all,pvt.Shon,Endless alpha
76561197978686295,Not Recommended,221100,29641131,Posted: 1 February,all,Gagandeep Singh Patel,Garbage
76561198151665902,Not Recommended,221100,34261501,Posted: 15 August,all,dosido,"What u get in this game:+ruskis killing freshspawns+being addicted to the game like if u snorted crack (not in a good way cus then you die in a stupid and embarrasing way)+10 year olds squeezing the air out of their lungs to communicate+Play for 2 hours on your character to die by dehydration/starvation (i did 5 times,no joke)But then rarely u could meet sane good peeps that wont kill you on sight and scream when they see you while pointing a rifle right at your face if u are lucky enough,sadly i haven't been lucky enough to get that chance."
76561198079664763,Not Recommended,221100,34261573,Posted: 15 August,all,You,the berlin airport will be finished before this game leaves its early alpha
76561198105430566,Not Recommended,221100,29756827,Posted: 6 February,all,Hastur,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.A. It will never be finished lets be ♥♥♥♥ing real here.B. there are so many bugs in it the only completely functional feature is combat and for a game that isnt supposed to be strictly about combat thats a bit of a downer as you get a flood of people who do nothing but get gun kill manC. you may think you won't because you're special (you're ♥♥♥♥in not) that you won't run into any of these bugs or people and you're probably right because most servers still up have a population of exactly ♥♥♥♥in ZEROAHAHAHA And when you try to exit the game it crashes, 10/10 best feature.Go download the Arma 2 dayZ mod you will have a much better time with a far more polished turd rather than the one covered in cat hair and spit.In conclusion FOUR YEARS in early access how promising aye."
,Not Recommended,221100,29915625,Posted: 13 February,all,ジュニア日食🌸,i still want my money back -_-
76561197967028396,Not Recommended,221100,32532709,Posted: 18 June,all,SmaSh it Up,"I bought this game soon after it went on sale in 2013 and it still hasn't had a full release. I've checked on it infrequently and now I've simply given up, utterly exasperated by its startling lack of progress. The development ""cycle"" of this game - if you can call it that - is an insult. I requested a refund for the first time for a product I purchased via Steam, simply out of principle. This was promptly denied on the pretext that I have played it for more than two hours. This is the first and last Early Access game on Steam I purchase, such is the sour taste it has left. In fact, this malignant tumour of a game is the sole reason I will never again consider buying a Steam Early Access title. After nearly half a decade of development, to persist in calling it ""Early Access"" is not only an absurd contradiction of terms but also a sure way to avoid issuing refunds (I've read that upon full release refunds can be granted). Valve and Bohemia Interactive should be ashamed for flogging this mess for so long. In doing so they demonstrate their willingness to adhere to abhorrent business practices and my trust in both parties has been critically eroded. It's totally vile; that scummy 'I've been scammed and can't do anything about it' feeling.I loved the mod. I played it perhaps for hundreds of hours, using a boxed copy of Arma II. I admire Bohemia Interactive for effectively establishing the mil-sim shooter genre with Operation Flashpoint and then raising the bar with the Arma series. Unfortunately, I now have to think long and hard and seriously question their reliability before buying another of their products. The grating, inescapable truth is that DayZ has turned into a shameless shambles of a cash grab, disgustingly harvesting the good faith generated by a promising mod. It should have just stayed as a mod. I normally don't rant about ""releases"" but given the generous funds and more than ample time afforded to develop the title, it is no exaggeration to say DayZ sadly goes down as one of the most abysmal and disappointing failures in modern game development history."
,Not Recommended,221100,33210633,Posted: 3 July,all,[CRN] Molyvdos Lykos,"So, I jsut read about how this game is supposed to be fifty dollars by the time it's fully ""finished.""I bought this game a while and a half ago. I used to like it, and then it slowly dawned on me how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was. This game isn't worth five bucks, let alone fifty when they finally finish it in 5500.Let's go through a few notable things I've noticed and read/heard from everyone else.-Change the price before a sale, so it stays around the same price.-Don't fix their crap, they just add new stuff and leave everything else being buggy.-It's a DayZ game, but there's literally no zombies. Just players.-They ban people from this discuss for ""trolling"" because they have valid opinions.-They block people on social media for having valid opinions on their game.And so many more things that I don't need to say, because you've probably already heard it.If you wish to waste your money on a game that isn't even worth the price of an Indie Game, then buy the game. You'll probably play it for a day and then forget about it forever.I do not recommend this game in any other scenario, and I feel bad for buying it. Because it was a waste of money, and it just shows support to Developers who don't give a damn about their game, and just want to make as much money as possible.But you have the freedom to do what you want. So buy this crappy game, or don't. Your choice."
,Not Recommended,221100,34967110,Posted: 15 September,all,killer50,I want my ♥♥♥♥ing money back !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,17969706,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Slaven,"I loved the Dayz Epoch mod for Arma 2, and this game is shaping up nicely. Myself I like to rent a server and to have a few friends jump in with me to gather resources, build a base etc, but in this standalone as it is the servers are far too expensive. For a master (which you need as far as I know to be able to set up your own server) you're looking at £50 a month which is ridiculous.I have looked at a few different server rental companies that are allowed to rent DayZ stand alone servers out and all around the same cost. Our group aren't going to be forking out that sort of cash for a game that constantly have server resets and rules that are set by the Devs which if you do not abide you can lose your server all toghether.Maybe when the game (if it ever does) gets out of early access I can recommend it but as it is at the moment. Nope."
76561198084592791,Not Recommended,221100,23925954,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Papa Death,"I do not recommend this game. If I could get my money back I most certainly would. The hype for this game was unreal when I first looked into buying it, but it's hardly ever updated or cared for, and hardly anybody plays it anymore. I go out to get supplies to survive and there's hardly anything left that hasn't already been scavenged. Essentially, I run around for 5 minutes flailing my arms like an idiot and then get mauled by 6 zombies which always run .01 miles per hour faster than me no matter what, and then die. Basically, this game would be better if it were called ""flaling my arms around like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator"". Their excuse is ""Oh we're in alpha still so you can't be super critical"" oh ♥♥♥♥ off. It's been in alpha for years. Either get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and update your game or stop developing it and work on something else.Rating: 2/10 (simply because flailing my arms around running from zombies was more fun than the actual gameplay.)"
76561197971460306,Not Recommended,221100,24261221,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Noose,"At this point i can only express my disbelief in the progress of this game as well, since there is most likely nothing to make up for the waste this game has been anymore in a realistic time frame. It isnt even a survival game anymore, zombie threat is neglectable, there isnt anything but finding stuff and waiting 2 hours to find someone to kill, since there is not even a scoreboard yet or any useful functionality.biggest moneywaste i have encountered yet"
,Not Recommended,221100,25495385,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Freelancer,"Zombie Survival without zombies. Lag 10/10. Developers must still be drinking beer with all the money from the EA, because they havent done anything worth mentioning in the last year. No wonder Dean Hall left....0/10 if I could return it I would."
76561198095389224,Not Recommended,221100,25733322,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Moosey,-Game is a peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥-Been out for a long time.-Manyyyyy BUGS!!! like a guy swimming in the ground-IM A ♥♥♥♥ING RETARD FOR PLAYING THIS STUPID PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Its been a few months and this game is still bad
,Not Recommended,221100,34899137,Posted: 12 September,all,Zucc,"Such a bland game, and has been in development for years now with barely any vital updates. Do not waste your money on this game. Do not waste your money on any 'Early Access' game!"
,Not Recommended,221100,34753840,Posted: 5 September,all,JIZAM,"Do not waste your 28 euros in this game.It is like buying a turd for 28 euros, and a turd would be much more valuable than this.The game is so empty right now and it is not worth it at all.The devs could have done more in 4 years of development, the only thing I wanna know is were they wasted all that money that the people gave to them from buying this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198037430557,Not Recommended,221100,31567489,Posted: 5 May,all,boolmaster,Don'tHelp the community out by visiting the link:http://www.thepetitionsite.com/takeaction/316/332/915/
,Not Recommended,221100,17635128,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,GsiorX,"It's a clear example of another Steam Greenlight abuse games. It's been nearly two years from the release of 'alpha' and the game is still utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've made a mistake buying this game and I regret putting money into this. Super buggy, laggy unoptimized ArmA engine which doesn't fit the style of survival genre games.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Ever."
,Not Recommended,221100,23424021,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Employee_427,"The progress of this game have been really slow ( to put it lightly ) and considered how many copies it has sold. It's werid how the games isn't finished after all these years.It is not worth the money at its current state.I advise to stay away from this game until the developers has changed the state of the game.>EditMy game time is low for the reason that the game is very underdevelopet, and I like to play developed games."
,Not Recommended,221100,23506747,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Anorexemon,"I'll preface this by saying that DayZ is amongst my top-played games on Steam (not a whole lot of hours, admittedly).Originally, back in 2014/2015, I loved this game, and recommended it to friends...I come back and play it for a few hours every few months, and this game has consistently gone backwards. This game is nothing like it used to be, and it will never be the same again. This game will never be finished.DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME."
76561198017823031,Not Recommended,221100,21744930,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Mac Megafish,"this game has been in early access for more time than early access exists on steam, that should give you the idea"
,Not Recommended,221100,23422383,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Odin's Favor,"Glorified vaporware, except I was foolish enough to already give them $$."
,Not Recommended,221100,23488294,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,tillmanp50,This is still BS. Dean Hall is a criminal. Not much has changed here. Why can  I not get a refund for this...
76561198171088955,Not Recommended,221100,17635928,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,PAPI SMURFFFFF,i cant even get into the game i click play and the game didnt start
,Not Recommended,221100,18591185,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Aesthetics,"THE ♥♥♥♥♥IEST GAME EVER. IT TOOK ME 3 HOURS TO ""OPTIMIZE"" THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND NOW STEAM WON'T REFUND. IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY. DO NOT BUY IT IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY. THOSE ♥♥♥♥ING DEVELOPPERS LEFT THE GAME WITHOUT ADDING ANYTHING TO IT. WTF? STEAM SHOULD BE ASHAMED FOR PUTTING THIS GARBAGE IN THE STORE. AT LEAST A ♥♥♥♥ING REFUND WOULD BE FINE BUT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, ""OVER 4 HOURS"" ""MORE THAN 2 WEEKS"". WTF. I WANT THE REFUND. I WANT MY MONEY BACK. THIS IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. FOR ANYONE THINKING IT IS A GOOD IDEA TO BUY THIS GAME, YOU ARE WRONG. SOMEONE SHOULD SUE THIESE ♥♥♥♥ERS. THERE GOES 30$ I WILL NEVER SEE AGAIN. I HOPE THE DEVS SUFFOCATE IN THE PILE OF MONEY THAT THEY STOLE FROM US.♥♥♥♥ THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME."
,Not Recommended,221100,22964083,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Dabby,I wanted to give the game a good review but after having it for over and year and it still being in Alpha its garbage. Just save your money and buy Arma 3 and mess around with mods on there. .60 had so much hype and I gave this game one more chance and they still cant manage to fix this game. 2.5 years in alpha is enough time to make a new game and with the rate the updates come out and what they have choosen to update is enough to make me finally give up on this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,18178074,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Potato man,Picked up a book and couldn't drop it so now i'm a librarian10000/10
76561198007666831,Not Recommended,221100,22934414,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Bullet Backstop,"SCAM:   I bought this game 3 years ago and it does play any better than it did then.  It's been in ""early access"" for over 3 years, and if it probably won't ever get finished.It's a money pit."
,Not Recommended,221100,23370768,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,123,"Its more probable to win the lottery, than for the useless devs to finish this game."
76561197978438174,Not Recommended,221100,23309799,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Havoc,IT HAS BEEN 3 ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS!
,Not Recommended,221100,22585564,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,loop,Bad
76561198042231428,Not Recommended,221100,22771171,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,gpgkid7,"Terrible purchase. No community or zombies, just random household objects such as a can opener and a bag of tomato seeds. I bought this game years ago hoping it would get better, and im pretty sure it got worse. Id be more than happy to change my review if this game was fixed."
76561198040266430,Not Recommended,221100,23355113,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,KILLFACE,Absolute waste of money!
76561198070477583,Not Recommended,221100,22061409,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,MACH.NEIT,Please finish this game !!! It's a waste of money for now :/
76561198068997999,Not Recommended,221100,22965330,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,EZPZ PUBG,game is left to die. fps is♥♥♥♥♥♥ game half broken..
,Not Recommended,221100,22981556,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,SterlingStar,"3 years later and still no game, and no fing game in site. Lazy, Lazy devs, one already cashed in his millions and left.""Basically in a nut shell the closest you can possibly get to not being a fradulant scam and instead being "" a slowly developing game"""" This is so true!Started as an alpha and has only gotten worse.Pros:- cannot be a pro, no game to be a pro at......- Someone got richCons:- Devs- Devs- Devs- Laziness- Devs- No game- Hiking- Walkin a lot- No functioning Zombies in a Zombie game....- Zombies are making the game... or atleast they will be by the time it's finished.Summary, no game here move along. Just a scamming cash grab."
76561198060236200,Not Recommended,221100,20230623,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,rickstewart2,"If you would like a game that has been in alpha for 4 years, this is definitely your game! Prepare to never get your money's worth!"
,Not Recommended,221100,22265542,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Delta I La Purge,Dev suck and be a liar to many bug exploit and cheater since two year and the dev keep sleeping and steal your money!!!! And the Trailer video is a fake !!!! ( and they up the game price ) best joke ever.
76561198089119834,Not Recommended,221100,30990835,Posted: 6 April,all,Dags,"The style of the game is amazing, but it was more playable on first release then now, the patch numbers should count down not up.Developers making comments on the lack of distrust from people who have purchased the game is disgusting. Its true we have no faith in you, you give us pages of status reports that i dont remember adding anything rather just removing it.Want our trust? Make an effort."
76561198088485627,Not Recommended,221100,25355379,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Cahir Mawr Dyffryn aep Ceallach,"4ever alpha, 4ever suck"
76561198102476611,Not Recommended,221100,25488607,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Dr. Hausya :),"(This is my first review for a game so forgive me if i am wrong in any way and if you have the time please tell me why you think i am wrong)This game has been in alpha mode for way to long, i feel like the company who created this game tricked us by showing  gameplay that is no longer.  when i first looked at the gameplay video and trailer it showed me that there are zombies cars, etc, but when i got the game i saw no zombies or any vehicle to drive. I feel like they tricked us so  people buy it and when they made enough money they just stopped upgrading the game. I really wish i got Arma 3 and then got the dayz mod for it because it is way better. I hope in the future they will finish making this game but for right now i do not recommend buying it unless you watched a bunch of videos on youtube and you really like the game and you really want to buy it. :D"
,Not Recommended,221100,25050927,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,DarkBahamut,Worst dev roadmap ever. There is absolutely NO difference between the first ever alpha that came out and the current version. A big fat thumbs down from me.
76561198094093301,Not Recommended,221100,25339746,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Farscapeguy,The video is the perfect definition of this game. Highlights include drinking bottled water running from things and wanting to kill yourself for buying the game.
,Not Recommended,221100,28492747,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Caesar,"I love this game. I love the concept and the experiences that you have in this game are just unlike anything else you could have in any other game. But I would not reccomend buying it as of now. The current state of the game greatly dissappoints me, because it is so far behind where it should be. We got 2 small updates in the entire year of 2016, We were promised so much yet here we are and Very little has changed. Over the course of 3 whole years we've gotten a new renderer, 4 cars, and some new clothes and weapons, While other survival games like rust and h1z1 frequently release large updates without game breaking bugs. Where did the $70,000,000 we all gave you go? Clearly not back into the game. Very dissappointed and something needs to change quickly."
,Not Recommended,221100,16430857,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,DoubleTree :D,English:Don't even bother in buying this game. The devs aren't worrying in updating it and it's full of bugs and glitches.♥♥♥♥♥♥ gameplay and ♥♥♥♥ed optimization.---Spanish:No se molesten en comprar este juego. Los desarrolladores no se están preocupando por actualizarlo y está lleno de bugs y glitches. Jugabilidad de ♥♥♥♥♥♥ y optimización arruinada.
76561198179834455,Not Recommended,221100,17968470,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,TheManjo,Simply no for the price..Ive played for about 5hours now and nonstop.. have i seen a single zombie? no.. i have been in fist fights were im pouring blood out of a guy he hits me twice and im out cold.. I tried to ration my food i had few tins of sardines and beans (a wealthy lucky stock) and i was alright at first finding more loot (bags ect...) and once i had a not bad amount of gear baring in mind i still had 2 tins of sardines and 1 tin of beans i started travelling to the next area.. id start running and in about 5 mins i was starving to death so i ate some more sardines and continued another 2 mins later im starving to death so i ate a whole 49% of a tin of sardines and continued again.. 1 min later! my screen is white and black and im almost dead again because of starvation.. so i eat my whole entire tin of beans... u bet ya i went through a continuous loop of this untill i was stranded with no food i didnt even make it to the next area.. i really want my money back this is a disgusting 'survival' game i really have no idea what the hype was about....ALSO steam! 2 hours maximum to play a game to decide wether or not you want to refund it that is a joke i was refused my dayz refund cause i played it 5hours! apparently too much time to decide that i was scammed its not that it might have took me 2 hours to actually download it for all they knew and it may have counted who knows!
,Not Recommended,221100,26647544,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,THCsavage,"Waste of $$, most servers are always locked. meaning cant play without password"
,Not Recommended,221100,31552622,Posted: 4 May,all,Ron Don Valente,"As someone who has sunk over 1000 hours of my life into this game i will say a few things about it. Id like to start this review off on the right foot dayz was great and still has so much potential, however the dev team seriously slacks. i bought this game when it was released like 3 years ago. NOT MUCH HAS CHANGED. still plays ♥♥♥♥♥♥. cars are still ♥♥♥♥♥♥. theyre so full of bugs and frustration its best to just keep running. The real eye opener for me was this new game ""player unknowns battlegrounds"" that just released a few weeks ago, its literally dayz but way better, the gameplay is pretty smooth, the cars are perfect and it actually implents squads and objectives. it forces players to move into one location so theres always action and not just hours of running around and not seeing anyone. and above all its only been out a f ew weeks.......what is bohemia doing?"
76561198063059690,Not Recommended,221100,22257820,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,darkkonz88,the time this game gets out the human race will be ♥♥♥♥ing dead and the game will be dead then the only the devs will update is takeing yar money and thats all
,Not Recommended,221100,23198206,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Weeknd,it will never be a full game... slowest development ever.
,Not Recommended,221100,19583036,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,jurgio,"For a long time, I really hated this game. There were so many things wrong with at the time (especially since 0.55 came out) that I just stopped playing it and told myself it would never be finished and that I wasted my money. Since then, a few things have changed and DayZ Standalone is slowly shaping up to what was promised. Let me just give a quick list:Pros:At it's core, it's very enjoyable and can provide plenty of fun hours, especially if you bring your friends.Cons:Development and the release of updates are really slow.The game in it's current state is NOT optimized at ALL and you will need a NASA super computer to run it at 60 fps. However, to my knowledge they are implementing a new, more up-to-date renderer with DX11/12 support.Has a lot of content that (currently) doesn't function.Lots of glitches, many of which are very serious like being able to glitch through walls or items simply disappearing from the world and even your own inventory.Serverside performance sucks. You will usually get extreme desync.Dayz is a huge mess right now, and it's just taking a lot of time to get itself together. Hold off on this one for now, at least until it's in beta or even released."
76561197998126457,Not Recommended,221100,12599423,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Zaxxil,"This game sucks so much♥♥♥♥♥♥that my horse grew a ♥♥♥♥ing ballsack the size of the glitches in this game and died. My cancer litteraly died from the horrible♥♥♥♥♥♥that is this glitchy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shit of a ""game"". Alpha is not even the right word, it should be ♥♥♥♥ing peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥no one should ever buy. 10/10 would not play again ever."
76561198095640516,Not Recommended,221100,14706654,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Wike Mazowski,"Hate this game. if someone has a better pc than you, you're ♥♥♥♥ed even if you have a gun and they have fists because your computer ends up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ itself and they stomp your hard earned geari would not recommend this game to anyone till it is finished~then toasters may be able to run the game!#likdisifucryevrtim #whydoilife"
,Recommended,221100,8613552,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Blackloch°,"Wast areas with rolling hills, dense forests, ponds, swamps, fields, towns and cities. You are hungry and thirsty, vulnerable to elements and there's zombies looking for your meat - or bandits looking for your backpack. In short, it's deadly out there and you won't survive if you aren't cautious.Your task is to scavenge through abandoned apartments, shops, army bases and prepare yourself to survive in the wilds for unforseeable future. Do it alone or with buddies, just make sure you trust 'em. Death is permanent and you WILL lose everything once it's your turn.So grab a gun, put on your camo suit and head to DayZ - let the paranoia sink in.+ Customizable guns+ Realistic excluding zombies :)+ Huge world (lots of new maps in the makings)+ Hunger, thirst, cold, disease etc.+ Zombies & Bandits+ Already better than the Arma2 mod- Those f***ing zombies & bandits"
,Recommended,221100,8584677,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,xRev,You don't have to wear pants.11/10
,Recommended,221100,8549567,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,`chu,Handcuffed this guy and feed him a rotten banana and watched him die10/10
76561198167767269,Not Recommended,221100,34877730,Posted: 10 September,all,inhale an egg,"Running around for hours, building up your stockpile of loot and then only to get killed by some random sniper in the trees is just absolutely disappointed. Majority of the time I just get completely bored and end up commit suicide in-game because of how literally boring this game becomes when you are fully geared, also there is not any sort of primary objective, just running around getting loot and occasionally shooting people and getting shot at. The amount of bugs in this game is also what makes it disappointing, the desync is ridiculous and has killed me countless times and just becomes this really annoying bug in the game that you can't do anything about.I suggest not to buy this until it leaves early access and until then hopefully the game has evolved into something much more fun and enjoyable."
76561197975705928,Not Recommended,221100,17640102,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,ktanna10,"If you really want to try this game, at least you can get a refund. I couldn't, and it's the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥stain in my library."
76561197984931769,Not Recommended,221100,34896042,Posted: 11 September,all,BIOtoXiouS,"Can you just release the freakin' beta already FFS I'm so sick of this games glitchs and work arounds, at least let us see your new glitchs.Also would it KILL you to run a REAL sale, not this pathetic 10% or 15% off a 5 year old EARLY ACCESS ALPHA?The previous developers AND the new ones can't help but squeeze every CENT out a game they haven't even made stable yet.The REALLY sad part is they made more than $120 000 000 since this ""game"" (ARMA MOD) released.Couldn't you make a complete game with THAT MUCH CAPITAL?How PATHETIC. Lets face it. They ripped us off. The developers of dayz and ark probably sit together on weekends laughing at the reviews we post in anger.Avoid unless on sale at 90% off ...... and maybe avoid anyone that was ever associated with dayz development ...... They showed their true colours ..."
76561197962676066,Not Recommended,221100,31927155,Posted: 23 May,all,Cygnus,Dear developers.  Thanks for being selfish.
,Not Recommended,221100,32969686,Posted: 28 June,all,null,it wont let me rebind H
,Not Recommended,221100,19466831,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Oleas,Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,221100,23532340,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,LightPillar,"Stay away from this scam. Dean Hall ""Rocket"" blasted off and abandoned this game and the remaining people working on this title are hardly doing any work at all. I wish steam refunds had existed when I purchased this as I would have refunded before 2 hrs, instead I had to stick around and make the best of it, which wasn't enough."
,Not Recommended,221100,22792628,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Photography Raptor,Perpetual alpha.
,Not Recommended,221100,23484437,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,InnocentCyanide,3 Years and still no progress !!!
76561198080517380,Not Recommended,221100,34914863,Posted: 13 September,all,Wolf_LTU,"Developement is very slow, seems that the dev team is made of absolutely clueless people."
,Not Recommended,221100,23046450,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Seff,"Hasn't changed in years and still has many problems. They ditched this game, so don't even think about getting it."
76561198027326220,Not Recommended,221100,23447331,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Ampolic,"If you like running for 2 hours and collecting pointless crap to find out that the game is really terrible then go ahead and buy it. But really though, I expected an awesome verison of DayZ Mod and got this boring piece of trash. Buggy as all hell and there are no zombies in the game. You also never see other players. You just dit there and fondle yourself in the woods until you accidentally break your leg from standing still."
76561198076189154,Not Recommended,221100,23534388,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Santo RZO,How many Centurys u need to fix this Game ?
,Not Recommended,221100,23422809,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mr Machine Head,"Total♥♥♥♥♥♥I bought this a few years back since it sounded amazing, I've tried to get into this multiple times but unfortunately it just won't happen.The Zombies look like♥♥♥♥♥♥ they sound alright but when you kill them the animation is terrible.Zombies are the reason of the game so you'd expect them to be decent but they're just truly awful.If you want a game where you can wander about for ages without coming across anyone or anything good, then this is the game for you.Otherwise, if you want a good zombie survival game, look elsewhere. Don't waste your time like I have.Regret buying this."
76561198066936595,Not Recommended,221100,23148280,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Commander Bubbles,"load up the game, find a server that actually works after 30 min of looking, then realize that the game cant be played because poor graphic peformance, get mad and quit, repeat process every couple months.... this game needs work"
76561198161376442,Not Recommended,221100,20392751,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,kayex,ALL YOU ♥♥♥♥EN DO IS DIE ON ♥♥♥♥ING STIARS DO NOT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥EN GAME!
76561198036323928,Not Recommended,221100,21469272,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,cole3050,asthmatic walking simulator....
,Not Recommended,221100,23189338,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Alpha,"I've heard they said they will get out of alpha - 2,5 years have passed - yet they are not even capable of getting rid of bugs that were noticed at 2013..Simpy f**k them - I had hope - had cuz u, devs made it dissapear. Whats in your plans? U took ur money from ppl u lied to - when you finally gonna stop lying? cuz theres almost none progress since start of an alpha - cars, guns(""game will not be based on PVP...""), useless stuff - and most of it is bugged.Im so dissapointed - other devs should blame u cuz after what u have done most of ppl wont buy early access games and will make good games fall under lack of money to make them happen. Well played...10/10 would punch devs in the faceWonder if i gonna get blocked for that like they do with the most of ppl that have gone mad in thier comments - madness that u have created dear devs..."
,Not Recommended,221100,20743394,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Holliday,"Gonna add my favorite qoute from the steam store here""Note: This Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development.""That aside I was /excited/ to play this game but now it's more of an experience than a game. Don't expect grand adventures as seen on youtube, it's hard to run into people unless you actively go out of your way to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with others and even then you are most likely going to be shot by some one more bored than you."
,Not Recommended,221100,23490909,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,NoG.,"They made the survival game rush and they killed it.2 years on SA and still worse than MOD.They sold more than 5 million copies and they never spent those for playerSrs, somebody should hire the lawfirm for the refundBuy EFT from russians but not this crap."
,Not Recommended,221100,26250049,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,KiO,"A realism simulator based on a broken military sim engine, in which they managed to keep what was broken and break what used to work. Get ready for the amazing warping zombies, misleading sound positioning, missing gunshot effects and countless, countless ways in which the GUI will annoy the crap out of you. Coming out soon in 2056 to a recycling bin near you!"
76561198118949625,Not Recommended,221100,23923563,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Centauri ☁,Don't buy it unless you want to waste 2 hours getting geared to ♥♥♥♥ just to die from falling 2 feat off a ledge.Terribly development progress considering it's been out almost 3 years now.
,Not Recommended,221100,23531057,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BopkyTa,this game is just an endless delay
76561198031294970,Not Recommended,221100,24451261,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Nyet,"Played for all of one afternoon, had a little bit of fun, found a decent size backpack and some clothes, logged off for the night, got back on the next morning, was banned globally from BattlEye........10/10!"
,Not Recommended,221100,31072058,Posted: 10 April,all,Huffles,"hello aspiring developers!have you ever wondered why your early access game is being avoided? do you sometimes pace back and forth and wonder ""why isn't my game getting any recognition? it has so much promise and potential!""may i please introduce: dayz! the game that singlehandedly deflated the reputation of early access games to an absolute nil.thats right, this game is the reason why your hard work is being stereotyped as an unfinished piece of trash. you take a super simple formula, prolong development as long as humanly possible with as little progress as possible, and like magic -- people will utterly despise you! your reputation will be that of a greedy swindler that jumps the gun once they receive their paycheck, guaranteed!____________________________hey players!have you ever wondered ""shucks, i never seem to make any friends on my online games anymore. everyone just wants to kill me!""introducing: KOS! the failsafe method to slowly but surely convince players that online social interaction is no longer necessary. nowyou toocan be responsible for the deteriorating value of online communities!gone are the days of socializing and meeting new friends. with one swift click of your index finger, you can end the life of a potential friend! who needs partners? you sure dont! you are a one man army and your adversariesmustknow that! order now and youll receive a free package of ""passive aggressive taunts for disgruntled players"" featuring such classics as:git gudscrubcasualuse one of these and you are SURE to instigate conflict with random online strangers, or you'll get a second oneabsolutely free!"
,Not Recommended,221100,25491080,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kakkamaahinen,"This game is the new thing for early access game and there only has been minor updates, VALVE should give refunds for this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,25827642,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ozelot,"Quite possibly the worst game I ever played!It's quite clear the developers have given up and are lazy because they have already gotten paid for releasing their broken, half-finished abortion of a project."
,Not Recommended,221100,24449368,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Hugh Mungus,"After 3 years of ""development"" and a supposed $75,000,000 in revenue we're still left with a game that hasn't left Early Access Alpha stage. I don't see it ever entering Beta stage let alone official release. It's a shame that I can play it here and there, give it a break for over a year, and come back to the same exact game with a couple minor (and I mean MINOR) updates. I would wager that my 61 hours of gameplay is longer than the amount of time the devs have collectively spent on the game."
76561198040912243,Not Recommended,221100,24551273,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Silverjay928,"Bought this game thinking that it has been out for about 3 years of work and early access devolpment and realized after playing it for a couple minutes, IT IS NOT CLOSE TO FINISHED. I would think a game that has been supposedly worked on for 3 years would be farther than floating buildings rubber-band streching lagged vehicles on servers and really poor optomization. This game realy isnt worth  the $35 dollars they are STILL ASKING the team has really take the money and left. From doing the math and looking at other reveiws im not gonna give you exact numbers but millions MILLIONS of dollars for this game and still after 3 years its  still in .60, thats sad, super sad theres is more free to play games better developed and optimized than this, dont spend mony on this game unless you dont mind wasting money, or you find on sale for less than $20. These developers dont need to take more money baths in your hard earned cash."
76561197969554731,Not Recommended,221100,31524938,Posted: 3 May,all,Smiley ie,Refunds should be offered at this stage and Steam needs to step in here and put a time frame on this EA thing.Dayz robbing people for 3 + years.
76561197997168250,Not Recommended,221100,34879477,Posted: 11 September,all,Magma,Abandoned by the devs years ago.Don't give these thieves a dime.You can thank this game for PUBG though (If you're a fan) since this is the original surival/battleground game that spawned all these craptastic copies.
,Not Recommended,221100,28675411,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,prokda,ez refund ez life
,Not Recommended,221100,29990449,Posted: 17 February,all,Pendzich,"games been in alpha for ever, it plays like absolute garbage im not sure how they can even justify $34.99 price tag it shoud be $4.99. you figure they would atleast have the basic bugs worked out of the game with in the last two years but it still like its in day 1 of alpha. instead of focusing on gamebreaking bugs they focus on lighting and shadows."
,Recommended,221100,12986815,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,gibson,"It has potatos, what else do you want?"
76561197966418087,Not Recommended,221100,13432843,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Η.Ξ.Λ.Τ,This game is the worste CRAP ever made ....!ALPHA-MODE ? for 2 years now ?Unable to do anything in this game.. DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THIS!!!!I WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND ANYONE TO BUY THIS UNDEVELOPED CRAP!BUY ARMA 3 INSTEAD AND GET THE FREE BREAKING POINT MOD SINCE THAT WORKS FLAWLESS BESIDES THIS!I BOUGHT THIS FOR 12.99 OVER A YEAR AGO AND I STILL REGRET IT!SOME ISSUES:LOADS OF GRAPHIC BUGS (LIKE THE DAY IT WAS LAUNCHED..)ITEMS WORK HALF OF THE TIME WHEN IN USEZOMBIES GLITCHES TROUGH WALLS (STILL?)HACKERS (MANY OF THEM)FREEZETIME WHEN SPAWNINGMOVEMENT ISSUES+A LOT MORE............**UPDATE**The game have been updated several times after my review so there are fixes for most of the bugs listed above. The game itself has not really changed since the day it was released. Few items has been added as well as some new game options but the game is still an early access product after a couple of years in development.
76561198032743454,Not Recommended,221100,14461428,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,apjhouston,"These guys will always be known as thieves... It's a shame that this game was bbuilt off something so good, with so many promises...I gave it a good chance and even waited a year, but still nothing significant.My recomendation is look at the many other cheaper and/or better alternatives"
,Not Recommended,221100,22227212,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Esn-,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄Dayz▄░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,221100,12985562,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Twisted Legend,"After playing for about 1 week, having a fully geared character with full military, I was with some buddies. We went into a town, got massacred, I lost everything I had after 1 full week of gameplay. Punched computer monitor, broke it...Bought a new one and continued playing.15/10, would break again."
,Not Recommended,221100,15059122,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,$ angeblich,Battleye nop...NOP
76561198046672590,Recommended,221100,8632625,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,mecha jimbo,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198055289089,Not Recommended,221100,22883521,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,BOBROVSKY!,it's♥♥♥♥♥
76561198119248827,Not Recommended,221100,23464246,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Wickedninjaz,this is a scam
,Not Recommended,221100,23661539,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,lakylog (✿ =‿‿=),"An absolutely atrocious game running on the most atrocious engine known to man.The game has been in Early Access since Jesus wore short pants, and with more developers leaving the team because they realize the game will NEVER be complete due to the sheer garbage that is the engine it runs on, and I don't blame them. Whenever asked about why their engine runs so bad, they say it's ""realism"". What a bunch of clowns.This game started as a hobby, and it should have stayed that way. There is no way a team of incompetent amateur programmers in the disguise of developers can manage to finish even 10% of what has been miserable trial and error programming for the past millennium of this game's development. The fact that this gets any positive reviews blows my mind and it's probably written by people who think the human eye can't see more than 24 fps.If I could, I would refund the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, but♥♥♥♥♥♥policies don't allow refunds for unfinished, abandoned games stuck in Early Access for all eternity, because it's been more than 14 days. This game will take more time than Duke Nukem Forever to finish, and it's already on an engine that will ensure it will be at least 4 times more garbage than DNF.Alright, I just played it for as long as I managed to stay alive for all you kids who keep trying to convince me it's the best game in the world, and I want to bring you some updates:- Negative acceleration seems to be fixed. However, now there's positive acceleration despite it being disabled in the menu and to top it off it seems to appear and disappear at random, making turning your character completely unpredictable.- The first two times I played this game, I died to climbing down a ladder. It's been 4 years, so let's see how it went this time. On the first set of stairs I encountered, probably about 10 steps up, I walked off to the side. To my surprise, I did not get any indication of fall damage. Surely this was an improvement that I'm very happy about. About 10 minutes later, when I literally walked down a set of stairs inside a house, I supposedly broke my legs, putting an end to my session. Pretty sure this doesn't take 4 years to fix for a competent team of developers.- This is a zombie survival game, and after about 45 minutes of running around, I had yet to see a single zombie. H1Z1, while still not being a good game, at least knows what a zombie apocalypse is supposed to look like. This game focuses an unnecessary amount on player versus player interaction and the zombies are seemingly an excuse for creating a large, empty world and not causing people to ask questions where everyone went. But where did the zombies go?- Due to not encountering any zombies I have no comments on the AI. However, as of at the time of Early Access release and 1 year after that, the AI was not functional. Potentially fixed, but following the pattern of other issues, probably isn't.- Reload button serves seemingly no practical purpose as of yet. You are shown the animation of your character reloading the gun, but the gun is never actually reloaded. Pretty sure this also doesn't take 4 years to fix for a competent team of developers.- FOV slider exists! But caps at a stupidly specific number just below 75. What?- Ambient Occlusion setting is there but you can't interact with it. Whatever, it's not the end of the world, but I don't like having this option enabled.- Sensitivity sliders do not have numbers, making it difficult to predict what your sensitivity will be like compared to other games and their sensitivity values based on the type of input they use. Also makes balancing X/Y sensitivity a bit harsher than it needs to be.- I don't know if it's a server setting, but I seemingly had no indication hunger or thirst or any of those default things. Probably just a setting, but in either case it's stupid because I'm perfectly able to tell whether I'm thirsty or hungry in real life, and it takes away from the ""realism"" which this game so terribly tries to simulate.- Despite running a stable ~200 FPS, I was constantly met with an insane amount of random stutters down to 5 FPS for 0.5-1 second every 5-10 seconds, seemingly for no reason. I have a high end rig perfectly capable of running modern games with a stable framerate above 150 and in very demanding cases above 60, and all my settings are lowered for the sake of a stable framerate.- Framerate on the main menu itself is absolutely atrocious. It can't decide whether it wants to be smooth and stable or if it wants to be stuck at 1 FPS for a two digit amount of seconds. I expected it would be like this while browsing for servers, but it persisted way past the server browser and onto other parts of the main menu.- Default control scheme goes against everything logical that has been established over the years of PC gaming and makes me want to cry, but at least it's customizable.- Inventory interaction, specifically with weapons, takes some time to figure out as it's very roughly implemented and not in a logical way default for similar games. This can be figured out from a quick Google search, but the interaction itself is still quite poorly designed. Very likely an engine issue."
76561198067603792,Not Recommended,221100,22903196,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,StreetCornersHD,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Fell down a flight of steps, broke my shoes in half, broke the bandages in my pants pocket. The shock of falling down 5 steps was so FIERCE that it ruined the integrity of bandages, my pants and completely OBLITERATED my shoes. ""Oh but it's in betalpha(for 2 years)."" I really think they should change the food/water system so that it's no possible to starve to death during half an in game day. Along with throwing away the system for ruined/pristine gear. It's not fun or interesting when you get tickled (or more realistically, scratched) by a zombie and your can of spaghetti spills all over yourself in your pockets, then you have to pick it all up in front of your friends and it's really awkward and annoying. After my shoes broke, and I was starving for the 4th time that day, my feet started to hurt SOOOO MUCH from walking on paved roads and being indoors, that I fell over unconscious due to the amount of shock my feet had sustained. I lost so much health from being barefoot for 20 minutes. It's f*cking insane. I bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥years ago and said, ""okay, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥right now, maybe I'll be able to play it if I give it a year."" Nothings changed. Please don't buy this game if you like having fun experiences."
,Not Recommended,221100,26419236,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Gary,3 years in development and you cant fix it just ♥♥♥♥ing end the game give us refunds and everyone will be better offsick of coming back to this♥♥♥♥♥♥and dying from stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥every time ♥♥♥♥ off with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,221100,26207799,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,meowmix,"I love this game BUT, you'll waste hours to die to bugs and glitches maybe you'll get 200 hours of actually doing something the other 1000 is you running and being afk. also I have over 1500 hours, YES i GOT MY TIME OUT OF IT. BUT it's just me forceing myself to play thats it.I do not hate this game, for those who misunderstood my post I love it played nothing like it, but honostly think about it would you reccomend this game FULL well knowing the devs are being slow, wont fix small things we've asked for since day 1.Wont fix my main issue NETWORKING CODE. wonder how that guy you just killed killed you sitting lifeless on the ground? neither of you lagged the game said he was alive even tough he was dead, and it shot you because of it. neither of your screens were correct ect I could go on and on."
,Not Recommended,221100,29329062,Posted: 17 January,all,jordan,just don't bother.
,Not Recommended,221100,19301852,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TwoWheelUnion,"Played, walked around for an hour, starved to death.Played again, walked around, got shot by a player.This game is basically a walking simulator with a few cans of coke and zombies thrown in.  If I could get my $20 back, I would."
,Not Recommended,221100,22859512,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,gusta,"Wow, i just want to cry when i think of this game. i see so much potential about it, i played this since the mod and waited so much time for the standalone, then when it came it sucked but since it was alpha it was all cool, 3 years later it still sucks. It has so many issues i dont want to even name them. So sad to see a game with so much potential fail like this."
,Not Recommended,221100,19897465,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,🆈🅽🅷🆃🍆💦💦,"The moderators/developers are a joke, Especially that fat chick ""pacifist"", Lard whale needs some firm ♥♥♥♥ing so she can chill out."
,Not Recommended,221100,22882269,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,&nbsp;,"NO PLAYER IN NEAREST SERVERS , STILL STUCK IN ALPHA STATE , MUST BE DAYZAND ALSO GIVE MY MONEY BACK"
76561198061344753,Not Recommended,221100,23041584,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,sba.Gregxcore,"3 years, no progress.....Well no worth while progress anyways.Don't buy it, Don't support it.Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?“At the current time the core development of the base DayZ game is projected to run between 2.5 to 3 years. (Putting the departure from Early Access at approximately mid 2016)”hahahahahahahahaha Yeah.......right"
76561198105663336,Not Recommended,221100,23159908,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,ekilla47,"After making the dumb decision to purchase this in early 2014... well now it is 2017. Guess what, this game is the same pile of trash. I loaded it up recently to see what if any changes were made..Absolutely no changes. I can't tell if any work was done to this game, it still is no where near what I was promised upon purchase 3 years ago, where I remember seeing information about how we will release updates monthly and have this project fully complete in 2016...... right.Well maybe the game is finished and is actually fun, oh wait... I live in reality, not la la land."
,Not Recommended,221100,23160345,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Dut420,"I'm done with early access this game killed it for me, never ganna get done?"
,Recommended,221100,12894818,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,TmG,Running simulator 10/10.
,Not Recommended,221100,13440277,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Gregkoloss,"At this point, the game is still in alpha stage.It has been more than 1 release of the public alpha.In this whole time DayZ has not changed in any meaningful way.The controls are clunky as hell, the servers have been plagued by lags, the game is riddled with cheaters and hackers.Knowing Bohemia Interactive, this game will forever stay a broken, buggy mess. Just like all their other games.Don't waste your time and money, move along."
,Not Recommended,221100,13453887,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bmid,"Do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, when you can just play the mod."
76561198091591514,Recommended,221100,9689397,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,MrPerfectAgent,This game is AWSOME!!! way better than the mod version. There are a few bugs ans issues with it but thats because its alpha.
,Not Recommended,221100,29821878,Posted: 10 February,all,Emirkan,"refunding it was the most fun part, ♥♥♥♥ you"
76561198410077840,Not Recommended,221100,34116324,Posted: 8 August,all,gio.sanborn,It's trash tbh
,Not Recommended,221100,29142343,Posted: 9 January,all,#CHEEST3R -FiveM RP need staff!,4 years later and its still the same :/
,Not Recommended,221100,29285299,Posted: 15 January,all,When the sweet tea hits,I been trying to get a refund since 2010.
,Not Recommended,221100,23513997,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ExtremisMalis,Thx Dev for being the laziest person I know.Game hasn't even got to beta for 3 years now...They also bumped the price up to $35 so when there is a 15% sale it will stay at $30.Scum Devs...
,Not Recommended,221100,23942789,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,TheButternugs,"Summary: Game is kinda cool, but is mostly sad and depressing becuase you can clearly see that it can be great but obviously isn't. Not even worth a dollar.If you've already bought it, the only way the game comes close to enjoyable is if you play crossroads server or some dumb rp♥♥♥♥♥♥I bought this game on sale and hoped that the .60 update was enough to make this game shine like the arma 2 mod version. I was so ♥♥♥♥ing wrong. This game is the most unbalanced, broken, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥in the world. I personally haven't been to much of a victim to KOS but there is a loads of stuff other stuff in the game that makes it unplayable (besides the aids community). My first hours were spent gathering loot and, thanks to the help of my friends, learning all the tips and tricks needed to survive. I quickly learned that when you have good loot, every random person is willing to practically kill themselves just to kill you, even if it doesn't benefit them. It's odd, my group offers to assist them (as we don't condone KOS or banditry) yet they still would rather charge half-naked with a stick at a group of armed men, hoping to hit us once than have a chance to develop a friendship and gain some good loot. Eventually, the game became boring, you loot, you kill everyone and everything you see, you eat, you don't interact with anyone, you jump servers to get more good loot... It's sad. Now lets get into the real aids: My first encounter with sickness made me sick irl. Its so broken, I don't care how realistic you want your game to be, I shouldn't have to sit in a pond for 8hrs (real time) with a backpack full of canned spaghetti and anti-biotics, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ my pants while simultaneously googling what out of the 500 different sicknesses I may have while I have only a 5% chance of living...its not worth it, its not fun, and you don't even feel accomplished when you're cured because the medical system is shallow and broken. You feel like you just wasted time. Then after you're cured, you have the luxury of breaking you leg or dying just by walking through a doorway or... well..just by walking. Another waste of time seems to be looting in general, yes, the main aspect of the game is pointless. Why should I keep my AK101 when the someone with a Red 9 can kill me in under 3 shots (even with a vest)? Whats the point of carrying such a massive, scary weapon around when it can all be lost thanks to an ambitious naked man with a pistol? Its dumb as♥♥♥♥♥♥Idkat least I still have my loot"
,Not Recommended,221100,28520383,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pokernik,"Why can i not refund a game that is completely broken and will never in my lifetime be fixed.Works like♥♥♥♥♥♥ plays like♥♥♥♥♥♥ wolves wow cool walk through walls nice i like new addition, uptade almost literally once a year, they work hard on them though thats why wolves walk through walls also game works like trash but thats fine becasue its early access and they are working hard on it, atleast thats what those idiots say on the forums but i don't see any of that hard work in those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ updates of theirs.One of the finest examples of &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥early access cancer that promises alot and delivers nothing nice buy game only 25 euro because we work hard on it lmao"".Give me my ♥♥♥♥ing 25 euro back i have like 5 games that i could buy with that."
76561198043470340,Recommended,221100,32898839,Posted: 27 June,all,nebuchaneZeer,I love this game .... despite its flaws ... have never found another game that can give me the chills and fear of even a friendly encounter.
,Not Recommended,221100,8537572,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Lasheen,"This Game is Awfull, it has been in alpha for 19 months, and the mod has been in alpha for over 2 years. If absolutely zero optimization issues have been fixed over the span of 19 months, then I think it's safe to say that the whole ""it's alpha"" excuse is totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The game will never be fully optimized because of its terrible engine.  most of us who went spending $30 for this game will realize that ""it's alpha"" state of the game is probably same as final retail version. The game developer should have sold his intellectual property to other devs that really know what they are doing.Plus this game is unplayable for me, there is a huge bug If i look straight to the left or right only using the x-axis, my y-axis is moving up or down so basically if i move right it goes in a sine wave can't even aim. Unplayable!!!"
76561198123866699,Recommended,221100,9730487,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,im blonde now,"This game made me think my wife was a zombie so i shot her and the kids the only way i am writing this is beccause i am very rich and they let me play pc in prison,there is this guy in the prison that keeps lickling his lips wehn he looks ar me."
,Recommended,221100,8439519,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shak,Very good game. I shot some people and someone shot me. I ran a lot too. 10/10 IGN
76561198123663188,Not Recommended,221100,14429548,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kemonobito,"No. I do not reccomend this game. It's broken, I have a Quad Core AMD Processor as well as an AMD Vision A6 Video card in my laptop and I get only 5 FPS from it. Well that's what it says when I get a dark screen because it won't start at all, it just sticks with a black screen and a revolving cursor and won't start the game. So because of that I can't make a revisit to see what changes they've made to the game, and also because of that I do not recommend this game, don't waste your 35.00 dollars for this piece of crap. Wait till Feb. 25th for a highly superior game like Homeworld Remastered."
,Not Recommended,221100,16627095,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Tofran,"When starting the game is says that I can't play it because 'battleye does not like my drivers' GGWPUpdate:I can run the game by disabling developer drivers, every time I do that I need to restart my machine. A game should never interfere with these kind of drivers (they are required for my work). This is very inconvenient and therefore I maintain the review in the negative side."
,Not Recommended,221100,15396075,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Bangkok Dangerous,"I was hyped for this game. But I wanted to wait for a sale so I did and got the game for $5 cheaper. The game finishes downloading. I'm hyped. It wasn't what I wanted but I thought ""Hey it's still in alpha I'll give it a break."" Fast forward 2 years still in alpha ""Hey give it a break, it's still in alpha.""1/100 would ""Hey it's still in alpha I'll give it a break."" again"
,Not Recommended,221100,30049679,Posted: 19 February,all,Jofs,Will never be finished
,Not Recommended,221100,24408684,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Playboi Carti,WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME FUNCTIONING./\a excuse of a unfinished game
,Not Recommended,221100,26331731,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Animal Petter,Oh it's still in Alpha?  Ok.
,Not Recommended,221100,13778351,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,doublec,"If you plan on buying it right now, don't waste your time.Pros: Its fun with friends, lots to explore, cool weapons, costomizable charecters (clothes)Cons: FOR EVERY MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING POPULATED GOD DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING SERVER THERE IS ATLEAST 10 MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING HACKERS, AND IF YOU THINK THAT THEY WONT ATTACK YOU, YOU'RE IN FOR SOME BAAAAAD♥♥♥♥♥♥ THESE MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING 12-14 YEAR OLD MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥S THINK THEY'RE SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD USING HACKS, I SPEND 2 HOURS GETTING ALL THE♥♥♥♥♥♥SUCKING GOOD LOOT I CAN FIND AND THESE ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S JUST COME BY AND SUCK IT OFF ME, also the games buggy and unpolished."
,Not Recommended,221100,13782769,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Greg,"The game can be fun but no matter how well geared you are, you are going to be killed time and time again by bandits. It isn't worth the price. Too many people are bandits and it's just not fun"
,Not Recommended,221100,13811944,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DickyB,"After nearly 260 hours of this ""game"" I feel I am qualified and experienced enough to write a credible review.I will start with the positive.DayZ advertises itself as a hardcore zombie survival simulator and in that respect it somewhat succeeds. If you know anything about the game at all you will already know that you spawn at a random location with a torch, a battery, a tshirt and some trousers. Everything else you need to find for yourself. If/when you die you lose everything and start again. There is no map and the HUD is simplistic and functional. You need clothes to stay dry and warm and you need food and drink to fend off starvation and dehydration.Many say that the game is at it's best when you start at the beginning because you have nothing to lose, looting houses for clothes, tins of beans, can openers, tins of cola etc is great fun.I have been playing DayZ more or less since the release of the Stand Alone (I never played the mod so can't make any comparison) and have seen quite a few changes, especially in the graphics which are stunning in places and I am lucky enough to be able to run it @ 1080 with everything turned on full, but even with my rig (i5 2500k, 8GB RAM, 780GTX SOC) the frame rate sometimes drops to 10-15fps in the bigger cities so be warned you do need a farly powerful system to run it effectively. Alpha aside, this game is getting better and has some stunning views but is still very poorly optimised in the graphics department.Once you get looted up (providing you survive that long) personally I feel this is where the problems start. I have had some truly great experiences with this game, but in the 259 hours I have been playing it I can count those experiences on one hand. If you are lucky enough to meet a group of people who are not going to A) Kill you on sight, B) try and rob you or C) Kill you then rob you then there is some great fun to be had.  I have generally approched most people with a view to help them or join their group and 9 times out of 10 it just gets me killed, I lose all my gear then back to square one. I have been lucky enough to meet a few groups where that has not happened and like I said, had some great fun yomping around the map (which is huge) but these experiences are a rarity to say the least. If you have a group of friends or people you can trust to play with then again there is some fun to be had. I really want to recommend this game based on the good experiences I have had but they are so few and far between it is difficult to.Now the negatives (which I feel there are many)This game has been in pretty much the same state for over a year, the graphics have somewhat improved and they have added more loot but essentially it's the same experience. Zombies can run through walls, they have added better route finding and AI (if you want to call it that) but hiding does nothing. Hit detection from zombies and while attacking zombies is a joke, you can be 10 foot away from a zombie and it will still hit you. The game is full of bugs, you can be walking down some stairs and you'll break your leg for no reason, if you don't have a splint that's it. You just have to wait till you starve to death (which takes ages) or crawl at a snails pace till you find some zombies to kill you or a player.For a Zombie survival game the zombies are a joke, they are mildly annoying in the early stages (when you have no decent weapon) but as soon as you get a decent axe or a firearm they no longer pose any threat and to me lies the main problem with DayZ. Once you are fully geared up there is nothing else to do. There is nothing to fear except other players. The only way to survive the bandits is to become a bandit. I truly believe that if the zombies actually posed some sort of threat then people would stop killing each other and work together then the game as a whole would be much more enjoyable. I understand why people kill each other in this game because looting up is hard work, can take many hours and no one wants to lose their Mosin sniper rifle with pristine long range scope to another player when all they want to do was share a tin of beans and get attacked with an axe for their trouble. So it is easier to just kill them from a distance. My point is that if there was a common goal (like defending a town from a horde of zombies) then I feel people would be less inclined to kill each other. As the game is in it's current state though there is not much else to do.Then there are the hackers. Hackers generally are the bane of any online multiplayer game but in DayZ they are rife. It's not uncommon to see people glitching out of walls, flying across the sky, gunfire from invisible players. DayZ uses Battle eye ""anti hack"" sytem which just does not seem to work. The only time I've known it do anything is when a friend of mine innocently picked up a gun he found which happened to have a hacked clip (it showed the gun had 999 rounds chambered), battle eye then kicked him out of game and banned his steam account. The only way he could play DayZ again was to open a new steam account and buy the game againI have come back to DayZ after a couple of months away (due to work, playing other stuff and generally getting bored of the repetition) and I was hoping that all the talk about recent updates and the adding of a single vehicle (a truck) and new loot that I would see a new side to the game. I was wrong. They have added more towns (most of the building are either empty or full of useless items) a couple of new zombie skins (but they still run through walls) and very little else. People are still killing on sight and there are generally no more than 2-3 zombies in one area at any one time.My advice would be to wait to see what this game evolves into in the next 6-12 months. I realise the game is still very early but this excuse is starting to wear thin.With Dean Hall leaving and based on how little the game has progressed in the past 12 months I can't see it becoming much more than it is now and that is a real shame. I hope I'm wrong and I am able to come back to DayZ when it is a more complete experience. In it's current state I can't recommend spending £22 on a game that has changed so little in such a long space of time.Personally I am looking forward to H1Z1 and hoping that will be the true zombie survival experience I am looking for and not just another murder simulator that DayZ currently is."
76561198094322515,Not Recommended,221100,13814037,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Infuryated,"This game has been in Alpha for like 2 years ? maybe less . You are way better off getting Arma 3 and getting the DayZ mod . It is more functional, has better graphics (That trailer is a lie), And IMO is 10x better . If you want a  game that had tons of potential but isn't going anywhere, get this . But otherwise, save your money for something new ."
,Not Recommended,221100,29704777,Posted: 4 February,all,Firebrows,"Pretty alright, not for everyone, a lot of things wrong with it. Might be good in the future"
,Not Recommended,221100,30813461,Posted: 29 March,all,Gungla,somepeople think the earth is flat those are the people that will think that dayz will get out of early acces.mod is better
,Not Recommended,221100,30987577,Posted: 6 April,all,9KGaming,"Game is very buggy and has a very high standed of problems, with bad UIGraphics: 5/10Gameplay: 2/10This game needs alot of work doing to it, after 5 years and we are still in the exact same spot to were we started.i would not recommend this game."
76561198121276811,Not Recommended,221100,30988639,Posted: 6 April,all,Jaxz,"This game is absolutly awful, horrible gameplay slow and jaggerdy, do not buy this game if you like to be ♥♥♥♥ed over, the devs are the most laziest people you will see. been playing this game for 3 years and it is not what it was made out to be."
,Not Recommended,221100,29859481,Posted: 11 February,all,Marou,"Overall: The game was released too early for the public, especially when its pricy.Bugs are overfilled. Looks like develpoers release updates with new things added so we can forget about bugs.You buying this game will make lazy liers richer."
,Not Recommended,221100,29859869,Posted: 11 February,all,Alirexza,"they are not about put more loots or add more zombies or fix lags and still not enough Vehicles , Huge map... if you looking for a game that make you sleep then wake you up by one shot from no where then you feel you lost your everything , yes this is yours ^_^"
76561198062018581,Not Recommended,221100,29596845,Posted: 30 January,all,Mr. Skeletal,Biggest scam ever
,Not Recommended,221100,29733626,Posted: 5 February,all,Smelly Head,"I really do love this game, but its a huge piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I will write a good review when the game gets better, but right now don't buy it."
76561198035303725,Not Recommended,221100,29908445,Posted: 13 February,all,Ivar,"This game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Runs poorly and they seem to be quite lazy on the updates. Moreover, the price is at least 3x too high."
,Not Recommended,221100,32521654,Posted: 17 June,all,SPESSMEHREN,"The game is in an abysmal state for how long it's been out. Gaps between updates are now longer and when a big update does drop there’s not much to show for it. By the time the game is finished, there will be no one but a few die-hard players left in the servers.The focus of the game is getting too far into tedious territory. Systems are becoming overly complicated and take too much time to do basic things, and despite being ""realistic"" are actually quite the opposite. Good example is vehicles with a (very poor) simulation of manual transmissions, and the massive list of vehicle parts required to get one running.Foraging and loot gathering is overly tedious and boring. It can take HOURS to find essentials because of the vast number of useless items in the game. Guns? Forget about it unless you happen to be lucky or are playing in a group.There’s really only two ways to play this game. Spend hours moving from town to town to find essentials and live in the woods with the game’s overly complicated and still broken hunting and foraging mechanics, or rush to the military base, gear up on guns, and shoot people. I believe this game uses complex mechanics to hide a complete lack of meaningful depth, forcing players to spend most of their time completing mundane tasks instead.Zombies are still buggy and broken, but at least they’re in the game… again, after being disabled for over a year… in a zombie survival game. There's no real challenge because the map is so big and players are so rare.Finally, I’m sure no one will read this long-winded critique, because let’s be real, is DayZ even relevant anymore? Who’s actually thinking about purchasing this game in 2017? If you are, I just saved you $35 and quite a bit of time.Tl;dr: current status of the game is a joke, it’s too tedious and dull, there’s a complete lack of depth, it's dying, etc. don’t buy."
,Not Recommended,221100,33472941,Posted: 11 July,all,Bile JAR,"""Tell me a funny joke!""""DayZ"""
,Not Recommended,221100,34217540,Posted: 13 August,all,L0C0,This game has been in early access for 5 years
76561198156790594,Not Recommended,221100,34264943,Posted: 15 August,all,Dexterdog,ITS HORIBLE!!!! Cars don't drive striaght and I don't know why they added a plane that can't go striaght eather.go buy Next Day insted it works better than this.
76561198138562043,Not Recommended,221100,32514396,Posted: 17 June,all,Shabang,"Just tried playing after a long time of not playing,  main screen still isn't working right and didnt feel like configuring it....basically a trash can for money at this point...3.5 years, still alpha...maybe a full release in 35 years when someone feels like reviving it in VR?"
,Not Recommended,221100,34246702,Posted: 14 August,all,Tyrone Rangers,Sold my favorite CS:GO skin for this disapointment of a game turn arround and go look into PUBG
,Not Recommended,221100,32449943,Posted: 15 June,all,DodgerRoger,"The much anticipated Stand Alone version created from the mod is still in Early Access and apparently will still be in EA for many years to come, my best advice is to either play the mod (if there are still servers active) or wait another 2 years before buying this ""game"" and I use that term very loosely.What you can expect:Pros: Great visuals.Cons: Very buggy gameplay, Memory Leaks (crashes), UI Bugs, No Tutorial or any form of ""official"" instructions, Rare Updates, Very Little Loot, Boring Gameplay and no end game goal."
,Not Recommended,221100,33402508,Posted: 9 July,all,Roblor,I played the mod for arma 2 when it came out and loved every minute of it. Got standalone at release and have been jumping in and out everynow and then to see how its coming on and here we are 5 years later and the game is a mess dont waste your money on this crap
76561197980327546,Not Recommended,221100,34249068,Posted: 14 August,all,McBain,How many years before weapons swap and not drop? too many.
,Not Recommended,221100,34273429,Posted: 16 August,all,jordzy,Would like a refund. :/
76561197975090358,Not Recommended,221100,32513666,Posted: 17 June,all,MattMudd,"Single player campaign promised from Devs two years ago... I'd rather go back to playing EPOCH on ARMA II. I hate dishonest companies and dishonest individuals. Have integrity and keep to your word. This game used to be about Zombies, looking for loot, and survival... not you spend 4 hours looking for a rifle you can use before your slow death.... waste.."
,Not Recommended,221100,33528575,Posted: 13 July,all,Kingbearsalots,"2013: Start of the Military Base Grind2014: What happen2015: H1Z1 released2016: ""Wait tho we will fix""2017: PUBG"
76561197982755402,Not Recommended,221100,29837445,Posted: 10 February,all,DickVanWinkle,To purchase DayZ you must be ♥♥♥♥ing CrayZ.Worst ♥♥♥♥ing game of all time. 4 years of lies and more lies. Bohemia is one of my favorite developers why would they support such a waste of human life. I hope this is a reality check to Bohemia. In the future they better ♥♥♥♥ing produce or fail like every other corrupt company. I hope it works out for them. Ill give them one more chance to appease me but thats it. Without the customer bohemia you are nothing. Remember that and ♥♥♥♥ing sleep on it. If you put money before quality and support of the customer you are in for failure and once more there are lost jobs on the horizon. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.
76561198024691552,Not Recommended,221100,30953030,Posted: 4 April,all,PsychoticMammal,No.
76561198260540286,Not Recommended,221100,29639295,Posted: 1 February,all,joethepotatolord,"If you have the money to spend save it.  They keep adding new continent like better/new textures and sounds, but here's the thing, FIX ALL THE STUPID GLICHES._________________________________________________________(everyone in this generation will be old when the game is finnished)"
,Not Recommended,221100,30618175,Posted: 19 March,all,Krippa,♥♥♥♥ this game!!!
76561198085146562,Not Recommended,221100,30662996,Posted: 21 March,all,Alabama Niggar,"Years and years of lies is what this game is, they will always say and not do. I have around 300 hours and out of that 300 hours only 10 hours have probably being fun. The only reason i keep playing it is because i want to give it a chance. It feels like with every update it gets worse so much glitches. I under stand it is Developing But its being so many years and its still feels like a game made a week ago by a cheap company. You can't get away from zombies now you seem to teleport/ get stuck in them. The looting system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ A common 22 round took me 2 hours looking for it in a huge city nothing. I understand it needs to be realstic but when it takes you an hour to get a gun and many more for ammo and clothes it's not enjoyable. The people who are on the team of making this game don't have common sense. They think adding wolves and books that are useless and many other items that are useless are more important than fixing the main issues."
76561198031685598,Not Recommended,221100,30710496,Posted: 24 March,all,Bakunin,"The game shows no visible progress in the last two or three years. The developers offer only a lot of air for the minute and insignificant changes. Looking at the aquired budget the company has for the futher development of the game, it is hard to explain why they did not make more headway in finishing the project. The explanation of working on the engine and other vital parts does not excuse the overall cosmetic progress that is largely in the area of items rather than the core gameplay and game stability issues.Overall I have the impression the staff is getting smaller and smaller. The resent ""push"" (march 2017) for better vehicles for example was officially schedualed for first quarter of 2015. It was one of the initial bullet points.My conclusion is either the managers already gave up the project, because they know they will not retreave the attention of the gaming community for DayZ Standalone. They may have realized that there is no way to make more money of the project and every investment in the development is a financial loss. The second possibility is that they simply lack the staff and the talents to finish the job. I doubt this second possibility, because they have the finances to hire people and software projects can be realized from different places around the globe at the same time. They could employ people from Argentina or India or whatnot. And software developers generally have some command of the English language in general.In may opinion the project appears to have encountered to many problems and the management was probably not willing to spend the needed money early on to try to finish the project in an acceptable time frame. Today the management pretty much gave up to finish the game in an acceptable stable and content rich (base building, vehicles, work shop content, less hacking... etc.) form. They instead employ a rudimentary stuff that nibbles away on a task that is not even half finished and is still fundamentally flawed and most likely will remain so. I feel really sorry for the people employed in the project. It must be a thankless task.And in addition I am angry that they do not talk plainly about the state of affairs. The developers always talk about progress been made, things introduce and the exiting future of the game which is plainly rubish. They do not talk about real issues and maybe the developers are not allowed to, if they want to keep their jobs.DayZ Standalone is a negative example for early excess. Crowd funding and early excess is indeed a great way to fund the games we wanna see. The downside is, that the responsible developer/management may bail out if he/it encounters to many unforseen problems. DayZ sold over 3 million copies if I am not completely mistaken. They should have enough money to hire a stuff that could finish the job.Sorry for the long text...PS: I did not accumulate that many hours in DayZ standalone not because I did not like the concept of the game or the game content for that matter. Rather I always got tremdously frustrated because I died or lost my charactor to the buggy core functions of the game. For example loosing the charactor after a random disconnect to the game server, dying from Zombies that hit me that were actually 20m away (hitbox issue), losing the character after regular restart with no apparent reason, and many other bugs.Funny thing is, we all broke our legs numourous times in the old Arma 2 DayZ. It was buggy as hell too and we never trusted a ladder or a stair for that matter, but Standalone is even worse and these core issues still linger on to this day. Either the developers are unable to fix these problems for fundamental flaws within the game code edifice itself, meaning it is not fixable without creating a new game from scrach, or they are incompetent to fix it and lack the propper skills and talent to do so. Either way the developers do not talk plainly about what is going on. That is way I said ""the developers offer only hot air"" in the beginning.DayZ Standalone is in essense a broken game."
,Not Recommended,221100,30737286,Posted: 25 March,all,Cyclops,My configuration broke on the 2nd day I had this game...I cant do anything It is all stuck as it is
76561198337247651,Not Recommended,221100,30874314,Posted: 1 April,all,ArchieWilson101,its completely different to what you think
76561198069362586,Not Recommended,221100,31170866,Posted: 15 April,all,Psych,"I came back to this game after a couple years and just trying to find food kills all the fun.  I had Berezino all to myself and even found spaghetti a couple times, but still died of starvation.  It also didn't let me skin chickens with my axe.  Oh well."
76561198004149462,Not Recommended,221100,29819164,Posted: 10 February,all,Adlof Von Dickbag,Mod was better
,Not Recommended,221100,29980778,Posted: 17 February,all,Sheogorath,"have over 1200 hours in the mod from ARMA 2, just hoping that i can refund this when it gets released, i got better things to waste my time on.for those who talk about my hours,1. I mostly played offline2. I dont care"
76561198030526674,Not Recommended,221100,30662878,Posted: 21 March,all,NGC 3077,"Right off the bat, if you make a character, there's no garuntee you can play that same character again because they cannot even figure out a working main menu system. Simply put, if you did not play this when it was a mod for ARMA 2, you should NOT try playing it now.  Even given that, they have changed the way loot spawns so you will spend hours finding absolutley nothing only to die (silently) without knowing what killed you.  Try out the ARMA 3 Breaking point mod, it is a much more functional version of dayz. Dayz HAD promise but will NEVER deliver.yes this game is early access but there are many other early access games that are much more polished than this one. This is just not worth your time and frustration."
76561197988391916,Not Recommended,221100,30737492,Posted: 25 March,all,I<3Haesoo,4 years still in alpha? what the ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,221100,31136435,Posted: 14 April,all,AlexSlyce,this game died in early access.
,Not Recommended,221100,30664994,Posted: 22 March,all,Guy Fieri,"If you want a flushing your money down the toilet simulator, this is the game for you."
76561198151404737,Not Recommended,221100,30869491,Posted: 31 March,all,clxgamer1,In Mother Russia you find more empty Guns then Food. It's Stalingrad all over again comrades.
,Not Recommended,221100,30663234,Posted: 21 March,all,YellowTang77,The game has been in early access for 4 years so that alone means you should not get it.
,Not Recommended,221100,30688105,Posted: 23 March,all,mattymcrae,I can't help bud feel that if they had moved quicker on this it wouldn't be as rubbish as it is.I played the mod for hours and still do occasionally. I just can't get into this version at all. In my personal opinion this is no way as good as the Arma mod and it really needed a new map instead of tarting Cherbarus up a bit.  What pains me more is that i paid for this. I am way more careful about early access games now as i realise that some will never be anything more.
76561198046791884,Not Recommended,221100,29814024,Posted: 9 February,all,quepidvalentino,3 YEARS LATER STILL EARLY ACCESS
,Not Recommended,221100,31089019,Posted: 11 April,all,Flaco2D,"I don't even believe anymore :((( Gave my money to make dayz gr8 again, Failed :(("
76561197971816996,Not Recommended,221100,29637418,Posted: 1 February,all,Mcgruder,"Such a shame, About once a year I'll install the game and run around for a bit, just to see that its still broken and that nothing has changed, then it goes back into stasis for another twelve months or so.If this game ever gets into Beta it will be too late. The survival horor fad has wained and there are other games out there that provide better expiriences. Take my advice, save your money, Dont buy this game."
76561198054933661,Not Recommended,221100,30710693,Posted: 24 March,all,El Hefe,Forever unfinished :(
,Not Recommended,221100,30970613,Posted: 5 April,all,Zedominus,"In case you missed the nice bright red ""Mostly Negative"" under User Reviews I'm here to tell youDO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!Been in development for 4 years now and little to no progress has been made since then not to mention it's still buggy as all hell. Just look at all the other reviews if you need more convincing. Just don't."
76561198029086111,Not Recommended,221100,16051239,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Cinder-chan,"I can't recommend this game, it's been in alpha so long, with so little improvements. It's still so buggy, and so empty. Free mods for ARMA 2/3 have better and more content than this.Save your money."
76561197999793441,Not Recommended,221100,18211577,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Zero MMR,"World's Best ""Holding Shift and W simultaneously for hours on end"" simulator."
76561198191938649,Not Recommended,221100,18354153,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,JSEK420,"i liked the idea of the game apart from my laptop lagged like mad when playing even on the lowest graphics settings. I have an amd radeon r7 m260 with a core i5 but i have seen people with the same graphics card as this and able to run it smoothly, whatever it is that caused this, it is a risk buying the game!!!"
76561198100808670,Not Recommended,221100,18376934,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,littlenigga,The money I used to buy this game was an investment into a developers yacht. HAPPY SAILING ♥♥♥♥ERS!!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,17337561,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,lilbigstriker,It's a great game overall but it's not worth 35 USD just to run around and die until you get lucky enough to become powerful and then get shot in the back of the head by some sniper.
76561198151826942,Not Recommended,221100,18131742,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,SKOOMA,"WHAT A GREAT GAME, the first of its kind, this game will be just like dota everyones waiting for DOTA2 to come out but they took to long and everyone switched to league, i really dont understand if the staff is just to small to get this game to beta, but i did have fun playing to game i will not lie, i played it for about a year had a blast, you need a very strong computer to run its graphics beware. alot of my friends switched to the other game made by sony."
,Not Recommended,221100,33311374,Posted: 6 July,all,Dilbob,Can we have refunds like no man sky please?
,Not Recommended,221100,17334574,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Re-Style,"My OpininonThis is how they ♥♥♥♥ed up, on of the best mods ever.Buy better Arma 2 or Arma 3 and grab a surviaval mod like DayZ Origins{A2) , Dayz Epoch(A2) or Arma 3 EpochBut not this♥♥♥♥♥♥ProInventory system with the clothesWeapon customisationConsSerious perfomance problems (got a High End System)Lootsystem you didnt find anything (Why they did change the lootsystem that from the Mod was great)Buggy Zombies (teleporting, hitting a other zombie and you got the damage)They puting resources to create stuff that is uselessBugsHacker with over 9000 bullets in the magsSo dont buy that until its released (when its ever will be finished by this slow progression)"
76561198018191482,Not Recommended,221100,17495865,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,AlbinoDolphin™,Just sad
76561198034008091,Not Recommended,221100,17875523,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Qman,"They should have called it Running for Dayz... They are never going to finish this game, even if they do, it will still be bad. Uninstalled it again after installing to see what changed with the updates."
,Not Recommended,221100,17164795,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Cowish,Maybe its just me that doesnt like this game but in one instance i had been playing for about an hour or two and i glitch through a wall and am stuck in a void and slowly starved to death. I would reccomend spending your money else were.
,Not Recommended,221100,17243284,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,aytrece,this game is a load of crap do not playing instead get cs go
,Not Recommended,221100,17512590,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Lando,it is a crappy game. i recommend h1z1 way over this. do not get. i want my money back. waste of good money
76561198014493529,Not Recommended,221100,17671772,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Hiete,Im really trying to look past this games lack of stability since its in alpha. But there is so much♥♥♥♥♥♥wrong with this Its not even funny.DEVS stop adding content and start working on gameplay.
,Not Recommended,221100,18163283,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,PSYCHO SMILEY,"I really want to like this game, it has everything going for it, and it just drops the ball. The standalone game still has yet to reach the level the mod had achieved in almost every way. And this has to be one of the most poorly optimized games out there. However the thing that makes it most tragic is that an update awhile back removed the respawns for zombies and has yet to be fixed. That's right DayZ has no zombies. The Z part of DayZ is gone.This does however mean that the game has now taken on a Battle Royal style gameplay where it's just humans against each other, but if that's the case, Arma III does a much better job of it.In short, good game with just far too many issues that have brought it down."
,Not Recommended,221100,32300461,Posted: 9 June,all,-/Naka/,"Well, I got this game sometime in 2014, basically hasn't changed at all. I remember reading 2015 roadmap - Bases, aerial transport, some early version of seasons and weather, but what happened in all this time? No basebuilding, we have only 3 types of cars that are close to impossible to ride without glitching, overheating on everydamn server while running naked. Oh, I almost forgot about loot int this game a.k.a. the most important thing - I spent 5 hours running from Berezino to a Military base, in the end got no weapons, barely any food and some trash clothing. Zombie AI is still awful. Hackers are still teleporting around the map with no punishment. Oh and they even added new UI not too long ago, by this day it's still awfully laggy, and devs don't even bat an eye.In the end what can I say - I had fun 2-3 years ago, when the game was evolving at a decent rate and was semi-playable, now it's not worth my time.It's NOT worth 30$, but maybe I could pay 10$ at maximum.As I understand the game is dead, just because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs."
,Not Recommended,221100,18235477,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Rixy,"DayZ Standalone has the right concepts for a Zombie apocolypse, shame they can't impliment them into the game without causing bugs. The game may be worth playing when completed but you'll have to give it time to get to that stage.."
,Not Recommended,221100,18478164,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[FHRITP]Milworkz,"Omg... this game is still in Early Acces... with no updated pictures or vids on the main Steam Page... le sigh, this game ruined Early Access for me... and if you keep buying into Early Access Games, companies like this will continue to exist."
76561197977640060,Not Recommended,221100,18524030,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Fetzi,"♥♥♥♥♥man I waste so much time for such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥.. the trailer tells you wow amazing in real it's just hunting humans farm they food because u can't find any in houses. It's more an walking simulator than a zombie game. U plays on different server try to find some foods, zombies and weapons and u can't find anything just empty houses and gay people,Dear Creater....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\.Thanks for this awesome time ♥♥♥♥ you."
,Not Recommended,221100,18544075,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Der Melonenlord,"This is a Summary (on a second Account, Reason follows):3 Years and still in Alpha, banned once for no Reason at all, had to buy it again, about 80 broken legs and countless deaths by Zombies glitching through a wall. I do not recommend this game any more to people beacause the time the developers need to deliver their promises is just to long.It just feels like everything except the sunsets in this game is broken, AI, Combat, Looting, Movement, just about everything.Go take your Girlfriend out for dinner for this money and watch a real sunset without breaking your leg or getting crushed by a Zombie through a wall :)"
,Not Recommended,221100,18646542,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,TROLLz0r,"Bought this game afew years ago, and still this crap is unplayable, optimization since few years ? NO NEVER HEARD OF IT..... Fixing major or at least some f***ing minor bugs ? NO SIR ! F**K THAT ! i'd rly hope i could get my money back, sry devs, but look at RUST i bought it at the same time as your product and i got two copies of the game to play with different friend just because it's awesome, all the time they doing something new, content, engine, gameplay, etc. and they ask for less money that you do, and i just got one think in my mind, WTF !?!?!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18665447,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mitch Buchannon,IDGAF WHAT IT IS IN THIS GAME IS DESTINE TO FAIL WITH THE PRODUCERS AND DESIGNERS LAZY♥♥♥♥♥WORK I HAVE HAD THIS GAME SINCE IT WAS RELEASED THERE HAS BEEN NO IMPROVEMENT
,Not Recommended,221100,18895195,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,AmunRa,Not bad but simply broken 3/10
,Not Recommended,221100,19281883,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡Bear,"That would be no, sir."
,Not Recommended,221100,21222391,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Jack Schitt,They took our money and are never going to take this hunk of♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Beta.
,Not Recommended,221100,21826819,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,GreenFeen,"Don't waste your time....Seriously, don't. Why are you still here reading this?!"
76561197960477085,Not Recommended,221100,17080436,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,r3fuse,peice of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,17996806,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Contrex,"The idea of this game is great, but there is one mayor problem.The game is released in 12/2013 as an early access game. Two years later its still early access.Everytime you criticize some points of the game its gonna be callen: ""its only an alpha, it is early access""A game with 2 years in the alpha and 2 years of early access, the publisher seems not to want to get the game out of this status. So there is an excuse for all the bugs ingame.Instead of fixing some mayor bugs, the publisher is losing himselfe in details and is always able to say: ""the game is in the alpha, if the game crashes or there are some networkproblems, u have to accept it. But at least you can plant pumpkins "".There is no need to call out all the bugs in this game, just dont buy this game till it is out of early access: So you will never buy it!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18164994,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Donald J. Trump,This game will not be finished.
,Not Recommended,221100,18332384,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,itzaname,Garbage
,Not Recommended,221100,17095664,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,AndrewDigiorno,"THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!I have been an owner of this game for a year, worst purchase yet. Not only is this game expensive, but its broken. Loot is to scarce, causing you to roam the world for 2 hours just to look for a backpack. Without a backpack, you basically can't carry anything. Graphics are nice but the rendering is a little messed up with frequent lag spikes and frame rate dips. Nearly everyone is an enemy, no one likes to group up, and you will most likely be shot on sight. And whats this game about? surviving zombies? Well, there are zombies, but you will rarely encounter one, unless you are in a town. This zombies are OVER POWERED. It's like they are human and they are trying to punch you, and the time it takes to kill them is rediculously long. They are so smart, they walk through walls, fences, and even houses! The main point of the game is the most broken of all. I wish I never invested in this game, as development is extremely slow.Pros:Nice GraphicsCons: Basically everythingGlitchy renderingBroken zombiesBroken loot systemChoppy player animationsHorrendous ControlsTerrible asking price for a broken game"
76561198016584513,Not Recommended,221100,17594794,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,enzo,This game is torture. Within the first 5 mins of playing this game you realise how bugged out it is and how plain and stupid the map setout is. Not even fun when playing with friends and if your desperately looking for a zombie survival game get H1Z1..  It pukes all over dayz.
76561197970403083,Not Recommended,221100,31170731,Posted: 15 April,all,Kammero,Really....4 years of early access. Should be taken off steam since they pretty much stole everyone's money.
76561198121955514,Not Recommended,221100,31325258,Posted: 23 April,all,Cheesy Gordita Crunch Wrap,"I used to love this game, but because the developers just basically stopped working on it from time to time is a HUGE downfall to this game. I'd say get it if you like games like H1Z1. But beware of poor hit registration!"
,Not Recommended,221100,18168875,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Ghostface,Putting the controller on my nuts while it vibrates is the most exciting thing i get out of this game
,Not Recommended,221100,18223994,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Drippin§aucy,dayz the game with no zombies and terrible community. im glad this is still not a full game cause this game is so crap i fell off a bridge 3 feet from the ground and died. we go from zombies how wont stop following you to no zombies at all. dayz more like day. comeback to me when its a full game.
,Not Recommended,221100,33214120,Posted: 3 July,all,Gopher,"DayZ... Where do I begin? To quote my freind Wally, ""We finally found out what it would be like if Helen Keller had made a video game."" Never has a truer utterance been spat.Would reccomend if you enjoy suffering.TLDR: I rate 3/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,16348144,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Humza Elite Weeb #2,♥♥♥♥
76561198140190057,Not Recommended,221100,17091975,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Garner,I bought this on july 15th and I got to play it for 1 hour then it messed up and I keep on getting 2 messages that say. The application was unable to start correctly (Oxc015002). Click OK to close the application. And. Unable to find running instance of steam. I would not recommed this cause of this
,Not Recommended,221100,17199154,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Yahushua,1. Shoot someone in the head 5 times = they dont die.2. Shoot once = unloads clip at target .3. Run = blink mage style 50 yards ahead or reverse.4. Find a gun = can't pick it up.5. Find food or water = can't pick it up.6. Find any item in Dayz= can't pick it up.7. High end pc = FPS is♥♥♥♥♥♥8-9999 (Fill in the blank).Done with this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,18030765,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Joe Dirt,"This game is so broken and frustrating in its current state. I don't understand why the developers can't fix the horrible loot issues that the players have been experiencing since day 1. Have fun wondering around for 2+ hours just to find some damaged pants, then spend another 10 minutes just trying to pick up/equip the pants..... Like seriously, this game is a rage/disappointment simulator. Until there is a MASSIVLY HUGE update that completely fixes the game, I sadly cannot recommend this game. There is so much potential for DayZ be the best survival game there is, but for some reason it seems like DayZ will forever remain broken… Even after 2+ years in development…………(Update 5/14/16) – Experimental Patch .60So some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a shotgun killed both my buddies so I wanted to die to so I can respawn. I ran up to him and took all my gear off so he wouldn't ruin all my useless gear. He started telling me how he didn't want to kill my friends or some BS then I was all yeah it’s okay man can you kill me? And he said no. I was like please can you kill me, you killed my friends and I want to respawn. He said no. I was like really dude you won’t help me out? He said no. He started to run into the forest and I chased him begging him to kill me. He said no. I eventually started to hit him to provoke him to kill me. He said fine so he turns around, shoots me in the legs, and then bandages me so I wouldn’t die from bleeding. So here I am stranded in the ♥♥♥♥ing forest with broken legs and no way to respawn............................ This has to be the dumbest ♥♥♥♥ing game mechanic I have ever witnessed. The only way for me to kill myself is to wait 30 minutes to die of starvation. I would love to smack whatever idiot decided that people with broken legs and no way to commit suicide have to just wait...... I really hope this mechanic changes, I doubt it will because this is GarbageZ......  And for the kid that BM’d me like that, screw you kid, your life must really suck to be that big of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561197981682792,Not Recommended,221100,18360130,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,▐̶͠͞█̶̷́▓̶҉͝█̶̶͘͜͡▌̸̡̕͜͞,"If you want to play this game, don't buy it.If you want to not play this game, still don't buy it.But if you're really dead set on not ever playing this game, maybe pick it up."
76561198057018954,Not Recommended,221100,32261328,Posted: 7 June,all,Cindecent,"Updates are irregular, far from eachother and add little progress to the games development. If you like the game as it is now then go ahead and buy it, but if you are looking forward to regular updates dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,221100,18165270,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Sonofscipio,"Dayz has been in development for so long and yet it is not even in beta stage. I am somewhat dissapointed, I love the game but it should be almost done by now. For now I will give it a no but I reccommend it once it reaches beta stage."
76561198001238710,Not Recommended,221100,18309651,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Shishkarob,"Ok, so i bought this 3 years ago and its still not done, this is a top selling game and there is no excuse for this game to be where its at, its actually worse off then when it first started! This is exremely disapointing to see that many games such as H1Z1, forest and rust have completely surpassed this game, developing like 300 times fast than DayZ, its almost like there is a team of 5 people lazily working there way to comeplete this game, its almost like they have already made all the money they need from the customers who were willing to support development and instead of using that as motivation to complete and fund the game faster they all gave eachother high fives and stole their customers money. This was a huge win for them because now they dont even have to work on the product they promised and instead just take vacations with our hard earned money."
76561198091822212,Not Recommended,221100,17066698,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,..........,"Waste of money, wish I could refund this game...... Now I cant because I was fixing the settings."
76561198147602335,Not Recommended,221100,20232046,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Give Me A Jerky,This game can be fun but there are toooo many downsides to the game. So I dont think you should buy this gameDownsides1.Bad Fps2.Tooooo many bugs for a game that has been out for 2 years3.Tooooo many hackers4.Zombies do nothing (glitch out)5.Server hoping sucks but u need to do it for good gearUpsides1.very rewarding to get a kill2.Decent level design3.If you get good gear u look badass4.The game looks good if u can run5.Big map (not always good)Have a big map is good but if you are on a low pop it can take forever to find someone.
76561197966406673,Not Recommended,221100,21327966,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Idiotsyncratic,A barely playable little brother of the original Mod. A half hearted effort at living up to their promises even years after Alpha release.
,Not Recommended,221100,21364503,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,rayanspawn1 ♥ ღ,"I don't know what to say about DayZ, but as far as I can tell, I didn't find lots of action there :/I would not recommend this game until it's fully released, then maybe things will be better.BTW, you will spend lots of time running away with no humans no zombies, but on your own."
76561198090215718,Not Recommended,221100,21665843,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Noisemaker,This game sucks! It crashes all the time and I can´t return it because it got stuck and steam said I played it. Now I have played the game for 40 hours and I don´t know a thing about this game. I can´t even update my steam because the game won´t stop
76561198003436271,Not Recommended,221100,17225350,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Artboi,"100 hours and all i got to do in this game is run from other players, and hunt other players.Do not buy this game. I wasted 20$ and they keep increasing the price for this game, which is not nearly finished.The game is about zombie survival, but there are barely any zombies in the damn game, which then takes away the incentive of creating alliances with other players to try and survive.At this stage, I feel like this game has been a great scam to get money in to support their perpetual early access.I repeat, and I'm doing you a favor in telling you to stay away from this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,17360535,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Стрелок,Bad gayme.
76561198007914439,Not Recommended,221100,17407617,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,kezdog92,Meh
76561198102831778,Not Recommended,221100,17473186,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,BERKCANGÜVEN,yarram gibi neden aldım amk
,Not Recommended,221100,31306991,Posted: 22 April,all,381tormoz,"This is parody for DayZ mod, 4 years of development and still nothing,No Man's Sky 2014 editon. My score for the game is 14 refunds of 88 possible. Sad ending for a such a good  concept.(("
,Not Recommended,221100,31320158,Posted: 23 April,all,Desert Fox,"Don't buy this game.I bought DayZ when it first came out, I played quit a lot and had fun.But this game has now been an alpha game for 4 years and it is still  not really playable.Some concepts are excellent (food, ""advanced stamina system"", weather,  mental and physical health), I would love to see them in other survival games.You get really attached to your character, put dozens hours gathering your stuff, keeping yourself healthy and sometimes even seeking medical help from other players (well sometimes♥♥♥♥♥♥goes south), only to see yourselfdyingbecause of a buggy zombie (like invisibles ones) or another player exploiting a glitch (hiding inside walls and baiting you with some really good loot), or even worse, sometimes your character gets erased after an update...I had my fun with this game, however, I wouldn't recomment it to someone because it still isn't playable.P.S. Can you imagine being a porgrammer working on this game ? I feel like even they have lost faith in this game :("
76561197977314227,Not Recommended,221100,18535391,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,GRAPE,Everybody has already said everything that has been said about this pile of garbage so I will keep this short. My friend bought this game on my account because he doesn't have a PC and he wanted to play this game. I warned him of what it was and sure enough it's exactly what I expected as every other negative review has detailed out. I feel so bad that I indirectly contributed to giving these guys money. Many early access games are total scams but this game is the biggest and most successful scam of them all.
76561198045782774,Not Recommended,221100,18538621,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Lord Tokugawa,"If you love starving and dehydration simulators then this is the game for you! The loot drop is terrible. All you do is run through buildings finding nothing or useless crap. If you are going to add a hunger and thirst system add food. If not then make us be able to eat shirts, pants and shoes!!! They say they updated it and fixed so much stuff and i keep trying it but... WTF IS this!?!?"
76561198117963705,Not Recommended,221100,18626002,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,The Soup Crusader,Okay DayZ has the potential to be a good game but the problem with that it was made by dean who would rather spend the money he makes on the early alpha on lines of coke then fixing one bug. When they do fix one bug i'll be dead more or likely. I mean they still havent fixed the floor chowing down on your ankles I mean the floors are the real enemies. Then you have the community which is not the best community. But now a days you dont have to worry about the community cause all of the servers are dead. Its super easy to find guns so you can just shoot someone cause youll find a twenty two and that will just break every bone in some ones body if you shoot them in the toe. Also you know how they fix this make it cost 10 more dollars for dean to do more coke. The servers are also populated with hackers they can just teleport to you anywhere. Also i cannot wait for great great great grand children to play the game when it comes out of alpha but by then the xbox 420 will be out and i will be deaded.
76561198090525254,Not Recommended,221100,18649809,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,kugelblitz527,"After playing this game for a couple years, I can say that I've gotten my money's worth out of it. I've enjoyed running around with my friends, trying to survive, and interacting with the unique community the game has created. Honestly, the interactions with weirdos online is probably the best part of the game.However, I can't recommend it to anyone for a few reasons:- still tons of glitches and bugs.- very little improvement over the past few years.- devs seem to have given up completely.This game had a lot of potential and still does if the right people would actually put the effort into making this game. I really hope this game will eventually become a finished product and live up to its potential, but until then, I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,221100,18869126,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,The Breakfast Dragon,I told myself I would regret the day I purchesd this title. (I was right.)
,Not Recommended,221100,18454029,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,MeiX,Beans doesn't taste that good - 7/10 ~ MeiXEDIT: Okay Im gonna make a real review.So you are the ultimate gamer? Let's challange that title by making you play this game filled with zombies running through walls and a game so optimized that even stephen hawking runs better.This gave me cancer so it's a thumbs down
,Not Recommended,221100,18683815,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,stephen,"Extremely bad, very buggy and a complete disgrace from the previous DayZ mod on Arma 2."
,Not Recommended,221100,18895912,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,RainbowRadish,♥♥♥♥♥ Tottaly unfinished and never will be finished.
,Not Recommended,221100,18599571,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,MrEff,"Seriously what that hell happened here.  This Pyramid scheme, I mean game is one of the most shocking things to ever grace the gaming comminity.  Sure the mod was amazing it offered something never been done before and it had it bugs, and Plenty of bugs it had (wont go into it)  but it was fun and completely community driven.then that F aggot rocket decided to make a standalone version of it and charge ppl for this brilliant underated buggy survial shooter.  Hell, Day Z invented true survival perma death.so what did he do.  used the same old Arma 2 engine that is in no way equipped to handle what they are trying to do to the standalone and just keep releasing different colored beenies each month.   they make no attempt to innovate with the standalone.  they just used the same formula as the original Day mod without the mod remakes.the game has been around now for 2 nearly 3 years and its still buggy, poorly optimized no cars, no helos.  not enough gun models no trading no real drive to traverse the large baron empty map.  but there are plenty of colourful beenies!♥♥♥♥ this game!  ♥♥♥♥ it in rockets sweet little♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198132007079,Not Recommended,221100,18661963,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,GD SuperDog,it has been in early access for nearly 2 years don't buy unless you want bugs wait till 2016
,Not Recommended,221100,21044993,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Uncontested,"I wanted to like this game, but I just can't. After how much potential the mod had, this was a straight shot to the gut. Its been several years now of development hell, they add features constantly and break old ones. They still don't even have the core gameplay mechanics in place despite this. Instead of adding the things we have been promised for YEARS (Underground bases ring a bell, anyone?) they add dumb things like coloring your hats....Dean Hall took his money and ran and its clear why, this game will be going nowhere for a long time to come with promises of grandure for years to come, only for us consumers to be sadly disappointed time and time again.I still hold him (Hall) personally accountable for the mess this game has become, I called it way back in 2012 after the leaks of a 'standalone' version instead of just supporting the ARMA2 mod.  Early Access as the excuse is just sad at this point. I would not encourage anyone to buy this at this point anymore.P.S. The best part of the Mod, Helicopters, still is nowhere near being re-added to Day-Z standalone.  Oh and they had all of like 4 working vehicles, another massive failure considering the ARMA2 mod had tons of working vehicles in it."
76561198094052699,Not Recommended,221100,21908695,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,SwagLikeGandhi,4 years in early access? Full Triple AAA title games are made in less time. ♥♥♥♥ this game and the $30 I'll never get back.
,Not Recommended,221100,22749084,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,뜨거운햇살아래에에,this game is acquired immune deficiency syndrome
,Not Recommended,221100,20478162,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,swft.,DayZ is a game that will most likely never be fully released. The creator simply took the money and ran off. On top of that the engine is not suited for a game like this. I cannot recommend this to anyone so spend your money elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,221100,21777211,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Sadboys,Overpriced trash that will never change
76561197967108413,Not Recommended,221100,23352368,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Voorhies,"I actually really enjoyed this game a hell of a lot. But it is just too damn buggy to have a progressive experience on it.You will find good gear, set up a little base with tents and start looking for a car etc but chances are before that, you will die of some random disease when you have used every possibility to cure it OR you will literally drop dead for no reason like i have twice.My advice, WAIT"
76561198131430864,Not Recommended,221100,17243274,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Hugh Mungus,Buggy and unfinished. Don't buy this game until it is at least in beta.
,Not Recommended,221100,17271109,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Gumball,no just no goodbye
76561198361108578,Not Recommended,221100,32282895,Posted: 8 June,all,deathsroll,"graphics and gameplay are great.noticed quite a lack of loot in comparison to dayz mod. constant disconnects at random are starting to make this game very frustrating to play.if this was a free to play alpha, i wouldnt have complaints, but $35.00 later, i have a game that just seems too broken to really enjoy playing. hopefully these issues get resolved soon. id really like to see this game complete and fully functioning. i think it would be a very enjoyable game at that point, but at this point, i would not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,221100,18703817,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Joker #RIPJOKER,Needs work
,Not Recommended,221100,20334758,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Morgus,"I got this game in the sale, within in 20 minutes I got a refund.This game is awfully optimized, don't waste your money"
76561197996409664,Not Recommended,221100,22154293,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Old Gregg,"Terrible game, even more terrible development."
76561198169981025,Not Recommended,221100,22183686,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,NuclearFusionZz,"Ok, lets be honest here,As a lot of people have said, when DayZ Standalone somehow made its way to the steam store, everyone jumped in because it was new. The game itself is developing at a rather slow pace, the developers focus on adding small things like a stick of glue for example because Bohemia Interactive are simply trying to make money off of the game.In DayZ mod, finding a vehicle was actually more common, however, in Standalone, you're more likely to grow wings and fly to a distant planet than find a vehicle. The game at this point in time is an utter pile of crap. Do not buy this game unless you want to regret buying a forever early access game for the rest of your life.Rating: -10 out of 10, if thats possible.Rant Over.P.S:░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄ Dayz▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░And yes that was a copy and paste, and what."
76561197974924237,Not Recommended,221100,22184731,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,[Manx Rats] Shotgun Yeehaaw,Completely sullied the name of Early Access.
,Not Recommended,221100,22220185,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Gargall amb Mocs,"There's no point denying it, DayZ is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198215075417,Not Recommended,221100,18009293,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,SgtFrog,"First 15 minutes of gameplay I'm freezing, I'm starving, and I'm dying of dehydration. Overall didn't find a single zombie and the economy killed me before I found anyone or anything. Also I glitched through a wall to the other side of the building when i just tried to grab my food."
76561198042194222,Not Recommended,221100,18279245,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Urist [BW],"As it stands this game is a scam, the amount of content in this game compared to the amount of time that it has been in development and the amount of money that has been spent on it (In excess of £100m, the witcher 3 had a £120m budget) is a disgrace. Almost certainly a blatent scam at this point, I would throughly recommend bohemias other title (which has an active dev team) ARMA 3 as you can get your survival fix through a number of free mods which are more feature complete than DayZ."
76561198035731639,Not Recommended,221100,19276118,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,|-TAoW-|-Spetz,buggy mess that will never be a good game. This game needs scrapping completely and rebuiling from top to bottom as it is just terrible atm.
76561198032734994,Not Recommended,221100,25466694,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,brianhp666,Walk around and died before finding food with lag spikes that will keep you running in place til you break your leg and dienot worth it.
,Not Recommended,221100,25914657,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Vader,I enjoyed it for what it was. But it's now been three years with absolutely zero progress made in my eyes. Save yourself time and money.
,Not Recommended,221100,31184611,Posted: 16 April,all,homba gomba,no progress at all
76561197963644593,Not Recommended,221100,31343660,Posted: 24 April,all,RIPMaster,"The game was one of the first in the zombie category, i liked it much at the beginning.In my eyes, there are too few updates. Yes i know the developers talked about that..If the beta is not the big boom, the game is gone for me.I hope i will change the rating when beta is released."
76561198046001919,Not Recommended,221100,24953197,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,really cool gamer,"Developers Developers Developers DE-♥♥♥♥ING-VELOPERS!I can still die from tripping down the stairs apparently, regardless if the game has been out for over a year."
,Not Recommended,221100,25226778,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Puddy,Great concept and some good strides taken over way toolong a period of time... this is one to wait for.. In 2012 I started playing Dayz Mod and I remember falling and dying from a 3 foot fall... 2016 4 years for the idea and 1 and a half years into standalone (Beta planned at the beginning of 2015) currently in version .6 of the Alpha and I still just died from a 3 foot fall.... Still not a game I'd wait
76561198098445777,Not Recommended,221100,29071808,Posted: 6 January,all,Markyparr,"Dont get me wrong day z used to be one of my favourite games! ( when it was an arma 2 mod )now all i feel it is now is just a running simulator with a game of lets see who can find the best top pants and hat,every game ive played on i have starved to death due to lootless servers, food and drink should be a little more abundant i agree with guns being rare but not food and drink, if your with friends its not fun to starve or die of thirst together, another problem is if you do find a rare morsel of food and a weapon, chances are someone who is geared up will just gun you down! ( shooting on sight is a problem in this game ) Even if you clearly have nothing but the clothes on your back you still get gunned down and have to start the long frustrating search for food again,If you want a game that has you running around for hours on end looking for food and water while trying not to get murdered for no reason then this game is for you."
,Not Recommended,221100,31532365,Posted: 3 May,all,Blayze,"Death by boredom simulator. Joined high pop server ran to nearest town saw 2 zombies. Ran inland saw 2 more zombies. Found a hat. ran to airfield 1 found a tyre. ran to airfield 2. found a tyre. ran back to coast found a 5th zombie. punched to death. Quit game. 2 hours, no zombies, no items, no players. How can this be even a shadow of the mod?"
76561198016869223,Not Recommended,221100,18523442,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Frillar,an utter embarassment to the early access model. everyone involved should be ashamed.what have they done with the money?
,Not Recommended,221100,24974982,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,MickTyme,"This game had a lot of potential and I roll back to it from time to time to check it out, but I can honestly say that it hasn't made any real leaps forward in the very extended early release Alpha. At this time it feels like they're just happy having our money with no intention to finish the game. There are many other better survival games."
,Not Recommended,221100,30930855,Posted: 3 April,all,chaostheoryv2,"Had high hopes for this game, devs show little effort in improving this game,  multiple months for an update, these greedy devs already made their money and dont really care at this point, stole and idea got rich off it and did nothing. this game used to be something, they butchered with their ideas. they decided to focus on♥♥♥♥♥♥like adding books with no purpose. This game is dead now and is going nowhere. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,221100,31343725,Posted: 24 April,all,fool me once,Looks as terrible as the day I bought it (3 years ago).Probably the only video game purchase I've ever regretted.
,Not Recommended,221100,25122719,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Carsonson,They gave up on a beautiful to be game..
,Not Recommended,221100,17768916,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,kb67,"""added new zombie attack sounds"" should become a meme.no seriously this game symoblises the decsent of the gaming industry to♥♥♥♥♥♥.they probebly have a special team of programmers deticated to the addition of new bugs to the game.by what they ""promised"" we should be in the start of the FOURTH quarter of the game updates. right now they did not even finish half of the features in the first one. pffff and they still say that the game will enter beta in 2016.oh mighty lord gaben REFUND PLZ. i swear i will never buy an ""early acsses"" money grabbing game."
,Not Recommended,221100,18032864,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,KaytoN^,STEAM I WANT TO REFOUND THIS GAME !!! AND I CAN'T !!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,18334774,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Pathos,"I thoroughly regret giving these guys my money. Effectively what happened, is they sold this pre alpha or whatever the hell they're calling it now on its name. People saw DayZ and were excited, they expected a major improvement over existing mod servers, graphically, mechanically, and atmospherically. What they got, is a boring, buggy, mess, lacking a huge amount of the features possessed by other similar games, and even the previous mods. On top of all this, the devs and fanboys in absolute denial, have the gall to use the games ""Early Alpha"" status as a shield from citicism.THIS GAME HAS BEEN SOLD FOR NEARLY TWO BLOODY YEARS AND REMAINS AN ""EARLY ALPHA?!""They took their fat paycheck and laughed all the way to the bank. They feel no impetus to actually finish what they started. After all, why should they? They've already got our money.This game is what turned me off to early access forever.On an aside, I just tried playing this game for the first time in a few months just to see if my negative opinion of the game was still valid.Spent an hour and a half walking around towns filled with no weapons, food, or useful supplies, just various clothing items, and never ONCE saw a single zombie.Don't buy this piece of crap, it lacks content, polish, and will likely NEVER reach gold status, because as soon as they lose their shield of ""alpha/beta"" the game will be torn to shreds by critics.I'm rambling by this point so I'll close with DON'T BUY THIS, IT'S A SCAM."
,Not Recommended,221100,18389399,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,CAT-DOS,"2 years. 2 loooooooooong years, and no progress has been made to upgrade this game from a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy this game. Do not perpetuate the greed of horrible companies like this who play on the dreams of people that wanted to make a great concept come alive in order to make a quick buck. Pre-ordering and early access is what is sending the quality of games nowadays down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198011275770,Not Recommended,221100,18390007,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,SpaceDino,"How long can something be out for and it still be considered ""early access""? just curious"
76561198007366388,Not Recommended,221100,18606911,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,shanoobergloob,walking simulator...have fun with 15FPS
,Not Recommended,221100,16351835,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CRISPY,"Do not play it, its a waste of money :/"
76561198024722775,Not Recommended,221100,17082119,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Nils,"after years of hope, the only thing i can say is: dean hall, y u do this?edit Sept. '15: Still badedit Dec. '15: Still badedit Feb. '16: Still badedit May '16: Still badedit Jun. '16: Still one of the worst games ever. I hate it.edit Jun. '17: It's incredible how there are still so many people who buy this game. They are baiting their community with...let's call it ""tales""... about a planned beta and nothing f-ing happens. wtf.since a couple of years there is this trend where developers release unfinished games, but dayz is the grandmaster of trolling. after so many years they didn't make a single step forward."
76561198070230772,Not Recommended,221100,17088275,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,ChiefSpartan117,So I have been playing the standalone a lot since I bought it and well it mostly is good but it lacks so much from the original like vehicles such as helicopters and trucks and the game is poorly optimized I might play it more once they fix the game and add more to it but for now I cannot recommend this game just get arma 2 complete pack and download the dayz mod it's so much better
,Not Recommended,221100,17239116,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,™.[3xpl01t].™,How about you useless developers get this game out of beta and actaully release it since its been over 2 years...... Total waste of money...Ide rather spend my money on rotten pumpkins....The rotten pumpkins are much more in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing then this game.
76561198127150981,Not Recommended,221100,33355448,Posted: 7 July,all,PlayingWithFire,"Still in alpha after all this time, what has it been 5 years now? the game is dead and the devs don't careDo not buy this game $35 is a major rip off.This game has made millions and still not even in beta, they have plenty of money to develop it but are lazyalso you just get shot on sight or killed by a hacker there are still a lot of hacking people in this game, makes it not fun and unplayable even if you look past all the bugs they put off fixing because they spend time adding more useless garbage to this broken game."
,Not Recommended,221100,18002228,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Khan,"""WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME ""DO NOT EXPEND YOUR MONEY ON THAT PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥RETURNING IN:2016 - GAME STILL A PIECE OF TRASH.2017 TO SAY: 3 ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS OF LIES ON THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ DOT NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE.DAYZZZZZ (SEARCHING, WALKING, BORING, GAME OF ZOMBIES WITHOUT ZOMBIES SIMULATOR)  WILL BE REMEMBERED AS THE GAME THAT START THE EARLY ACESS GAME WITH PROMISSES NEVER FINISHEDS."
76561198010362104,Not Recommended,221100,33306082,Posted: 6 July,all,Max,"Developers need to admit to themselves (and everyone else) that they do not posses the skills required to finish this game. Just call it a day and stop taking peoples money for a broken, unfinished game."
,Not Recommended,221100,33306671,Posted: 6 July,all,The Real McRee,"Terrible game, waited for it to get better always hoping that every update would fix bugs. It's still in the extreme early stages of development, with barely any content to chew through. Unless new clothes are your thing, because they seem like the only new additions in each update."
,Not Recommended,221100,17070141,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,James,Dayz Standalone also known as CancerZ may as well have been made by a 90 year old autistic man and is worse than licking your nan's ♥♥♥♥♥♥. It will be in early access when Half Life 4 is confirmed and it will STILL be bad. For exampleIm running through the the woods.... when suddenly a ♥♥♥♥ing laggy ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing half in the ground zombie breaks my knee caps and mauls me half to death. Then i spend the next half hour fixing my legs when some dickbag thats part of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ community comes along and shoves he's ♥♥♥♥ing bayonet up my broken♥♥♥♥♥ The morale of this story is never... buy... this game.IGN 1/10 And thats a new record.
76561198068713196,Not Recommended,221100,17270173,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Darren Dark,"It looked cool, seemed cool, wasnt cool."
,Not Recommended,221100,17340967,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Aminem,"I started playing this game 2 Years ago and man i had fun... Now after a 1 year break i reinstalled it, but i had to stop after 2 hours, cause in the beginning it was a really hard game, but it was fun to try to survive as long as you could and playing with friends. Now however its crap :(.It got far too easy to find guns, food and other loot. Now if you play with your friends you first have to find them for 30 min (same as in the past) just to get shot by the first person you meet, so you have to either camp all day long OR search your friends 80% of the time.In short:DO NOT buy this game it is no survival game anymore just a walking simulator with 2 min gunfights inbetween of 1 hour walking.If you already bought this game DO NOT reinstall it. NO ONE talks anymore just some people shooting on sight..."
,Not Recommended,221100,21671471,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,The Irv,"This game has so much potential, but i can't recommend it to anyone. It's been over two years in alpha and it feels like barely anything has changed. Barely playable frame rates with a gtx 970 and I5 3690k which is ridiculous. Even when this game is complete I wont recommend it just because of how horrible of an experience I've had so far with this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,24945735,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,DaysGoneBye,Out almost 3 years and still day one bugs are present. It feels like they got their money and are done worrying about making the game a better and more enjoyable experience. Still in alpha after all this time? Come on.
,Not Recommended,221100,28572607,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,nose long like garden hose,is it out of alpha yet
76561198079344345,Not Recommended,221100,31111748,Posted: 13 April,all,ImperialWriter,Been in early acess for ages.
76561198059104967,Not Recommended,221100,25232846,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Serg,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and i want my money back
,Not Recommended,221100,26465661,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dirty♎Evil,Too many frequent updates
76561198005150222,Not Recommended,221100,18866779,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Richard Horseman,"Pretty much the reason Early Access has a bad rep.Been out since late 2013, pretty broken, using a not-friendly game engine, bad gameplay which essentially is a walking-and-finding-your-friends simulator and slowly hiking up the price. Apparently full release will happen in 2016 but we'll see.Thankfully I got it at its historical low ($25 CDN) so I don't feel as ripped off as others, but I still don't recommend at this time."
76561198042298827,Not Recommended,221100,21780277,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,496815295,"♥♥♥♥♥game,♥♥♥♥♥♥promises"
,Not Recommended,221100,22096893,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,GaNoo,"It was fun, but very VERY glitchy and updates seem to be few and far between.  I most likely won't play it much until it exits early access(Which considering it's been out since 2013, and says it ""IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA"", it might be awhile...seriously...after 2+ years, you would think it would have made it into the beta stage."
76561197974368567,Not Recommended,221100,22777891,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,BakedFoSho,"This has got to be the slowest progressing games without actual abandonment. I've owned the game since day 1. In the beginning was a strong supporter/promoter, Loved DayZ and what it had to offer; Then came the hackers and bugs; such as randomly falling or being flung off roofs. What I realized this game is filled with huge problems that are left unattended, while focus is upon stuff like new civilian clothes and shoes. I need to elaborate no more beacuse i've exhausted enough time in this game... One final sentence to think about... At the rate they are going, the engine will be obsolete by the time this game is finished."
76561198288902299,Not Recommended,221100,24912878,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,charlemagne420420,"dayz sa is an unplayable piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥, over and over and over your gear will vanish,over and over and over a character you have pieced together will instantly vanish ,hours of work for nothing"
76561198099966820,Not Recommended,221100,25084714,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Adolf Hitler,DO NOT I REPEATE DO NOT SHIFT-TAB OUT OF THE GAME IM NOT SAYING ITS A BAD GAME I STILL PLAY IT BUT LIKE I SAID JUST DONT
76561197962593167,Not Recommended,221100,25223733,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mancunien,"I played a lot this game, mainly because ""content is coming, it's going to be awesome""Well, after 2-3 years, the joke is total : still no Zombies, no functionnal cars, no real content and A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ OF BUGS.The mod -2009- has like 20 times more content than the standalone. This game will never be developped, they took the HUGE amount of money we gave them thinking they would make a great game out of it and did nothing for the game with it but I suspect they used it wisely (if you see what I mean)This game is just a Vaporware, like Interstellar Marines or Daikatana. But BiggerDON'TBUYITEdit 26/07/2017 :To this day, the joke is still going (and bigger I'd say), there is no dev team and the content is the same as it was 2 years ago.Buy ARK and/or PUBG, don't get fooled by DayZ, this huge vaporware"
,Not Recommended,221100,25471626,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jeff,"As a DayZ mod vet I jumped at the bit and bought this on day 1 when the early access dropped. Of course there were allot of problems at that time. I managed to dump a few hours into it but ultimately couldn't make the early access work and it failed to satisfy my DayZ needs. I put this on the digital shelf to collect dust and mature before trying again.Fast foward to today, Sept 11, 2016, almost 3 years since early alpha release. Surely most of the worst bugs were eliminated from the game. I loaded it up and refamiliarized myself with the controls.I instantly found an axe and began looting. Unfortunately I alerted a nearby zombie and he locked onto me. Remembering how impossible it was to log a hit on a zombie in the beginning I chose to run into a house and up to the second floor. I figured close combat in a bedroom would make it easier for me to deal with the zombie.I was wrong. I was taking hits and bleeding and the zombie wasn't even in the room, on the stairs on ever on the same floor as me. I exited the game.Conclusion: See you in another 3 years DayZ"
,Not Recommended,221100,26066307,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,K Kerberos,"Worst early access game i've every purchased. Three years ago they started this as a cash grab for the zombie hype, now I gave up on this ever going to get out of alpha.Zombie mod in Arma has better results than this.I checked in every 6 months or so, and yes, the game is still buggy and core gaming features are no where to be found.Bohemia is joining up EA and Ubi to be the worst gaming companies club.0/10 avoid at all costs"
,Not Recommended,221100,31321669,Posted: 23 April,all,joeld,"I want my money back, this is a scam."
76561198143956123,Not Recommended,221100,25253255,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,jinx,cant play at all lags really bad
76561198311011321,Not Recommended,221100,31343382,Posted: 24 April,all,Kyle,absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥full of hackers and just extremely boring went to airfield many times to be either one tapped or someone has just hacked the game and caused most of the people to die which is a nightmare when you put loads of hours into getting gear and then loosing it to some little prick that has hacks. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198248097722,Not Recommended,221100,25097983,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FBI99SHUAN,i cant run it now wtf
,Not Recommended,221100,25119453,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Drakotar,"DO NOT BUY, Dean the head dev jumped ship and the game is left with a lack of content that was promised and stale, buggy gameplay. A positive? Taught me to never preorder again.Edit: Still terrible. Buy something else"
76561198110054641,Not Recommended,221100,21366551,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sora Toriyama,"First off, Steam shows i only have 3.2 hours on this game but i actually have around 50 hours (in offline mode)Alas we have another (what could have been) great game to go down in history. Instead this is what we got... No updates in forever that actually HELP the players. just more graphic tweaks that break my pc more then ever (Keep it up Devs!! You're bound to make my potato of a pc explode one day!!! \o/ )I bought this game when my friend got it after we were both tricked by the Devs, that this would be the most epic game to hit steam...... Instead... we get this... abandoned and buggy shell of an epic idea. sigh......I would seriously recommend you stay away from this game for like.. the next 40 years unless you have a good pc and can stand getting stuck in buildings and getting hit by zombies from 400 feet away and dying. Because in my short time.. These are the three things i seen playing the game.1. My FPS counter go from 15 to 5 when transitioning from countryside/beach to forests or a city2. Getting hit by zombies when INSIDE OF A BUILDING behind a closed door with the zombie(s) outside and/or well out of striking distance.3. Randomly going through walls and losing what semi good loot i had because of it.I hope one day that this game outshines all other games and becomes like i said earlier.. one of those to go down in history. But as it stands. My requests and hopes fall on deaf ears.4/10 Buy on deal if you can stand the above problems."
76561197983131544,Not Recommended,221100,21923175,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Metatron,"Did i had a lot of fun in this game when it was released? yes i did but i also had 5-6 friends playing with me.Then i took a break for 2 years + i install again nothing almost changed just a few new weapons and items , in fact i believe the game gets worse with every update , i had a lot of fun in the begining but i would recomend you to stay away as the devs dont seem to do anything."
,Not Recommended,221100,19163821,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,D.va - K.I.S.S,"gave this game a small loan of 1 million dollars, saw no progress in development. 10/10 would donald trump again"
,Not Recommended,221100,21003059,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Vicinity,"When I first heard about the standalone I had great hopes.""Yes, we're finally gonna get a zombie survival game!""I had no doubts about helping the development by buying into the alpha.However the game I was trying to help was a zombie survival game, not a PVP-only game with a couple of zombies in it.It has now been 2 years and all that Bohemia has done is add vehicles, weapons and other stuff that enhances the PVP aspect, instead of focusing on actually having to survive the environment and the hordes of zombies that should be in the game.I'm aware that this is an alpha build, but there is such a thing a priorities and in my opinion it should be to have a game that runs well and has the core aspects of a zombie survival game.PROS:- Can have hilarious moments due to the unscripted nature of the game.- Playing with friends or a squad makes the PVP quite fun.(This is where 90% of my game time comes from).CONS:- Alpha... 2013, 2014, 2015 and most likely all of 2016 too.- Old and frankly crappy engine so the game runs pretty bad, even on high end systems.- Very buggy and scarce amounts of Zombies. (Which SHOULD be the focus)- KOS (Kill on Sight) is VERY common, and there is no repercussions in killing other players.The list of cons can be made quite long, but I think you get what I mean.CONCLUSION:If you were looking for a post apocalyptic ZOMBIE SURVIVAL, I'd look elsewhere.If you are looking for PVP action, go play CS:GO or something similar.___________________My System:CPU: i7-4970kGPU: GTX 980TiRAM: 16GB @ 1600mhz"
76561198150821888,Not Recommended,221100,21673151,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,TZx2,"takes way to long to get geared up. when you do, you die. Not enough loot. to complicated. and 3 years in alpha?"
,Not Recommended,221100,21805106,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,UnicornDelight,"Punched a tree once, didn't make a noise. Punched the same tree again, sounded like I punched something metal. Went for a third punch and sounded like a bullet hitting metal.Trees are very weird."
76561198000065262,Not Recommended,221100,22154079,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Darth Maydar,This game has been a huge waste of time. Dean Hall is a joke and this game has been a real piece of junk. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together guys I bet I could make a better zombie game using Unity 3D.
76561197977771591,Not Recommended,221100,25104340,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Walking Zombie,"My worst experience of buying an Early Access Game. It's so buggy, the graphics are abysmal (I have a gtx970... quad core, 8gb ram etc... so it ain't me.., no gameplay. Even the inventory interface is like something from 1985, but even then, it makes no sense and still doesn't work properly. The developers should be forever banned from the industry for this blatant rip off, over hyped pile of crap.."
76561198028681495,Not Recommended,221100,25212013,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,--luckyAssasin--,"so well i only got 5 hours on this game cause every time i try playing it my server breaks down or i one of the many glitches kill me like dropping dead for no reason, bullets have no impact, graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥. very slow conection while i normally have the best ping... what im trynna say is dont buy this game if you want a working game...Great concept tough.."
76561198064467907,Not Recommended,221100,30933103,Posted: 3 April,all,[VAP]Broke Hawk,"They just announced there ""new"" game stationeers. Thanks for the WARNING. Ill stay far away."
,Not Recommended,221100,31085692,Posted: 11 April,all,Ozzy,"I'm seriously disappointed with the span of progression for this game. It was the best-selling game on Steam for some time even, and yet here we are. Ruined a perfectly good idea with the overcomplicated idea of ""creating our own game engine, yada yada"" b.s... The players deserve the ability to request a refund after so much time has elapsed since inception."
76561198057309553,Not Recommended,221100,25065640,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mr. Bong,"It is good to see the developers of this alpha-locked game have actually improved the game slightly with the recent updates however the game still lacks in every other respect.The good old days of RP encounters with other players are literally completely dead now so if you are looking at buying this game based on funny videos you have seen of people being captured and or having funny stand offs with players you will not get it in this game.DayZ basically plays like a huge open-world PVP game, you start as a dude in a t-shirt and jeans and you go out collecting supplies and finding new clothes and hopefully a weapon or two. Some of the survival mechanics are quite realistic but overall the game feels broken and buggy even with the new update which has only smoothed over some of the crap.There are many different meta game methods people use to play this game as well which in my opinion defeats the purpose of a survival game. I have had people glitch through doors to kill me, people ""cycle items"" and all sorts of rubbish which renders the game a half as$ed survival game in my opinion.Sure if you have some friends that play this game and are telling you to buy it you may get some fun out of it but don't expect anything like the good old days where people actually used their IN-GAME mic to communicate with players.I can't recommend this game on account of the time it has been out, the little progress that has been put into the game ultimately since it's release into the steam store (3 or so years ago now) and the lack of player interaction.I would if I were you, wait for a better more conclusive multiplayer survival game with an actual IN-GAME community because this game does not have it.I have put enough hours into this game over the years I have owned it since it's release to know that this game is not really going anywhere far and the population of players are mostly made up socially inept squeeker kids or bumpkin's."
76561198099020482,Not Recommended,221100,25229416,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Kaptan Logar,DO NOT ♥♥♥♥ING BUY THIS GAME. IT WILL STAY IN ALPHA STAGE FOR EVER. ANANIZI SİKEYİM.
76561198100366995,Not Recommended,221100,25464560,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,jms93,tried long enough spent 3 hours couldnt find♥♥♥♥♥♥rolled my ankle walking down the stair an cant walk...
,Not Recommended,221100,28450885,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ReaganSMAAAAASH,Still♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,20512338,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Pooru-Chan,"Came back to this game after another (one) year and a half, this time with a beefy pc andWhere are the zombies? I played this for 2 hours straight and didn't encounter a single zombie, I went to Cherno expecting to find at least some zombies but all I found were people with guns. And if that's that then why not play another shooter? What's the point of zombie survival if there are no zombies (besides people I guess?).Overall I really wish I didn't buy this game...it's been what  3 years? They promised helicopters, more zombies and much more at the end of 2015 back in 2014 and all I found was a pvp zone. Eugh....go play the free mod instead."
,Not Recommended,221100,20594266,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Onion1220,"Ive spent more time trying to configure the game so that it actually works and has decent frame rate. Now i dont have the most powerful configuration for a laptop, but I expected this game to at least run well on 'high' settings, yet normal wasnt so great either. Other games i play can easily handle high/ultra settings but i understand that this is a large open world environment so there is more to process. Apart from that, a major issue which caused me to return the game was the inablilty to play in full screen mode, as the in-game mouse cursor would not show unless Alt+Enter was used to enter windowed mode. Sucks to play like this having to look at the large borders and your start menu all the time. Hopefully Dev's can sort these issues out and i may think about buying again, as im really into such survival games. Lastly, the addition of more zombies would make the game a bit more interesting."
,Not Recommended,221100,20830227,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,John-John,every once and a while I remember that I bought this gamememories to last a lifetime
,Not Recommended,221100,31163545,Posted: 15 April,all,pepE,this game sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,29638720,Posted: 1 February,all,TheWOnderfulMrMicFister,Horrible...do not buy! Literally like 3+years devlopment and nothing has really changed from day one when I purchased this. Star Citizen will be live before this wreck...
76561197995139080,Not Recommended,221100,30851851,Posted: 31 March,all,Szyna,scam
,Not Recommended,221100,31088608,Posted: 11 April,all,RoFlGaSm,"Game will never be finished. Their latest status report basically sais "" yeah we now realize we ♥♥♥♥ed up with time frames, so uh now were gonna try to defend it and blame the player base for their expectations in which we the company and devs set""."
76561198088103954,Not Recommended,221100,29816469,Posted: 9 February,all,Fireproof101,"Long development, long way to go."
,Not Recommended,221100,25253893,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,[ligaderobots]Raul,"This game is the example of a bad software development, two years after I bought it is yet showing too much glitchs and maybe the worst part is the fanboys or infiltrated compan employees saying how the game will be something good in the future... it is just a piece of crap for so many reasons:- No loot anywhere, like not even items to harvest or animals to hunt, shops showing not food- In 5 different times I played, sometimes the same server, sometimes different servers the character would not be kept, it was starting from scratch all the time (disconnected in safe zones at mid server restart time).- Usability and batling z's is exactly as flawed as was 2 years ago... incredible."
76561197969484870,Not Recommended,221100,25388109,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,nodave,"This has been Alpha stage for way too long.  $35 for an alpha game that see's very little if any progress is not worth it.  By the time this game releases, there will be far better games out there."
76561198134811176,Not Recommended,221100,28109859,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Natoriouspig,"I wrote a song for this game, here it is:It's a rainy afternoon, 2016.This game's ♥♥♥♥♥♥Geez it's been 3 yearsDayz.You were so fine.BeautifulBeautifulMod from unknownYou stole my heart, before you released the standalone.It was so great, I knew it was for me.You gave me fun, for free.DAYZ DAYZ DAYZ WHY YOUR DEVS SO SLOW!ALL MY LIFE IVE WANTED YOU, NOW I HATE YOU SO.DAYZ DAYZ DAYZ WHY YOUR DEVS SO SLOWThis game would amaze me.Till the devs all got lazy."
,Not Recommended,221100,31307844,Posted: 22 April,all,Tiger Weeds,Guess my grandkids gonna review the beta version of this game for me.
,Not Recommended,221100,17349773,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,WSQ,"If you want to play the game, just play the mod, don't buy this standalone version."
,Not Recommended,221100,12327483,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ComradeWalrus,Incomplete and abandonned game. It's never gonna come out so don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,221100,8277358,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Aydin,I'd wait a while before purchasing this one.
,Recommended,221100,12108332,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Vegas,"Everytime i mouse over the ""PLAY"" button on my libary , my heart stops for 1 s because once you log in , you'll either be killed or live to fight another day."
76561198053979503,Not Recommended,221100,26407446,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Mr. Hoover,"Horrible game.  Mods banned me from the community because I am part of a troll group, DayZ Give Us a Refund.The game will never be done.  They have made crazy money and now they are working on other projects."
,Not Recommended,221100,28300208,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Kalte Ente,"The only thing happens is: I am starving all the time. Trying to RTFM just got more frustration. After hours of walking you find out: There is no food in supermarkets. Hey, that's so much fun. You just starve.Tried this game some years ago and installed it again to see what has changed. Its still alpha, no satisfaction, always starving. Totally regret every coin I spent for this."
,Recommended,221100,12677841,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Dei,"Hey, guy in the mask.. You frien.. *Dead*HEY! I'M FRIENDLY DON'T SHOO.. *Dead*FRIENDLY, PLEASE DONT SHOOT ME.. I ONLY HAVE A BUILDERS HELME... *Dead**Alt + F4*This game is the definition of anger and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ It shows how people have no morals or decency at all.♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator 2014.10/banditos."
,Recommended,221100,8640940,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Morty Smith,"At first glance this survival-horror game may appear to be another generic open-world multiplayer game, but further analysis reveals it to be much deeper. There are several aspects that set this game apart, the first being absolute confusion. You awaken with no idea where you are and nothing more than a flashlight and the clothes on your back. Nothing is handed to you, scavenging is the only way to survive. Surviving is a challenge, especially with up to 39 other people trying to survive alongside you in the vast 225 km2 world. Some may be willing to group up with you for protection, but most will try to kill you for whatever items of value you have. So called “bandits” roam the cities murdering anyone they find. Others have more sinister agendas, torturing survivors in brutal ways such as breaking their legs and leaving them to starve. This is what happens when people are shown the freedom to do whatever they please in a world which rewards violence and cruelty. Those who refuse to partake in the inhumaneness get taken advantage of by liars and thieves. One of the most significant features of the game is that when you die, you lose everything. You come back with none of the items you potentially took hours to gather. But why do so many people subject themselves to the harshness? Why would someone run through a forest for an hour just to be killed with nothing to show for it, and then do it again? This is for you to find out."
,Not Recommended,221100,13965863,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Stoned Messiah,"Horrible game, nothing like the mod. Dont bother purchasing it."
,Recommended,221100,9745825,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,kingkirito,"I found my first gun and someone sniped me from the bottom of the building. I found my first fireaxe, then died of starvation. I found a backpack, then I got kidnapped and killed. 11/10"
,Recommended,221100,8564021,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Keenan,"Had group, died, respawned and gave guy disinfectant 10/10 would bang."
,Recommended,221100,8569554,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,XXXTARNATION,"Someone asked me to escort them into town. I took them there, then shot him. I was going there anyway."
,Recommended,221100,8318167,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mr Murdoc,I can take my own blood sample and inject it into others just so i know apart of me was in them. 11/10.
76561198058707444,Not Recommended,221100,15802092,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,∫GUIZO needs more fugacity,"My friends and I call this game ""the most expensive package of bugs""."
,Not Recommended,221100,16061571,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Rez,"So buggy after years of being out, developers don't really care about the game from the looks of it. Save £20 and go buy yourself a cheeky nandos instead!"
,Not Recommended,221100,13679601,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Jaffaking,"As written when you buy this game this game is till in alpha. Its been like this for a fairly long time now. The idea of this game is very cool. However, the game is very and i mean very buggy. The loading screen even has sore rendering issues and the game is also very laggy even on a very high end gaming pc. You can literally find a bug in anythings you do in dayz. Some times up to a point which the game is literally unplayable. For now i will give this game a 3.0/10. But you never now. The game might develop to being amazing."
,Not Recommended,221100,13409370,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,can i get uhhh,"Cool concepts, but if you have a slower computer dont get this game, I have a Nvidia Geforce 6150 SE and it fails to even come close to this games standards. and its 35 bucks, at this level :I"
76561198044654358,Recommended,221100,8592676,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,GrumpyGnome,'I need a drink' - The video game
76561197993996852,Not Recommended,221100,11957000,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,joe8years,"I feel wrong contributing to a review of a game still in the early stages, but quite simply.. This game should not even be on sale.I have what I would consider a very solid gaming PC, and the framerate will rarely rise above 20, even in forest areas? This game is horrible in terms of CPU taxation.. (And no, before you fanboy scrubs comment.. Its not just my PC, friends who have even more powerful CPU/GPU combinations have similar problems)Secondly: This game is broken, it crashes in the menu's and crashes on random occasions, I've logged 9 hours and I can honestly say:I could have gone looking for rotten tomatoes IRL and had more fun1/10 worst game i've ever played."
76561198047668775,Recommended,221100,8667957,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,George Zimmerman {suicidal},"While I was walking through Cherno minding my own business, a man appeared on the street. He seemed harmless enough, so I approached him slowly. This was the first time I had re-joined the game since I died, so I had no items other than some rags and a screwdriver I found in a nearby building moments before. As I walked over to this man, he noticed me and began to scream. At this point I turn around and run as fast as possible as he chases me with a hatchet yelling ""COME HERE AND TAKE YOUR MEDICINE YOU LITTLE ♥♥♥♥♥!"". After about 5 minutes of blood-curdling screams and the ""I feel thirsty"" message appearing every 5 seconds, he trapped me in a building and yelled ""Here's Johnny!"" as he hit me again and again with his hatchet. I died of blood loss, and he took my rags and screwdriver.This game is brilliant 11/10"
76561198035728650,Not Recommended,221100,13759176,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,VBeachedWhaleV,IT LAGS FOR ONE AND FOR TO THE GAMES ISNT BILT FOR LAG SO YOU GET F***ED IF YOU DO LAG
,Not Recommended,221100,30763924,Posted: 26 March,all,Shadow,"4 wolves and 3 zombies teamed up with hypothermia to make sure that as soon as i found an M4 i died. since when do zombies run faster than you and why do the wolves not also attack zombies? This game is ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, i say wait until full release before buying. IF it gets any better. IF."
76561198045797390,Not Recommended,221100,22975801,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,CharlusMagnus,Could have been a great game but there are no updates. Or almost never and insignifcant ones. Devs are incredibly lazy and arrogant. They forgot that the success of their pre-alpha-since-3-years game come from the trust that was given to them.Too bad we can't get refund
,Not Recommended,221100,29766349,Posted: 7 February,all,Milesy,4 Years of alpha4 Years of bugs4 Years of promises4 Years of lies
,Not Recommended,221100,29784855,Posted: 8 February,all,Iridium,The game is fun however it gets boring very quickly.
76561198118450172,Not Recommended,221100,29705556,Posted: 4 February,all,Rads-Spart,"I have a gtx 1050ti, a core i5 processor, 8 gb of ram, and a msi gaming motherboard. This game should not run like♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it does."
76561198011044638,Not Recommended,221100,29790129,Posted: 8 February,all,Zarc M,"Dayz Mod for Arma 2 was awesome!! and made me want the DayZ game so bad.promissing videos about awesome new feautures like customable cars etc. came out.and it really hyped me up.But then the real game came out. Yeah sure it says WARNING PRE-APLHA, but I rather buy a 10K gaming pc to play Tetris on  than play this buggy sh*t.And the worst part? instead of fixing important things in the game the developers work 6 months on a new version just so you can die from internal diarrhea when not whiping your♥♥♥♥♥with unfindable toilet paper."
76561198055401825,Not Recommended,221100,29794736,Posted: 8 February,all,Tripleagent,Plot twist: Devs are waiting for actual zombie apocalypse to put this game in beta.
76561197989494146,Not Recommended,221100,29803666,Posted: 9 February,all,Magnificus,"Feels like this game killed the love of my life and started wearing its skin, I'll hang out with it just to remember my real love that died long ago."
76561198007072709,Not Recommended,221100,29855935,Posted: 11 February,all,Genghis Jap,"When I bought this game I loved the concept. Start on a beach with nothing but some clothes and search for gear, food and drink to survive. But after a few updates the playability only got worse. The developers of this game will probably never finish it. When they do no one wil know because nobody plays it anymore."
,Not Recommended,221100,29966678,Posted: 16 February,all,Ni9999,I do not ever buy anything from Dean Hall or from Bohemia.
,Not Recommended,221100,29968664,Posted: 16 February,all,Bobby,"Trash game, 11/10 would uninstall again."
,Not Recommended,221100,29971457,Posted: 16 February,all,the dark forest,Overall a rather dissapointing turn in the dayz road. Plagued with performance issues and slow content creation I still cannot say the game has reached the level that the original modded dayz has/had. Can't say id suggest anyone pay for the standalone when there are now so many better options. I am hopeful that something will happen with this game that will spark my interest again but it seems unlikely at this point.
76561198062581864,Not Recommended,221100,30571638,Posted: 17 March,all,BREAKING FRED,Afther 300+ hours of playing i gotta say no!Game is full of bugs and develpment is way to slow.I hope my kids can play the beta version some day!!
76561198063046588,Not Recommended,221100,30780144,Posted: 27 March,all,Nyghtrid3r,How is this still in Alpha?
76561198064985831,Not Recommended,221100,29700318,Posted: 4 February,all,whyudo,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,221100,29881305,Posted: 12 February,all,BURT CRABOLDS,had high hopes for this game. devs are lazy and dont do♥♥♥♥♥♥for it except add the occasional bells and wistles without fixing anything at the core. game is broken and always will be broken.
76561198145355819,Not Recommended,221100,29969415,Posted: 16 February,all,Captain Jack Sparrow,still bad
,Not Recommended,221100,30610466,Posted: 19 March,all,Argodamus,If I could get refund and never play this game again I would.  Sorry. Not Sorry. You want an explanation as to why then just watch General Sam on Youtube.
76561198058096732,Not Recommended,221100,30705236,Posted: 24 March,all,MrKrankle,"absolute garbage. People need to stop making excuses for this game. Crashes all the time, bugged as all hell and this is after 3yrs"
,Not Recommended,221100,30752308,Posted: 26 March,all,LilBiggz,searched 3 town for food only to end up dying from starvation while eating a can of beans i found.
76561198079239725,Not Recommended,221100,29527413,Posted: 27 January,all,Rionmeister,invisable zombies fix this♥♥♥♥♥
76561198095224298,Not Recommended,221100,29975205,Posted: 16 February,all,Kim Jong Il,"Still badly optimized after 2 years..... Gameplay still deficient....Overall, its just the best example of why you should not risk your money on early access games...When a game has been 4 years in early access with minimal improvement, its simply outrageous. Hopefully it gets out of early access as soon as possible in order to get a refund."
76561198078565954,Not Recommended,221100,29611218,Posted: 31 January,all,OmnipotentMidget,How does a company with over 250 employees not have the time or staff to actually get this out of alpha?Just buy Arma 3 and mod itEarly access simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,221100,29861877,Posted: 11 February,all,Grediel,"This game used to be so much fun back in the day I have over 300 hours played but they were mostly over 2 years ago, the game has been on alpha since 2013 and the changes are insanely slow, I swear ONE person working on it responsibly would've done more, I can't believe vehicles aren't still fully implemented since they started adding them when I used to play like 2 years ago like I said.The best part if this game used to be the pvp, but I tried playing this week and it's almost impossible to survive not to mention get to a point where you could pvp like before, there's like no food at all anymore it's stupid, most of my characters just died from starvation. And even though they have added some weapons I kept finding the same 3 over and over and NOT A SINGLE BULLET FOR THEM.The zombies used to be better too, you could avoid being hit with skill and if you were good enough could even kill'em just with your fists in a Dark Souls kinda fight, right now they are like locked missiles once they see you, it's impossible to avoid the first hit, meaning you will bleed a lot and need lots of rags while looting and trying to survive, after you hit 'em once however they become pinhatas as they will stumble from almost any hit, so it just feels like they probably made them too dangerous at some point and then added the stumbling to deal with it, when they could just act as 2 years ago which was far better.All my testing was done on private servers that had loot at max or insane setting and then you could not find any food or actually have a working firearm, you can imagine what the official servers are like, basically you just die from starvation after 30 mins of finding NOTHING. Sounds like fun right? There are dozens of games similar to this one now which are far better, just stay away from this."
76561198068069764,Not Recommended,221100,29993935,Posted: 17 February,all,Lie-Low Ghillie,THIS GAME MAKES ME WANT TO NEVER PLAY IT AGAIN! I GAVE IT A CHANCE. MULTIPLE CHANCES AND ITS TRASH! LOOK HOW MANY HOURS I HAVE! THE DEV TEAM ARE A BUNCH OF LIARS! ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME!
76561198030727768,Not Recommended,221100,29750460,Posted: 6 February,all,Kane,this will never be relesed
76561198056593659,Not Recommended,221100,30341683,Posted: 5 March,all,Kuro,What a ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time.I highly recommend buying arma 3 for exile mod instead
,Not Recommended,221100,29802648,Posted: 9 February,all,Winter,It's been in alpha for 4 years now if that tells you anything about this dev team. It's fun as it is but it had so much potential that just never came to be.
76561198067537026,Not Recommended,221100,31336439,Posted: 24 April,all,ContiniPanchi,"You know a game is a joke when after 3 and half years is still in early access, don't buy this game, because it doesn't deserve support, deserve to be tear down"
,Not Recommended,221100,30817426,Posted: 29 March,all,[HM3] D. Robertson [PTF],listen to me. dont buy
76561197974635064,Not Recommended,221100,13784705,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Reprisal,"Save your money. After a year, the game honestly has just crawled forward in terms of polish and content. Sure they keep adding new coats and hats, but more basic problems persist. Wonky controls, major desync issues, disappearing items, zombies who's only improvement in the last year is that they can no longer clip through everything. Zombies who you'd think would be a major part of gameplay, are to stupid, sparse, and glitchy to be fun or a threat. Who knows if Dayz will ever exit Alpha. Some of the original mods are better developed and the competition is growing fast (H1Z1). Not sure this engine is really up to the vision the devs have either. Avoid, especially at the ludicrous asking price. I paid $30 an I'm still kicking myself. This is a major cash grab by the devs. AVOID!"
76561198003628499,Not Recommended,221100,29227449,Posted: 13 January,all,Gigaparsec,"I've waited three years for this game to be playable. At one point when there were no zombies it was almost tolerable.The zombies are the worst part of this game.They are buggy as ♥♥♥♥. I'm running from a horde and enter a house and close the door behind me soon to find out they're already punching me from behind.So the zombies know every house's layout, they know if the back doors are open or not and run faster than a human.Zombies can go through walls, doors and sometimes punch you from below the house you're standing in.Every time you start the game you get a warning message ""THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS ♥♥♥♥ YOU AND GIVE US YOUR MONEY!""I don't think it's an excuse if you say ""it's a work in progress"" it's been a work in progress since 2013.I have a gaming pc and the frames are unstable. Ranges from 5-90 stable 25 frames when you're in a city.It's funny that the more patches release the more unplayable the game becomes.Also I want to add when this game was developed from arma 2 the arma 3 was soon released afterwards.If this game ever gets a 1.0 patch in 2025 it'll be outdated and obsolete.I'd ask for a refund just to spit on the devs face but I doubt that'll ever happen."
,Not Recommended,221100,29581476,Posted: 30 January,all,T.w² | zoombie,i dare you to buy it
,Not Recommended,221100,29634638,Posted: 1 February,all,Robin,the mod was pretty good.standalone is still not finished 3+ years later
,Not Recommended,221100,30973986,Posted: 5 April,all,TheOnlyElement,this game is walking cicle jerk and if you are a loner dont buy
76561198218502645,Not Recommended,221100,29801663,Posted: 9 February,all,Bigmerlin3000,"Game is on steam December 2013.Dev Update/Hicks 2017Rest assured, the development team is well aware of a good deal of critical issues.The team has been able to make good strides on addressing server crash issues.But we're also tracking a good number of additional issues.We're all aware that these issues are critical to everyone playing.Some of the issues might not make sense to spend time resolving as we're working on the .62 and Beta milestones now.Hang in there and be patient.Seems legit to me."
,Not Recommended,221100,29843126,Posted: 11 February,all,MRPP,"I like survival games, I'm a dolt like that. I've had good fun with ARK, Rust, 7D2D and even Miscreated. But DayZ eludes me for a few reasons, and I'd like to share them. Perhaps this will influence you, dear reader, on whether you should get this game (hint, no).1) DayZ performs REALLY badly. I have an i7-6700, 16gb DDR4 ram, the game is installed on an SSD and my gpu is a GTX1080. Running most modern games should be a cakewalk. DOOM gives me stable 150-160fps on max graphics, hell even ARK is somewhat stable and runs at around 50-60 with everything maxed out. But DayZ you ask? Constant microstuttering, framedrops, wild framerate fluctuations and the game still looks like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ The textures are low quality, the lighting is sub-par, the animations are wank. Only the view distance is probably ok here. So why does the game perform so abysmally? I can't fathom why it can't handle a stable framerate, since stuttering when fighting just means that you will die.2) Dying and respawning. When you respawn, it's in the middle of absolutely nowhere. And there will be no food to be found and barely any items. There are no vehicles, so you run. And run. And run. And you are starving. And there's no food. And you eat worms and apples. And there are no animals. Compared to any other survival game where you spawn in, DayZ has a brutal learning curve that just discourages starting the whole thing. Sure, it's ""hard core survival""  - the feeling of being royally screwed sets in really fast, but it doesn't mean it's FUN. Even the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ food/drink system in ARK feels great compared to this.3) No loot. Since the game is all about looting, it's weird how bad the loot is. Sure there's clothes and shoes and random guns, but it's not interesting. And apparently in the 0.61 version it's bugged too. The coastal areas have very little loot even on empty servers, and definitely no food to go around. The feeling I get is ""why bother"", and I just go and play something else.4) Overall feel. DayZ is built on the foundations of ArmA, and it shows. The game feels sluggish, archaic and convoluted for the sake of being that. I'd like to compare the control scheme to say...Rainbow Six Siege. Both games have simlar movement options available to you, but Siege is smooth, whilst DayZ is arthritic. Everything stutters, has innane amounts of delay - and I'm not sure if it's intentional or just bad performance and you mostly and up clipping into something. Melee feels really bad, since hitboxes are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the delay makes calculating hits hard, and it's punishing as hell. Yeah, you aren't supposed to fight the zombies in melee, but give me a break. I want the zombies to be deadly, and not because the game sucks.Overall, this grand dad of the survival game genre has been vastly outperformed by every single contender out there. It's just that bad. It's just not fun. There are no reasons to pick this up, especially given the pricepoint, since you can just get a better game. Want that gritty realism - Miscreated is better (even though it's janky as fuark). Want zombies - 7 Days to Die. Crafting is better in any friggin other game too. Gunplay goes to Rust. Why bother with this."
,Not Recommended,221100,30955329,Posted: 4 April,all,HonoredGamer,"If you love a game where you run for 20 miles just to find a gun with no ammo and a city with absolutly no food or water so you end up dying and starting all over then this is the game for you. Loot in this game is terrible, cities either have a hat or some bs clothes. never can find food when you need it. Ive spent already 6 hours of running to find food and water only to die before arriving at a town... then respawn and have the same issue. Your character has to eat or drink every 10-15 mins or he'll starve/passout. Vehicles are non-exsistant. Zombies can hit you through walls teliport to you or just swing at you from miles away and some how hit you. I once had to hit a zombie 34 times with a prod to kill it. Passing out = dead. you might find an empty gun every once in a while but chances are you will die before you find ammo. ratio on searching is 40 house equals an empty gun and no food or water. time and time again I find myself running all the way to major cities and there is barely anything to loot.. servers that say high loot are basicly saying ""hey we make tons of clothes and other pointless stuff spawn, but still no food or water"". This game is not worth $35, at most I would say maybe $15. Im going to play for another day to see what its like to actually live long enough to find food and water...."
,Not Recommended,221100,29913332,Posted: 13 February,all,Dankiel,Can't really talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game because it's in alpha but don't buy it.
76561198089605165,Not Recommended,221100,31086145,Posted: 11 April,all,hexrain12,After playing thousands of hours of Dayz and only 50 of PU: Battlegrounds I have to say: ♥♥♥♥ you Bohemia! Fix you ♥♥♥♥ing game you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
76561198039908297,Not Recommended,221100,29906614,Posted: 13 February,all,BlackCawffee,I cannot reccomend this game in Early Access.
76561198251272230,Not Recommended,221100,30693858,Posted: 23 March,all,Spicerino,"This game is not what i thought. Not good loot respwn time. Also the game is all servers, I was hopping to just play by my self and a friend but insted u had to play in a server. i do not reccommend this game. (lots of bugs!)"
76561197965982516,Not Recommended,221100,30977549,Posted: 6 April,all,SubZer0,"gave em three years time. nothing changed - and if - for the worse.zombies still running through walls oh and ofc at the same speed as the player. for MILES. rotten flesh sure wont break apart at that strain...no why even think about it.   u cant loose em. and one slight hit and u bleed to death - nothing to counter that. funfunfunloottable still been ♥♥♥♥ in, nothing to find.devs r clowns and so are their mods on the forum. a big mafialike cousinbang, one covers the other so noone finds out the truth until u already payd them for this ♥♥♥♥. VERY questionable method, steam !does NOT deserve a single buck. devs r lazy and get nothing useful accomplished.  dont buy, unless ure a fan of another ""nether"" kind of ripoff.addendum : they also dont like getting critizised on forums or people who state facts and the truth. instaban never been easier - says everything someone should know about this nice folks. better buy a 6 pack of beer or something then feeding the fat moneygrabbing trolls. ""u talk u get banhammered"".if u ask me this game should be banned from steamstore - gives steam a bad reputation. look up ""nether"" ....same♥♥♥♥♥♥here."
,Not Recommended,221100,31130119,Posted: 13 April,all,newtee2,"""let's never finish the game"""
76561198000243674,Not Recommended,221100,29877636,Posted: 12 February,all,FlaiL,"This game hasn't really changed much since I bought it. Zombies don't run through walls anymore, so that is a bonus. It is a glitchy pile of crap. I have never played a glitchier, sloppy game. I highly suggest NOT buying this game, as it seems like the devs have simply given up.You will spend HOURS gathering loot. But there will always be that one vital thing that is nowhere to be found, then, you die. I imagine playing in groups would be okay, I did for a while, but loot is so scarce it would take an eternity.Start with a  backpack would be a treat.72 hours on record and I think I've had a real gun once. Then died from a zombie popping up through the ground I believe. You run around for literal hours, trying to find a tidbit of gear. Like give us bloody bicycles at least."
,Not Recommended,221100,30618471,Posted: 19 March,all,Azure,How to abuse the early access system: DayZ.
,Not Recommended,221100,30328066,Posted: 4 March,all,Rawhide Kobayashi,"DayZ > Walking simulator.♥♥♥♥ this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game, do not buy it."
,Not Recommended,221100,29636509,Posted: 1 February,all,Graham,The progress this game has been made at makes me want to cry.
,Not Recommended,221100,29855557,Posted: 11 February,all,Брайан ~ Ебать у матери,30 Of my hours where spent running<1 Of my hours was spent fighting4 Of my hours were spent trying to find my friends2 Of my hours were spent trying to fix glitched items (Trying to find items that went missing when they get dropped)4 years and still early alpha? Supposed release data around the same as Half Life 3
,Not Recommended,221100,30755112,Posted: 26 March,all,Regron,"I bought this game back in 2013 because I had big hopes for it. Now it's 2017, still a piece of crap, still early access.But at least I learned not to trust early access and zombie survival games."
76561198016444921,Not Recommended,221100,17982456,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Polar,"Too clunky, too buggy, too laggy and too slow to progress. Dont spend your money on this, there are tons of better open world zombie games out there.These questions answer it all:Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?“At the current time the core development of the base DayZ game is projected to run between 2.5 to 3 years. (Putting the departure from Early Access at approximately mid 2016)” pfff yeah right.How are you planning on involving the Community in your development process?“no comment”How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?“no comment”Dont bother people."
,Not Recommended,221100,32592848,Posted: 20 June,all,The lad -iwnl-,I paid so $30 for this buggy mess. We've been scammed kids.
76561198044953128,Not Recommended,221100,16603591,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SkullTaker,"Had this game a long time.  I bought it from release and gave it more than enough opportunity, and I can say do NOT spend your money on this game.  It is absolutely not worth your time and has become the main reason why I will no longer support games when they are in early development.  What a scam."
,Not Recommended,221100,18365024,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,neon-luck (king of bad memes),when I got it everything was lagy.  And now I can't even play it because ever time I load it up the screen goes black and i heave to turn my PC off
,Not Recommended,221100,13740724,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Haydrico Pizzaro,"I brought this game not long after it was released and I did enjoy it for a time ignoring buggy deaths and fps drops. However after revisiting the game recently zombies can still glitch through walls, hackers fly around killing people and the majority of gear other people have is usually hacked/duplicated in. I want to like this game however near no progress as been made since its release back in December last year which is why I don't recommend this game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,221100,17779763,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Zyron,"This game has to many people hoping it can be good, I believe it can be but my hope is drifting away. Dayz has so much potential but the development team doesnt simply fix bugs as fast as they should, yes I understand this in alpha but the game has been in this state for such a long time that people such as myself begin to forget about dayz and move on to the next big thing.Dayz can be great, I believe it can be but if it takes this much time to update/patch bugs and add new features and eventually leaving the alpha stages then dayz will be a forgotten dust pile sitting by the road watching its competitors run past.If you enjoy bugs and lag then go ahead, buy this game, if you dont then dont buy it, simple as that, yes its in alpha but at this point it feels it will never be as great as well all hoped it could be."
76561198038260174,Not Recommended,221100,24818308,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Seshayn,This game will never be finished. It will never be released. Do not buy this game. It is a scam. Seriously. This game. Is. A. Scam. Do not buy it. You are wasting your time.
,Not Recommended,221100,28510844,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Flower ..!..,"Real talk,Don't buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game, ever even if it 'leaves alpha' its forever gonna be♥♥♥♥♥♥ guaranteed."
76561197970823749,Not Recommended,221100,29074669,Posted: 6 January,all,Sickbag,"save your coin,and buy beer and woman,not this pile of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,31118955,Posted: 13 April,all,Pilotrogers,"Well this game has been in Alpha since 2013, I guess they got rich and stopped production.  It at one point had good potential but now its just an over priced out dated Alpha game which has been outdated by time and other better games."
76561198127544376,Not Recommended,221100,25716488,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ohh yeah boi,"I like the game but I can never find any food or weapon's and I always spawn out in the woods and die of hunger or of thirst, you need to change that"
76561198060030217,Not Recommended,221100,26117711,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Zep,Can't wait for my grandchildren's grandchildren to play the beta.0／10 would never play this again.
,Not Recommended,221100,17232280,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,rabeez,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
76561198078299443,Not Recommended,221100,18337149,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Nukke92,"Hey guys just wanted to poke my head in and see if you're still in alpha stage...mhm, okay bye."
,Not Recommended,221100,33322069,Posted: 6 July,all,^Dr. Linus,"Total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this Game, too much hype and then nothing has been accomplished in 4 freaking years. Its still in Alpha and it will never leave that, even if they say its Final we all know the Game is so broken that it is beyond being fixable.Sad too see such a good concept being wasted."
,Not Recommended,221100,33207985,Posted: 3 July,all,Remus,4 years and nothing to show for it
76561198267951924,Not Recommended,221100,33355501,Posted: 7 July,all,Kim Jong Fun!,"boring, nothing happened"
,Not Recommended,221100,16562195,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Naarb,"Pirate this game instead of buying it if you want to try it out.Your $30 will go towards developing Arma III and other future Bohemia Interactive Titles instead of Day Z.If you want a better DayZ, stick to the Arma 2 mod as this one is a total mess and a downgrade from that, plus this version will never get finished since Dean Hall basically said ""Thanks for the money, I don't wanna be like Notch (minecraft)"" and ran off to do other projects."
,Not Recommended,221100,18194428,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Buns,"If u want to buy this game.... THINK AGAIN!!!! This is a bad game. You need a $5,000 computer to get 30 FPS on this game or otherwise ur going to die from starvation then when u respawn you take the bannana that you couldnt pick up because you lag to hard and you shove it up ur ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Then you get shot in the head by some ""Hacker"" from across the map that 360 no Scoped you while hes fapping to Kim K while his 12 man ""Friendly"" squad camps for hours in a air feild prision.......You would think that people would be cool and act like real life. BUT NOOOOOOO as soon as u turn ur sorry♥♥♥♥♥he beats you with the can of beans that he pulled out of his♥♥♥♥♥♥hole..... Then they ALWAYS say ""Never trust anyone in dayz"". So i give this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥40/3 for how ♥♥♥♥ing dumb it is."
76561198151739956,Not Recommended,221100,33305337,Posted: 6 July,all,PINECONES IN MY URETHRA,"it's never going anywhere, refund it if you still can.0/10"
,Not Recommended,221100,17257449,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Bambisquad CSOFFER.ME,This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The developers cant fix anything about it. Zombies are autistic lumps of meat that do nothing but block you. People run faster with weapons then you do without one. The entire game is begging some russian ♥♥♥♥head not to shoot you because the pvp zones are fresh spawn zones. Dont buy the game. Its terrible.You can spend 1 hour looting up and lose it to a fresh spawns punch in seconds. You have to join different servers to loot because loot doesnt cycle for 6 hours and by that time everything but your grandfathers condoms are taken.You close a door to keep zombies out theyll go through a ♥♥♥♥ing back door. Cuz ofc they know its there. The zombies hoard like its your mother giving out free blow jobs...Ill probably be banned from reviewing after this ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198131559184,Not Recommended,221100,30931255,Posted: 3 April,all,PapiRabi,Wtf still early access oh yeah the new tree update is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198068782922,Not Recommended,221100,30931312,Posted: 3 April,all,cool celery,clunky ballsack
76561197961369724,Not Recommended,221100,31186900,Posted: 16 April,all,Giftig,This is the worst money extortion know to man!! Truth be known people!!!
,Not Recommended,221100,31187147,Posted: 16 April,all,Yellow Square Sponge,Why is this thing still on steam?
,Not Recommended,221100,16500162,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,wesbot,dayz sucks.joining a friendly server and get shot inmediatly. nice.... this game is soo stupid never buy it.. and lagg as hell... i cant even typ this discussion ingame
,Not Recommended,221100,16988101,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,monkaS,not sure how we havent all been issued a refund yet...feel bad for the people who got it day 1
,Not Recommended,221100,17976766,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Balcoran,Zombies can still glitch through doors and walls. its been in early access for 2 years. They take your money and bail on the project. What a waste of money this game was. Please god don't give these a-holes anymore money.
76561198069230116,Not Recommended,221100,18113490,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Tuppy44,"Bought this game as Alpha release for $29.99 nearly 2 yrs ago in Jan 2014..  Almost 2016 and it has literally not changed from the day i first played it in 2014.  Que the laughing sitcom audience when i first clicked the ""purchase button"" soo many years ago.  Sad day...  Back to the future and i am shocked there isn't a ""Lemon Law"" for video games that claim to be in production but instead just steal your money."
76561197970687769,Not Recommended,221100,16198196,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,-WeReWoLf-,"- If I were a betting man, I'd put money on it never being released.- Has (had) potential and deserves recognition for pretty much starting the whole open world survival craze.- Do not buy in it's current state. Save your money for when (if) it's fully completed."
76561198002755899,Not Recommended,221100,22330092,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,=RWG= Devils_Demon,"Buy Arma 2 or Arma 3, this projects dev team works at the lowest pace ive seen. They even pulled the creator off this project so he could go climb a mt or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like that."
76561197982535700,Not Recommended,221100,22818563,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nacho,Still ALPHA hahahah
76561198025856741,Not Recommended,221100,23393750,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,manoffallout,"DON'T BUY IT. Creators of this game abandoned it and this game will never come close to release. This game is a perfect example of how a good idea can be turned into $ for creators and sh@t for players.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, cruel and unfair gameplay, TONNS of cheaters (since code leaked in the web).FU CK this game I wish I could get my $$$ back."
76561198135244969,Not Recommended,221100,31754847,Posted: 14 May,all,Privet Andrej,"This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥because its glichy the devs are are so slow on updates, there are almost none interactions only KOS, i dont even know how is it so fun for other people to KOS  this isn't even a survival game but it should be because almost everyone is gliching apples, and you dont need anything to drink or eat, but i think this game is going to be finished but it has along way to go, if you want a good survival game its definitely not the one that you should buy for 27,99€."
,Not Recommended,221100,18313671,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,The Clash at Demonhead,run forrest ruuuunnnnn
,Not Recommended,221100,18433960,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Boomstick,"If you want to be consistently be killed on sight and try to be kind to others, this game is for you. I tried to have a change of heart when it comes to this game, and try to not kill people on sight. I honestly have fun getting killed when I try to be nice and help out others. This game rewards those that love to run around and shoot everything that moves. It rarely ever rewards those that be friendly to others. In general, if you want to play this game and die as a fresh spawn or a geared player, this is for you. If you bought this pile of wasted potential Dean Hall abandoned, I feel sorry for you. If you are looking to buy this game, ask yourself this question, ""Will I be a comeplete jerk towards others or will I try to help out people and kill those that kill with no purpose?"" I honestly pray that to whomever is reading this review, they try to be helpful instead of a complete jerkoff that runs around and kills people left and right. If you own this game and are the person that kills on sight, I hope you die in a fire. Now, being a complete jerk and being a bandit are two different things. The jerk just kills everything that breathes whilst the bandit takes what he needs, and may even let you go (or not). I honestly like being robbed and not just killed on sight because it shows that all people that play this game aren't comeplete scum.tl;dr consider the purchase of this game and prepare yourself for a ""community"" that is beyond toxic and utter crap and will just teach you to hate everyone.  It taught me how to hate everyone, but I am slowly trying to break the habit of killing all I meet because it really isn't fun for others (like freshies) to be killed on sight with nothing (or perhaps, something). But, admist the♥♥♥♥♥♥this game has to offer, there are some that are not gonna kill you on sight (or people that will with an actual good reason other than for leisure)."
76561198068602752,Not Recommended,221100,18648964,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Athilius,"I don't know why I even bothered with an early access game. Terribly optimized, it barley runs at all, and the controls are utter garbage. DO NOT buy this because youtubers made it look fun. Those videos took hours to make. Early access can be done right, but this is the opposite of that."
,Not Recommended,221100,19929507,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,-CML-Dzire,"Not anywhere near ready. DayZ mod is in a better state than this game,"
76561197991610311,Not Recommended,221100,20197388,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,-|WaD|-Aubotron,They took our money and walked away...If you want to play Dayz..Use the arma 2 mod.Dont waste your money here.
76561198079755448,Not Recommended,221100,20240214,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,ultrazord megamide prime,this game sucks serious♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,21512435,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,ϟϟOps23234ϟϟ,"If your new to days your grahpics will be♥♥♥♥♥♥ the keys will be forein to you and you have no clue were to go and get lost trying to find the Millitary base. I dont reccomend it. A large jump will break your leg. Ive jumped higher then the middle floor of a barn and never broke my leg. The game is not good, used to like it"
,Not Recommended,221100,21743855,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,LilleN,cuz iz bäd
,Not Recommended,221100,21798556,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Stargate,I expected more after 3 years.
,Not Recommended,221100,21861845,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,OnyxBlackSmith,Three words: Arma 3 Desolation.
76561198090340574,Not Recommended,221100,22326756,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,AGVKrioni,"If this game was ever going to advance or be finished or even become remotely playable other than brief stints of PvP, it would have already happened. Other ""knock-off"" games have come out well after and have already built up and surpassed this Alpha game beyond any expectation."
,Not Recommended,221100,18436451,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,<O>,"Don't get this. If you have watched the videos of hunting, vehicle driving, awesome weapons etc etc etc you'll be disappointed. I have searched through many servers and most of them there is no items/ weapons etc and that is going in servers named ""high loot"". Horrible zombie animation/sound, horrible zombie glitches with them running if you call that animation running neck height through the ground. People camping in little 2-5 man groups in main city areas, fully loaded, ready to make your life become a respawn. This game is satans armpit with zombie glitches and children squatting there abused a in your face.Date 12/10/2015."
,Not Recommended,221100,18654647,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,+*RumplySkooter*+,"Full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, trust noone, ever.spend hours collecting lootrun across people who say they are friendly and chat a bit, get shot in face, lose all desire to play game.granted there are no zombies rn so people are bored but come on."
,Not Recommended,221100,18687137,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Bloodklat,"Bought this game in December 2013, and now it's October 2015. Almost 2 full years of early access. This game died before it got released. Not recommended. Then even refused to give me my refund after tricking me into buying an unifished product 2 years ago."
76561198025257368,Not Recommended,221100,18981637,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,the.fatal.cure,"Been stuck in pre-release for years while other developers made better games from scratch. This is just a cash and grab game and unfortunately, I bought into the hype."
,Not Recommended,221100,21114216,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Blake,"Too many unfulfilled promises and still in ""early access alpha"" after almost 3 years."
,Not Recommended,221100,18588382,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Oppai,I can get more frames out of a powerpoint presentation than I can out of this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,18669455,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Kyle,Dayz has tarnished the concept of Early Access game releases. I'll no longer buy any game in early access because of how the Dayz team has handled their release. The game has been in development for 2 years and still has huge bugs. The release date is no where in sight. Also the last time I played there weren't even any zombies. I would suggest that you don't buy this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,18681938,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Kentius,"What was once a talked about and anticipated game, has now become the memories of our past. We all thought Dayz would shape up to become one of the best zombie open world games. Dayz doesn't match to anything. State of Decay, Dying Light, and H1Z1 are just the few examples of games that are much better. Do not get this game.3/10"
76561197977794552,Not Recommended,221100,18682660,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,The Gunisher,"This game still isn't worth buying and is along way from being so. It essentially suffers from the problem that's inherent to most Bohemia games, which is poor performance. Basically they've got a great looking engine, but they've never been able to really get past the poor performance issues. DayZ is apparently now being developed with a new engine, but this could take years to sort out.I played this again recently after I bought this game near enough day 1 on release, and really apart from extra content I can't see that they've really resolved any of the main structural problems. Zombies still are basically broken (to the enxtent they've had to remove them from the game), vehicles are in but buggy as hell and that goes for most of the other features in the game. In short this game still has a long way to go before it becomes an enjoyable game for me.Basically I'd wait for them to do a final release for the game and then do what they had to do with Arma 3 and patch the hell out of it to actually get it to a state where it has a decent fps. So in other words come back in about 2017-18 and check progress.**So here I am in August 2017 I've played a few extra hours what's new? Well I don't know if maybe some of you are old enough to remember Monty Python and the Holy Grail, but there's a scene where John Cleese is  like 100m away from running toward these guards and not getting any closer. The guards are looking at him then to each other like 'err... wtf' kind of way. Then suddenly blam he's right on them! Well I was delighted to be reminded of this in DayZ a Zombie was following me and I was like those guards 'cool he's 100m away I've got thinking time'. Boy was I mistaken when he magically appeared next to me. So Zombies are still broken then (this wasn't the only observed error in 3 or so hours of gameplay). In fairness however they are at least back in the game and do somewhat actually acknowledge buildings now (when they're not clipping through them) so there has been some improvement in the 2 years since I wrote this review. Hey maybe in another 2-3 years I can review the completed game!In general the game's UI still seems at best clunky with it's own internal logic that works, but is just annoying to use. If you're used to ARMA games it's ok (ok is the best way to describe it), but if not it's like you have to put together a weird holistic puzzle.**"
76561198149765885,Not Recommended,221100,18688037,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Redbeard,This game is worthless do not buy this game this game is not worth the price and STEAMS 2 hour play policy for returns is ridiculous when it takes at least 20 minutes to get the game running 0/10 hands down.
76561197994037090,Not Recommended,221100,18693433,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Rak3,"The game has been in early access for nearly 2 years and has seen very little true development. The fact that this game is in early access does not excuse it from being rubbish on virtually all accounts - graphics, gameplay, sound. Not even mentioning the bugs. Really cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,18580987,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Shroomhead,"♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing glitchy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I bought this game near-enough two years ago and it's still a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they'll never make it playable because it's EARLY ACCESS. Do you want to know what that means? it means that now the developers have raked in all the cash so they have no ♥♥♥♥ing drive to finish the game.I'm getting a ♥♥♥♥ing refund for this garbage, i'm not waiting any longer."
76561198215830875,Not Recommended,221100,17998544,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Maomi,I agree with all the other reviews. Almost 3 years and it has nothing to show for it. A complete waste of time and money.
76561198007425058,Not Recommended,221100,18360513,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Neo,"The more they *develop* this game, the more I wish I had contracted stage 99♥♥♥♥♥Cancer instead of buying this.Nobody wants to play Running Simulator to link up with friends just to get killed by a bug/glitch.Nobody wants to play a game with 50 people if they're running 15fps because it's unoptimized.Save yourself the trouble and wait for the developers to enable mod support.If the game's going to ever be playable, it'll be with extensive community modification."
,Not Recommended,221100,18680093,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,a complete dumbass,They have had three years to make a mockery of a great Arma II mod that had some bugs. I guess they felt the need to make a standalone version that was loaded with glitches even after 3 years of taking our money and doing anything but working on it. I am sorely dissapointed in this game. It could have been someting great but greed and lazyness took preference over creativity and genuine coding skill. I do not recommend supporting this game in any way. I purchased this because I played the Dayz mod for a long time and enjoyed it immensely. Unfortunately they took a working mod and created a broken (Alpha for 3 years) game from it. This is the legacy Rocket will leave behind.
,Not Recommended,221100,18765213,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,That Guy,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!IT IS VAPORWARE!This game had a lot of promise and potential and they squandered it all.The game is an incomplete boring mess, and for a game that's supposed to be about zombies, good luck finding one before you starve to death or die of dehydration.DO NOT BUY THIS!"
,Not Recommended,221100,19120281,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Scully,"To be honest for those who don't have the game or are looking to buy the game, don't, do not come near this game until its completed 100%. I have my fair share of gametime and yet, I still strongly dislike this title. It has been in development for over two years with little progress. It's kind of sad when you really think about it. It breaks my heart to not recommend it to people but its the honest truth, also, I don't have the heart to uninstall becasue I alwasy have a random drive to play the game and think, hey, maybe it'll be different this time. You can't join high populated server in search for PvP becasue the odds are you will die by a hacker of some sort. I can say that i have not died due to a real gunfight or pvp in atleast two months simply because small♥♥♥♥♥♥hackers find it okay to /kill you or however that♥♥♥♥♥♥goes. The anti-cheat system these guys use is equal to rotten dogshit. Yeah a ban here or there but unlike H1Z1 which is a game that I do not favor over dayZ in any way, their anti cheat seems to work well with the amount of people banned due to cheating or working with a cheater. All I want and probably every real DayZ player wants is a good quality finished game. Unfortunately, the community with contiue to have these bad apples that ruin it for the rest until the devs feel like giving a ♥♥♥♥ about their lost cause of a game. One day guys, but today is not that day."
,Not Recommended,221100,18724569,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Frenchy,"Awful game with awful devs, don't buy"
76561198009898141,Not Recommended,221100,18738192,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,DanAction,"This game is a prime example of how to NOT do early access. It's just a buggy mess that is infinitely worse than the DayZ mod on ARMA II. It's also been in early access for three years, which just goes to show how the devs are probably abandoning ship, since they've already made their money. Spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,221100,18759985,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,✪ Pandabär,Remove zombies for fps boost that's messed up the reason I played this game was cause of the zombies
76561197986739172,Not Recommended,221100,18774862,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Starvald Demelain,The standalone is worse than the mod it is based from.
,Not Recommended,221100,18890344,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,AJ  Monteen,"One of the Worst Games i have ever played.....Extremely Buggie and boring, the combat system blows bananas and to even run it on high settings with GTX 980 still gives you 30 frames lol..I dont even see how this game was allowed to be made and the Price is nearly Comical! For this type of Game..Definately should be in the $10 Dollar range and thats me being Nice....."
76561198068726710,Not Recommended,221100,18621308,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Doodlebob,"So I built a computer that can run anything, launched dayz, then proceeded to run the game at low settings to obtain a incredible 25fps. Came across a racist hacker, died. Found a shipwreck, found gear, then fell off the ledge because I couldn't stop running, glitched through the side rail and fell to my death yet again. -10/0 such awful, much crap"
,Not Recommended,221100,18845869,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,[Pgp] Norwegian,"Do not buy the game in it's current state.Glitchy, buggy, etc."
76561198119168976,Not Recommended,221100,18883356,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,[38NC.H]Pvt. AidsAhoy,"♥♥♥♥ing Devs, what a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Seriously ♥♥♥♥ this laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,221100,21935263,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,[SPQR] LastLegend,Nope
76561197982065465,Not Recommended,221100,33173399,Posted: 3 July,all,Francoa,"DONT BUY THIS GAME. That is my first advice. I have been patient a lot,but, except better visuals, even the first DAYZ mod was mire entertaining and playable. It is hard to describe how does it feel,to wait years and years and still the game is on start line. Yes, it could become a great game, but the studio was extremely slow in development ( even though they had made such a astronomical sales), the game is still same as 5 yrs ago. I did enjoy it, in the hype time when it was released and i was full of expectations...but now,the game is still unfinished and already old. Maybe,maybe in 2-3 yrs, it will be half way done, but i think, we will just end up with it.Im sure the studio is already taking some cheap road to somehow ""finish"" it. Why would they really put effort in it, when there is fee thousands people playing daily..out of few millions who bought the game! From business perspective,the profit is done, it was a dream profit and now, even when they finish it, the additional sales will be maybe few more percent, so, trust me, they know..that is why their work is already limited. Simply said, the game is dead.DONT BUY, take Arma 3 and playthe mods"
,Not Recommended,221100,33355970,Posted: 7 July,all,DasPartyPooper,Remmemberd this game were in my library so i went to dislike it
,Not Recommended,221100,18260335,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,PizzaCake!,"I've always liked DayZ. There really isn't a game quite like it. Some may try to make games like it but they wont get as entertaining as DayZ. So why do I not recommend this game?Well when I started playing I apparently didn't have a standard for framerate. And really! If you don't mind the horrible framerate then I would recommend DayZ! But I seriously can't stand the framerate! It doesn't really matter where you are in the game. You won't get 60 FPS or above even with a hardcore gaming rig. The Arma engine is NOT a good engine. It does not utilize your computers hardware efficiently and the optimization is sooo bad! But it's great at SINGLE CORE PERFORMANCE I guess?! What's the point of having an i7 4 core hyperthreading CPU if the engine can't work with more than one core? Also: 32 bit only? Well heck! Maybe if they used a 64 bit engine it would get way better performance!I honestly wish they would use a different engine to make DayZ. The Arma engine is an old buggy mess.I also have a question: How are they EVER going to make this run ATLEAST 15 FPS on consoles when my 780 Ti and i7 and 16 GB 1600 MHz RAM barly gets 30 FPS in towns?!And there's guides to make the game run better?! This shouldn't even be a thing! There shouldn't have to be some random guy go ""If you edit these config files and add these parameters you will get 2 extra FPS"". It should be the devs who should go ""How can we make this game run with even more FPS so it isn't vomit inducing?"". I'm a free time game developer and game optimization is ALWAYS on my mind when I make games. Eny software developer of any kind should constantly be thinking of optimization.A tip for developers: Think of a way to optimize the part of your software you want to make -> Make it with the optimization you thought of -> Test it -> Optimize it further -> Go back to ""Test it"" untill it runs buttery smooth -> Repeat untill development is complete.Optimization can be boring but you will end up with a product you are a gazillion times more proud of. I would honestly not be that proud if I had made DayZ. Simply because of really bad optimization.I would like to stop my rant review here but gosh darn'it! You can't just add stuff untop of uncomplete stuff all the time! That's like if you wanna make a tower but you use Jenga bricks to do it and you just throw the bricks instead of carefully placing them. The tower will most likley fall over really quickly but you just keep throwing bricks. Stop throwing bricks! Pick every prick up and stack them nicely so everyone can have a nice game of Jenga instead of a game of instant game over because you already tumbled the tower before the game even began."
,Not Recommended,221100,18689773,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,MURKaNINJA,Had finally started to get very familiar with map and town names..... now the game crashes upon start up even after re-downloading 3x10/10
,Not Recommended,221100,18762752,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,GRINBU,Development team is horrible i have been following the game for 2 years and nothings changed in the fun way.loot in populated servers is nowhere to be found . if you want loot u have to play alone
76561197998722205,Not Recommended,221100,22343752,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,SlaveMaster,Never ending ALPHA.
76561198278435686,Not Recommended,221100,22596205,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,MoNo,its a bad game but it is also in beta dont recomend this game right now
,Not Recommended,221100,23099933,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Trouble2,Just give up hope. Game will never be better than it currently it is... and currently its♥♥♥♥♥
76561198049863310,Not Recommended,221100,18920415,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Kaliko,Lazy Dev Team Do Not Buy!
76561197999184157,Not Recommended,221100,18478681,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Monty,"The official soundtrack to this game should be ""Take the money and Run"" by The Steve Miller Band."
76561198121056986,Not Recommended,221100,23000413,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,fog_tripper,"Have had this game for quite a while now. Decided to reinstall recently to see how it is coming along, and it is a steaming pile. Worse than a couple years ago. They haven't even been able to have zombies in the game, yet they have increased the silliness level with adding useless key-bound actions like spinning revolver cylinders and cycling actions. Game runs like your high end PC is an Atari 2600 (no offense to the 2600). I would strongly recommend anyone looking at this game to rather purchase ArmA 2 or 3 and play Day Z 100x better, and have a slew of other free mods to play with them.This game is flat out terrible."
,Not Recommended,221100,18358593,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Puppy,DayZ? More like starving sim.3/10 whould try to find food for 45 minutes then die again!
,Not Recommended,221100,18741291,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dosman,"massive potential but extremely bad performance, game mechanics are not even beta, everything is clunky and I get on a decent setup on 720p with everything low only 13fps. Not worth buying in this state"
76561198096301695,Not Recommended,221100,23015639,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,SkipFlanigan,If I found a fully operational McDonalds in the game I would still starve to death
,Not Recommended,221100,23121279,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Galaxy Defender,"Bought 2014 it was terrible in every way.Thought too give it some time, and just unistall it for a while.Installed and played today and it feels like nothing changed in 2 years.Dont buy this game."
76561198112955697,Not Recommended,221100,23258630,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Running simulator
76561198106919014,Not Recommended,221100,22048313,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Michael,This ♥♥♥♥ing game will not run dont buy it. it is a bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥ the owners are a bunch of scaming♥♥♥♥♥♥♥fix the ♥♥♥♥ing game then let people buy it you fat ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,22759198,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Nijat Mursali,didnt like
,Not Recommended,221100,20900439,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Voodoo,"What was to be one of the greatest survival games of all time, became this disaster.Now, how to make some cookies.2 Mix sugars, butter, vanilla and egg in large bowl.Stir in flour, baking soda and salt (dough will be stiff).Stir in nuts and chocolate chips.Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls about 2 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheet.Oven should be heated to about 375ºF.Bake the cookies for 8 to 10 minutes.Cool slightly; remove from cookie sheet. Cool on wire rack."
76561197998776914,Not Recommended,221100,25702108,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Spotz,"This game was supposed to be a good game, i was realy hyped for it. I have played DayZ mod alot, 24/7 even. And when i heard this was coming out it was awsome. But when the days came, weeks, months even years and still no progress? oh, sorry a few new weapons and outfits and stuff... But this is Early access afther 3, almost 4 years since realese. comon guys! u have a good idea and a good game and people that want this game to be complete, so complete it !!! u guys have lost me until the game is done... So dont buy this game before its done or atleast when they are starting to making more progress and update it more often... this game is death, play mod instead !"
76561197979311189,Not Recommended,221100,27528996,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Skor,"One day I'll sit down wondering what my future grandchildren are playing,  only to die of a sudden heart attack when I realize DayZ is finally out of early access."
76561198099673649,Not Recommended,221100,28194395,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cannibalmerk,"I would love this game if it wasn't so damn buggy!!!!!!!!!! It's an amazing concept, beautiful scenery, decent challenge but it just plows you right in the corn hole every chance it gets! I'm not talking about it being an overly difficult game either, I can handle that. Your status gets bugged randomly which ends up killing you. Items you put on the ground just disappear randomly. I spent several hours getting a working vehicle and the damn thing just disappeared on me after a few minutes of driving around! What in the blue blazing hell are the developers even doing to this game?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!? Stop circle jerking and get this game working! Nobody gives a crap about some dusty old guy zombie skin! They want the game to work! This game is getting worse that Star Citizen! ""Oh this game is going to be amazing... Eventually.... Still working on it.... Keep giving us money.... oooooo look, a new skin on a thing!... No, still not functioning properly..... Not yet...... Hold on.... Almost there.... LOL jk!"" Seriously? Screw you guys for screwing over your fan base. You promised an awesome game, got about half way and then shoved your thumbs in your♥♥♥♥♥and walked out."
,Not Recommended,221100,29075045,Posted: 6 January,all,Jaydawg182,The game has been out for a while and the bugs are still everywhere. I understand that it's in alpha but it hasn't changed much since the release date.
76561198032063261,Not Recommended,221100,31097025,Posted: 12 April,all,Haus,"Right now, I wouldn't recommend this game for quite a few reasons, I have been playing it since it came out, here are some of the things wrong with it:1) It's been in Development for YEARS with extremely slow progression.2) There are quite a few bugs, animation, looting, invisible items, player interactions, disappearing gear.3) There's no real challenge to the game, you either starve because of no food(Loot) or you get killed by a player.4) Zombies are of no threat at all.5) There's no means of global communication making for a very lonesome play experience, if you do find someone, one of the two are not going to be walking away.6) The map is so vast and things are so far spread apart it takes hours to get a fair distance,  it needs some form of faster travel other than spending 2-3 days fixing a car, just to have it disappear from a bug.7) Very little firearm selection, all but 2-3 melee weapons actually live up to their real-life comparison as far as damage goes ....But they're working on that too ...Since last year.Maybe in about 4 years, come back and check on it, maybe watch some honest youtube videos or something, until then, forget about it."
,Not Recommended,221100,20451417,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Swishers,This game doesn't deserve to be on the store.Buy Arma 2 or 3 and join community-driven servers if you're looking for a true Survival experience.
,Not Recommended,221100,21283921,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Squidward Testicles,♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Not Recommended,221100,21310749,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,goat boi,I wish the refund system was implemented around the time I bought this load of trash.
,Not Recommended,221100,21435085,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Wi11Pow3r,With DayZ you have a choice:Spend $35 on an unfinished game that will most likely stay that way and has awful gameplayorBy Arma Combined Operations for $25 (if you don't already have them) and download a free mod that is what this game was supposed to be.
76561198082602055,Not Recommended,221100,21674504,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,titan3:16,"GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥..plz for ♥♥♥♥ sake DO NOT waste your money on this garbage game, you wont even be able to play because of the♥♥♥♥♥♥optimization...biggest scam on steam."
76561198240756600,Not Recommended,221100,22050267,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mango,♥♥♥♥♥ies game ever. I understand it's still in the making but this engine is complete crap. People teleporting and lagging around its complete crap... UI is complete garbage. Why use a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine for suche a game with potential. Should of used an engine more capable when you had it at your company.
76561198111426415,Not Recommended,221100,22376915,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,jeromepatterson39,This game is about zombies right i know it is because ive played it before but while running around in the stand alone i havent seen one zombie yet i keep passing out because finding food and water is near impossible i have been running around for almost 12 hours and i have found one box of cereal and one water bottle wtf is up with that and some of the buildings have no steps and you cant get into the building
,Not Recommended,221100,22602673,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LordSexymus,Do they even update this game anymore?
,Not Recommended,221100,25140783,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MIK3,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,221100,25198277,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Inglip,"When I played very little was done, too disappointed to go back.Hey would you look at that! IT's still terrible!"
76561198014003912,Not Recommended,221100,25317806,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Junior,"A game like No Mans Land was just released and has 18 katrillion planets, but DayZ can't get it's act together. Very frustrating. I find myself playing RUST a lot more now.I like the idea of DayZ and I try to remain positive about it, but there is no way I would recommend anyone spend their money on this game that continues to drag its feet. Instead, I tell them about the game and say ""one day when it is eventually finished, you should check it out. But today is not that day."""
,Not Recommended,221100,28893454,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,s̶k̶y̶y̶ ☁,"333 hours. One word. No.Just no. Don't even think about it. Don't even think about thinking about it. It's a waste of time, money, sanity. Save yourself and pass on this game for the absolute love of God.DO. NOT. BUY. THIS. GAME.Trash."
76561198292995202,Not Recommended,221100,29144387,Posted: 9 January,all,apathy kills,This game is a perpetual alpha with more problems than you can count and every update makes it worse buyer beware.
,Not Recommended,221100,30584264,Posted: 17 March,all,GoofyBoy,"Wow. This game is absolute garbage. Please do not buy this game unless you plan on spending hours(1-7 hours) getting loot and dying from bull♥♥♥♥♥♥like Zombies or starving to death. Not to mention the hundreds of hackers ive encountered in game that will fly, and shoot through multiple things. Anyway, please dont buy unless you like a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and VERY unfinished game. It's been good ever since tonight when 2 guys ran up to me and flew me out of the map and dropped me on an island, over, and over and over. Please do not buy this game. Spend your money elsewhere. I absolutely hate this game now. Dev's will never be able to fix this game. Please. DO NOT BUY!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,31126828,Posted: 13 April,all,Steven The Devil Wall,Bahahhahahaha Game is a ♥♥♥♥ing Joke
76561198096186359,Not Recommended,221100,25288846,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CammyBear,Do not buy this game it has been in early access for longer then i can remember buggy and unplayable
,Not Recommended,221100,25266232,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"I never really got into DayZ standalone, compared to the mod, it felt very empty in how fleshed out it was in comparison to the mod version in ARMA. I honestly would just go play the mod instead."
,Not Recommended,221100,25554120,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,mortal,"the game is dead, the developer doesn't care anymore. i bought it when it was unfinished 2 years ago and it's still a nightmare."
76561197997260453,Not Recommended,221100,25693067,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Many-Named,UPDATED REVIEW:░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█PUBG▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐ ░░░░░░░░░▐░█░░░░░░░░▐█▐▄ ░DayZ░░░▐░█░░░░░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░
,Not Recommended,221100,29074782,Posted: 6 January,all,Klossie,terrible
,Not Recommended,221100,29286955,Posted: 15 January,all,GreaK,"Bought the game, set the graphics to high , 10 fps, hmm , set the graphics to medium , 15 fps, hmm , let's try low I guess ? 20-30 fps ! The only good part was the refund."
,Not Recommended,221100,31053575,Posted: 9 April,all,paracidic,Dean is a master scammer
,Not Recommended,221100,31116066,Posted: 13 April,all,Invisible,"Played it for some hours .. Got kidnapped for 3 hours. These germans wouldn't let me go. I had no choise other then waiting.  I had full ghillie etc so it was not worth it to log out and die. ""I had so much fun""...Some people in the dev team are so salty.. You can't say anything negative about the game or you will get a block on twitter or whatever..This game should get a huge update. They do update but .. these updates are so small and WHEN it happens it takes 6 whole months to add a new gun or new car.. How??"
,Not Recommended,221100,24947503,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mr. Poopybutthole,"A shell of a game I once played, 3 years and only retextured rain.for your sake avoid this title."
76561198193088610,Not Recommended,221100,25129941,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Free_Cats,I lost every 2 times and i did not die.
,Not Recommended,221100,26427109,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Erucolindo,"This boat has sailed, unfortunately. I have pity for those who weren't ever on it."
76561197983721238,Not Recommended,221100,26440143,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,hurensohnologe,"Betrayal.Bought this game to play with a friend of mine (played on his pc for about 50hours).THENUpdateTHENBoom, ERROR: enfusion engine loading error > they changed it to directx11 so my gpu does not support it anymore.There is no solution or what-so-ever from the dev's side.NO INFO; NO NOTHING.I want my money back, is there any way?"
76561197970821335,Not Recommended,221100,28470578,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CocZilla,"If you want to get screwed out your money, then buy this game.... I wont support a Dean Hall aka Rocket project again.... After releasing this garbage, he took his money and took a 2month Mt Everest vacation... Then never did jack squat with the game except break it more."
,Not Recommended,221100,28963400,Posted: 2 January,all,Etylf,Early access simulator 2016...
76561198186949879,Not Recommended,221100,29047095,Posted: 5 January,all,lepperpepper64,It is stil a work in progress. Don't expect a lot
,Not Recommended,221100,29064480,Posted: 6 January,all,Nathantothec,Worst game of all time.
,Not Recommended,221100,24061653,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,ACHOCOLATADO BRANCO,AFRAID OF STAIRS
,Not Recommended,221100,25058431,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Shikilicious,"Sadly, after years of waiting for improvement, I finally have to make the decision to give up on DayZ, once and for all.With the promises it made and the development that happened thereafter, it is probably not just one of the biggest scams of the early access era and in kickstarter history, but also an example warning for players to don't give a cent until the work is done."
76561198126450938,Not Recommended,221100,25078020,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ringringpussyitsurmummyotp,Had this game for over 3 years still early access alpha. Lol do not buy until it fully releases or actually if it ever will.
76561198046078166,Not Recommended,221100,25228158,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Galecko,I've played this game for .5 hours. It feels like dayz
,Not Recommended,221100,24901306,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,jellybean,when is alpha over?dear god when is it over?
,Not Recommended,221100,24947476,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mlazer2,its been like 3 years and they still havent improved this game.
76561198287195397,Not Recommended,221100,25453921,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,JCP,WORST PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥MONEY CAN BUY!
,Not Recommended,221100,26486913,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,*Omgbomber,Didnt quite pan out for me.
,Not Recommended,221100,28926266,Posted: 1 January,all,Featrix,800 plus hours of DayZ and DayZ mod experience-game plays awful-feels clunky-no loot-no players-dsync-made more unplayable as they updated it which I don't even understand. Done giving this game extra chances
,Not Recommended,221100,24826221,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,bprelec,"The entire problem with this is early access.It will be early access forever, likewise will all other such games.Do not purchase early access and encourage your friends to not buy early access also.It is not the creators of this game that are the problem, it is the people who buy it, which includes me, however i will never again make that mistake, i hope only that other people, can learn from my mistake instead of making it themselves."
76561198146252705,Not Recommended,221100,24996803,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,John The Heard,Realese?
,Not Recommended,221100,25140234,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,aidan,Very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Not recommended.
76561198028333386,Not Recommended,221100,25285869,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,LunixZA,Played this a year or so ago....boy has this game gone from bad to worse. would not recommend any more.
,Not Recommended,221100,25527530,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Raker,"3 years dev time;  they managed to upgrade DirectX finally, but vehicles still dont work well, persistence has been broken for months, same old issues with the loot spawns, bad fps, swimming bodies, character loss, laggy broken server browser and a long list of excuses on twitter.  These guys must be on ""holiday"" every two weeks.  DayZ team is JV squad compared to ARMA; it's a little scary that Enfusion will be their ""next-gen engine""."
,Not Recommended,221100,26458948,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,n'Zapador,"I played DayZ Mod very early on, for a couple of hundred hours in a matter of weeks. I was addicted and when I heard the mod would become a standalone I was excited.However we're now in 2017 and it's been about 3½ years since DayZ SA was released - and at this point the game still offers an experience that is either inferior to or on par with the experience that the mod offered 4-5 years ago. DAFUQ?!Considering how many copies they must have sold (64 of my friends own the title) I'm really puzzled it is still what it is. Like, where did they spend the resources? Not on the game it seems.How can a professional studio have these resources available and not manage to compete with the work of mostly one guy, Dean Hall, that developed the mod? It's beyond me!Don't spend your money on this game. Just don't.And in general avoid titles based on the Real Virtuality engine. It is broken by nature and Bohemia will never care nor be able to fix it so it plays properly. It's so terribly janky and performance is horrendous!How come, in a military simulator, that you can't freakin' jump over a 150cm tall wall? To my knowledge a wall that's even taller is default for every single obstacle course around the globe.And why can't I get over a 50cm fence without it being so ♥♥♥♥ing janky that my guy almost stumbles over the fence.... ffs..... FIX!!!!!!!!I'm a skinny geek and totally out of condition, not a well trained soldier. I can easily get over a wall that's taller than me as long as I can jump and reach the top - and I can leap over obstacles much taller than them tiny DayZ fences without coming to a complete halt >.<Bohemia, please, use me for mocapping and I'll show you the way of a true soldier!ARMA 2 is based on Real Virtuality 3, released in 2009 and it will barely play properly on a modern and decent gaming rig in 2017.DayZ is based on a variation of RV3 so it shares most if not all of the issues. Baaaaah!!!!"
,Not Recommended,221100,26464230,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Valkyrie,"So, I bought this game in early access alpha, I played it for a very long time, back before they broke it even more.This game was better when you couldn't even open your food because can openers weren't implimented. At least then, you could actually find loot, and pick it up. There were actually zombies in the game back then, and yes, suppressors didn't work, but who gives a ♥♥♥♥. The mosin didn't sound as horrible as I do when I sing in the shower, and the guns didn't jam ever third bullet because their multiplier they use is more autistic than a third grader who wears cochlears, and got his face shoved into the pool, and was electrocuted. This game is by far the most disgusting piece of filth I have ever laid eyes on, and had the unfortunate luck of spending 30 dollars on. It's like a cancer, slowly becoming worse as time goes by. They fix nothing, and come out with a patch every four months that can hardly be called a patch. The most recent patch, the dev's have managed to impliment a pair of hangover vomit coloured sneakers that have absolutely no practical purpose whatsoever, and have managed to steal several sounds from numerous games, and impliment them into their game as gunshot noises.Good job DayZ."
76561197995212508,Not Recommended,221100,29052030,Posted: 5 January,all,Pawzie,"i hope this studio shuts down tbh. If i got paid for unfinished work and then kept giving the customers false hope, wouldnt that be a form of fraud? no progress at all and we paid for an unfinished Early Access POS. In 3 years ive seen only a few performance optamizations, and then concepts come and go. Just stop already."
,Not Recommended,221100,31106994,Posted: 12 April,all,Feztooth,Horrible
76561198073518123,Not Recommended,221100,25371308,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,blndninja1,"So i played DayZ as an arma 2 mod and loved it. I recently bought the Standalone and have to say it has hardly improved at all. In fact i would say it has worsened as a standalone. The item interface is awful. The survival aspect is trash now. It was better with the hud for stats. Been playing for several days and have not found a single canteen or matches or lighter or anything to help me cook food. In all the play time i found one can of fruit... so how the **** am i supposed to survive? And they have changed the zombies so they run in buildings where they used to walk. This gives you no chance of outrunning them anymore. If you don't have a weapon just let them kill you. The AI is as horrible as ever. At night you can stand right in front of one and not get attacked.(i really just wanted to die to start over). And their animations and movements are just the worst. Play The Forest for 20 min and see what i mean. And The Forest costs half as much for a much better playing game. It sucks because i love dayZ. I've heard that DayZ will get a Playstation release. Maybe they are putting all the effort into that...but i doubt it. Untill this game receives a total rehall i guess i'll just stick to The Forest and consider my $35 flushed down the toilet.Things that could save this game...1. Put stats back in the bottom corner2. You made so many buildings lootable, how about some actual loot. Or ammo with a gun. You can find 5 guns and 5 diff ammo and still not have a match.3. Better AI. It's just so bad.4. Less status effects. I feel all the vitamins and blood transfusions and all really make it too much.5. How about the ammo a gun uses in its discription... not everyone is ******* jason bourne.6. More wildlife. I remeber seeing goats and sheep and cows and stuff... where the f did they go. Havent seen any yet besides invincible chickens ( at least to an axe )7. A tutorial book you start with or something to help you start out. Shouldn't have to exit the game and use wikipedia or some sh** everytime you find an item or are confused.8. show how many rounds in a weapon below stats in corner.9. In trying to be super realistic it hurts itself. And is it really realistic to eat and be hungry 10 min later. People can go days without eating. Idk why game developers think people get hungry faster than thirsty. Most survival games are like that. Im pretty sure you would die of thirst before hunger."
,Not Recommended,221100,25435395,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Grunt100,its eh... i refunded it and ill probably just wait for it to go on a huge sale then ill buy it again
,Not Recommended,221100,28471139,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,SSJ Jesus Christ,Wow got this 3years ago and still in alpha.
76561198027719767,Not Recommended,221100,28518468,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dick Faggotson,"This game is complete cancer, should be renamed BugZ, or K.O.S. simulator"
,Not Recommended,221100,19603302,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Ten80Pete,"Everyone knows about DayZ Standalone. The development has been a running joke for 4 years now. When it wa released on Steam, everyone wanted a peice of the action, and rightly so. Dean Hall had promised to make our dreams come true. All he's provided us with is disappointment, and a lot of fairly useless ""updates"" and ""patches"". In 3 years, the only things we've gotten, that I care about, are as follows: Vehicles, and more guns. Optimization would surpass any other update I could ever think of, but we still sit at 10 FPS in a small town. Running an FX-8350, I shouldn't have an issue (Edit: Thanks for the suggestion. Sapphire R9 290x Crossfire is my current GPU setup).  I also bought this game when it was $19.99. It was not worth that then, and the increase in price only serves to provide Bohemia with more money before they abandon the project entirely. Don't buy this game. Spend your money on Arma 2/3 (and mods) instead, if you want this experience without getting screwed."
,Not Recommended,221100,21132916,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,OsiRis,walking simulator :|paying for this♥♥♥♥♥♥= wasting money
,Not Recommended,221100,20426523,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,JollyGeneral,"TL;DR - Game has so much potential, Team largely incompetent, #BringBackRocketI've poured so much time and effort into this game, and have for years considered it my favorite game of all time. I started playing the early alpha vanilla DayZ mod in July 2012, and I was blown away by the scale, realism, immersion, and uniqueness of the gameplay. The game has been in development for nearly 4 years now (standalone development started spring of 2012). It has sold nearly 3.5 million copies and has brought in $90million+ in revenue for the developer, Bohemia Interactive Studios.However, despite these facts, I am deeply saddened by the progress the development team has shown. The game still is burdened by the same bugs it was plagued by in its standalone release over 2 years ago (weapon glitches, game-breaking desync, etc), and script kiddie issues in addition to terrible game performance has NEVER been worse. Nearly 4 years into active development, and the devs have little to show for their progress besides a few new guns, glitchy vehicles, and some new boonie hat colors. The new game engine that promised fixes for these issues is nowhere in sight, and the dev team refuses to give and deliver promised features on hard dates (go see their timeline for 2014 and you can tell nothing substantial was accomplished this year despite their promises).When I compare this game's early alpha progress to its peers like SQUAD, VERDUN etc, it is not a stretch to call the DayZ dev team completely INCOMPETENT when they are unable to deliver half the progress that teams 1/10 their size have accomplished. This is not meant as an attack on management at Bohemia, but rather I want them and the members of the DayZ community to wake up and demand more from this game's development.I implore the dev team: shakeup your approach to development and find a NEW competent Project Lead (#BringBackRocket). I implore you the gamer: think twice before buying this game."
,Not Recommended,221100,20479267,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Fisherman Joe,2 years of Early Access people! And the game was half done at launch!Do you realize you've been scammed yet? How long does it take?#TriggerWarningNotActuallyWhoCares
,Not Recommended,221100,20970778,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,"Thot, but unironically.","Incredibly buggy, borderline unplayable and will never leave early access due engine limitations. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,221100,21953705,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Mandalore the Reaver,"Prehaps one of the worst games i've ever had the displeasure of playing, aside from the unoptimization, the player base with a mentality of 3 year olds and the dev's never actually changing anything since it was still a mod on arma 2...actually that's a disservice since the mod for arma 2 was actually fun, this game is tedious and mind numbing at best the rest of the time you wish you could have an F11 for real life playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198060290273,Not Recommended,221100,22193713,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Ekin,forever early access
,Not Recommended,221100,22205816,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Alchemixed,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
76561198090868631,Not Recommended,221100,22519544,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ItzRyanOMG,"I don't normally give negative reviews on games especially games that are in alpha however, this game has been in aplha for two years and I have only just decided to purchase it expecting all the major bugs to be fixed. Upon loading the game and joining a server the frame rate of the game was appalling, I tried changing my graphic settings to medium, low and still having the same problem on a GTX 980. I then read upon articles looking for a fix which required you changing text in the game files. This shouldn't be an issue on a two year old game. I would strongly avoid this game, have asked for refund."
76561198155633806,Not Recommended,221100,23398066,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Remedy,"Bugs left right an center, not to mention the hackers, the zombies, and the glitches... great potential although. improvements made every couple of weks or so, however, this isn't good enough.... wouldn't buy again.."
76561198084686169,Not Recommended,221100,21265821,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,AHappyMoooCow,How do i get a refund?bigest waste of money ever
,Not Recommended,221100,22255816,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Hjs02,Buy yourself train simulator dlc insaid because they cost like £24.99 and it alot smoother
,Not Recommended,221100,22324919,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,NiBBa,"my friend baited me to buy this bullsh*t ""game"""
,Not Recommended,221100,24871732,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,LumpySackOfPoo,"If i hadn't bought this game before refunds were made a thing, i'd have $30 more than i have now...shame on you devs, shame on you."
,Not Recommended,221100,25132792,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Emmanuel Macron OFFICIEL,it's been over 2 years since I began to ask everyday for a refundMaybe one day they will accept
,Not Recommended,221100,25195131,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,OMGitzRICK,Don't buy this game. It's never going to be finished. It's a shell of a game and the price tag is a joke. Despite supposed active development it appears to be going nowhere.
76561198074626791,Not Recommended,221100,25357505,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Vulcan Raven,if you like early access games that are forgotten by the devs and that get 3 updates per year this is absolutely your game u will have hours/days/weeks/months enjoying the same bug because you only get 2 or 3 updates PER YEAR!!!! if you are that kind of guy that has no self esteem and u think u dont deserve more GET THIS GAME ASAP
76561198054279114,Not Recommended,221100,23471534,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,nyanko,"It's been ""early access"" forever and the game is unfinished after all these years."
,Not Recommended,221100,23559580,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Biglad,♥♥♥♥
76561198012325140,Not Recommended,221100,25083057,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RoshDawg,"'Early alpha stage' for years now, and still almost no difference. I havnt played for about 4 years now and was expecting some differences. Only thing different is that there is no loot on any server (even the ones that say LOOT LOOT LOOT) and maybe one zombie every hour of gameplay. This used to be one of the coolest games and is now one of the worst. You will waste countless hours searching for gear, only to find a shirt and bandage. There's no more suspense. Just 'the grind'. I already grind out hours at work, I dont need to do that in an unsuspensful video game. If I hear anything that sounds like a person I run to them screaming 'KILL ME NOWWWWWW'. Because that's all I feel when I play this game now."
76561198081563978,Not Recommended,221100,25121722,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Felip,If I was taking a sh*t and there was no toilet paper to wipe my a$$ and nearby If I had to choose between wiping my a$$ with a copy of this game Id wipe my a$$ with my own hand
,Not Recommended,221100,18786594,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MiNdClOuDs,"Sadly, this game was absolutely enjoyable when it first came out.I have a lot of great memories playing it.Now, its just an utter abortion that has regressed throughout the years.We all need our money back from this piece of filth."
,Not Recommended,221100,18377368,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Pazacka,"Big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥compared to the mod.♥♥♥♥ing WarZ did better than this standalone♥♥♥♥♥♥that shouldnt even exist.Looting is impossible, bcos there simply never is any.Performance in towns is worse than in Arma 2.Unfixed bugs everywhere.And the feature that broke the survival-aspect of the mod Is to come: The basebuilding, hoarding loot and keeping it 100% safe. Instead of fixing anything to make the game playable they rather keep adding weapons(that are unobtainable because the looting sucks), add new map parts or just dont update anything.Last update with actual content was like ~5 Months ago (at least it felt like it)Maybe they will get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together one day and it will be playable (probably not),but till then I will keep playing old GOOD mods or no DayZ at all.Edit: Over one year later, still garbage.Edit Nr. 2: 8 Months later and yep, it's still trash."
