user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,221540,17713287,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,.40z,"much like DG1, a simple but solid TD with good graphics, nothing special.negative vote for the abuse of the steam workshop for selling maps and having no support for free community maps built into the game interface. selling maps is ok, but controlling competition in favour of your own content simply sucks big time.http://www.dg2freemaps.com/"
,Not Recommended,221540,12417862,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Clark,"I enjoyed the game but am giving this a negative review.  I played through the whole thing and had a good time, had to replay a couple levels to get the gold rating.  Finished. Nice. Now, let me goto the steam workshop for this game and download some player made maps so I can enjoy this game for quite a bit longer (ala Civ5).Wait? What? Player made maps are only available to be voted on WITHOUT PLAYING THEM? You cannot download them and can only vote on them and when they get enough votes then they will be made available via the Hidden Path Store for a couple of dollars.  WTF is up with that?I had no idea I was buying a microtransaction game, this is complete BS imho.  If the community makes the map then the map should be available to the community for nothing, stop charging for what others create for your game.I seriously doubt I will give this company any more of my money and I certainly will not be buying any expansion map packs."
76561198009007200,Not Recommended,221540,12603940,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,The13thlemon,"I have been putting off writing this review as I did really want to love DG2.What I've seen from reading other reviews is too many(I'm not saying all just TOO many) are corrupting their reviews due to their love of the first one both positive and negative.I will try to write this review without even mention DG1 or comparing them as I think it is best to review DG2 for it's own qualities.Okay so firstly, some of the good things.DG2 has a strong core (no pun intended).It does what TD's should do in a lot of ways. There is a large selection of tower types and a 'boost' tower which can be used for cheap maze creation. There is a selection of tower 'bonus' items that randomly drop after missions which can be applied to towers.There is a large variety of enemy types, with unique abilities from shields to foes that can disable your defenses and alot in between.The campaign is a decent length with a nice variety of levels and multiple gameplay types.Some of the things that grate on my nerves.The dialogue and voice acting unfortunately is terrible, it's actually annoying to the point where for the first time ever in a game I have disabled the voice audio.The story isn't great. Now I will quickly say a TD does NOT need a story to be good, but when it does attempt a story it must not be bad otherwise it drags the feel of the campaign down.The gameplay feels very repetitive, and it shouldn't but it's not holding my attention. I only finished the campaign to finish it. I was really trying to find something that made me say wow awesome I love this game, but I haven't yet.SummaryThis is a solid TD game, but unfortunately I cannot recommend it for what it does at it's current price.I do not regret buying it but I couldn't recommend it for a friend to spend their money on.This is not the definitive TD game as the store page claims. This is just another TD game though while it's good, it's not great enough to stick it's head above the pile.I would say worth picking up in a sale as it does do a lot well but as I said before, I wouldn't recommend to a friend, so I cannot recommend it here at it's current value.I will keep an eye on updates and occasionally jump back into the game. If I find something that changes my opinion I will update my review."
,Not Recommended,221540,15962598,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,StarGaze,"Thoroughly disappointing tower defense game. Buy DG1 instead - it's a much better game.This new version has a stupid story, a variety of useless support weapons (the resource one is always going to be the best) and difficulty so unsteady you'll wonder if it was ever tested. The last few levels of the campaign are a joke - you will never feel threatened, unlike in DG1. Some levels in the middle of the campaign are difficult but otherwise the game is a cakewalk that presents little challenge (again, compared to DG1), even if you are trying to ""max out"" every level. Also, there is workshop support but the place is barren. Clearly, this game never took off as I had hoped it would. So sad to see such an inferior sequel :("
76561198007372031,Not Recommended,221540,14773626,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Telfram,"Good game, the reasons for the negtive review:1. Much easier than DG1.(Main storyline finished in under 15hrs playtime.)2. Lack of expansions or DLCs that continued the fun and story of DG1.3. Maps submitted on Steam Workshop have to be voted on just from screenshots.4. Community voted maps will then be SOLD to you!Recommend you buy DG1 for better value if you don't already own it."
,Recommended,221540,11291393,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Reoh,"The original is my favorite tower defense game of all time. I have access to the beta and can tell you it's every bit as fun, but they've also added new mechanics. Defense boards that can change during play, and they're adding customization of your loadouts to expand upon the original. Choose from new commanders with different abilities, and tool your towers to develop them to your preferences.PS - Multiplayer co-op game modes too!"
76561198039773427,Not Recommended,221540,31424877,Posted: 28 April,all,fellfire,"As with others, this game is great for relaxing and doing a TD. But, the scam of taking community maps and charging for them is idiotic. I suspect they have got rid of their developers and now the marketing team is running the show."
76561197992246194,Not Recommended,221540,29274495,Posted: 15 January,all,panther3007,"This is a good game. Its been worth the money I spent.However, the Devs are trying to monitize the steam workshop and player created maps. All you can do is vote on community created maps, and if they get enough votes a map appears in the in-game store for sale at $0.99. You cannot download them and play them for free.Currently there are 11 maps for sale for $0.99 each.This is horrible :("
76561198048587276,Recommended,221540,14954109,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"I really enjoyed DG2. I think some of the tower graphics are too similar, so when zoomed out sometimes I'm left wondering which tower is which.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=347329268I also suspect the game is actually easier than DG1 as I don't have too many problems racking up gold medals and I don't remember getting them as easily in DG1.Storywise, it was a nice continuation and I thought the levels were well designed. Boost towers and the tower improvements you can earn via good performance are also pretty nice and add more strategies and ways of mixing towers up.The grahics are prettier than DG1http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=347547384Overall, brilliant game well worth the modest cost and I hope they introduce lots of good DLC as they did with DG1, although I'm less sanguine about this new store as purchasing single disjointed and unreleated maps doesn't do it for me. But we'll see."
76561197994951343,Recommended,221540,14989591,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,jjharrow,"Core game play is much like the original DG with some additional interesting twists.   The graphics are improved of course, but the storyline didn't seem very compelling or particularly motivating.Some things about the design choices are puzzling:   Reading paragraphs of text between episodes?   Rotating the view in only 90 degrees units at a time with a key?   What century is this?The increased complexity of the main menu & campaign selection screens seem unnecessary and distracting.Multiplayer is a great addition.The orignal DG was one of my favorite games. DG2 is a fine game with lots of options, but doesn't seem to capture the same level of magic as the original."
76561198004711546,Not Recommended,221540,16998216,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Squiggles,"I never played Defense Grid 1 but I do tend to enjoy unique tower defense games. That said I didn't like this one.Pros:Tower effects are pretty well made I guessThat's itCons:Simplistic enemy design. The aliens have 2 that look like gorillas and the rest just look like land fish, they don't have much detail to them and some are so small it's hard to see any detail.Forced coop, the game says coop and it does, in fact, HAVE coop. That said it's basically just single player with 2 people. You share resources both have access to all towers, the only benefit to having another person is a second use of the special ability and possibly bringing towers with different upgrades. I honestly afk'd to take a shower while my friend beat the map we were on himself because sometimes it's a hinderence to have the other player, like when you go to place a tower and they use up just enough resources that you can't do it, or they remove your towers because they don't know why you placed it there. It was a pretty poorly thought out system.Tower upgrades unlock at random, my friend and I played every map together, but sometimes one of us would get an upgrade and the other wouldn't, or we'd both get upgrades but they were different, one of my first upgrades was for a tower we didn't unlock untill 2 levels later.The special abilities suck, once you gain access to the one that gives you resources there's no reason to bring the others ever. They all have a 5 min cooldown so the resource one is the only one that feels like it helps that much because it helps buy/upgrade towers. Compared to that a laser that kills maybe 10 enemies, or a beam to boost nearby towers for maybe 30 seconds is garbage.No easy way to find information, I wanted to find out what kind of upgrades I could hope to get for the towers but I can't find it online let alone in game. The games difficulty varies alot but part of the difficulty comes from them not explaining things (At least for us as we've never played the first game and maybe they explain it there). For example the alien discriptions seems to indicate a weakness enemies have but there's no way to find it. The towers uses aren't explained when they're first introduced unless they're obvious like the slow tower, so you have to place them to figure out what use they may have. The space ship that lands on the the core and releases enemies half way through the map wasn't explained either and caused our only loss.I tend to like tower defense that let you build mazes and alter the enemy path, but only about half the maps in this let you do that. The rest have you placing turrets on the side of the roads which is much less interesting.The dialog sucks, it's almost painful to listen to since it seems so awkward, so I turned off subtitles and lowered voice volume and event frequency to minimum so I never even know they're there. The fact the AI's pretty much just chit chat as you're trying to set up your defense means you probably won't pay much attention to it, or if you do it'll be more of a distraction than any game enhancement.The game gives you no time to see the map before you start the waves, I can understand not being able to build towers till the waves start but because we had to start building immediately there were often platforms we didn't notice till the level was almost finished. It's just something that screws you the first time you play but is made worse by the fact the game has absolutely zero replay value.The towers themselves are a mixed bag too, the laser turret for example is pretty much useless in our builds, it has the same damage as an inferno turret has slightly better range but is only single target which makes it much worse for us, it's line of sight issues also make it a pretty poor choice. The missle turret again wasn't explained at all so I didn't realized that it starts with almost no damage at it's first tier but upgrades it's damage very well. The concussion turret does good damage but fires insanely slow making it's first tier pretty useless too, also it fires at random and sometimes just feels like it spends too much time dropping grenade things on nearby turrets instead of on the enemy path. Some times the tower upgrades will make a pretty much useless turret a decent choice like acid bullets for the gun turret (Otherwise the gun turret is just good for cheap damage in the start of the game.) or can give turrets more use like having the concussion turret destroy shields, but other upgrades are just worthless like having the gun turret with it's weak damage target higher health enemies when it's much better suited to picking off the weak enemies.There's no way, aside from the ability, to aid in resource gain, it's really slow and makes it so you spend most of your time hovering over the build/upgrade buttons waiting for the last few points to tick in so you can push it. Though even with the lack of money to build things we were finding that the game was ending with us not even utilizing half the board on some levels so it feels like you don't have enough resource AND you don't have much use for it. It's pretty odd.All in all the game was pretty disappointing, and unlike most games which can easily make things better with friends this coop is forced and it means even playing with another person it'll be pretty easy to find playing this boring. It has no replayability as none of the levels are exciting enough to justify trying to do them better than you did the first time. Lastly the score system must be for some people who like watching a number go up because I couldn't care less if I even made it to bronze."
76561197970765804,Not Recommended,221540,32003156,Posted: 27 May,all,Hartbrot,"Very good TD at it's core. But unfortunately awfully lacking in replayability and additional content.Having to buy user created content via an ingame shop feels like utter ripoff.Go buy DG1 instead, way more replayability."
,Not Recommended,221540,16871109,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,lazy,"As a fan of DG1, I can only describe this game as very 'meh'More downgrades from DG1 than upgrades, at the same time, there's nothing really new DG1.If you're a like DG1, there's a high chance DG2 will disappoint you.The 'story' is very weird to, they tried to build on DG1, but for me, I was totally lost."
,Recommended,221540,11325355,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,dmdione,"Overall, I REALLY like what I see so far in the beta.Likes:- The maps look so slick. Lot's of detail - visually stunning.- The missle now hits bad guys on the ground!- The Boost blocks.- The hit/coverage area of selected weapons is more precise.- Map editor/maker? Crap, are you kidding me? I can make my OWN levels? Giddy up....- Lot's more!Dislikes:- CRASHES. It's beta - hope they fix it. Been providing my dump logs.- I miss the ability to see the bad guys health bar like DG1. Trying to mouse over and click to see health is annoying and time consuming. (7/24/14 - found out the ""/"" key controls the health bar!)- I'd like the ability to turn on/off certain graphic special affects instead of the ""Fast Performance - High Quality"" selection.Looks like Hidden Path hit gold again with DG2 - just clean up the graphic options and stop the crashes.Nice job guys!"
76561198052992985,Not Recommended,221540,13176118,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,howie,"If you have never played Defense Grid 1 this game is not bad. If you have then you will be dissapointed.The scoring in the new game just doesn't let you get involved with the game, when I say scoring I mean resource generation as that is different from the score.The game is far too easy to beat, and I'm affraid it leaves me flat. If I could get new maps for DG1 I would rather go back and play that again.I have worked through every level and option on hard and found myself getting bored for the level to be over. Hard should be hard!Keeps crashing my Nvidia graphics card, and feels like you are playing the beta rather than the final game."
,Not Recommended,221540,12277326,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,somethingcronic,"I just loaded up the original game to make sure I wasn't going mad... The original is fantastic, I got a lot of joy out of it.DG2 on the other hand is absymal:* Graphics - Surely the plan was for them to be better than the original? Subjective maybe, but they arn't in my opinion* Lagging/frame rate - This game hasn't been optimized... I wouldn't be surprised if this is improved upon in the future but not at time of full release* Story - I didn't mind General Fletcher so much in the first game, but now he's got his friends with him they get on your nerves pretty quickly.* Interface - unnecessarily confusing and cluttered.If you've never played DG:Awakening - buy it! It's a great game. If you have and you liked it, and feel this will be as good - it's not, at least not in it's current state.Seriously, I can't see anything that has been imprvoed upon - the towers look rubbish compared to the originals, the boosts are a boring addition... I wish they took the original engine, added some new towers and aliens, some new maps - I'd have happily paid for it. Why reinvent the wheel - and make it a bit more square?4/10"
,Not Recommended,221540,28035332,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ddecisions,"The game is OK. But it is no where near to live up to Defense Grid: The Awakening.- Campaign is way to easy.- Community made maps are sold to you.- Completing multiplayer achievements is nearly impossible to complete, as the built in multiplayer queue system never finds you another player. I dont know if it is buggy, or nobody else is queuing.Ive played this game around 20 hours, and I was done with the campaign after 3-4 hours. Now I after 20 hours, I am almost completely done with the game. DG: The Awakening I have played 150 hours + and still missing 2 achivements. It puts it in perspective how little this game has to offer compared to its prequel."
76561197995118661,Recommended,221540,12213636,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Alkydere,"Did you like the original Defense Grid?  Well, have more of the same, only tweaked and given a big ol' graphics overhaul (not that the original wasn't pretty)  and a bunch of little features that at best are nothing but fun, and at worst can be ignored.  The writing and voice acting is still there so plenty of delightful exposition about raspberries.Perhaps the best new feature is that levels are no longer static.  Almost every level can be ""edited"" in pre-determined ways by clicking on the command ship and paying a few resources to add sections to the map.  Some sections add new areas to maze the aliens, others add new build locations to cover previously vulnerable areas.  Of course, after adding this feature it is never really mentioned in the story line so you have to figure out the feature even exists on your own.Air enemies/flight lanes were taken out, but they didn't really add anything to the game since a single level 3 missile tower would trivialize any flight path it could reach.  So now the Missile Tower is a long-range single-target bombardment tower (with the Meteor adding AOE/DOT bombardment).The only feature I don't wholly like is the tower upgrade system.  You can slot upgrades into your towers, upgrades which have some interesting effects (scatter shot to give AOE on gun towers, slow lasers, etc.).  The real problem is that the upgrades are randomly gifted after every completed mission (story or not) with no control over what you get.  This is exacerbated by the fact that almost every upgrade has multiple levels.  So you can be ""find"" level 1 shield busting concussion bombs, or you can find level 3 despite not having any previous versions of the item.  the only redeeming feature of the ""drop"" system is that it won't give you items you already have, or have a higher level of.Over all, and despite the brain-dead drop system, this game is over all a massive improvement and great sequal for the original Defnse Grid.  Don't let my winging about the drop system turn you off of a great purchase."
,Not Recommended,221540,13514779,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Jab,Missing a lot of the charm and interesting design from the first one. The levels aren't as creative and the game is designed around using items equipped to your towers to have any chance at winning on the higher difficulties due to the stat bumping of enemies.They also changed how high scores work but didn't bother to list it in game. The UI is a mixed bag with information either missing or hidden compared to the first game.Upsides are a lot of different challenges per map and steamworks integration for new maps.  But it's a step down everywhere else compared to the first one which was one of the best TD games on the market.
,Recommended,221540,12231121,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,｢C❤A｣ Pocahawtness,"If you haven't played the original Defense Grid, then I strongly suggest you buy that game to see if you like the format, before purchasing the more expensive DG2.For the first time in a long time, I’m delighted to say that a developer has managed to bring out a sequel to an excellent game that is actually better than the original! They have improved just about everything, yet kept all the great aspects of the original. The graphics are noticeably better, they have added lots of nice statistics and data, there is even a running display showing how you are performing against your friends! Buy it now! It's great! Worth every penny! Very highly recommended.If you buy now and register the game here -CLICK ME!( requires your email ) , then you also recieve a key for a bonus DLC!!"
76561197972425011,Not Recommended,221540,12641770,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Jacquar,"I was really excited when I heard DG2 was finally being released. I could not get enough of the original and enjoyed the core game and all the add-ons as well. I loved the gameplay, graphics, story and voiceovers.The new version falls short in every category. Why the developer chose to rebuild the game from the ground up is beyond me. The most disappointing aspect is the cheesy Candy Crush graphics. The graphics in the original were clean and crisp. You could make out the details of the aliens even when you were zoomed out – and they looked cool. Not so with DG2. Unless you are zoomed all the way in you can’t see much of the aliens outside of their healthbar. What is there is translucent and muddy. And the colors…..yuck. The towers looks like cheap plastic toys. The animation is cartoonish at best. I miss the cool looking meteor trails in the original not to mention the meteors themselves you could see when you zoomed in. Whether you zoom in or out, the graphics are a bitter disappointment.The gameplay is decent enough, although choppy and sluggish at times. I don’t know that I will make it to the end. If I do it will be because I have yet to see all of the new towers and overhead weapons. But if you like the original game for the graphics you will be disappointed. I can’t recommend this game compared to the original, at least not at this price. If you can get if for $5 them maybe."
76561198057897576,Not Recommended,221540,12247773,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,LuxuryMilk,"The original defense grid is amazing. A brilliant game and it looks and plays fantastic. uber slick, sleek and animated wonderfully. Defense grid 2 however is the biggest disappointment of 2014. The graphics are crap. The alien animations are terrible! it's sluggish and buggy.  DG2 is just an insult."
,Not Recommended,221540,18322463,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,stuarmanha,"*sigh*This is one of the most depressing reviews that I ever had to make. I was a huge fan of the original Defense Grid... but this is just awful. Only thing I can give praise is the voice acting, but the lines they have to read are bad too (which kind of defeats their use in the first place). Graphics look good on pictures, but I found myself to be surrounded by clutter and ""noise"". Nothing was as clear as it should be and all the little bits and pieces designed are... well are just completely swallowed by the environment. Story is a joke and I dont understand how it can be so bad, as most tower defense games dont have any story. Ah yes... the infamous ""workshop marketplace"". I felt I was being conned when I went there to look for maps after I finished the story. UI is absolutely awful... it not only looks bad, but it is so cluncky. Running this thing on two monitors makes the game go haywire (at least for me)."
,Recommended,221540,20738380,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,D00mM4r1n3,"Not as great as the first game but far more stable. In an attempt to gussy up the game, developers added a ton of menu options that get in the way of enjoying the game. If they had simply kept the same menu style as the first game everything would of have been fine. New commander options, removal of the command tower, nerfing of meteor tower range, no flying attach ships, too much has been removed. Play the first game, either on Steam or 360, buy this only if you are a die hard fan of the original."
,Not Recommended,221540,12792976,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Braxios,Having played 5/6 missions of the 2nd game it doesn't seem as good as the first.  The maps looks nice again but I think the new tower designs a lot worse and harder to distinguish than the 1st game.Will play more and see how it develops but so far I'd recommend people who've never played Defense Grid jsut get the 1st one.
76561197981142762,Not Recommended,221540,12622525,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Blickter,"So let me preface this review with the following: I like tower defense games. I LOVE great tower defense games, but I generally like tower defense games. They are great to play while you eat food, download music, or generally aren't in a mood to be hardcore.With that said, I cannot recomment DG2 to tower defense likers or lovers. The price for the game is entirely too high, and the range of tower types and the interactions between towers are too few. I played Starcraft 1 custom maps with more depth than DG2. And I paid less for Starcraft 1. Crap.I'll be honest, I expected a pretty high quality TD for what DG2 charges. The story mode is cool and all, but for about 8-10 hours of gameplay (no speedup either), it really doesn't justify the price.Again, to re-iterate, the towers in this game have no cool interactions. There are no tower A buffs tower B effects, there are no 2 of this tower type adjacent to each other gets a neat bonus, and there is really no reason to buy this game. It has but the most basic of tower types (shoot fast, low damage OR shoot slow, high damage... whee), and the temporal tower is the ONLY effect tower, with an almighty and predictable slow effect.I will note that each tower has some special abilities you can unlock and add to them. However, from the ~ 2/4 I unlocked on each tower, they tend to be ""Deal more damage to shielded enemies"", or ""Target Priority: Strongest"". They could at least have made it ""Target Priority: Smartest"", so it would at least be usable.Save the money, go buy yourself WC3: TFT or SC2, and just play custom mapped tower defense there. Save your money. (When this is on steam sale, buy it for no more 5.99)"
,Not Recommended,221540,31577078,Posted: 6 May,all,Woolsow,"The loadout and leveling progression system just takes away from the experience and adds uninteresting grinding.Still a good game, but the 1st one was vastly better and I stopped caring about the 2nd one, won't finish."
,Recommended,221540,11375680,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Arteia,"As a tower defense fan, but not necessarily a person who goes out of their way looking for a specific game, I was rather surprised when I stumbled across DG2. Having said that, I'm glad I have. This review is taking a look at the game as it is, since I hadn't heard of Defense Grid until now and I have spent approximately 40 minutes in game at the time of writing.Here are a few things I picked up on which I are of reasonable quality for tower defense games:- Pathing. Yes I know that most tower defense games include pathing for strategy but this always ticks a huge box for me. Something else which was a pleasant surprise was that one of the beta levels initially started with a smaller map and it grew. I'm not sure whether or not this is new but it certainly changed the way I could think (as the initial area was tiny).- Towers. Look, with tower defense games you're always going to be seeing the same things, but that's okay. There's always going to be how each game balances towers in terms of cost and effectiveness. I like the towers presented in DG2, however I do believe they seem a little bit stale in regards to how similar they all appear.- Buff towers (I already forgot what they're called so I'm going to call them this). I'm sure most/all tower defense games have a tower that perform some sort of powerup to towers around it, but the way DG2 does this actually adds yet more strategy. The way DG2 does it, is that your buff tower is the cheapest tower you can build. Why might you ask? Well that's because initially it acts as an obstructor, something that can help you build your path. After you have enough resource for the tower you want to powerup, you place it on top of the buff tower and you can pay an extra 200 resource to improve the tower that's on top. Personally speaking, it's a nice touch and allows you to build more natural paths, rather than a cluster of towers next to eachother.- Health (Cores). Nice touch with how the enemies have to take all your cores, however the fact they also have to walk back makes this relatively easy (at least on story/open/normal. I haven't had time to look at other modes yet which I'm sure are going to be a blast. Then again this is probably just me nitpicking at stuff I haven't had a proper look at), but I digress. I like how different enemies can carry a certain amount of cores (although so far without paying too much attention only the big guys carry more than 1). I certainly think this is an interesting thing and hopefully there's the possibility of an enemy that can carry a lot of cores!- Enemies. I thought the enemies at the start were fairly standard (fast enemies, grouped enemies, large/slow/painintheass), however upon right clicking upon one (that's how you view their stats) I noticed the abstract text went more into detail about their movement, with one type of enemy being slower around corners. I found this interesting because again it makes you think about optimal pathing.So my conclusion is this. It's a great game for what's already available and it has the potential to be something amazing for the tower defense genre. Whilst graphics aren't necessarily important for tower defense games, DG2 looks pretty, although I do wish it had anti-aliasing support. For a beta it works well, and if you go in expecting something more polished than a beta release, then you'll be disappointed, however if you can look past that and see the potential then this one is certainly a keeper and one you'll enjoy when the full release comes around."
,Recommended,221540,12195278,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,coloster™,"Any fan of Defense Grid will enjoy this version Twice as much. DG2 with the Boost Towers are a fun addon, three different versions of the tower. Story mode was fun. Lots of snarky comments from the AI. The game is so large you could spend over a hundred hours playing, and still not reach all of the games.This game is so worth the price. I recommend a buy. Plus there are plenty of achievements that are easy to get."
,Not Recommended,221540,13954435,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Crypta,"First: DG2 has different game modes - that's the only reason. But after playing some, DG2 did wrong what DG1 did right.I am a DG(1) player since the beginning, I also ranked very high in DG1 scores and with this said - I chose the path to (score) competition in DG. My review of DG2 is mostly based on the following setting: competition, hard.Pros:+ many game modes+ towers seem balancedCons:- intransparent scoring- to much abusive potential on any other mode than ""competition""- simple, imbalanced alien waves- no replay valueNeutral:- many different configuration tweaks for towers- different ""orbital lasers""- boost tower boostsRanking:The best option to generate score is the dulling doing of ""gather aliens"", ""herd"" them by building and selling towers and use the orbital resource laser. In normal game mode, there is no reward for an excelent tower placement! The score is given for abusing the whole game principle.Of course there is a ""competition"" mode, in which selling tower is prohibited and this exploid isn't possible. So yes, you can play the game on a competetive level, but there aren't much others doing the same. The ranking in competition - hard counts areound 50 people at all; for comparisson, normal - normal there are round about 18k+.With the new scoring and the new game modes, DG2 has become a casual gamers game. There are a lot of upgrades, some choices in the starting setup and a waste amount of game modes. So in conclusion, it is more of a ""DG1s"" except the changed scoring.Waves:Many levels staring with regulat swarm aliens and the only difficult is, to kill the few ""big ones"".Within the waves there will be some fast or very tough enemies - even if your defense line worked highly efficient till this time, you'll have to adapt it only for these some aliens! It is doable without a doubt, but at least for me it feels just a bit anyoing.Conclusion:At least for me, there is no motivation in game modes beside ""competition"". I miss a gamemode with the extras but without the ability to sell towers. So it is DG1 with the lack of the (score relevant) orbital laser.Also I dislike the scoring system. The scoring system of DG1 added a strategic depht, which DG2 hasn't. (As I could see in the forums, some didn't got the whole effect of the DG1 scoring system - these are mostly the ones which like the new one in DG2)Price:As I am writing this review, the price is 22.99€ - even if I paid more for the alpha, I can't reccomend this price tag. For better value get DG1 with the expansion packs. I think that somewhat <11€ would reflect the value of this game - because it is such an eye candy for a TD game."
,Recommended,221540,11293410,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,FattyMooMooMan,"Only 2 levels to play in the pre-release beta at the moment, but they are very good, the new layouts give the ability to change pathing of the enemy and do some mazing, much better than the original. You will get a nice surprise part way through playing the first beta level in campaign mode.Graphics are good and the core gameplay of the original is back - whats not to like?If you enjoyed the first game you cannot go wrong with this one.Definite thumbs up. Destined to become the new king of PC tower defence games."
,Not Recommended,221540,21265716,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Monosaurus,"Not nearly as good as the original.  I guess they were in a bit of a tough spot, because they probably felt like they had to change it enough to justify it being a new game (as opposed to just more DG1 DLC), but I don't think it worked.If you don't have DG1 or DG2, my suggestion is to buy DG1 and call it a day."
76561198028202604,Not Recommended,221540,22015798,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Rainman,"Not a good or in depth as the the original.Pros:1. The new tech modifications you can add to the towers.  This offers a little bit of customization to your game play/style.2. Some of the new maps are really cool.3. Graphics are better.Cons:1. The UI is clunky.2. Feels like there are fewer maps to play.3. Voice overs are annoying and repetitive.4. When fully upgraded the graphics get cluttered and muddled together.5. Unlocking the tech modifications is completely random.Overall its a 5/10 game because the replay value is just not there, which is a shame as I loved the original."
76561197963394065,Not Recommended,221540,18927270,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Grey,"I liked the first Defense Grid but this one was a let down.  Controls are a bit funky, all mouse  movement moves the camera with your selector locked in the middle of the screen which was a bit odd and annoying.  The look and feel of the game just didn't do it for me.  It seemed a bit more toony and the turrets didn't look as cool to me.  Where's the unF of the old cannon?"
76561197967508086,Recommended,221540,22480934,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,eBAHN,"The game is pretty fun until you find that one tower combination that'll work on every map. Then it becomes either boring. Or therapeutic, as you watch hundreds of aliens walk to ther demise. Whichever you prefer."
,Recommended,221540,28882473,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Windows NT,"Good game, but the first one is far superior."
,Recommended,221540,17538072,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,aVe,"Where to start with Defense Grid 2 except ""OMG""?This game is so intense and filled with so much new mechanics I had to replay entirely the first Defense Grid just to measure the improvement (true story).~ Spoiler alert : a few tips and tricks are listed at the end of the evaluationThe first Defense Grid featured specialized towers and one deadly strike from the heavens. The second opus features almost the same towers, with a twist: you now can build them on top of Boost towers, and activate a special effect on them: Disrupt shields, Overcharge towers or Boost score - your choice.On top of that, you'll meet new AI on each mission, and pick one of them to support your efforts. Each AI provides you with an advantage that can be triggered and requires some time to be ready again: the classical strike from above, more resources to spend, overcharging a group of towers... - your choice again.And if you think that would be enough, think again. Not only the towers can be upgraded from level 1 (green) to level 3 (red); but you now can tweak each of them with nice improvements like: revealing hidden enemies, damaging over time, focusing on the biggest enemy ... - your choice !To keep the pressure on, the clock of each mission starts without waiting for you to analyse the layout. So you'll have to think fast and fail a lot before you nail the level and reach higher scores. Luckily, you can go back to the previous checkpoint and readjust your strategy (there are more checkpoints so you don't feel like being forced to restart entirely a level).~ And now some tips and tricks (don't read them until you hit a wall of difficulty)First, the levels can have the same entry / exit point; or a different entry and exit points. Some maps have multiple entries and exit points and can be tricky!Second, the levels can be roads surrounded by tower locations, or made of large chunks for concrete where you'll have to build a path to channel the aliens.Even if it is possible to fill a level with level 1 towers and still win, ultimately, you'll want to concentrate devastation on carefully selected spots where the aliens will walk multiple times.So, what are the best / worst towers in the game ? On my own, I mostly play using Concussion, Temporal, Laser, Machinegun and Cannon. Sometimes Missile. The Concussion is so powerful you'll eventually forget the Inferno, the Tesla and the Meteor. It's a shame but you're not here to concede anything.Next questions are: where should you place the towers, how should you combine them, and what are the best boost to give them. Here are my suggestions.First, in each level, locate the entry & exit points. Then assess if you can change the path of not. If you cannot change the path, locate where you have bottlenecks and paths that can be targeted twice (or more) with a single tower. Usually, the Core Center is one of them.Once you've located or created these bottlenecks, decide where are the best spots to concentrate damage. Sometimes it's at the very beginning of the level, sometimes close to the Core Center, sometimes somewhere else.Then:- Build a Concussion (on a boost if you can channel the aliens, or benefit from back-and-forth; and on land if you cannot change the path) then at least a second one close to the first so you can combine the effects). A good boost is Overcharge or Score Boost if you aim for the top of the Ladder :)- Right after the Concussion, build a Laser that will continue to burn the aliens. A good boost is Overcharge - unless these are far from the Temporal so Disrupt is a better choice (laser don't go through shields)- Build a Temporal close to the Concussion towers to slow down the fastest aliens and nicely melt the other ones. A good boost is Disrupt, to remove those nasty shields. (And when I say "" melt"" I literally mean ""melt"").- Build Machinegun(s) near the ""entry"" of your Concussion / Temporal / Laser combination. A good boost is Overcharge unless there aren't close to a Temporal with Disrupt ; then Disrupt is a better choice.- Build Cannon(s) to cover either or both the entry and exit of your Concussion / Temporal / Laser combination. A good boost is Overcharge.- Make sure Cannon(s) or Machinegun(s) are protecting the Core Center. A temporal can help too.- Build Missile(s) to cover the Core Center, Kill zones and especially exits - you don't want one remaining alien on the brink of death getting away with your precious cores :) No sir, you don't!About the ""tweaks"" in the towers, here you enter the realm of preferences. Usually I use ""Focus on biggest target"" on Machinegun, Cannon, Laser and Missile since the Concussion will usually get rid of the tiny swarms. On Temporal I try to boost the slowing down effect. On the Concussion I try to raise the damage.But once you're acquainted will the levels, feel free to experiment! You may choose to tweak you towers to slows down the aliens as much as possible, or to damage them overtime, or pierce their shields. (Now this game sounds like your regular ARPG, doesn'it it?)Have fun!"
,Recommended,221540,29040599,Posted: 5 January,all,[888],"avoid, the 1st game is miles better, and they even tried to force us to pay, to be able to download community maps from workshop....."
,Not Recommended,221540,12751932,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TnB | j0maK,"I love TD games, and I loved the first DG. I love this too, but it's definitely not worth the €23 that it's asking for 10h worth of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,221540,16050964,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,MatTe HealBot,"I did my best to like this game. For 5 bucks its worth it. However it kept crashing on me when i rewinding 5 or more waves. I kept rewinding and crashing my gameplay for 2 hours. So if its only sale buy it. Otherwise NO. you are better off trying the first game because the first game offered more maps, cheaper price, required some thinking, monsters and towers maybe lower graphical quality but very defined characteristics( DG2 everything sort of blends into together).What I hate?-Game does not include ingame statistic like in DG1. How many monsters of that type you killed, total damage, speical used, etc.-You can either buy modded player made maps(9-12 last time i checked), or you can go to an unoffical website which i refuse to use when the company could of incorporated Free map content created by users on the Steam Workshop. How it currently works is people vote on your work, then it gets sold on the store. They should of at least split the community of modders who want to make money and modders who want to share for free... ON Steam Workshop.- New scoring system doesn't make sense. I have created the exact same build and I still can't figure it out and Alternating Build order. I did it on Map 3 Suspension with very few build choices/placement.- Rewind crashes at times, at the very least I remember the confirmed crash for Mission 10 Breach, Super Grinder Mode - (Open Type)What I like?- Graphics are a little better. Lowest setting to Highest looks alike though, even with me being on 1920 x 1080 resolution- Old scoring system/ resource earning from DG1 exist.- No more flying units- You can backup and rewind 1 wave at a timeSystem Spec The CPU/OS/HDD means i tried all possible combinationsCPU: FX-9590/ FX 6300GPU: GTX 770 4gbOS: Window 8.1/ Win 10RAM G Skills 1333 2x4gbMotherboard: Asus Crosshair V Formula-ZH100iInstalled on both an Samsung Evo 840 120gb SSD/ Western Digital Blue 1 TB HDD and yet still crashed"
76561197988001805,Recommended,221540,15965274,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Belgarath,"Great basis of a game. Very solid tower defense. However...Steam workshop, you must pay for maps singularly. From what ive read so far, if i wanted to bring out a free map for dg2, it would not be possible.Like skyrim, people are being forced to pay to use the steam workshop.Big no, no.People should always have a choice.Another bad point of the game, if you do not like grinding, stay away.108 hours in i only have about 3 quarters of the tower upgrades. Which makes the game tedious, if you want to play competitively score wise.Simply put, you cannot play on the hardest difficulty without these tower upgrades.Imo, if its on sale buy it. Otherwise stick to dg1 for the time being. The game also runs rather bad considering the graphics.But it is still a solid tower defense otherwise.72/100Edit: Thankfully, there is a site now which you can go to upload your own or download other peoples custom maps."
,Recommended,221540,13058027,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,GreyMack,Waited for this with much anticipation and while it's great fun it just doesn't have the same magic DG1 had.It's really hard to say why that is as there is nothing that particular stands out as wrong with the game it just seems to be missing that magic spark.However the game is still great fun and recommended to all woer defense fans out there.I'm also sure there will be DLC in the pipeline which will extend the life of the game.
,Recommended,221540,30512894,Posted: 14 March,all,Warspite,The best TD game ever made. I just wish they would make DG3.
,Recommended,221540,12242511,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,IIIStrife,"DG2 or Defense Grid 2 is a Tower defense game where you defend power cores from a herd, army, horde and flood of aliens of all kinds, using towers of all kinds, each with their own use and abilities.Okay it's not anything new if all you look at is all that, but this game hasm ore content than any of the online flash games you can play for free.It's got a storymode, those same missions have up to 9 different different mode, and there's about 6 chapters, each with 4 each, so there's about 24 different levels.Don't forget how there's cooperative multiplayer, normal multiplayer which acts like a versus mode, and... that's as much as I've found out, having spent all 5 hours on the story mode.the game's music is something I've never once got tired of, and the dialogue always entertains me.I usually always hate getting into a series at the 2nd game or even later, as i have no idea what is what or who is who, however after 12 missions, I can easily say for a fact that I love the series and i love the characters and I find it easy to get invested into the game.Inbetween missions, there's dialogue which seems to be talking about something different than what is going on in the story, however, 12 missions in (and having a creative mind helps) I can't help but feel as if it's talking about the Power Cores you protect.I don't want to spoil too much so lets get on with the reviews other bits. The graphics and appearances of things in the game are rather nice to look at, and the game doesn't lag a single bit, even if every tower spot is filled with towers and literally the whole screen is just almost nothing but towers.The gameplay however is awesome, with alot of other Tower Defense games in mind.Upgrading towers is simple and straightforward, and no single tower is the be-all or end-all to any map. You can even use a single tower for most maps and beat it.The game is very simple in difficulty aswell. Easy is actually Easy, Normal is what Normal usually should be, Hard is actualy hard, and Elite is as hard as any after-Hard difficulty.The camera is controlled by the mouse, with the cursor locked at the center, and the cursor on any in-game menu before the end level screen is locked to go up or down a certain amount, preventing you from accidentally clicking elsewhere.Honestly I love this game, I just simply love it.Overrall, I give this game a 9/10, It's jsut nothing but a pleasure to play. If you like strategy, tower defense or wave-based games then pick this up.The only things I don't like, is how the menu of modes don't display medals which are earned, though that may be how I've only played on Easy, and thye only appear on the menu itself on Normal. The game also doesn't have a pause feature, though I imagine that might detract from the game somehow."
76561198022787888,Not Recommended,221540,12262493,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Deawellyn,"Hey!I have only 36 minutes on DG2 and am already writing review. I wish I had read negative ones before buying (I only did positive ones) and even if i did, truth be told, I wouldn't believe them. Screenshots look amazing and DG1 was amazing - so - how can it be bad?Well, truth is, all the negative posters are right. Game is a huge dissapointment.I am a fan of DG1 and simply LOVE it and there isn't a negative thing I can say about it; I particularly love the interest and scoring system and I try to be top 1% on all missions. So from tactical / strategic point, I am ""demanding costumer"".Now to DG2:- menus and GUI are plain horrible (try it and see it)- resources raise at 10/tick, regardless if you have 0 or 5000 - what's up with interest and its tactical value? (here I have to say, maybe i haven't played long enough to get to that point and it is in game later on, but not at beginning (it was in DG1))- graphics: its really ugly. Screenshots were beautiful, game itself is not. It makes you believe screenshots are art-concepts and not from within actual game, cuz those few colorful pixels moving around on your screen are far from what screenshots advertise. Further, the game itself feels ""wrong"". I don't know how to explain better, but movement of towers building, of towers upgrading is just ""cheap"". DG1 had it done superbly, each upgrade of tower took exactly the same amount of time and you knew exactly when it will collapse and come back up as stronger version. I don't doubt that timing-wise here it's the same, but the way it is animated? It feels cheap and wrong.Having said that I played 3 missions, scored 3 golden medals and what I am still wondering about (after I closed the game as I had enough of dissapointment) is - how I could NOT get them, since i killed all aliens and kept all cores. Where is the difference between my score and score of other players if all aliens are killed, game lasted same duration (all waves) and we got same amount of ""resource ticks"". Where does the difference appear?And even positive posters wrote about stupid secondary tower abilities upgrade system and getting mk2 type abilities over mk1 in total random fashion.All in all what I grasped in 36 minutes of playing is that this game appears to be colorful cluster♥♥♥♥ of pixels made for 10 years olds who get sick of repetitive stuff and challenges in 10 minutes, having lots of extra abilities compared to dg1 (secondary tower abilities, colorful-yet-ugly tower animations and circles and generals to help with) and it has absolutely none of old DG1 charm.I'm going back to DG1..."
,Recommended,221540,11370983,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Pemalite,"This isn't just any tower defense game... (For an asking price of $25 you would hope not!) but THE tower defense game.If you enjoyed the origional Defense Grid, you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,221540,11344774,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,twitch.tv churvin,"Don't fix what ain't broke, and build upon it,I felt right at home with Defense Grid 2. Currently playing the beta and I must say I'm having an absolute blast. I'm a person that hops from tower defense game to tower defense game (Defense Grid, Plants .vs. Zombies, Anomaly, Sanctum TD) and this game follows the trend of successfully building upon a genre that became stale very quickly. There is a lot to look forward to from this title."
76561197971709617,Recommended,221540,31878631,Posted: 21 May,all,Shepard,"Although the game was out several years ago, I think it is still the best tower defense game available now. IMHO, the multiplayer part is fun with friends, not so much with people you don't know. However I spent most of my time on this game playing the solo campaign, which is fun and not overcomplicated.The biggest concern I have with this game is that there is no way other than counting to know how far you are in the ""win 100 gold medals"" achievement ;-)"
,Recommended,221540,31510002,Posted: 2 May,all,hotchkiss,"This defense game is great! It is also running (again) seamlessly on GNU/LinuX (Gentoo). My GPU can't play it on the highest settings (integrated Intel GPU), but from the settings I can use, the graphics are great too. Solid TD with above average graphics.From reading the other comments, it appears as though the ""community maps"" are for sale in the store, but it displays a warning that community maps won't run on GNU/Linux. Never tried them, and if you can get this on sale, it's worth it just for the normal game."
,Not Recommended,221540,24945033,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,osirish,"I've 100's of hours of gameplay logged on DG-1, it's a great game, and was really looking forward to DG2, but I'm pretty much done with DG-2 after 19 hours. (I wish there was a ""maybe"" option)It's hard to put my finger on why it's just not as much fun (subjectively) or doesn't have the same longevity.The developers have added a lot to the sequel. You have the same familiar gameplay and towers, but now you have boost towers which give added abilities to the towers built on them. In addition to the orbital cannon of the original, you can now choose other powers from the space station. Instead of one general AI, you now have multiple AI's vying for your attention and telling the story as you play through the campaign. The number of challenges per map has increased and there are hundreds of challenges. You can see the high scores of people on your friends list who have played the game and can try to beat their scores. The developer has really added a lot of content to the sequel while still keeping things familiar to those who have played the original.I know this sounds silly, but perhaps there was too much added. You get lost in a sea of menu's and sub-menu's which take a while to figure out. Multiple AI's mean multiple voice actors and some were great and some were terrible. The AI's tell the story in the present while you are playing the campaign, and the background to the story is told via text between levels, but I just didn't find the story interesting. There was a lot of DLC, some free, for the first game, but there's almost none for this game. The game talks about using the steam workshop, but you can't download user created content from the workshop, you can only vote on maps you can't play, and those with the most votes might be added in a DLC pack in the future. The game promises to send you a steam code for DLC map if you register for the newsletter. I did three times and still no code. Again, it's hard to put my finger on why DG1 was much better because it's subjective, but DG2 just seems to be missing it's soul. The humor of the first game is gone. The relationship with the AI in DG1 is gone. They are lost in a sea of voices trying to tell a sci-fi story that doesn't add much to the game.It's not terrible, but I miss the simplicity and character interaction of the original. If you haven't played DG1, buy it.DG2 is a solid TD game and probably worth even full price, but lacks the staying power of the original ...."
76561197993583071,Recommended,221540,34675575,Posted: 1 September,all,Tangleman,I prefered DG1.6/10
76561198054074351,Not Recommended,221540,20562972,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Model Engine,"Defense Grid: The Awakening, aka DG1, was awesome. DG2 is terrible. They took a great game and f'd it up. Cheezy lines, crappie voice acting, you name it, it's got it. Save your shekels, look elsewhere for a good tower defense game, cuz this ain't it."
,Not Recommended,221540,27837280,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Csar,"On linux:Local multiplayer is broken. It seems the bug was reported in June 2015 and the developer has yet to address it. When running the game on Linux distros it will point out that the game ""requires two players"" when multiple XBox 360 controllers are attached.On another machine the game has tons of graphical glitches and the menus are displayed with rainbow colored / no text.I loved the first defense grid and was looking forward to being able to play the second one on linux. But it's not there yet."
76561197967328250,Not Recommended,221540,15805993,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,puffy_fluff,Campaign mode is shorter than I expected - I guess I shouldn't have played it on normal but I wasn't really thinking about it.In DG1 I kind of enjoyed the dialog - in this game I did not.  Nuff said.
,Not Recommended,221540,20647964,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The doctor is in,"uninspiring, lackluster releasesame old same old gameplayterribly horrible confusing menu ui that will have you moving your mouse and clicking all over the placeenemy paths on some maps are sometimes near impossible cause of the texture colors used and lightingwoefully unbalanced levels that are easily beatenedoverpowering boosters and towers that make it all too easysome makes have overly confusing layouts made worse by above issuestorry is little more than a confusing cacophony of voices babbling nonsenseand while steam workshop support is welcomed, private store where you can buy maps outside of steam is not, they should have just had those maps as paid dlcs in steam, like they did with dg1so get dg1 instead, much better and less expensivebought it for the cardsplaying it cause im boredoverall score: Raspberry Lollipops Meh"
,Recommended,221540,12219362,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,DrSnap,"As a tower defense geek im off course some bias, but i´ll try to give an objective view.For those of you that loved the prequel, well you dont even have to read. You can just buy this new iteration of Defense Grid 2.For those who want some more information; heres my (although little) review.With the obvious graphic update, this game gives a new update to the concept that were made in the prequel. The gameplay and feel of the game is all in all the same as the predecesser. And thats a good thing. Because many developers would build up its sequel in so way that it easily differate from its prequel. But here; the developers has made a clear choice in keeping it so close to the original as possible.Now, off course, the concept here is pure tower defence. And how much can you differ from it without becoming something else. Well, this game has certain new features that will make it fun for us tower defense geeks.More choices for every tower, whereby you now can choose certain skills for them as the game goes on. You can now also use more then the original shot from outer space, you have several different ""shots"" with various powers to choose from.Overallt this is a great contribution, although some would say its probably more like a Defense Grid 1,5, due to its visual update. But with its better balance and pure gameplay, makes this a great game for mostly anybody.Add to this, the new feature of multiplayer. Either Coop or play against, you can now play with your friends, by sharing the level.This along side with all the different modes make this game a great contribution to the Tower Defence genre.All in all, a must buy if you like strategy/tower defence :D"
,Not Recommended,221540,34825344,Posted: 8 September,all,Adam,Taking community created content for their own profit.  Loved the first one.  Didn't know about the community rippoff when I bought this one. Won't buy a third one.
,Recommended,221540,12767200,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Mandelbrot1975,"This really is one of the penultimate tower defense games. I played the daylights out of the first one, getting gold medals in all but 5 or 6 of the ""extra"" missions and putting way more than 125 hours into it. At first I wasn't too heavily into this game. It's different in its own right yet it has a similar theme. The addition of boost towers, boosted abilities and tower modifiers adds a different element to the game that I allowed myself to become overwhelmed with (min/max theorycrafting). At first I let it take away from the game but then I realized that while these augments made aspects of the game easier, they weren't required.I am on the last round of missions and the game has really grown on me. I appreciate its simplicity and yet the depth of options and replay value. It's a game I can sit down and play a single map or I can play for hours if I choose. Most of the levels are well designed and have enough vareity that I can tackle the alien problems in different ways. There is some easy levels and there are some brutal levels giving me a vareity of play experiences from the joyful to the ultra frustrated (and then elated when you figure it out).If you like TD games, this is a no-brainer. These guys know how to make a solid TD game."
76561198005510703,Recommended,221540,29703447,Posted: 4 February,all,mortsmi7,"The game is alright, it's no DG1. The normal difficulty on campaign is too easy for my taste. And I really don't care for the little cheap-shot waves they throw at you  in the later levels, that you can only kill with a well-timed orbital laser. Many of the towers feel utterly useless. I can use tesla, temporal, concussion, meteor, and the occasional cannon to beat every level, and it doesn't take many at all. Some of the towers, it is hard to see what upgrade they are on, overcharged green towers look a lot like yellow ones. Elaborate planning isn't required for this game, which is a shame because the levels allow for a lot of tower expansion and none is needed."
,Recommended,221540,22363646,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Blue,"I haven't played the first Defense Grid so i won't compare between the two.I had a trip down memory lane playing this game. I used to play those small silly tower defense flash games on sites like Newgrounds when i was a kid. This game takes this to a whole new level and i think it is awesome!There's enough towers to choose from and a lot of aliens. It's pretty too, graphics are great. There is also a lot of different modes to try out like limited towers or a fixed amount of money to name a few.The story was quite entertaining, i liked the voice acting. However it ended rather abruptly, but that might just be me who expected a more dramatic ending or something in that manner. But whatever, i didn't really expect a story at all to be honest, so good job!So long story short, i had a blast and i will recommend this game for people who like Tower Defense games based out of my own personal opinion."
,Recommended,221540,33380057,Posted: 8 July,all,Mugros,"I loved the first DG and this is also a good TD game, but there is barely anything new and I felt this is just more of the same, but it lacks some soul. Played the story months apart and didn't even bother with the extra modes.I played the ""original"" for over 90 hours. I played this for not even 9 hours.Get it for cheap, but you could also just play part 1."
76561198093260511,Not Recommended,221540,20155621,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Keibal,"It is a good tower defense game to spend some time, but honestly there are others far cheaper and better than this one. This game seemed to be main focused on extending the jogability of the ones who played the DG1, it is more like an expansion.The campaing had an interesting history, but it did not develop well. The fact that from the begining I could choose any mission on the whole campaing was bad too, as it did not gave the sensation of evolution. After about 4 levels you have unlocke all towers in the game and besides some really small upgrades (+10% damage, see invisible, etc) there is nothing to improve, and again there is no feeling of achieving something.In all this seems to be a game for fans of DG1 that wanted a multiplayer and editor mode experience, and not a game on its own. I would definetly recomend others."
,Not Recommended,221540,12336277,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,gnarly space ingredients,"Don't bother buying this game until the heat crash issue on AMD gfx cards is fixed. There will be a public update with precisely that happy news soon, I am sureedit: oh, it's not just AMD cards, also 7xx nVidia ones. And maps meant to be handed out to backers and testers are not arriving. And when you try to add community ones, the game install corrupts.So now I feel I have license to move on to the subjective. The graphical load has increased, but at all settings the game looks worse. The towers look worse. The interest rebalance removed depth but added accessibility to the game. The menu interfaces feel like a console port, totally bizarre and unnecessary.Presumably this is appended with ""2"" because of an engine overhaul and loads of backend work and a rebalance? I can't tell. I'd've bought more dg1 maps happily. I'm tempted to believe that what has actually happened hasn't even been as positive as that -- presumably to cater to the features that will make them more money, HPE have created a mess of a backend."
,Recommended,221540,13848753,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ManuTOO,"DG1 is a masterpiece.So of course it wasn't easy for DG2 to come after that. It's in all ways inferior to its ancestor, especially visually, which is quite surprising, but it's still a good game and it offers a nice ride with a bunch of levels.Try to get it during a sale, though ; at full price (~US$25), it feels too pricey if you already played & bought DG1 and all its DLC (like me ;-) )."
,Not Recommended,221540,12343932,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,mat735,"I LOVED the first defense grid, but this version feels like it was outsourced to some outside company and all the solid features have been completely ripped out. The polish is sub par at best. For example when you select a unit, they allow you to move the mouse cursor up and down but not side to side. This is pure laziness on the side of the developer. The menus are confusing and barely understandable. HUGE step back from the first version which I bought on the 360 first and later on the PC just to support the dev.Sadly disappointed..."
,Not Recommended,221540,15819630,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,IT WAS AWFUL,"Missing the charm of the original and makes the narrative misstep of shoe-horning a catchphrase into a major plot point. Graphics feel like a step backwards and the level design is uninspired, especially following the chaotic fun of the You Monster campaign.DG2 introduces a plethora of new options, but the difficulty level is uneven and mostly too easy. Like lesser tower defense games, you can apply the same general strategy to nearly every map. If you haven't played many tower defense games, you can do worse than buy this game. But if you loved the original, you'll probably feel this sequel has fallen flat."
,Not Recommended,221540,19854864,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Great_Snake,A little to slow and predictable for me.
,Recommended,221540,11749139,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Sir_Ty,"Wow, cannot wait for this to get out of Beta!  The new Boost tower adds another layer of strategy to an already exciting game.  They also allow you to rotate the board to see it from different vantage points, and the graphics are improved over the original.  The Beta has been fairly stable in the short time I've played it, but it did have sound issues after a long session."
,Not Recommended,221540,20150779,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,pphrah,"Honestly, not really very fun. I played this in co-op and the inclusion of another player didn't save the tedium. The first iteration of this series was great, DG1 was very enjoyable. Something was lost though in the second try around. I just couldn't pinpoint anything I was really enjoying."
76561197972707987,Recommended,221540,11754625,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,treeves3,"*** BETA REVIEW ***While this game doesn't seem anywhere near ready for prime time, the right elements are there to build upon. Compared to the first Defense Grid, the graphics currenlty seem clunky, off center in places, and the towers seem unbalanced - some nowhere near the cost it takes to implement them. The AI is buggy (I could get all the aliens to spin in the same spot on 14- green towers only - even though they had a clear path), the game crashes, and the smooth, polished feel of the first DG is not currently present. Having said all that, it is BETA, and you takes your chances. While I can't imagine the developers fixing everything by Sep 23, the potential for a great game is there. So, given the binary choice between Yes and No for recommendation, I lean towards yes based on the developer's past success. But the real answer is, Wait And See...*** FINAL GAME ***Ignore every concern or reservation I had in the Beta and BUY THIS GAME!!! Now well polished and complete, Hidden Path delivered on every count. Like the first Defense Grid, this one is an absolute addiction!"
76561198073087641,Not Recommended,221540,12384258,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,phil.regier,"Soooooo bad...   Lousy controls, unbearable nattering voiceovers, overblown graphics for such underwhelming artwork.  Grossly overpriced and very disappointing."
76561198008082342,Recommended,221540,12153685,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,ogre,"Enjoyed all aspects of the game, many hours of enjoyable play,definately would recommend to others, Thanks to all whoseeffortsmade this game possible !"
,Recommended,221540,20009308,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sci-Clone,"If you like TD, and have not played any of the Defense Grid games, you sure are missing out on one of the best TD games on Steam!"
,Recommended,221540,20882532,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,BumpShot,Great game
,Recommended,221540,28608152,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ChrisWarner103,"Such a good game, I always play it when I go on holiday and I dont have internet"
,Recommended,221540,22033194,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Wookology,"Great game, great tower defence!"
76561198142584254,Recommended,221540,22097896,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,InspireHope86,fun :)
76561198051194348,Recommended,221540,30734058,Posted: 25 March,all,Chance,Solid tower defence game.The narrative overlayed on top is slightly dubious but there is still hours of fun to be had min/maxing each layout and the evolution of enemy units and your own defences is great.
,Not Recommended,221540,13925095,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Guardious,"My first negative review ever! (well darn close to ever!) and I won't even waste time going down a list, if you looking for solo play there is fun here, if your looking for mp of anytype move along. The development team is long gone and this is a pure cash and run scenario at this point. This title and another are both under the same guy. I seen this before, get so far spent to much company money, scrounge to continue ONLY if it = new income... yeah move on people move on."
76561198021722757,Recommended,221540,33785094,Posted: 25 July,all,h-t-h,"super game,,,the only down side is that some people are able to post impossible scores esp . in the competitive elitegameplay modes...those cheated scores ruin it for honest players...But the game is just awesome ..."
76561198029709146,Recommended,221540,30250014,Posted: 28 February,all,Jeroen,Quite challanging and fun to play. The dialog is... well... less good XD
,Recommended,221540,21577854,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Not Triggered,"I'll be honest. The Turret defense games that exist are generally a steaming pile of crap.This is an exception. It differs from the traditional ""Towers can be put here"" by giving you basically an entire blank field to build them. You can adjust tower height. Customize tower specialties. Customize your ultimate ability. Customize colors. Everything about the game takes the faults of the genera and puts it onto a new light and a new stage.An awesome game, especially those who are fans of the original defense grid.And Raspberries are tasty. (play the game, get the reference)"
,Recommended,221540,22666209,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,GeeNinja,I played this to death on the console ;0.I just had to play it for my pc.loved every second when I play but now I just wished they made a DG3 :'(
,Recommended,221540,22620601,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Theyrvalls,"What is Defense Grid 2?Genre: tower defenseSetting: futuristic science fiction world gets attacked by aliensDifficulty: depends on difficulty level - everything from 2/10 to 10/10Length: 10 hours for a single campaign walkthrough, plus a lot more if interested in multiplayer and additional contentMode: singleplayer campaign and game modes, multiplayerThe positive aspects:- Content monster! 20 campaign levels plus eight game modes plus a lot of additional DLC and community-made content make this game a long-time experience- easy to learn, well-timed introduction of new towers and their abilities- fair, but challenging difficulty levels- different defense towers with upgrades and special abilitiesThe negative aspects:- superficial story- texts are very very very small (by the means of it) and thus hard to read- towers and enemies could have had even more diversityResult (and summary for those who have no time reading):Defense Grid 2 is a real must-have when it comes to tower defense games. Don't hesitate to buy it, even at full price it is worth every penny (or cent, or whatever currency you pay with)!"
,Recommended,221540,22352221,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,keybearer,"Pretty sweet TD game, wish it had more mazing to it."
76561197970736752,Recommended,221540,11388597,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Soon Dead,Based on the beta:Played the first one? If so then you better get this one. Didn't play it? Then you also better get this one since you can get the first one as part of the pre-purchase plan. This is THE tower defense game. Best one out there and the sequel only manages to raise the bar another notch. Plus it's got a level editor so you know people will create even more maps to play down the road. The ONLY bad thing...we have to wait until September to play the full game.
76561198118547736,Recommended,221540,12119527,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,EXO <(°_°)>,"I am sure that the finishd version is going to be great!But there is just one little detail i would very like to see changed, and that would be the leaderboard system.It should be easyer to compare each others point so i would suggest that the ranking of the player would be integratedin the top or bottom of the ranking menu to make things easyer for us!And thanks in advance for probably another awesome defense grid.Thank u"
,Recommended,221540,12204337,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Darkone2e @ Best,"Having played the Beta and the original game, I can only say I love these games."
,Recommended,221540,17542930,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Lyon,"My reccommendation here is reluctant. Defense Grid 2 is certainly an improvement on Defense Grid, and it brings a lot of fun things to the table. However, There are significant issues plaguing the game on all fronts.Bugs render the game nearly unplayable in certain points. On a particular mission I found that building too many of one type of tower caused the game to crash consistently. Also, setting different resolutions using the launcher causes the game to behave strangely in different ways.The voice acting and writing is hammy and unbelievable. When you had the one robot talking to you in the first game, it was pleasant and even kind of funny: he set the mood really well. Suddenly, in Defense Grid 2 there are multiple AIs all interacting with each other in strange ways, and it's never really explained where they all come from. Their interaction makes the obviously forced and childishly-written dialog painful to the ears. Kudos to the game for making them unavailable when they're indisposed in the story though.The difficulties aren't calculated very well. Defense Grid was kind of hard! This game is pretty easy even when playing on hard difficulty. Honestly, the difficulty was what gave Defense Grid replay value, and after completing just the story mode in 2 I'm starting to get bored.All this aside, the game is very pretty. It's graphically superior to it's predecessor and the levels are designed really well. The addition of the different superweapons, command shuttle allowing you to spend resources to modify the placement environment, and the modified towers and gameplay are all very well implemented. All of the changes are simultaneously intuitive and graceful."
76561198009420770,Not Recommended,221540,20558615,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,GunMonk3y,"Recommended only if you picked the bones of DG1 clean (and its dlcs) .. and even then make sure you get this on sale. Then you won't feel too bad a week or so later when you're bored of it.This could have been the Portal 2 of TDs but the pacing and atmosphere of the first gets replaced with farce as a bunch of stupid new AIs run around drunk.TD wise, barely a sequel, it's basically DG1 for consoles (obligatory ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI, Vsync defaults to 60hz). A few extra tweaks to the SAME DG1 towers, that may appeal to hard core min maxers but you would have to be autistically obsessed tbh.Oh well."
,Recommended,221540,11294082,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Miomjon,"Even though the game is still in beta, it feels fairly polished, it just doesn't offer all the contents that will be available at launch. As for the game itself, it's basically what you would expect: DG1 with new, interesting mechanics. If you liked the first instalment, you will like DG2 as much or even more, depending on how good the campaign will be.In short: if you are a big fan of DG and crave for more, buy it; otherwise, wait for the game release later this year."
76561198000116246,Recommended,221540,12245925,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,TiTeddyBear,"The same defense grid but with better graphics and more plot.And the few new towers and abilities make for more variety and complexity, without over-complicating everything.I've only played 5 missions but so far I am loving it :)"
,Recommended,221540,13531633,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Elbast,"If you liked the first game, you'll like this one too. Nice visual update, same playability - a fun diversion."
,Recommended,221540,14436285,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Veihus ☂,"If you’re unfamiliar with Defense Grid, its biggest hook in the tower defense world is one that can be explained fairly easily. As you play, certain stages have levels with open grids on them for tower placement. The creeps, those are the aliens trying to steal your cores and take them back, will alter their paths based on your tower placement.So, there’s a strategy in placing towers in specific spots rather than just plopping each gun down and upgrading to win. Now, I don’t think Defense Grid was the first to do this, but I do think it does it exceptionally well. Each level that has these open layouts is much more interesting and challenging than others, and command centers on the levels will let you annex new regions in order to push out the length of the creeps’ path.You’re not only playing with your budget in order to come up with the best defense power, but you’re trying to lay out towers and boost blocks (basically, a tower upgrade spot that brings better stats to your big guns later in each level) so that you can do the most damage on creeps during their runs.What’s frustrating about this game is that it’s impossible to have a planning phase. The levels start without you saying so, so you won’t be able to look at the map and decide which path is best before you start laying towers. Especially in the later game, the creeps move too fast and are far too strong for you to sit around and plan tower placement. I found this tough to contend with, especially since I’m the type of player who can’t play through tower defense games without getting perfect scores.I like the dynamic paths and forcing creep behavior, I just wish the game would give me an option to pause and look at the map before it steals all my cores and causes me to lose.  That’s probably just the perfectionist in me, though."
76561197963989753,Recommended,221540,12129691,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Merl1n the Green,nice! now with MP
,Recommended,221540,11412965,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SmilinLion,Best tower defense game IMO
76561198031288853,Recommended,221540,32322621,Posted: 10 June,all,jojo,Its fun but the interface is terrible. and it just does annoying things like randomly switching out of fullscreen mode in game
,Recommended,221540,12365383,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Fee501st,"I'm not a big tower defense player, but i love this game and I'm hooked! I love the games art style! You should check it out!"
,Not Recommended,221540,28410392,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,StowOwnsYou,"For a game that was hyped for Local Coop Tower defense, it completely fell on its face.  Was the legacy of the first game too much to live up to?"
76561197977396477,Not Recommended,221540,25628726,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,CERVIXpounder,Defense grid 2 does everything defense grid 1 did (only more so) except free maps.  That's RIGHT all the maps submitted  to the steam work shop are paid only you have to go to this external sighthttp://www.dg2freemaps.com/category/forever-free-maps/to get free maps.  Due to this disturbing choice DG2 loses nearly all the replay value of it predecessor because even the modes are the same. This shouldn't be shocking as this is the studio/publisher who made payday 2 an unbearable cash grab: 505 games.**In short if you don't have DG1 get it instead.  If you really like DG1 get 2 at deep discount.
76561198024992547,Not Recommended,221540,19859059,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Set,"i'm pretty big fan of tower defense, and bought this game after seeing what i thought were great reviews for this.i dont really understand why this game is well regarded.There's nothing special about this game. The graphics are pretty flat. the aliens are pretty uninteresting. The towers themselves are well animated, but it does nothing to service the gameplay.There are many free or cheaper games that scratch the tower defense itch better than this game or its prequel."
,Not Recommended,221540,14800447,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Fake Mustache,"Marred by the same problem as the first Defense Grid: The difficulty is a rollercoaster. It alternates between stupid easy and stupid hard, usually based on map type. Some maps lets you build a tower maze, others don't. Some let you have a second crack at enemies as they try to escape with cores, others put their exit somewhere else. Some give you one avenue of attacks, others give you 2-4 enemy routes to defend against. And how difficult a given map is is entirely based on that.The even more frustrating part is enemies don't seem consistent. Some maps start with a horde of weak enemies that die instantly. One map later just 2 or 3 of what appear to be the same enemies will rush through your defense unphased. Could be different enemies, but most of them look the same in this game. The artist chose coherent enemy aesthetics over making distinct enemy types easily recognizable. Their movement patterns are the most distinct thing about them and most enemies adhere to just 3 types of movement: The normal walking speed, the crawling speed, and the rusher.Even within the same map, difficulty randomly jumps. Some waves are easy, some are nearly impossible. You'll go half the game not letting a single enemy by then get a wave of shielded aliens that run right past your Tesla (shield-destroying) Towers without blinking even if you have 4 fully upgrades, damage-boosted of the Tesla Towers specifically for peeling shielded aliens of their shields at the start of the enemy path.Like the first game, DG2 survives on one thing: Tower Defense is a dead genre. There is no competition. If you really crave a TD game better than a poor flash clone it'll be worth the money. But not by much."
,Not Recommended,221540,17714177,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,bartmoss,"The game itself is fine, basically more of what DG1 offered, but purchasable workshop maps aren't.Get DG1 instead."
76561197994038897,Recommended,221540,12217365,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ned Damascus,"Best TD title is back and hitting hard! I must say I had my doubts, before I saw it in action on my own screen. If you have or haven't experienced DG1, this is a must buy. Many things have changed for better or worse, but still more coud've been done. Graphics are pretty much the same, but explosions got a major bloom/flare treatment that would make J.Lo burn her A cup. Script and specially voice acting are top notch and often absolutely hilarious.There are plenty of levels to explore, replay value with multiple game modes and difficulties. By the looks of it, we'll be getting more levels in near future made by community and developers. I just hate the fact that they ask money for average designs already. Only real problem that I complain is a dodgy difficulty. It is showing it's ugly face very clearly on competitive mode. There you won't be able to use AI bonus/tower perk tricks and even on normal you will run into a wall of W.T.F moments, a lot.Once you are getting used to a single player content, there is an option for challenging multiplay, either co-op or against. Shame that there is no option for speeding up the game (co-op 24.9.14), so combat often feels like watching a paint dry. If you're playing with a random player, shared resources mean that a person with a faster metabolism steam rolls.DG2 has a lot of shells for a boomstick. Even that we are getting near perfection, I would've hoped for a little more tuning before release. Thinking about some sort of rpg elements and programmable towers? Those darn towers sometimes just shoot the wrong targets! Anyway, to me this is worth every penny and if you purchased DG2 in beta you got a pile of extra stuff. That nice little copy of DG1 to give to your friend, -50% ticket for Windborne (which looks really promising) and more. Hidden Path Entertainment, you have done it!9,5/10Money value: Insert your coins here!p.s. Some of the leaderboards seem to be infected by cheaters..."
76561198107669471,Recommended,221540,17752901,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,FernandoIT@,simply the best tower defence game for PC
76561198365022292,Recommended,221540,30336652,Posted: 5 March,all,SmiteMatter,"Really good, really short for the money. Towers are the same as DG1. Just some new comander perks that hve hardly any impact on the game. Its really a sharper looking content update to DG1 than anything.Thats not necessarily a bad thing. When i finished DG1 I wangted more and that exactly what DG2 brings. More! This is a great TD starter game for those new to the genre. Its also challenging enough to keep TD vets interested. Very nice graphics and fun."
76561198013026902,Recommended,221540,29258588,Posted: 14 January,all,The Jaguar,"DG1 was one of the best tower defense games of all time.  DG2 is a worthy follow-up to that game.  DG2 does, of course, have better graphics.  All of the maps are well designed and extremely fun.  And, like DG1, this game has plenty of alternate play modes, such as Frozen Core, Out Of Bullets, SuperGrinder, etc.  This installment also introduces Boost towers that can give second row towers better line-of-sight, and which also amp up your towers with added abilities like extra damage, enemy shield disruption, etc.  However, DG2 seemed a lot easier to me.  I mean, I can play SuperGrinder on ""Elite"" difficulty setting and still get a gold medal on the level without breaking much of a sweat.  Also, there isn't as many maps that come with the game, so the game felt shorter to me than DG1.  Still, overall, it's a phenomenally good game just like its predecessor.  Highly recommended."
76561197961441091,Recommended,221540,21191820,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,eSZett,Congratulations! You have unlocked every single Achievement!
,Recommended,221540,31929115,Posted: 23 May,all,Scrappycoco,"Sometimes there are days when the latest action or FPS doesn't hit the spot; most gamers worth their salt have those occasional moments where you just want to sit back, solve a puzzle and strategise, and it's in this place we find a niche for casual games - I personally enjoy Bejewelled, Tetris and games of that ilk, but a few years ago I found a small game on the steam store called Defense Grid: The Awakening. I played a few levels and was immediately hooked, as the game offers a challenge on a variety of levels, engaging you and pushing you to figure things out - it's a rare strategy game in the modern age where none of the maps have a single clear solution, and so by finding alternative routes, weapons combinations etc., ayou can push your score higher, and indulge in a little friendly competition with your friends.Defense Grid II repeats this formula, and it's no bad thing; it expands the story of the first, and even more remarkably is just as good despite hidden path also working on CS:GO at the time - this time though, in addition to 20 levels that can be quite maddening at time, there has been extra scope given for user maps.This game is nothing short of a must for anyone with a discerning steam library. a legitimate 5* entry that few others actually deserve."
76561197963803737,Not Recommended,221540,24702110,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Clarity,This Game is a Huge Grind.  You can't complete the harder modes without better Tower Powers and you get those at random.  I'v gone 5 - 7 games without any rewards.   DO NOT BUY.  If you loved DG1  it's not the same.
76561197993189274,Recommended,221540,12280801,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Jack Ketch,"tl;dr: It's just as addictive as the original Defense Grid.I've played 83 hours of the original Defense Grid. No, it did not have 83 hours of content, but with the original campaign and several DLC packs we were given room to play with. And tweak, fiddle and generally mess around with what was possible. With all the different game modes, you could play each map dozens of times. DG2 gives us all that and more.What's different? - Shiny new graphics! More voiceover artists! New aliens!The only ""new"" tower is the Boost Tower, which goes under other towers. This makes whatever you build on top taller, and you can spend resources to activate a Boost Tower special ability: 25% damage bonus, cloak disruptor, score enhancement, etc. This makes command towers obsolete.The other tower change is the missile tower, which now also shoots ground targets.There's been some tweaking in the damage outputs, so that guns aren't always the most efficient option.Is it worth the price? - I was a little unsure about $25, but I've been totally sucked in by DG2. Music, graphics, gameplay are all great. There's even a plot this time. So yes, it's worth it."
76561198031187361,Not Recommended,221540,21088562,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,silent grief,"first thing first: I'm a huge DG fanbut I'm no fan of this one here.to be fair, the PROs:+ good looking menu+ nice graphics, but not really an improvement from DG:Awakening+ most of the game like in the first DG+ tesla tower with new abilities+ new: boost towersto be honest, the CONs:- tower AI. I just witnessed several towers turning and aiming for enemies without shooting because they were too busy turning. Very frustrating when you know that you actually built strong towers and the weakest aliens just run through.- controls suck. Backspace almost doesn't react, so when when you jump backwards and find yourself in the same situation because you just passed a checkpoint, you keep hitting backspace until you give up and simply restart the mission... o.O- controls suck. Again. The signals incoming from the mouse seem to be ignored by the game half the time. Affects the menu and ingame mechanics- new default game mode drops credits per killled alien, adds credits per second instead. Other game modes availableI must admit, I am a bit frustrated.4/10"
,Recommended,221540,19990279,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,mippzon,"The Defense Grid series is from my point of view one of the best tower defense games out there! Lots of levels, good story, it's challenging, each level has multiple playmodes and so on. Defense Grid 2 is very similar to the first one in the series, but that doesn't matter much to me, since I liked the first one as well.The sad part of Defense Grid 2 is that it supports multiplayer, but there is never anyone to play with, so I've never been able to try the multiplayer mode.It's an onverall good game! Buy it, especially when it's on sale!"
76561198204055520,Recommended,221540,35342912,Posted: 30 September,all,SnowWalker,"The game is still fun, still awesome, but I'm not liking the new look. Games have been devolving imo, to a cartoony appearance. Game creators think we want the bright colors ie: No Man's Sky, but it makes games look artificial, more unreal. The look of DGA was perfect and needed zero work.With DG2 I'm finding it harder to differentiate between towers and I hate the way the HUD is now less informative. I loved that screen which showed us exactly what and when an enemy would arrive in DGA, but now I don't understand the icons. I have to relearn everything as pertaining to what I'm looking at. The new camera angles are awesome though. Idk? When something works....why do they change that?"
76561198089537978,Recommended,221540,15735519,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,gnost,"Pros: decent tower defense game.Cons: too easy, when compared to the previous game; no interest from saved resources; story and dialogues are just silly.I'd recommend this DG2, but DG1 is way better."
76561198086359727,Recommended,221540,20481231,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,rick,"I have countless hours on DG1 on my xBox and PC, so decided to pick up DG2.  While it's fun and the new options (various boosts, etc.), there are too few levels and - man - can't those AI's ever shut up?  I finally just turned the volume to zero.I finished all the levels in a few hours, then went back and finished them on grinder and super grinder. Not much of a challenge. The original DG had much better diversity in levels. Overall it's fun. I made the mistake of purchasing the premium edition (or whatever they call it), expecting more levels. Nope. A cheesy Flash novella that I eventually found annoying and quit. I want a game that's fun to play, challenging and engaging. Not someone trying to be the next Heinlein. Poorly.If you liked the original DG, you'll find this one fun. For a couple of days."
,Recommended,221540,25373338,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,dudeofdixie,"Good tower defense for normal play, horrible for the higher challenge levels. They don't unlock tower upgrades at normal or even understood intervals. I'm unable to play higher levels because they didn't unlock the necessary upgrades needed to handle those levels."
76561197970163964,Recommended,221540,11320689,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Noobsa44,"Having played a little of this game, I would say it has a few rough edges (it is a beta) but overall it looks solid.  Given that I've played DG1 for years, on both the Xbox 360 and Steam with a total playtime of roughly 400 hours, I find the new look a bit odd.  It is shiny compared to the last game and it feels strange.  For a new player this would mean nothing, but there it is.  My biggest disappointment was in not realizing co-op did not mean local co-op.  Since I would play this locally on the couch, that is really very disappointing.  (Hint, Hint Hidden Path)  The user interface feels a little clunky in that it doesn't explain much about how the new base tower works.  It seems it adds bonus damage, but it is less than clear if it has an effect on non-attack towers.   I noticed that the zoom seems to not get as close as the first game did, which is a bit disappointing, but the zoom is not limited to just 3 positions which is good.  The fact that the levels change over time was a nice new mechanic, and much appreciated.  As for bugs, the only major one I saw in the 2 hours I played was that if I rewinded the game enough, the sound effects disappeared from the game completely."
76561197960448732,Recommended,221540,11387295,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Shrike30,"What's not to like?  Defense Grid was one of the best Tower Defense games I've ever played; DG2 doesn't stray far from a proven formula, but adds a number of interesting tweaks like levels that grow and morph, platforms to raise towers up on for improved LOS (but they block shorter towers now), and a greatly improved UI for effects on targets and towers."
,Recommended,221540,11755123,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,lordofhyphens,"If you liked Defense Grid: The Awakening, you'll (with 95% confidence) like DG2. Fletcher is back, and there are new tricks and abilities to this highly-entertaining tower defense game.Like the first game, come for the tower defense, stay for the memorable characters."
,Recommended,221540,14168939,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,MaxVector,"In a few words:This is the best small developer (see: indie) tower defense game out there.  There is always a debate in some communities if this game is ""better"" than the DG1.  For my money, DG2 is a fantastic game with more modes and better options than DG1.If you aren't familiar with the Defense Grid 1 there is nothing wrong with picking up this one and then going back and playing DG1.  DG2 just feels more complete as a game.In a few more words:This is a tower defense game.  You, as the player (or commander as they call it) build various mechanisms (aka towers) to stop aliens from stealing your resources.  If you lose all your resources, game over.Each map typically has aliens march along predetermined paths in their never ceasing quest to steal your energy cores.  Along this path are build points in which the player erects towers of various designs (missiles, guns, lasers, etc) to eliminate the aliens and move on to the next map.The goal is almost always to destroy all the aliens but the player is challenged to not only win, but build effciently in order to boost their score.  Towers can be upgraded and the player is awarded with bonuses and upgrades at various points in the game.There are multiple modes outside of the main story campaign.  They typically involve some type of special challenge or limitation.The bottom line:This is a great game and its a nice way to kill time when you are bored with more traditional strategy games.  I highly recommend it for tower defense fans and first timers who are interested in something a little different.Final Grade: B+"
,Recommended,221540,12243660,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Bazwah,"Manages to improve on everything from the original, which was already amazing. 10/10 for obsessive compulsives."
76561197977103369,Recommended,221540,11316834,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,sykoste,"so far so good - not many levels yet, but if you liked the old one, its more of the same with some nice new twists. Hopefully there will be some more content soon with the workshop and editor."
76561197980147522,Recommended,221540,11587247,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,[DSN] EXET,"As being a hugh fan of DG, I had to buy the second one too.The game has improved in many ways. The graphics are good and the new path display is very helpful in planning your towers. I also like the points display at the top right, where you can see how well you are doing for points. (That's if you are in the highscore gathering league, which I think is the most exciting thing about DG)Overall the game feels similar to the first one. I am sure the campaign will be great, since the Devs have done a great job with the first game and it's DLCs.I don't like the new music that much and would really like to see/hear the old music again. Maybe that could be as an option under the sound options?The tower design is good, although I would like to have them a little more different and easier to seperate. Once the map is more busy, it's a little difficult the identy what is what!Summary: If you liked the first game, you will definately like this one too! Can't wait to have the full game available and play the campaign!!!"
76561198036161472,Recommended,221540,11554556,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,gdyarborough,"Though this game is currently in beta, I highly recommend DG2. I'm looking forward to the release date in September."
76561198055343540,Recommended,221540,15262443,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Mr Cyclogenesis,"DG2 is another great game put out 505 Games. I will say that it is very much like DG the original, but that necessarily doesn't mean it's a bad thing. As T. Bert from the Jimmy Carter administration eloquently put it, “If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it”. This quote embodies DG2. Which is the reason that DG2 it is sensibly priced at $24.99 (without Steam sales). DG2 at its core is an expansion pack, but with a much desired and needed multiplayer to retain its replay ability factor. If you are unsure about buying DG2, buy the first one. However, if you have friends that own the second one, buy second one so you can play together; plain and simple."
76561198007513026,Recommended,221540,17353875,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,malcolmmackay224,"I enjoyed the first DG so the sequel seemed like a sure bet.I'm only a casual fan of tower defense games, so some of the balance issues others have reported don't bother me. For me the game is mostly more of the same, which is fine and I mostly enjoyed the game.Unfortunately, for me the balance was off. The first approximately ten missions were quite easy, then suddenly the difficulty ramped up too quickly. Also, the difficulty of each mission was poorly balanced - I often stuggled to defeat the first few waves of aliens, but always by around the middle of each mission, it became no challenge at all."
76561198031279556,Recommended,221540,15763239,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,[PGC]Thrasson,"Yes. It is a great TD game. And, theres coop and multiplayer to be BFF's or have them hate you for destroying them.graphics are great.control is great.sounds are great too.my only negative point are the multiplayer/ coop achievements. seems that theres never anyone to play with, ever, leading to yet another unfinished game. But thats just me i suppose."
76561197990539789,Recommended,221540,17458618,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Schuitje82,Defense Grid 2 is a Tower Defense video game.I think this is a video game you NEED to have if you like the Genre.It's haves some much better graphic part if you look to part 1.Part 2 haves more online options and now you can play with friends.Part one whas pure a single player video game.You have many towers as upgrades as most tower defense games.Everystage you can tweak it for extra challange options so replaying a stage is allways more fun.Part 1 whas a good game... and part 2 is much better... you won't see this everytime.In short great game.. a lot of hours of fun defending the cores.I give this game a 9/10 score.
,Recommended,221540,13603957,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,tgiokdi,"The game play is exactly like the first Defense Grid game, but with a shiny new coat of paint, movable camera and the removal of the silly air units.  My one complaint would be that there are far too many characters and dialogue for a tower defense grid game, i think there was more back and forth in the first couple chapters of this game than there was in the entire first game.Still happy with the end result though, I can always just turn on some mp3s :)"
,Recommended,221540,34245859,Posted: 14 August,all,[dirrty]gsharp,"This game is so darn addictive!  I started playing one level...and four hours later, here I am.  The levels are fun.  The different game modes add variety and keep the game challenging.   There is something sinful about plotting to kill so many waves of bad guys.  Planning your tower placements so they have to run almost in circles.  Creating killing zones where waves of bad guys just get demolished.  The variety of tower types also keeps the game fun.  Do you lay down a bunch of inferno towers and BBQ the bad guys?  Do you setup laser towers and just melt those fools?  Put meteor towers in the rear and watch while they just hurl destruction down upon the bad guys.  Once you get everything setup just right, you can sit back and watch the bodies of bad guys pile up.This game is just pure fun.I found myself replaying maps just to try different tower placement strategies.  One map I played seven or eight times in a  row.What was really neat is seeing how your score compares to your Steam friends who play the game....in real-time.  As you're laying waste to mobs, the games shows you what your Steam friends did on the same map and at the same time.  It's hard to describe but it's pretty neat to see.  When the map is over, you get a fancy graph that compares your game stats to your Steam friends.  It shows how many towers you deployed, how many were upgraded, how many cores you lost, etc.The more I play this game, the more I like it."
,Recommended,221540,22027955,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Logicbomb,The tower defense game that helped bring the genre back to life has a sequel and if you enjoyed the first one you will do the same with #2.  More story and more enjoyable characters brings a nice change to the story mode.
,Recommended,221540,12584368,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Kami,"Just as good as the original game and thats about all you need to say about this game. Some new features, like different ""ammo""-types for the towers, more AI advisors with different skills, multiplayer support (thou i havent tried it much) and some HUD improvments.Dislikes are that the UI is just as clunky (if not clunkier) then the previous game (navigating in the menues is cumbersome) and that the voice acting just went way to far this time. Having minutes of dialog forcing the very medicre story down your throat is irritating. But thankfully you can turn that of.All in all, if you liked the previous game you will like this game aswell."
76561198009865472,Recommended,221540,12179875,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Tobias Ren,"If you like tower defense games, I do, it was a no-brainer to buy this sequel to ""The Awakening"".  Looking forward to the full release."
76561197962074035,Recommended,221540,12529090,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Teh Moppy,"If you were a fan of the first game, you will be a fan of the second game.  There have been tweaks in a few aspects of the game in terms of scoring and resource generation that changes the scope of the game challenge.  The additional towers are great additions and fit well into the balance scheme, and the new scoring system encourages use of the Orbital Laser (as well as the various new Commander abilities) as a part of your tactical decision making (whereas it punished your score in the first game).The story isn't particularly compelling, but you will get a few chuckles out of it, and there are some loose ends wrapped up.  The gameplay, however, is superb and the variety of map challenges and the actual difficulty (hard gave me a run for my money, even after 150+ hours of DF1) give you a lot of to do.Oh, and Fletcher still gets super excited about cannons.  Which is probably the most important aspect of this game."
,Recommended,221540,12368919,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,]G[CannonC0cker,This is the best tower defense game since Defense Grid 1.  It easily lives up to the fun and challenge of its predecessor.  BUY IT NOW!
76561197960891979,Not Recommended,221540,12269223,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,2ds,"I've only played 2 levels so far and so far Defence Grid 2 is a poor shadow of the original. It's trite and formulaic to the extreeme, even on the second level I just ran the simulation in fast forward and upgraded all my towers and got a gold rating without having to expend any effort. I have suspicions there may be a good game in there but just playing the story mode on normal difficulty is not where it is. More play is warranted before a final judgement but if you want a straight up  sequel to DG1 you'll be disappointed from the get go."
,Recommended,221540,14785033,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Darkendone,"What can I say taht has not been said before.  This game is delightful, it plays okay, and the feel is similar to most tower defense game I have played.  I like the different stylings from the first game, but the detail may lag some machines out with default settings, you will want to play around and see what works best on your rig.  The gameplay is pretty straight forward.  All around good game for the right price."
76561198005820476,Not Recommended,221540,13464790,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Cynical Sykes,"Horrible game. Got it for Multiplayer. It *MIGHT* be viable for single player gameplay but its multiplayer is the worst piece of crap I have Ever experienced. It's obvious that this game was designed for single player and added in multiplayer as an after thought. Not only after a story multiplayer mission does it not continue the story, your only two options are to exit and recreate a lobby to select the Next mission or go back to select the Next Mission Anyway rather than the typical ""Continue"" type mechanic. What the hell type of thinking is this?There's no reason to play Multiplayer. None. Nothing.You share resources in multiplayer. They are Completely shared. It turns into two different people creating something together to one person directing where things go and the 2nd player sitting along for the ride. It is Ridiculous.The towers are horrible and boring. The first three are a standard machine gun tower, an inferno AoE one, and a cannon that trumps all in damage regardless of AoE or single target.The UI itself is horrible, there's no sort of obvious hotkey system which makes you Repeatedly go into your setting just to look them up. The tutorial is basic at best and gives you almost no information. Nothing about the heat map, etc. In multiplayer they STILL give you a Single Player tutorial regardless of your mode. For example the tooltips still pop up for the Fast Forward feature which is a Single Player only option.This is lazy game designing and should be marketed as a single player game. It *might* be decent in the single player aspect but I Still find the gameplay itself boring and horrendous. There was a CLEAR lack of effort in this god awful game and I strongly urge ANYONE looking to purchase this to rethink their decision. With quality like this you're Much better off investing in a different game or saving your money."
76561198022266051,Recommended,221540,14054070,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,OakenPants,"((Recommended, but quite a reserved one.  And only if you really enjoyed DG1 and go in to this with lowered expectations))Defense Grid 2 shows a number of changes, but only a couple of those changes were for the better.The Good:+ It's still a good Tower Defense game.  (Just not a great one any more).+ Graphics and the rotatable view.+ Fly-overs showing overview of mission map.+ Ability to show the path the aliens will take.The Eh:~ A GRAPH of my score during gameplay?  OK.  Why?~ Mission medal awarded solely on mission score; regardless of # of cores lost.~ Boost Towers?  Needless complication / addition to game...~ ""Normal"" difficulty seems easier than DG1.  Either I'm MUCH better than I was when I played DG1, but I received GOLD oneverymission with only have to restart or go to an earlier checkpoint on a couple missions in the campaign.  In DG1, um, I am proud of the few gold medals I did earn in my first play through.~ Large size of some maps, changes the 'feel of the game'.~ Why all the different types of orbital lasers now?~ ""Heat Map"" of where you caused the most dmg to aliens.  OK, it's ""pretty"" but you already know where you cause the most dmg.The Bad:- The Radar in DG1 showing the upcoming alien types I liked SO MUCH better than what they did in DG2.- Voice Acting.  OMG.  Voice acting is not just bad, it's truly awful!  The returning voice of General Fletcher is good, Cai's delivery was OK (until the dialog turned cringe-worthy), but the rest were terrible regardless of the dialog.- The post-mission banter/story by the voice actors / AI's (and even DURING a mission) is horrible.- The complete gibberish at the start of a level shown by alien/encrypted text giving another viewpoint of the story.  Just nonsense.- More confusing game menus and pre-mission tower configurations/upgrades, given no explanation.- Missile Towers remain, but no flying aliens in DG2??- Level design is not as varied as DG1.  Larger maps, but generally 1 way in, and 1 way out.- Rank removed from mission summary?  I loved that feature of DG1!  Though you can browse the leaderboard to (slowly) determine your rank after a mission, you have to go looking for it.Summary:Defense Grid 2 while still enjoyable, is not nearly so much so as DG1.  Quite a let down.  7.5 out of 10."
76561197974210670,Not Recommended,221540,13380695,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,mahoodlum,"I waited excitedly for DG2! I  have over 380 hours in DG1; and I loved it - i'm not therefore averse to TD games or Defense Grid itself.  I'm afraid to say that I am going with those less satisfied with the game.  If you like and want more of the same a-la DG1 good for you - buy this.  If you want something inovative and genre-moving then move along.  Genre-moving this is not.  Better graphics and a slightly tweaked DG1 it is.  Not recommended, even if you're a die hard TD fan - and by God I am, but this one can't hold my interest; it turns grindy really quickly.PC gamer say it's ""glorious"" Really? No.  It's average; after DG1 this is no better.Other gaming mags say it's marvellous - no - it's not - it's merely average.  Really - it's not worth upgrading from DG1.Once you've bought it, because others say it's great, do come back and re-read this review.......I told you so ;D"
,Recommended,221540,11555672,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Kawaii Assassin,"The first game was great, and so far it looks as though the second will be no different."
76561198008420079,Not Recommended,221540,12262339,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,dvmakas,Game does not work. Only black screen and lines randomly.
76561197964853157,Not Recommended,221540,13115138,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,BioHazard,Crashes constantly. unplayable because of this. feels like it should still be in beta.  Even the bug/crash reporter crashes.
76561197983740996,Recommended,221540,14930643,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Chane,"Defense Grid 2 is a good game. If you like tower defense games there is no way around DG2.But the game is not as good as part 1. DG2 is far easier than part 1 and it lacks the tactical depth of part 1.The developers have added a story to the game that is rather confusing than entertaining. To be frank, I could not care less.Nevertheless DG2 is a must play for tower defense enthusiasts."
,Recommended,221540,11982815,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,nedala,"DG2. Finally!(Being a die-hard DG fan, I have been waiting a long time for thisfor this.Since I have only tried the early access version, having only two levels avaliable it was quickly over. But it did not disappoint. Only two where available for early access. And I want to play it a lot more).Anyway, playing the game is a familiar feeling for a DG fan. It looks the same, sounds the same and plays almost the same. There are a few new addons that potentially can completely change the flow of the map. Take the platform, that you build and then place a tower on it, adding height and range.This can change and extend the kill zone or giving a previous unusable spot a potential tower.Also the maps are no longer static. One level was transformed after about 30% of the waves had passed, adding a lot more room, and changed the layout and the entire planning of the map.Well, since it is still early access it's hard to say what the final product may be, but what I have tried I really like. they improved the game, carefully adding features that adds more interesting gameplay without hurting the things that made DG so good. You can still micromanage and OCD about the perfect route, and each map have many additional modes to play, adding tons of replay value.In short: Love it. I truly recommend it!"
,Not Recommended,221540,18133052,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,dokMixer,"If you plan on playing this game because it is labelled ""MAC compatible"" just go away. They used a VERY bad osx wrapper that makes the game mostly unplayable.Sure, ""use windows if u want to play lol"" but no. Mac is my workstation, and if i want to play a few games that CLAIM to be compatible in order to sell more copies, it SHOULD be compatible. And here, it's not the case.The game is maybe good on other platforms but if you are looking for a good strategy / TD game working on MAC, this just wont do it. Dont spend money on this, and ask for a refund.(oh and the support told me i didn't reach the computer specifications. Yeah sure, with a core i7, 16Go RAM, 512 graphic card on a high end iMac that runs the game smoothly under bootcamp. Right. Or you are too F*****G lazy to use a decent mac wrapper, and just used a third-party wrapper to sell more copies.)"
76561198040985502,Not Recommended,221540,13149987,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ronincontro,"Full of bugs. A total crash fest on Mac. Scenes unlit. Update that was supposed to fix it didn't. Only launches 10% of the time. Third mission crashes consistently on first wave of aliens. Lowering specs doesn't help. I love the first Defense grid which still plays flawlessly on the same machine, but this one is a mess and a shame."
,Recommended,221540,13164383,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,fr0x,"DG1 is the best tower defense game out there, hands down.  This doesn't quite live up to its predecessor unfortunately.The Bad:The UI / Menu system is horrendous (outside of the gameplay itself).  Too much going on and the ""continue"" buttons could be in the center of the screen on one menu, then lower right on the next, then the upper left.  It's also not easy to distinguish what should be grabbing your focus to continue on any given menu.The towers and monsters have lost a lot of their visual uniqueness.  I'm not sure if it's because the monsters are smaller (larger overall maps?) or what but most of the time you won't tell one monster from another.  I'm not sure what it is about the towers.  They are incredibly detailed when zoomed in but when zoomed out that detail kind of obscures what the tower is compared to different towers.The story is...not great.  Not sure why they needed to add a ton of new A.I. characters but for the most part I didn't feel they added anything (plus it was easy lose track of who was who).The good:It, for the most part, still plays like DG1 and is a fun tower defense game"
,Recommended,221540,12211300,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Winter.NET,A worthy successor to the original
76561197961986485,Recommended,221540,11913140,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Chunderfield,"Took the original game and polished it up. Better graphics, sounds, UI, music, and most importantly MORE of the SAME DG GOODNESS. Oh BTW they've added muliplayer, and custom maps options! Looks like some of the maps will also have scripted events which will include the alteration of map layouts. Can't recomment this title enough. Worth the money, guys. 90/100"
,Recommended,221540,21374554,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,י♪ Ron ר ★,"If you want one of the best tower defence games structured in a grid format, buy Defence Grid 2[DG2].DG2 rewards logical thinking and theory crafting players and has enough achievements to get you playing for 50 hours+!"
,Recommended,221540,21756067,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,LiQWiDNiNjA,"One of the best Defense RTS Games avail! I have this game for PS4, Steam, And PC download.I have Countless hours in this game! 10/10 Would play again!"
,Recommended,221540,11294730,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,[KS]Wolfman,Thank you Defense Grid! I almost forgot tower games are fun and worthwhile.
76561197986185017,Recommended,221540,11349327,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Draka,good game. definitly some interesting mechanics. plus it's gorgous
76561198201727628,Recommended,221540,24738708,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,#OVERWATCH,"MindblowingI thought nobody cared about tower defense games at all until I played this and this probably one of the best tower defense game i've ever played.Here's why+Fantabulous graphics+Outstanding variety+Some of the best alien designs in any game+Incredible sound designAs amazing this game is there are still a few problems i have with it-Easy difficulty way to easy, higher difficulty almost unfair-No proper story its just kill the aliens-Could get a bit repetitive-Not that cool music as I hoped forDespite that I can easily recommend this to anyone who is fan of tower defense games."
76561197969250191,Recommended,221540,11339962,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,thornydevil,"Loved DG1, cant wait for the full release of DG2! now that i've played the beta, i'm really looking forward to many hours of fun with this game"
,Recommended,221540,12212710,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,SaintSuperSassyStefano,"Defense Grid: The Awakening was a very enjoyable game for those who like tower defense games, so naturally DG2 should follow that.However, DG2, so far, seems like it could use a bit more polish time.  I'll touch on several points that become apparent quite quickly.Menus are responsive at best and far from fluid.  After every mission I must exit the post mission log, exit the current mission selection screen (due to the fact that my cursor disappears), and finally re-enter the campain selection to continue. Switching between ""sections"" on the menus is an issue and is more easily navigable by the arrow keys than a mouse.Framerate seems to have dipped from DG1 to DG2.  I have a relatively powerful computer (i7-3770k/32GB RAM/2xGTX680s) and yet either in animation or framerate DG2 again appears far from fluid were animations appear choppy or things seems to skip.Art:  The models for DG2 have radically changed and while they and the environments you play on are more intricate and detailed, they seem out of focus and not so crisp.  In general some art assets feel like they could use a bit of touchup.So far there are very few things in DG2 that differentiate it from DG1 to name what I can think of: booster towers, dymanic environments, competative modes.  But it doesn't seem like enough to justify the creation of the new game.Removal of currency banking system means now you just get a set amount of currency at certain time intervals instead of a compounding bank (more money = more interest).As mentioned in point 4, some things are very fun in DG2.  The tower items add a new layer of depth to play-style upgrades and tower placement.  The dynamic environments are always welcome in a tower defense game (as most are stagnant).  Booster towers are a fun concept of a cheap wall piece but also a base for other towers thus increasing their height and ability to fire over shorter towers)Several things on this list are pretty nitpicky, but all-in-all, I would still recommend it, but give it a few updates before you buy."
76561197991083339,Recommended,221540,24919820,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,louterrence1,"had a good time playing this game but seem a bit simple without a hero to control.  The first game was a pure joy for me and my favorite tower defense game to date.  I think kindom rush series, orcs must die series, and sactum offer a little more ingrossing tower defense, but there is fun and quality in DG 2."
76561198160722338,Recommended,221540,28832782,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,theonlydave83,A really good game if you like tower defense.
,Recommended,221540,11391359,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Snippy(Insect Glaive Basher),10/10
76561198097948510,Recommended,221540,11776771,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Tsubakura Enraku,"This game is pure td game that you need to play. Sadly there are only two levels to play, but the multiplayer is awesome. Totaly recommendet."
,Recommended,221540,12415258,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Niesrind,"Defense Grid 2 is a typical Tower Defense game.The Gameplay is like Defense Grid The Awakening - anyone who has played that, will immediately feel at home.This time there are no flying aliens. While you're playing through the game, you unlock selectable perks for the towers (Laser slows target; Cannon does aoe damage in a 5 degree cone, Inferno does more single target damage etc). Additionally, towers can be built on boost blocks giving them special abilities (more damage; decloaking; increased score etc).The story is a bit too confusing - very quickly I was lost even at the quite simple question who of those bunch of voices is supposed to be an AI and who not. The Level intro texts donn't help much, because they seem to be telling a completely different story at first.In the top right corner you can see how you are doing in comparison to your friends during every step of the level.There are many modes for the levels that add quite some replayability.If you just want to play the levels once, you'll be done with this in ~12-15hours. There is also a level editor integrated.Thumbs up for TD :D"
,Recommended,221540,12407017,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,WalksOnPoo,"Loved the first, and love this one!! Im hoping to get more time to play, cause its a really fun game. Tower Defence FTW!"
,Recommended,221540,11552668,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Scorpiuscat,"Beta looks good and plays good, first Defense Grid was well supported by developer and I dont expect anything different with DG2."
76561197975744922,Recommended,221540,11457754,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,jadedlogik,The first defense grid was one of my favorite games for the longest time...looks like this one is shaping up to be a worthwhile sequel...definitely my favorite tower defense game.
,Recommended,221540,12456964,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Enticles!,"if you enjoyed Defense Grid: The Awakening then you will absolutely adore Defense Grid 2.  the only thing that should be worth knowing ahead of taking the plunge and purchasing is that the campaign took me only 6 hours to complete.  for $25 this was massively disappointing.I haven't had chance to try out the multiplayer options as yet - as i went head first into the campaign, it was fun - but extremely short.  In my opinion it is way too short for a $25 title."
76561197996785160,Recommended,221540,12483545,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,CoachAub,"Great fun like DG1.  The multiplayer mode adds a fun new element.  It is getting easier to find competitors as people are purchasing this game.  Most people play the 1st mode player v player.   The game is faster imo, especially vs online players than the first game.   The ability to create and download maps will keep this game going for quite some time.   I don't care to buy other people's maps though.   $1.99 for a map?  No thanks."
,Recommended,221540,12660086,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Buanzo,"This game is sneaky. I like that in a strategy game. The story takes you thru some easy get-ready levels, but without letting you know you are being trained. Once you advanced to map 5, this will become apparent. Enjoy this game. I most definitely am!"
,Recommended,221540,14511549,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Raum,"I do not feel like a tower defense game should have been very hard to make a sequel for. Defense Grid: The Awakening was  the first successful retail tower game that I can remember, and it did everything well. There was a great difficulty curve, and there was a lot of replayability.Somehow, the developers took everything the first Defense Grid had, made it just a little bit worse, and released it as a sequel. I can not really put my finger on why, but I did not enjoy this one as much as the first game.The humor is a big miss, and the dialogue is far more annoying than entertaining. Instead of one AI commentating, there is a squad of them bantering back and forth, and very quickly it becomes more noisy than interesting. The AI also seem to enjoy talking for awhile after you finish a mission, either delaying you or forcing you to miss the story to get some more gameplay.The game is much easier than the first one, and very few maps gave me any trouble. It is seemingly impossible to play through on hard for your first time, though, because you need to upgrade your towers with rare drops. The main campaign missions don't last long, and I didn't feel an urge to play the side missions.I still had a good time with the game, but it is a disappointing sequel to one of the best tower defense games ever. If you're craving more Defense Grid, it can't hurt to pick up for a lower price, but it definitely leaves something to be desired."
76561197999034747,Recommended,221540,11455986,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,zepoxi,"If you like TD games, this is the only TD game you'll be  playing in the near future. Only two levels (at the time of this writing) but it is looking good so far. Obvioulsy it has bugs and the occasional crash.The Architect is fun to play around with, for those who don't know, you can make your own level, simple drag n drop (well almost)."
,Recommended,221540,12252238,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Darkstar,"Fantastic, the pinnicle of tower defence games"
,Recommended,221540,11404373,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,SDK,"Just do it!!! Just buy it! Don't ask questions.. just DOOOO it! :DBut seriously, if you loved the first one then there is no question.And with a level editor, the fun is not ever going to end. Whoop!!!"
,Recommended,221540,11382233,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Cichy,"After playing with first part I thouhgt that there's nothing that can be better - I was so wrong :) Second part is absolutely amazing, gameplay is awesome I really can't wait to get it full, oppose to Beta Access I already have. Looking forward for release and more oponents :D"
,Recommended,221540,11413374,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,shthouserat,"well, so far i'm pretty happy with the game. being in beta it's missing a lot, but it's similar enough to DG1 with some added features that i'm confident the final product will be great.it took me a while to figure out what was bothering me about the game so far, then i realized that the voice of Fletcher hasn't been added yet! once i got past that i was able to let it go for the time being...so far, there's very limited menus let alone any real adjustable graphics or controls. i don't care for the way they light up the enemies' path in this one with arrows, but hopefully that's just part of the beta waiting to be upgraded.without control menus it took me a while to find and remember the buttons for the super laser, speed control, and the new feature that highlights your weapon damage intensities ala heat signature(which is a pretty cool feature.)also finally added is the ability to rotate the camera angle, which i don't find myself using often, but can be very advantagious  at times.the two maps included in the beta are a bit challenging and pretty well designed maps, with some good replay value.otherwise it's pretty much more of the same, which in the case of defense grid, isn't at all a bad thing."
76561198042245227,Recommended,221540,11847961,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,The Shmewsh of the Mewsh,"Put some towers, shoot some aliens, map expands, don't let them get those cores! pretty fun."
76561198003082616,Recommended,221540,12330352,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,zagadka.teg,"Biggest problem with Defense Grid2? I've gotten used to telling everyone that Defense Grid is the best tower defense game ever - and now it isn't.If you've played DG you know what to expect only bigger and better, if you haven't,... why?!?!?"
76561198014816308,Recommended,221540,12443487,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,VanWusel,"I really like DG2 as I liked DG1. Graphic polish, the AIs chattering and presentation in general raise this game far above many other ""part 2"" games.If you liked DG1, get it. If you didn't but like tower defense, get it. If you did neither of those two but want to play a fun game, get it."
,Recommended,221540,11384930,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,MrSpookypants,"The first Defense Grid took me by surprise... I've never been all that interested in tower defense games, but I had a blast with DG. After playing the beta levels of DG2, I'm really looking forward to the full release!"
,Recommended,221540,12252299,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,suroh7,"In my opinion, Defense Grid and Defense Grid 2 are the best tower defense games.I recommend them to anyone."
,Recommended,221540,13461212,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Manberry Sauce,"This sequel to Defense Grid feels very natural on a console controller. I noticed a complaint in another review which is true: the towers are hard to tell apart zoomed all the way out. I think the reason is that the farthest zoom level is for a map overview.The zoom levels are very easy to control in that there are three zoom levels, not a gradual scroll-wheel style zoom. It very much seems like this was developed for console controls, which is perfectly fine for me, but may frustrate people who want to play on a keyboard and mouse.While speed up on toggle instead of press may seem like an odd change (it's optional, but it's the default setting), it seems more natural once you've adjusted to it.Resource points advance with time, but also on wave completion, not on kill.If you liked Defense Grid, and you're not allergic to console controls and a nice comfy couch, DG2 is a huge recommend+."
,Recommended,221540,13511322,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Blue,"Doesnt disappoint, a worthy sequel."
,Recommended,221540,11354257,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Cetrian,"The first was so excellent, I ponied up for this one early.  I think it's really good so far, but it is much more busy on screen and the towers aren't as distinct as before. I hope the visuals get a bit cleaner."
,Recommended,221540,11397098,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,kewter,I want moar!!! Played through first 2 levels available on different diffculties and play throughs. PLX more!
,Recommended,221540,11772747,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Party Yeen,"This is a review of the beta version. At the moment the game has some glitches, mostly in the audio department, and the single player campaign is very much incomplete (along the lines of a demo) but from what little there is, there is a lot of promise. The addition of booster platforms is really neat concept allowing you to not only buff any tower built upon it, but also carve an alien path early on for much less resources akin to Sanctum. In addition, a command center has been added which allows you to purchase more tiles to place more towers on (or in some cases extend the path), I am definitely looking forward to the full release."
,Recommended,221540,19513994,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,EasyE_123,"Awesome game, thoughtful, tactical... satisfying destruction... nuff said...  GET IT!!!!!!!!!!If you've got a modicum of intelliegence and were born in the 80's your gonna love it."
,Recommended,221540,18554795,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Mustang,"I'm torn with this one. On one end I liked the first but on the other end I think this one is not as good. Still a tgood game, just disappointed"
76561198036022726,Recommended,221540,17163439,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,snackinzack,"I know this has been out for awhile, but I recent;y picked it up and decided to give it a try. I really enjoy Tower Defense games, and Defense Grid 1 was great. Defense Grid 2, seems to be a worthy successor with a few upgraded aliens, some new graphics, good sound, excellent writing, superb voice acting, well balanced maps, and some neat tower upgrades. I've seen reviews that say it's just a re-hash of the first one, and I guess about 90% of the gameplay is the same, but that sure didn't douse my enthusiasm or diminish the fun I've had playing the first 10 levels of the campaign. In short, if you liked the first one, this is a worthy successor. If you haven't played the first one and you're not sure you want to plop down the cash, go try Defense Grid 1 out first. It's a cheaper investment and you can catch up on the story before sitting down in the middle of this one."
,Recommended,221540,18659878,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,- - Queen Bee,"The absolute best tower defense game I've ever played - though Defense Grid 1 is just as enjoyable. Starts you off easy with good teaching of mechanics, and leaves you with nice challenges and tons to deal with and plenty of freedom to figure out how you want to beat it."
76561197984586291,Recommended,221540,17726489,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,cwg|•Bobbo!,"Only got an hour into it.I like it, it is pretty fun,Haven't tried Co-op yet."
76561198072641044,Recommended,221540,19517106,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Raining Tacos,Did defend with towers again.10/10If you bought a tower defense game for the story...1/10
,Recommended,221540,17547402,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Vedgaras,More of the same old: kill aliens by pathing them into killboxes.Fun game but there were some things I didn’t like much.1. Too much talking by too many people. The plot is hard to follow that way. But who needs a plot in a kill-them-all game? :)2. I wish the wall of text between missions was done with more comics. Easier to comprehend that way.3. Towers resemble each other closely unless they are tier 3 already.4. The start menu is awful. Hard to navigate. Is it designed for consoles or something?
76561198019264864,Recommended,221540,19998983,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,uDied,"great tower defense game, best ive played in a long time!!!"
76561198010297233,Recommended,221540,12212609,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Alucard,"I'll keep this review short and sweet.If you like Tower Defense games, and if you liked the original Defense Grid, then you should *definitely* pick up DG2!  The graphics are slightly better than the first Defense Grid, but the excellent gameplay and mechanics have returned and have also been refined and enhanced.  One of DG2's greatest strengths is its level design.  Now the levels are bigger and better, but more importantly, they evolve and that changes up the gameplay considerably (in a good way).  DG2 also features some online multiplayer and co-operative gameplay which will appeal to those who love multiplayer strategy games.  The core of the game still revolves around buying, placing, and upgrading towers, but DG2 takes the classic formula and almost perfects it.  The story and narrative is interesting but of course it comes secondary to the mechanics and the overall polish found in the implementation of DG2's features and it's slick and easy to use inteface.  It's a little more expensive than the original Defense Grid when it first came out, but if you're enjoy the genre and loved the prequel, then you'll love DG2.  The $24.99 price tag is steep if you're a casual gamer or casual TD player, but the increased cost is well worth it if you consider the extra gameplay and replay value to be had from DG2's multiplayer modes and the inclusion of a level editor and Steam Workshop support.  On top of all of that, Steam achievements and online statistics make a return from the first game with even more detailed info that will allow you to compare scores and compete with your friends or other players from around the world.So if you're a casual player of the genre, I'd recommend waiting for a sale or a slight price drop.  Everyone else who likes sinking their teeth into a good Strategy game or Tower Defense, and those who also like multiplayer modes in those genres, look no further - because DG2 will keep you entertained and occupied for quite some time."
,Recommended,221540,15083304,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Carth,"Defense Grid 2 is a good tower defense game, but not the best. The best is still the first game, Defense Grid: The Awakening. If you've played the first game, they have basically improved the graphics and added/tweaked some things (not necessarily for the better). If you haven't played the first game, buy that instead. It's a much, much better game, with much higher replayability and a lot more levels.The main differences in DG2:- Instead of command towers you now have boost towers. They end up being a bit of a resource burden since not using a boost tower is always worse than using one and you can't go back and add one later. They are useful to cheaply control the path of aliens though.- Flying enemies have been removed, although missile towers remain and now fill the same role as meteor towers.- You can sometimes alter the terrain and create new build areas, although this feature wasn't explained and I didn't learn about it until almost finishing the game. It is not actually needed to succeed, so kind of pointless.- Towers now have passive upgrade items of different rarities, and at the start of a mission you can choose which one to have for each tower. You randomly unlock them after finishing a mission. They slightly alter the way towers behave, for example making lasers slow down foes, making guns pierce shields or making cannons damage multiple enemies. They come in different levels, so eventually you can have quite overpowered towers and these are needed for playing on higher difficulties.- There is now a level editor and people can sell their levels via Steam Workshop.- There are now some multiplayer modes, which I haven't tried yet so can't comment on, however the co-operative mode in which you share resources seems pointless. Considering you normally know where you want to put your towers, I'm not sure how having another player placing them would ever be helpful. Seems like it would only make things harder. The other multiplayer modes might be more worthwhile.- There are now alternatives to the orbital laser that you unlock as you go along. These are quite useful and suit different playstyles (e.g. slowing aliens, giving you some free resources).- Tower balance: from what I remember of the first game it has been tweaked somewhat. It's not so reliant on guns and cannons, while other towers like lasers and concussion are more valuable.- Scoring: they have changed how scoring works and the game also feels easier (I got gold on every mission very easily). The scoring seems more focused on killing aliens as fast as possible, whereas the first game involved more careful resource management to get big scores and you had to be more careful about when you built towers if you wanted to earn the most interest. The scoring seems much more variable now and less precise. However, a recent patch added the ability to play with the old scoring style. It also shows you your score on a graph while playing, with someone on your friend's list to compare with, which is a really nice feature.I found the campaign to be a bit short, the voice acting is very annoying and distracting and continues for too long after you finish a level, and the story is bad (although I guess in this kind of game that doesn't matter). But the game is also not challenging or compelling. Replaying levels in different modes is boring.Ultimately this is a fun game, but they have lost the perfect formula that made the first game so addictive and replayable. DG2's biggest fault is that it is not DG1."
76561197981004817,Recommended,221540,12517131,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Avery,Fun
,Recommended,221540,13249232,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,abndvr64,"Very happy with this game and got my money out of it.  I can only hope that you like it because DG1 and DG2 are the best tower defense games out there.  Glad the air units are gone because that was just a discration in DG1 once you memorized what you needed to kill them.  Love the game and all the modes it provides you to play.  Cannot say that I have really tested the co-op or head-to-head modes yet.What I do not like is the console port - Oh why must I use arrow keys on a PC - Seriously?  Also, for having a DG1 already in place we sure launched with some stupid issues - Like impossible scores on the leaderboards.Overlooking those 2 things it is a fun and wonderful game.  I suggest that you get this..."
,Recommended,221540,11749247,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,tanker_man,One of the best tower defence I've ever played.
76561198027875478,Recommended,221540,33801551,Posted: 25 July,all,Kaiser Hans,"Defence grid 2 improves upon everything the first one did so well. i didnt think they could add much more depth with their system.  I was wrong. two big things shake it up. one is the boost pads which elevate your towers and allow them to shoot over other towers/different levels of terrain. the second big shake up is the priorly mentiones terrain. the first defence grid flirted with the idea of levels of elevation but this one takes it to the extreme with some levels having multiple pathways on multiple different elevations, stretching you to the limit to cover it all.My only gripe witht he campaign is the story seems too complicated for such a tower defence game, but that is hardly a issue in a tower defence gameAdd onto all of this some fun multiplayer options and you have a perfect sequel."
,Recommended,221540,11301480,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,RadioActiveMan,Thats how we know and love Defense Grid!!! + COOP! Nice work done here.
76561198084451611,Recommended,221540,11311664,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,BuzzTech,A great game but from time to time it freezes and stops working
,Recommended,221540,11687466,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Bubblec0re,"A very solid tower defence which I like, while usually I do not. Also an improvement over the original game."
,Recommended,221540,17758498,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,GDUBMX,"one of the best first impressions of a game ive had, pretty addictive and satifisfying."
76561198007569289,Recommended,221540,27319595,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JoeWi,Best Tower Defense ever!
76561198088258072,Recommended,221540,12179969,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,venomx723272,BEST TOWER DEFENSE GAME. EVER
76561197994018516,Not Recommended,221540,28604123,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MonkeyMonkey12,For some reason I just didn't get into this one like I did the orginal.
,Recommended,221540,11354453,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Night Fox,"Very good continuation of the francise, fun!"
,Recommended,221540,17718718,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,BunnyQueeks,IT WAS FUN
76561197962958194,Recommended,221540,11343946,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Zak Destan,Saw this game and I have loved ones of this type since I first played the original Starcraft...This is a very fun and addicting game and even though it is only a beta for now I am loving every minute of it. If you like tower defense like games pre-order this one add it to your collection you will not be disappointed.
76561197967070224,Recommended,221540,14413531,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Darkstar,A great tower defense game. Truely refined.
,Recommended,221540,13452767,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,^iX^w0rM™,"I was a huge fan of the first Defense Grid. I think I have around 170 hours in it last time I checked. I was really looking forward to DG2! I pre-purchased it and played the beta a LOT!After nearly 30 hours of game play in the final release, I feel a little let down. DG2 isn't a bad game by any means but there are a few annoying things about it that keep me from loving it the way I did the first one.First of all, the scoring in the game makes absolutely no sense what-so-ever. Even after all my hours in the game, I have no idea which strategies earn the most points (and I've read all the posts from the developer about the points system). The point system seems very random. The tips the developer has on the DG2 Steam forum are at the very least misleading. The things they claim get your the most points, absolutely do not. The only reason I was able to put up several top 50 scores is nothing more than dumb luck. I have no idea what I did differently that got me more points than other times I played those maps.Ultimately I find the points system extremely frustrating. If I don't know what kinds of things I get rewarded for, how can I possibly come up with strategies that will advance my skill level in the game? I don't want to win with luck. I want to win because I came up with a brilliant plan to score the most points given a known set of measurements of success or failure.Other than that, the game is actually pretty fun. If you're looking for a tower defense game you can play for 15 to 20 hours, DG2 is a great choice (If you already have DG1). If you want a game you can replay over and over, you might want to pass on this one."
76561197961091775,Recommended,221540,22491308,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,tinhat,WAS JUST AS GOOD AS THE 1ST 1
76561198008366499,Recommended,221540,11294134,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,masayaranger,"Great, I Hope the Full Game wil be awesome :)"
76561197972459071,Recommended,221540,11441420,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,™Fidgetydigit,I got 144 hrs played in DG. This game is gonna be great people. can't wait for custom maps and the full campaign. If you like TD's this one is the (  .  ) (  .  ) 's
76561197997898951,Not Recommended,221540,20130650,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Papa Giuseppe,Nope. Nope. Nope.
76561198039016643,Recommended,221540,11296203,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,scificomicguy,So addicting and frustrating at the same time.  I cannot wait for the full version of this! A must have!
76561198021876161,Recommended,221540,11297088,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Paktu,LOVED the first one. anyone who is a fan of the first game will enjoy the enhanced graphics and the familiar playstyle. hopefully the new one will be spectacular upon official release
,Recommended,221540,11413608,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,TitanTeaTime,"If you haven't pre-ordered this already, either you're poor or you have no excuse and should pre-order it now. Even just the beta version feels like a massive upgrade from Defense Grid: The Awakening."
,Recommended,221540,12214914,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Melty Boddicker,bideo jame
,Recommended,221540,11575243,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Lubrioz,Play it! If you love TD games.
,Recommended,221540,13261356,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,LazyAza,"Like tower defense? then you need this game. Never played a td game? then this one should be your first. Fantastic modes, tonnes of maps, awesome visuals, fun coop and mp.  All that good stuff, absolutely a must have if you're interested.As for improving over the original, eh mostly more of the same but the new abilities are fun and the upgrades add some nice new tweaks to gameplay and the story gets pretty weird and stupid but its alright. Rasberries!"
,Recommended,221540,25266245,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"Its an alright tower defense. Not much else to say, something fun to play on a laptop."
,Recommended,221540,11431476,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Anonymiter,"At this point I'm really disappointed by this iteration. It feels like little more than a $10 expansion pack. The visuals are very similar and the mechanics don't seem all that different in the current build. I just don't think the current offering justifies the $25-30 price point.That said, this is very much a Defense Grid game. It seems promising and if you can get over the price or find it on sale it will be a great buy for fans of the original, though you aren't getting much content in the early access. If you haven't played the original yet, start there as this isn't the place to sample."
,Recommended,221540,11695058,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,FortKavanagh,"This game is ""♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME"" (even though I only played the Beta it's still amazing!), you gotta buy/Pre-order this game ""especially the Special Edition version""!The games story continues where it left off in the first games expansion ""containment"", it's very different from the first one ... for starters it has co-op and multiplayer, new defence turrets, and more characters to meat know and love.All and all it is a must buy!"
76561198020641932,Recommended,221540,15016008,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,ross,Entertaining.
76561197970338935,Recommended,221540,15910581,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Theo Huxtable,Defense Grid is my gold standard for tower defense games.
76561197974487036,Recommended,221540,15916122,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Try This At Home Kids,The perfect tower defense game. (No flying units LOL)End of story.Should you buy it at $14.99? F**k yes!Needs more maps though......like 50! :DIGN 8/10Meta Critic 81/100PC Gamer 83/100PC World 4/5The Escapist 4.5/5Euro Gamer 8/10Your Mom 85/100
76561197992310533,Recommended,221540,16971254,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Airborne,not as good as part 1 but with multiplayer... but no one playes the multiplayer .....soooooooo....nah...still a good td
,Recommended,221540,24802593,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Set,.
,Recommended,221540,15974799,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,mr Green,"note to self: already finished game on highest difficulty, would play more if there were no other nice games around"
,Recommended,221540,15786466,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,WatchKyle,This is one gorgeous tower defense game! GD2 a must buy for any tower defense genre fan.
76561197990339329,Recommended,221540,27585838,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Link Kadeshi,A fun tower defense game. You like Tower Defense? Get this game. Doubt you'll be sad about it.
76561198157714160,Recommended,221540,23699447,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,specter4432,"i must say i like 2 better than the original ,much more in fact,it has more features and better maps in my opinion...remember when you were a kid and that spider scared you,or those bugs that ruined your last picnic? well now...now...they pay...haaahaaaahaaaa,you like my inferno towers you dirty little alien bugs?...fry,fry..in closing, this game is much more fun than a can of raid,(in my humble opinion)."
76561197976165725,Recommended,221540,23673108,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Espen,Only real downside is that the scoring system is a lot more ambiguous compared to what the system the original had.
76561197968917924,Recommended,221540,13694222,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DocOverclock,"Awesome,,,,,,need I say more?"
76561197961232939,Recommended,221540,11415939,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,lpcoolee10,"This is the same good old formula as the first incarnation with a couple of new upgrades concepts for towers, and improved graphics. Also, the levels are interactive, making for interesting strategic planning. I would highly recommend it. It looks to be a top contender in the TD department.Personally, DG has always been my favourite TD game, and I think this will not let me down.Aside: I wish they had added more types of towers... Just look at Orcs must die (awesome selection). Apart from that, I love this game!"
,Recommended,221540,12083148,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Ian K,"I've been playing through the beta and I have to say that I am thoroughly enjoying it.  I love the way extra segments of terrain get introduced half-way through the level.  Would love to see some new towers being developed, with things we haven't seen before, however that does not diminish from the enjoyment of playing Defense Grid 2.  I loved the original and can't wait for it to be released."
,Not Recommended,221540,25693174,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Jay §oyer,"This game is a solid meh for me.  Its very short, with only a few levels to complete.  However each level has a TON of different modes you can play as.  Unfortunately the replay value is low and my desire to continously redo each level in the different modes is non-existant.  While the game was fun in it's first play thru, the tower stratedgy largerly stays the same with you only building the same few towers over and over and over.  While I'm a really huge fan of tower defence games...this one is just lacking.  I think they spent more time on graphics then they did gameplay."
76561198023278001,Recommended,221540,12826430,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Old Man MightyEye,This Defense Grid is just as much fun as the first Defense Grid.
,Recommended,221540,13011148,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,mike,"Running the game on the Mac, it would help and make the game more fun if some of the levels were not black.  Need more light on the playing field.  Turn on the lights!"
,Recommended,221540,11384203,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Basil Brush,From the beta it appears like a shinier version of the origninal with microtransactions.
76561197973253186,Recommended,221540,12869583,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,GrimmaceF13,Another good game in the DG series. Improves upon the original in story and graphics. It's a tower defense game it and it delivers. Only thing missing from the first game are flying units. Worth playing if you liked the first one.
76561197982307829,Recommended,221540,12942849,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Warriorprince [HeroicGuy],"I enjoyed the first DF and looked forward to the DF2.The news is DF2 keeps the simple tactics of the frist DF and adds more features. Online Co op play and better graphics.DF2 is a good improvement without losing to fun of the first game. I hope for more maps soon.Good, ewnjoyable Tower defense game. Probably the best Tower defense game out there.9/10"
76561198040560627,Recommended,221540,12954164,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Hvapsen,"Classic TD, endless options and stuff. :)"
,Recommended,221540,13121113,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,{thug} Dio,I am a tower defense gamer since always... but this one is by far the best I've ever played.I have the game for less then 12 hours now and 5 of them I've spent playing :DGotta stop writing... have to play.
76561198005338080,Recommended,221540,12862373,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MagnusHawk,Excellent sequel to the series. This the most polished and elegant tower defense game I've played. Nothing else really comes close. It straddles a line of being perfect for any game lover to enjoy while being perfect for any lover of the tower defense genre to enjoy. The game play is nuanced and you'll have no problems going back in to a level and aiming for gold just by trying new strategies over and over again. Like in the past everything you need to learn to play happens in the game during the story. They brought back the original awesome voice-over actor for the main character and added quite a few new talents to the story to round things out. I absolutely love it. Great job!
,Recommended,221540,13166510,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[SG] I cast FIST!,"I considered Defense Grid 1 to be the best Tower Defense I've ever played, and I have played a lot of TDs. Defense Grid 2 tops it in just about every way. They got rid of the non-fun just-plain-annoying flying enemies, but added a bunch of new ground ones instead. The addition of the 'Boost' tower, a square block which acts like a wall, but can have towers built on it really adds to the strategy, as I'm forced to think ""Do I want to spend the resources to put a Booster here? Or just build the tower?"" And since Boost towers can be upgraded to provide buffs to the tower on top, +20% damage, or stealth revealing, or score boosting, it's often an interesting choice to make."
,Recommended,221540,12016169,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ATF_The Broodwich ||| CS,The beta hints at some great feature additions to this sequel!
,Recommended,221540,13151812,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Zarokima,"Overall it's really good, but it's more of the same rather than the upgrade I would expect from a sequel. There's a small shuffling of powers, as command towers don't exist but get the same thing from upgrades. The orbital laser can do some new things other than just damage, like slow enemies or buff towers. There are no more flyers, but rather dropships that land at your cores and spawn enemies there. Everything else is pretty much the same, which is disappointing, but since the same is still very good I'm happy with my purchase."
76561198067463208,Recommended,221540,11455351,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,GunnerWill,so far so good can not wait for the full game awesome just like the original
76561198157075758,Not Recommended,221540,16836022,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,stackedback95,good game...just not long enough....not much put into it for the price u pay....25 hours...and thats quite abit of replay....100%....seems like 20 bucks whenh i payed for it was a little steep for the amount of content that came with it
76561197960863860,Recommended,221540,14803812,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,SkyWalker,"More of the greatness that was. DG1 fans must acquire this game and for God's sakes, bring raspberries."
76561198111515775,Recommended,221540,14777518,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ed Bury,"Addictive, addictive, addictive. Fun, fun, fun.Bad points?  Nawwwww."
76561197999416801,Recommended,221540,12193064,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,αvαηιтн,"Fun game, just as good as the first one."
,Recommended,221540,12194653,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,PrimeSonic,"A worthy successor to the original Defense Grid.More towers, more aliens, more game modes, more maps, more characters, more story, more everything!If you want the best tower defense game money can buy, Defense Grid (2) is exactly what you're looking for."
,Not Recommended,221540,12283267,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,wongusername,Levels get kinda tedious
76561198182915183,Not Recommended,221540,14854638,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,umpasvirtualpets2,Hey what is the deal with DG2 to open up in game setting window . I have to try at least 30 to 40 times before the game s main page comes up. Someone NEEDS TO  check the setting s or do something to open up the game dg2
,Not Recommended,221540,15202983,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Gwendle (OTG),"This review is based on the single-player campaign. It's simply too short. If you're looking for a game to play alone, avoid this one. You'll be finished with it in a couple of hours. It has almost no replay value. I've never been a huge fan of tower defense games, but there has to be better ones out there than this."
76561198119743645,Not Recommended,221540,14586256,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,davidservice,"Liked:The concept, graphics, and gameplay (for the few hours it worked).Disliked:Bugs that made the game unplayable on my Mac. Terrible port that makes me want my money back."
,Not Recommended,221540,14993600,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Spawn,"I bought this game without even thinking for two reasons:1. I loved the first DG, and it's probably the most memorable TD I ever played so far.2. I was going to play the new game in co-op with my friend.Horrible lobby and menu system took me quite some time to figure out how to launch a normal coop campaign game.Then came poor balance. The game was too easy on normal, and way too hard on the next difficulty. Also the level design - I really could not understand why every second level did not even involve any maze building, we just had to place new towers along the road as money came in. On some of the last levels I usually got bored by the end of level so I did not even build towers, I was just talking to my buddy about out stuff and watching monsters get killed.Another problem - connection drop-offs. We got disconnected on every second level, mostly just before finishing it. But since the levels we so easy, I we did not bother and moved to the next one.Last two levels we could not launch at all, because the game was just infinitely loading, no matter what we tried.I am not even going to try look for the fixes for these issues, because the game is not worth it."
76561198009845571,Not Recommended,221540,15210160,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,NeuralSimulation,Crashes my display driver. :(
76561197993759980,Not Recommended,221540,15288062,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Mr Ugly,"Absolutely loved the first one. I enjoyed the simplicity and difficulty. still my favourite tower defense game.This one is too easy. The boost towers combined with the usual upgrades, then the additional commanders and tower abilities take away more enjoyment than they add. The storyline is predictable and voiceovers mediocre at best. Really a pity, I was looking forward to this one.The interface was improved and the inability to inadvertantly block paths was a welcome addition.Although I completed the game I still replay the original with this sequel gathers dust."
76561198117444663,Not Recommended,221540,14783603,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,tgd1967,"The worst sequel in years, everything is wrong with this game.the only similarity to the first game is aliens get hit with towers.it has a really clumsy feel to it and the online mode is even worse.i loved the the awakening and am still playing it but this is not a sequel and should be under a pound so you dont waste money finding out is worthless garbage."
,Not Recommended,221540,14854687,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Foxhound,"I have waited for this game for a while and have also waited a while before purchasing to avoid problems with launch bugs. However, I just purchased it months after it has been released and the game on the Mac is continually stuttering and unplayable even at minimal settings on a new 2014 Macbook Pro. For the Mac thumbs down. For the PC i'm sure this game works just fine"
76561198000633529,Not Recommended,221540,14908621,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rat Mank,"I was disappointed with DG2 unfortunately.   The main reasons for this:1.  The graphical upgrades from DG1 actually made it harder for me to work out what was going on.  Lots of bells and whistles, but they don't add to the core gameplay, which felt a lot cleaner and more precise in DG1.2.  The voiceovers.  Goodness me, these are... terrible.  DG1 was characterised by a really quirky voiceover whose occasional glitches and obsession with raspberries was amusing and sometimes a bit sad.  For some reason in DG2 this has been ""upgraded"" to a banter between at least 3 different characters, that really pushes hard for laughs and fails miserably.  Not funny, just cringeworthy.3.  Gameplay generally; again the feel isn't there from DG1.  Having the option to build towers on top of other blocks and upgrade them both should in theory have added depth and complexity, but the beauty of DG1 was in figuring out the patterns and where you could divert the enemies to.  The levels of DG2 I was able to grit my teeth through just seemed really dull by comparison - more thinking about which combination of upgrades, and less thinking about pathing.Like most things, it's just my opinion based on playing for a little while and really failing to enjoy it at all."
76561197978130221,Not Recommended,221540,15242757,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Rebmes,"Defense Grid had set the bar for Tower Defense games, my favourite genre. Somehow, I expected this game to actually raise it - but instead, I felt like I was basically playing the first one again but with different levels. To add to this, the story in the first game was great and made you feel involved, whereas this one really doesn't.Im not sure what I expected, or how it could be better when the genre really is defined by Defense Grid the first, but it would have been nice to see Defense Grid 2 show some innovation, or bring something new to the table."
,Not Recommended,221540,15733872,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,digigato,"Certainly not bad, yet I prefer DG1, even on the XBOX it was more fun than this, then the so called, audio book/narrated comic) well... nice to have, thank you but.. ""I read it and then.. what?""If you are planning on a first glympse on DG I could certainly point you more towards DG1 than 2, hopefully an expansion pack would be welcome and... hell no! do not sell voted maps since it is not yours to sell is for the community to have!!"
76561198024068022,Not Recommended,221540,14627577,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Enchanter,"The game in itself was quite average, but compared to the first one, the game really just doesnt have the same charm. The campaign was utterly boring and cliched and the new mechanics are more annoying than adding anything new to the game.Personally, I also preferred the first game's art style to this one's. (towers, maps, etc)"
,Not Recommended,221540,12321502,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Sleyn,This is a tragedy of a tower defense game.  I picked it up on account of the high reviews and recommendations and was very dissapointed.The PC mouse controls are abysmal.  You get a cursor locked to the center of the screen that pans around with the camera.  All the menus look and feel like it was made for a console.Buyer beware!
76561198004145760,Not Recommended,221540,19275929,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Avenger8,I want to like this game but it seems too clunky and the towers don't always fire on the first or correct enemy.
76561197984554624,Recommended,221540,19255620,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Livewirez,loved dg1 - dg2 also pretty great!
,Recommended,221540,11576894,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Sir Squanchy,One of the best tower defense games out there. I am glad to support the sequal.
76561198007197608,Recommended,221540,21975678,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,[S]almon,"A great sequel to an already great game!DG2 takes everything you loved about the original and takes it up a notch with more levels, more customization and more replayability. Even if you haven't played the first this is one game that's worth picking up if you consider yourself a tower defense fan!"
76561198009451747,Recommended,221540,31260444,Posted: 20 April,all,KITTY come here,The best game ever made!
76561198015309710,Recommended,221540,13201212,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Dank Mule,The best  tower defense game on steam so far.
,Recommended,221540,20618061,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,w00ty,"Standard, easy-to-understand towersGood range of different enemies"
76561198102337439,Recommended,221540,20198892,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,nengrana,I liked the first. I liked this one. Its DG2.
76561198044009492,Not Recommended,221540,17766684,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ZeroSurvivalRate,Crashes 90% of the time when you retry a level or use the checkpoint system and claims error log doesn't exist when attempting to send it to the developers. This is a bug that I can't exactly ignore after 15 attempts of the same level and having it crash on me every time I hit the retry button. Refunding indefinetly.
76561197968623697,Recommended,221540,13856053,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Bolka,"The best tower game there is, just excellent."
76561198010063552,Recommended,221540,13845392,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The liquor,"Lost one core, 9/10 would play again"
76561197971652017,Not Recommended,221540,17977119,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,tricky1278,"Started a playthru, earned some nice tower upgrades. Then I started getting the ""backspace-bug"". They say they can't replicate it so therefore it  can't be patched. Backed-up the game to reinstall and try and get rid of the backspace-bug. Reinstalled and the bug is seemingly gone, but all my tower enhancements are also gone. Fed up with this, don't buy this junk."
76561197968128372,Recommended,221540,13425764,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,specter,"its good but the map design is garbage compared to the original. DG1 is still better. game look beautiful for a tower defence, and is clean and simple. however the campain is relativly short and the ""plot"" or story elements are pathetic but its a tower defence. overall a solid fun game but lacking compared to DG1. still better than most Tower defence games."
,Recommended,221540,13630294,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,dracul_sturm,Exetremely fun tower defense game
76561198009498078,Not Recommended,221540,24633964,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,=GSG=LoRst,Very little effort put into this game.Absolutly the worst voice acting ive heard in a very long time.Boring.
,Recommended,221540,17258224,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Abel_II,"Love this game, can't get enough!!! More please!"
76561198119705395,Recommended,221540,17509732,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Specialpenguin,Solid Game. Good mix between making your own maze and defending a maze they make themselves.
,Recommended,221540,28768147,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Muahahaha,Great game! Totally recomended.
,Recommended,221540,28602301,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,4RT,"Addictive, and sadly too short"
76561197961214806,Recommended,221540,11759933,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Major_Chaos,"Bought the SE, cmon people we are close to gving away DG1 .... i want my defence grid unlocks :Dplayed the original beta but never coughed up for the full edition, but i couldnt pass up on DG2 SE, with all it's add on and map editor and the potential for dg1 for FREE!"
,Recommended,221540,13707456,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kryptos,"I liked the first DG, and this one is very similar. I like that in this one it shows the pathing so you can immediatly know how placing a tower will affect things. And I also like that you can't even build a tower when it would be blocking. Unlike the first one where you could build the tower, but then they would just walk through. The game looks good and I didn't experience any issues with the single player.However, I did have issues with the multiplayer. I would like to try out the multiplayer, but the two times I tried, it failed to connect. There are other minor issues in my opinion. The menu system is confusing. And the story is worthless. The out of mission tower upgrades are confusing. I have no idea what I did to get them. And there is no free workshop content as far as I could see.I think many of these issues can still be addressed. Any paid DLC I would hope adds more variety, for example, more tower types, and more alien types, not just one map at a time.  Overall though I still recommend it for an tower defense fan if you can pick this game up on sale."
,Recommended,221540,27894812,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Frost,"Great casual co-op game, with a good replayability factor"
76561198004456629,Recommended,221540,27959545,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Beta Mouse,"40 hours in, still enjoy it when I get the itch for a TD game"
,Recommended,221540,27991891,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Marnux,"The game regularly crashes on me with a directx 10 not found exception, although i'm running a directx12 system. It's the only game i have such problems with. In Opengl under linux i have no issues. It might be nice if i could force the Opengl under Windows.Despite this downside, when i get it running it keeps me entertained. I always want to play the next level or beat a previous score, so definately recommend it.When i advance more, i'll try to update this."
76561198016670393,Recommended,221540,27919244,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ezenden,"this game is fun, very hard to get all the achivements, but still."
76561197976554639,Recommended,221540,12203675,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Bag33,Great follow up.  Just an overall excellent Tower Defense game.
76561198080647536,Recommended,221540,12335202,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,JohnPodesta,"Considering the high price I cannot fully recommend it.... the campaign is played through quickly, the multiplayer modes are not that fun. The only thing that keeps me playing at the moment though, is the random power upgrades that you can unlock through playing. I think once I have them all there is no motivation to play anymore...If you can get the game on sales, buy it, otherwise I recommend waiting for maybe some more content.EDIT: In retrospect, don't know why I gave it a thumbs down. Even though I don't play it anymore, I spent overall many many hours in multiplayer. Good memories.  It's expensive but if you like tower defense its ok."
76561198007116271,Recommended,221540,12196675,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,sparrowpisuke,Awesome!
,Recommended,221540,12603303,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,"How is it I have not writen a review for this title?DG2 is fun! It's Pretty! It is a tower defence game with a story. It has many challenge modes.Your task is to stop the bad things gwtting to the cores and then taking them away with them.On easy you get to learn the game. After that the game can be a challenge at higher levels. Then there are to Co-op modes and a few more things.I have played 20.9 hrs and the game still offeres about the same amount of time in play maybe 10 hrs I will have to see.I give this an 8.2/10 Its bug free for me, looks nice, plays well, has a story/reason for doing things and there is co-op if you would like to do that.DG2 is a good fun game."
,Recommended,221540,12143130,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,skillZ0ne,Very nice TD.
,Recommended,221540,12141811,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,r1j1k,Single player rules. I love the story!
,Recommended,221540,12293802,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Brindall,"Defense Grid was an awesome tower defense game that I played for many hours.  I was looking forward to the long awaited release of Defense Grid 2 with high expectations, but with some fear that it just couldn't be as good as the original game.  DG2 may have done just that.  The graphics and gameplay are a great upgrade from the original.  The story fit well.  There are change and additions that have expanded the original into something bigger."
,Recommended,221540,12373240,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,neO,The good days of tower defense are back !! 10/10
,Recommended,221540,25101161,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,♕ Madskillz ♕,Even better than the original! 9/10
76561198067519990,Not Recommended,221540,23842628,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,drakesup,"A Solid Tower Defense game, however lacking in two areas:1. small maps with very little room to actually maze. Most of the time your placing big upgraded towers and using brute force to win instead of cleverly designed mazes. Mazing is a key aspect of any tower defense game.2. You have to earn special abilities for each tower and it is rng based. By defeating a stage gives you a chance to get a bonus ability for the towers.When you first start playing your towers are at their weakest, kind of a catch22. So to make it easier to defeat stages you need to defeat more stages. This is a flaw in logic."
76561198012620264,Not Recommended,221540,24652665,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Duempelhuber,"Don't buy this version if you're looking for the VR version.Even if you own the game already, you have to buy the VR version again."
,Recommended,221540,13138577,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Blebekblebek,"Tower defense is one of my favourite genre, Defense Grid do that in right direction.So let's talk about the 2nd series.- Graphics, the eyecandy although I'm not sure it was meant to please our eyes because it's whole new design & game engine, tower design feels cartoony instead like modern warfare, especially with glowing colors inside almost every towers, the explosion also feels overkill when it zoomed to max, it's hard to see the aliens because it's covered with explosion, with every details and things the graphics makes my eyes tired so quickly I have to quit the game when I play for an hours or two, before it starting to hurts my eyes.- Leaderboard, maybe you want to race or at least see what you've achieved compared the others, however cheaters ruin it, at this point I don't even bother to see my rank, things like this is discouraging.- AI Script, honestly I never pay attention to story but as you progress eventually you will know what's the situation of our game, and this time we are playing with more AI (it mean more voice) but this time unlike lonely, kinda adorable AI from DG1, I feel this time they were so clingy to each other, if you pay attention to the last scene and conversation our next Saga probably continue with Alien getting help by one of AI from this series.- Tower design (change, buff, nerf, etc), in DG1 mazing require cheap tower and Gun Tower is the cheapest of all, however being the cheapest not always the worst, which in fact you can complete whole game by using only Gun tower. in DG2 things have changed, they add Boost which do nothing except to elevate tower and gives certain buff. Gun tower nerfed a little bit, they didn't have so much power like in DG1, even stacking it doesn't really help in certain maps, and with no more Air alien making MISSILE tower kinda unnecesarry addition, Meteor tower does it better, Concusion tower in this game get's buff heavily, making Inferno tower kinda in same situation like missile tower.- Sound, not much different with blast and so on, it's great but I miss building sound from DG1Overall, DG2 feels like more fantasy instead sci-fi, a bit issue specially graphics keeps me not want to stare at the screen for very long time. I can play DG1 for many hours before my eyes get tired.Do I recommend it? Yes ofcourse, but if you haven't play DG1, buy that too, and play it in reverse order, play this first, and DG1 later."
76561198010190343,Not Recommended,221540,17781715,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Dr.Colossus,Keep getting the DX 10 Error after 15 minutes of playing.Can not finish any levels without being kicked out of the game now.Do not buy until this has been fixed
,Recommended,221540,15872691,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,✅PreX' Stylez IHAV mononucleosis,"Got this game on beta, it was amazing. 11/10 would play over and over."
,Recommended,221540,11826239,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,GameDart,"If you loved the original, you'll love DG 2, as it adds nice new fun twists to the game, A must buy for all DG fans."
,Recommended,221540,12031537,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Drunken Smokey Joey,Love it. funny story line. addictive.you must defend your power cores from the theiving alians. they currupt your AIs in the story which is funny when they loose their mines. so many different alian types. even the small weak ones can be hard in groups if your not careful.
,Recommended,221540,13479946,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Froogle,Wow. enough said.
76561197970834551,Recommended,221540,13099135,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Codylynx,"It's certainly living up to the greatest tower defense game ever, sequel."
,Recommended,221540,13014767,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Sad Japanese Man,Best Tower Defense.Still Valid
,Recommended,221540,12255161,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Asycient,If you love tower defense games... this is for you.
,Recommended,221540,12254454,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,dmksan,Nice game. Highly on track with the original.
76561197972076777,Recommended,221540,13144239,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Jellycrusher,"My favourite tower defense game is back! The basics are basicaly the same and even names of many achievements too, however there are also many new elements.1. Completely new story with new maps.2. More AIs3. More very funny dialogs.4. Many orbital laser modes to choose from.5. Selectable bonuses for towers.6. Boosts to build under the towers providing separate bonuses.7. Multiplayer.8. Steam Workshop.9. Enhanced graphics and sceneries.10. Clear scoring where you may see whether you are able to reach gold.It looks like it will give me many dozen hours of gameplay."
76561197970412946,Recommended,221540,13107102,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Zxzz,Exactly like the first one... which means if you liked the first one it is more of the same. Ph... and you can play some of the levels with a friend.
,Recommended,221540,20492305,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,DX2,Great game! Worth every penny.
76561197961720594,Not Recommended,221540,18102707,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Turric4n,"mediocre tower defense. bad controls, almost no strategy involved, enemys that look all the same."
,Recommended,221540,12231898,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,mumia,"I have mixed feelings on DG2. It's more of the same as Defense Grid, which is good, but it lost it's heart. It feels more sterile. It has updated graphics, and the environments does look good, much better than in the first game. But the same can't be said about towers and enemies. Both look awkward to me, the towers looked much more functional in the first game, and their upgrading was much better, now when you upgrade a tower it simply vanishes into a hole, and the new tower emerges in it's place. Lame imo. And the aliens look well just bad, nothing like in the first part. In the first they looked mechanized and tough. Now most of them look like a chicken had a baby with an insect.  Others simply look like insects. And some look like dinosaurs without heads.But those are just externalities, if the game mechanics are still there there is no problem right? Sadly this is not the case. Game mechanics are much simplified now. The first game got it's appeal from the fact that the aliens were after your power cores, and the more cores you allow them to take, the less resources you can salvage. So your first aim was always to kill the aliens before they could reach the cores at all. Another fine thing was, that you gained interest for unspent resources. So you couldn't build towers like no tomorrow, because the more money you kept the more you made. This made a very interesting juggle to always have just as much firepower built that is absolutely necessary to kill the next wave of aliens, and no more. Because that meant loss of resources and less score and the end. Or on harder levels lack of resources to build enough defences for the next wave.Now the basic principle is the same in DG2 too, the aliens come for the cores and take them if you allow them. But the fine details are completely eradicated. It doesn't matter if you kill the aliens before or after taking the cores as it doesn't influence your resources. And interest is fixed, you always have the same resource flow no matter how many credits you have. So it's completely unnecessary to hold back on building, you can empty the treasury all you want all the time with absolutely no repercussions.To me this means the game just lost it's heart. Now all you have to focus on is tower placement that's it.There are a few new features like upgrades to towers that give them more firepower, or disrupt shields on aliens, or give a score(not resource!) boost, but it's not enough to offset the loss of the things mentioned above. And there is one more thing missing, there are no flyer aliens anymore. All of them are walkers. Or rather there is something that could be considered flyers, as sometimes they drop a pod next to the core housing to hatch aliens right there. Frankly this I feel is cheating in a tower defence game.  It kills the purpose of the game if the enemy can appear right at the finish line.Amongst other minor new features are self repairing aliens, that if you stop hurting them get back to full health, but as soon as you're prepared for them they make no difference. And aliens that drop shields on levels for other aliens to pick up, but with the disruptor tower upgrade this feature becomes mute too. I mean you don't have to alter your strategy because of it, just upgrade a few towers to disruptor capability and you're set.And you have new superweapons as well, but as I found out most of them are too weak to make a difference. So you'll stick to one or two of them anyway.Unusually for a tower defense game there is also some kind of back story, but it's even more lame than in the first game. And they went too far with AIs I mean you have these AIs whose only role seems that they spout nonsense into your ear all the time, one of them more annoying than the other. In the first game you only had one, that was fine. If they wanted more characters they should've made some real NPCs not all of them AIs. Or small cutscenes maybe to make it more personal. But there is nothing like that. They wasted money on recording half a dozen idiotistic voices in a studio.So that's what I think about Defense Grid 2.Mind you I haven't played all the game modes yet, only the basic campaign. But it feels lacking. If I want to score it it's a 6 out of 10."
76561198168871754,Not Recommended,221540,14756531,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Erazer Blazer,"Using Yosemite. Game loads and first screnn i'm taken to is the setup window, and cant do anything else but shut it down.I cannot play this game at all  :l Is there a fix? So I'd love to give it a thumbs up but unfortunately but this♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't working. cheers"
76561198028937742,Recommended,221540,17540550,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Granamere,Fun tower base game with fun coop.
,Recommended,221540,35150771,Posted: 23 September,all,LaRZy,8/10
,Recommended,221540,11751051,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,b 0 t t i n i,"Please hurry with an update......  needs more levels.   but this game is one of my favorates of all time.  other TD games do not compare, this series got me started on TD.  I have part one on 360 XLA.  cant wait till this one is finished,  but for now please give us an update!!!"
76561198000385268,Recommended,221540,17724993,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"The best-looking and challenging tower defense out there, with lots of options and a target which loses ""cores,"" which can be recovered if in time, There is a lot of ""story"" dialogue at each level's beginning, but it's ignorable, even though the game doesn't really start until the dialogue is over. Very well done, and highly recommended."
76561197992798339,Recommended,221540,23646409,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Winston Wolfe,"Worth every penny, addictive"
76561198006624442,Recommended,221540,12256224,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,"Brilliant game, played the original and loved it. This sequel is better!"
76561198054167184,Not Recommended,221540,12215152,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Mobro,"You've got to be kidding me!!! The graphics are @!$#@, the gameplay makes no sense, even the music is crap compared to the original score. Back to this garbage in a moment, well I thought, at least I can use the level editor...nah, that would have been too easy. When I loaded up the the editor, half of the program seem to have been (nyi)..I asume that stands for not yet installed? Well when do you plan on installing it? Next week, month, never? The graphics are not to be belived for a 2014 game. No smooth animation, you can't zoom in really close like the original(I guess they don't want you to see how♥♥♥♥♥♥poor that stuff really is!) I probably could go on but what's the point? Valve and Hidden Path got your money, they don't give a damn. I have been waiting for this game for years. What a letdown! What a POS!! Maybe I will write more later. Oh and Valve, you should not count ANY time played on demos,betas and any non-fianalized product as time spent using the product(as is spelled out in your virtually non helpful refund policies!)YoursWes"
,Recommended,221540,12735149,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sodomite the Devourer of Ass,"When I first bought this, I was worried at what I might see. But all doubts lft with a whiff of cool air when I started the campaign. Amazing sequel to an amazing game. That's all you need to know."
,Recommended,221540,26270559,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Zulu,"Super cool Game  many difficulties, you can play team also.  the torrets mmm sexy mama!lolfor real that ghame to i try to make it top points over my friends  have the more points, it can be addictive if you try to beat me! mouhahahah.When you play team you play together agains the torrets. i just played once so ... i  have the 1 version of the gamer and 1 and 2 are goodreally chanllenging this puzzlish kind of game strategie.  Also   you can zoom in and turn the camera for a better view of the rd and how you place you tower that  really practicle and makes it easy to play."
76561198053902393,Not Recommended,221540,12452984,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Greatrabe,"This is an alright game, not a great game.It is fun enough, and may well be worth the buy on sale (I did have fun playing through it) but it is not nearly as polished as it needs to be for the price tag. My complaints include the random system of attaining upgrades for your towers, the lack of tooltips, restrictions of mouse movement (once in the upgrade menu of a tower the mouse can only move up and down, a symptom of being a port from consoles not done right) and the inability to easily restart a mission in multiplayer mode."
76561198075459337,Recommended,221540,12164413,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,SLUG,I cant see unwanted cargo - the free level. Still if the game itself is on par with DG The awakening iots going to be awesome. At this moment in time it seems a bit cartoony compared to the first hopfully its going to get better.
76561198126964016,Not Recommended,221540,14674715,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,umpasvirtualpets2,why is it that every time i try to play dg2i open the game up and the setting window open up instead of the gamei would like to be ableto play the games withouthaving to try opening it 30 time before it finally opens HELPPPPPPHow can this problem be stoped.DENIS
,Recommended,221540,14948430,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SajBear,Best tower defence game out there! :)
,Not Recommended,221540,14849261,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,funny bunny,DG2: Defense Grid 2
76561198019017542,Not Recommended,221540,15708086,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,ffrontier,How do I get a refund? Seriously the only thing similar between DG2 and Defense Grid are some of the voice actors. The graphics stink. The game play stinks. How do i get a refund?
76561197978471043,Not Recommended,221540,15480832,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Trazzan,To much of the same all over. I wouldn't recommend this.
,Not Recommended,221540,13464890,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Macabre,"Hidden Path should feel utter shame for defense grid 2, which clearly is a attempt to milk DG1's fan base. I was very excited to get this game, even more so when I saw co-op. within 5 minutes of playing this game I already could see some issues.Co-op?? co-op is more like single player with spectate, players SHARE the resource pool effectively making multiple players pointless.UI - The UI is ugly, clunky and 1 dimensional, it litterly looks like something I made my first term in freshman year for a Photoshop class.Gameplay- is almost the same as defense grid 1, it offers a few new but completely unneeded features.settings- this game lack many basic video game options, like changing the sound setting... yep that right you can't change the sound settings. luckily it does support diffrent resolutions, the problem is you need to change it outside of the game, meaning you cannot change it while the game is running...price- this game in no way justifies its price its hastily slapped to together, most of the new features like co-op are horrible and had little to no thought put into them.PAYING FOR FAN MADE CONTENT - yep that’s right they charge you cash for stuff fans made...I really enjoyed Defense grid one, and i have to say I feel thoroughly cheated. I can't help but feel like Hidden path realized they had a good fan base and made this just to milk them. DO NOT BUY THIS."
76561198006730177,Not Recommended,221540,12500859,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,ecbii,"BIG FAN OF DEFENSE GRID 1! Defense Grid 2 is a huge disappointment. So many bugs and crappy graphics.Comparing DG1 to DG2 is like comparing day and night. I finally loaded up the first level, and thought...OMG, this can't actually be it? Is this a bad joke? Well, there's $25 I may as well have used for toilet paper.I was soooo looking forward to this one. Really bummed."
,Recommended,221540,11326251,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,JOEHAMMER,"DG2 is a great follow up to DG , I really enjoy the multiplayer aspect!"
,Recommended,221540,12288286,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Jacks_Gulch,"If you liked the first one. You'll like the second one. Feels just this same; this time, on Linux. :)"
76561197987545929,Not Recommended,221540,13437160,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,DeadlyHombre,Terrible user interface intended probably for consoles. The mouse moves the whole screen instead of moving the cursor. Unplayable. Boring. A total waste of money.
,Recommended,221540,11369980,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Noncolorless | LGNS,Fun =D
,Recommended,221540,12075099,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Reviewify.co.uk,"Only played the beta demo so far, but as a massive fan of the original (still one of the best tower defense games EVER!) I'm pleased to see the second is shaping up nicely.Graphics look great, there is all the original 'just one more go' addictive game play and it looks like some rather interesting new elements to get to grips with."
,Recommended,221540,12029138,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Wisting,"I grew up on Warcraft 3 Tower Defense and it became my standard for what a tower defense ""should be"". To each their own, but the Defense Grid series is the closest thing I've found to my original standard."
76561197996762500,Recommended,221540,12163595,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,xreaclize,Good
,Recommended,221540,13158945,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Paradise Decay,"If you ever only play 1 tower defense game in your life..... this is the one!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lL56QtgHAWoDG2 is the highly-anticipated sequel to Hidden Path Entertainment’s 2008 Defense Grid: The Awakening. Setting the bar as the definitive tower defense game, Defense Grid 2 introduces new worlds and threats to test your tower placement strategies. With a bold new look, a compelling single-player campaign, and the addition of new game modes, online player-versus-player and multiplayer co-op, every play-through brings fun new opportunities and challenges. - Highly Recommended!"
,Not Recommended,221540,12720111,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,arnaoben,"Didn't think it was that good tbh. I bought because of the good review but i was pretty disappointed. The graphics are alright, if that's what you look for in a TD game, but you can easily find TD games online for free that are way better in nearly every other way. Not worth $25 at all IMO."
76561198010822523,Not Recommended,221540,28409340,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,The Real Me,I have play Defence grid 2 for merely 12 hours and it just a push over and the game lags constantly. If you got the first Defence grid game stick to it. You even have to make a ♥♥♥♥ing account to play the game.
76561198128494745,Not Recommended,221540,12998777,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,jace,"If you own a Mac-  dont even bother.  Its an absolute suck fest.  Game rarely launches past the intro screen- crash city.  And you cnat see anything.  The graphics are dark, even after the so- called up date.Its not even worth it if it were free."
76561198159103722,Not Recommended,221540,12527026,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ronaldegagnon,Defense Grid 2 does not work on my IMAC.  My Mac is top of the line and is way above the minimum requirements for this game.  I have never had any other software problems on this machine.  I have been trying to get this to work for over an hour and am frustrated.  I cannot find a support phone number to call.  I will be asking for a refund.
,Recommended,221540,11585104,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Veltrex666,Even better then DG:A and it is only beta yet. Can't wait for the whole game!
,Recommended,221540,12182276,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Bear is Driving,Dem grids.
76561197990789128,Not Recommended,221540,13023024,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,cmorris4327,Wow. What a disapointment after DG1
,Recommended,221540,11320382,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,tHe-BiNk,Really loved DG1. DG2 looks to be another fantastic tower defense game.Still only 2 levels with minimal additional functionality.In its current form DG2 should provide you with about 2 hours of solid gameplay. Play each of the two levels at the 4 different difficulty levels.
76561198146770589,Not Recommended,221540,12227308,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,bmansfb,"Horrible.  The first Defense Grid is better. DG2 has a mouse problem where the mouse is too sensitive and the setting won't correct but make it worse.  It takes several clicks of the mouse to get the tower menu to appear and then several more clicks to get the choice you want.  By this time, several of the aliens have passed by.  The computer banter is useless and distracting.  When there is a good piece of information, I have already tuned out the banter and missed the info.  DG1 is a classic tower defense game and DG2 is a swing and a miss.  I stopped playing at mission 7 as the mouse arrow was vanishing and pretty useless at bringing up the tower menu.  Hope this helps"
,Recommended,221540,11319574,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Kiskunk,"Crashes a bit often and I should buy a new video card, but among these, looks decent and worth the price."
,Recommended,221540,12288354,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Markus,Beta review:I loved Defense Grid: The Awakening and I was really lookling forward to playing the sequel.First impressions: looks and feels familiar. I like it. After 5-10 minutes I still liked it. At about 15 minutes mark my computers PSU blew up..I bought a new PSU. Luckily there were no collateral damage. PSU blowing up was probably just a coincidence but I never played DG2 again.9/10 would recommend.
76561198041897268,Recommended,221540,12085405,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,mEtALgHoSt,"One of many glaring deficiencies you’ll see in DG2 first off is that the designers really have NOT put any creativity or basic thought into scaling. Buildings are microscopic compared to the enemy you are combatting and it looks ridiculous to say the least, removing all intimacy from the battles; it would have provided a personal experience if the Grid, Creatures, and Environment were all proportionate to one another. My question is- why go through all the trouble of improving the battle effects, make the weapons systems look really dorky, and the creatures so plain? Is this the “Bold New Look”? This is KIDD STUFF. As for the “Beta Release” Game Play, (3) Graphics, (7) Sound (3) Story (?) = 3.25ish. Bottom line- it’s a new tower defense game to play. Hidden Path Entertainment- you should see what the youngsters are doing at my community college DMA department, because you’re not getting squat for your dollar, this could have been a blockbuster."
76561197975975956,Not Recommended,221540,11360867,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,.Loki. Quazi,"Im the biggest fan of this franchise and couldn't wait for the DG2. But as soon as I launched he first campaign, my jaw dropped with dissapointment. The only original feature barely remaining is the grid-based map layouts to filter aliens through, but that's about it! The enemies are barely indestinguishable from each other, way too tough, too fast, the towers all look the same, towers are super weak, and it used to be pretty clear by the borders on the towers where aliens can and can't go, but instead now it shows you a pre-calculated path. The path mechanic I dont think has improved anything because for me, the challenge always seemed to plug the gaps you didn't see, that was the challenge!Im sorry, so dissapointed, the art style and game play is for an entirely different game, this is not a good sequel for a legendary game as Defense Grid."
76561197970651513,Recommended,221540,12067904,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,darklord,awsome
,Recommended,221540,11903567,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,BGLacky,"If you like tower defense, what are you doing, BUY THIS!"
,Recommended,221540,12095174,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,┏(--)┛۞┗۞(۞-۞-۞)۞┓┗(-_-)┛,DA BEST GAME EVER
76561198014454039,Recommended,221540,12153778,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,justins,"I'm livid because I was told there would be a free map to download if I followed like 13 different step to help them with the beta of this game.... and the map UNWANTED CARGO is no where to be downloaded.Thanks for exploiting my time, Hidden Path."
76561198007575596,Recommended,221540,11893063,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,hammer25,awesome game
,Not Recommended,221540,12183498,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,idiosigil,"Loved the first game, and bought and liked all the DLC for it. Have been waiting for the sequel eagerly. It's the first game I've eveer bought full price on Steam. I have to say it's disappointing. Almost every aspect of the game feels worse than the original for some reason. The graphics are of lower quality, not just visually, but design-wise. The new designs make everything look very similar. Aliens and towers do not look different enough. The scale also seems off... the aliens are too small when compared to the towers. Graphics are very jagged even on ""very high"" graphics setting. Disappointed also to see that the final release of the game only has 21 levels. Hoping very much that things improve, but right now, it's not a polished game. Seems unfinished. I don't know what they were working on for so long."
76561198015686100,Recommended,221540,12094698,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,#JesusJuice,its dg2
76561197969041490,Not Recommended,221540,11382703,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,TheWatcher Donuts,"Update 9/20/2014In the last update they did for the beta it got better, some of the towers do seem to have more animation but the new teals tower's lighting animation caused graphical black lines to pop on my screen every time it fired as though there was a graphical glitch.I still feel like the cannon tower looks way to different from its predecessor (give me back my three barrel death cannon) and i do agree with allot of people that a locked mouse when in tower selection is not the way to go.The game play has gotten better, less laggy, and the explosion effects dont seem as crazy as they first were.In regards to the ant path and the color of some of the aliens it seems to have been toned down and maybe it was just a over arching bloom effect gone crazy before.Overall they have fixed a lot, I notice they took out the teasel tower for now.I hope they rethink the cannon tower in its final upgraded form. Say hello to my death accordion you aliens lol and the only other nagging point is the heart beat do-dad when you right click on the alien. Wish it truly reflected the aliens health but not at this time…just a looping animation.--------------------------------------------Original 4/23/2014The game at this stage is a bit choppy on my system and its also very hard to distinguish the aliens from the path and all the effects that happen from explosions.I really miss the old simple colors and the clean look and feel. It feels like my computer is working way to hard on fancy graphics. If they had kept the same graphic engine but put all of these new towers, aliens and functions into this DG2 it would probably play allot smother.Hope they tone it down again so I can see what my towers are shooting at and fix this jumpy game play. Esp going from normal speed to fast forward nearly made my system choke.Keep up the good work though :)At this time im saying NO to recommending only because even with my $$$ graphics card the game was graphically sluggish, jumpy, and visually a mess to play."
76561197969420923,Not Recommended,221540,12121948,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,KillingYouGuy,"Thumbs down for a poor beta release with no updates past the initial two boards. Not worth the early adoption and the game does not feel updated from DF 1, hopefully it will be addressed but there should have been additional updates."
,Not Recommended,221540,12136816,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,SB,"your going to want to wait on this one for a while after release... glitches, bugs, and a ton of issues currently.settings arent fully enabled yet.graphics arent really better than the 1st game.issues with towers stop working or become inaccessible on moving platforms.plus a ton of other things that are annoying currently.content is also lacking in beta, even though more content has been promised for months..."
76561198037535233,Not Recommended,221540,11955948,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Killarot,"Honestly, this game is just an absolute pile of mediocrity. I feel sad I've wasted too much money on it. even the simplest tower defense games from flash websites and blizzard custom map schemes are much more complete, in dept, with more towers, better controls and way more monster options.It was really disapointing to me in a way, that even after the second match I've unistalled it feeling ashamed of such a waste of money.The ONLY decent gimmick was the stage changing and growing in the middle of the match, apart from that, you can find MUCH better tower defense games FOR FREE."
,Recommended,221540,11310832,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Abigor,Good tower Def game quite fun
,Recommended,221540,11314675,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Warchief,"2014-07-19Allthough theres only 2 maps in the beta right now, you can pretty much tell that this is DG1 on speed. Everything you loved from the first game is in there, with the addition of new cool features. (pretty much as you would expect) Notably, the multiplayer looks interesting allthough it still needs lots of work.Basicly, if you liked DG1, this should be an instabuy, no questions asked."
76561197995046761,Recommended,221540,11316171,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Strontium_99,It's been a long wait. If the full game is as good as the beta it should be awesome…!!!!
,Recommended,221540,11317472,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,bradin,"DG1 was the first TD game i really played and i loved it... While the content in DG2 at the moment is limited, if DG1 is anything to go by, once the game releases out of beta there will be more than enough to do. Highly recommended!"
76561197975660402,Recommended,221540,11379492,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Legion,Awesome expansion to an awesome game! Can't wait until the BETA it finished and its launched.
76561198024725408,Recommended,221540,11381896,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Storm_the_Giant,"SO far I have had a good time with the two available levels. Seems to be very true to the original with a few twists and new features, as well as graphics' to spice up the fight! Thanks again, Hidden Path!"
76561198006354106,Recommended,221540,11308282,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,msk888hyper,This is a must buy.
76561197980841637,Recommended,221540,11309739,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,littlemac1989,"If you liked the original, DG2 is a must buy! Great tower defense game."
37462783652478652,Recommended,221540,11339822,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,max thrusting,loved the first one this one is a total improvement over it but bear in mind that at the moment the 2 levels you can play are in beta and will crash and or freeze from time to time but i recommend it
76561197976225811,Recommended,221540,11326720,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,soulbash,"If you like tower defense games, the defense series it the best I have played."
76561198030677118,Recommended,221540,11327036,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,glassguy2006,Finally a level editor!
,Recommended,221540,11327039,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Lupus Fidelius,"Beautiful looking game, like the ability to add build points using resources. No stability problems noted yet, though achievements are not tracking properly yet."
,Recommended,221540,11328896,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,SlicK,"If You like tower defense, this is game is very good. You need to think in order for you to make a right way and what is the right gun you need to put. Just need indicator on HP the alien has order for me to plan. It is hard to check the hp one by one"
,Recommended,221540,11390253,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Garner,"The original was by far the best TD game of its time and I'd argue still is despite being almost 6 years old. Based purely on the beta, DG2 seems to be picking up what made it so good the first time, building on that and delivering something that actually adds to the TD genre.Moving platforms, boost squares (Sanctum players will be familar with the concept of a basic block for pathing purposes only) and the familiar computer voice :) Given I bought the original on Xbox360 and PC (it was THAT good) I happily threw more money at my screen for this. Beta hasn't dissappointed, looking forward to the finished game!"
76561197979545718,Recommended,221540,11392593,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,FishyJere,A fine sequel.
76561197984040110,Recommended,221540,11393985,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,The Mighty Georg,"If your even vaguely interested in tower defense games then the first one is definately worth a purchase. I have over a hundred hours at it and still sometimes go back to try and complete some of the harder levels. If you like that, then you will like Defense Grid 2 I'm sure.Currently there are only 2 missions which u can play, with about 4 different scenarios and difficulties to try out. I'm not going to spoil it but there are some signifigant changes while keeping the same as the DG1. You also only have access to towers that were in DG1 except the Buff Tower which is new but theres plenty of empty area is the tower menu for new towers to come.I notice in the tower selection they seem to have thier own ""inventory/skill"" slots so that looks interesting possibly enabling you to tweak your towers to suit your mission or playstyle.Overall I'd say play the first one if your not sure about the price (allthough, potentially you can get it for free by pre-ordering this), other wise I'd definately reccomend picking this up."
76561198038233427,Recommended,221540,12195336,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Gold and Gems,"Defense Grid 1 is one of the best TD games, so I had great faith on DG2"
76561198010171487,Recommended,221540,12196404,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Triplicus,Raspberries 2: Electric Boogaloo
,Recommended,221540,12172412,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Gordon Bleu,Defense Grid is back and it is beautiful. The old game mechanics are still in place and they improved the graphics quite a lot. There also are some new tower types. All is topped with really good voice acting and a story that seems very interesting at the early point in the game i am at right now. This is one of the rare times i don't regret funding an early access game. Thank you Hidden Path Entertainment!
,Recommended,221540,12175035,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Torgul,Very good game :) .... the best tower defense series out today.
76561198073442694,Recommended,221540,12179533,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,RangeR,I love this GAME!It much better then the first DG.
,Recommended,221540,11290987,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Leela,I had the beta and made this review and now I don't so now I can't.
76561197997927151,Not Recommended,221540,21477164,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,nbilyk,"Overall I am enjoying the game, but I regrettably must give it a thumbs down. My biggest complaint is noise. The narrative was complete annoying gibberish, and intentionally so. The graphic effects are so over the top they are hard to look at, and the story arc doesn't make any sense."
,Recommended,221540,17041120,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Rusler,Hours of fun!
76561198030785410,Recommended,221540,17190984,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,sweet_pete69,"Good sequel, better graphics, awesome that you can rotate the camera now, levels increasingly challenging"
,Recommended,221540,16669117,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mithaw,More of the same with good old defense grid ; very high quality tower defense with a few new features that have made it worth the price. The addition of cooperative games and tower upgrades outwith games has extended what was already a very solid game idea.It's well worth the purchase price.
76561197972254465,Recommended,221540,18742321,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Phøenix™,"This was my first tower defense game at all and i like it.PRO:good variety of towers, power up and boostersa bit of strategy needed to the various type of aliensCONS:maybe after a while could be repetitive"
76561198042045821,Recommended,221540,18854864,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Meganomic,Didn't enjoy it as much as the previous game but it was still a couple of hours of fun.
76561198037472785,Recommended,221540,18937531,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Shalun,"8/10. Genre: Tower of Defense. Game play: approximately twenty to twenty-five hours for Story mode. Replayable: PvP & Co-op. Improved graphics over DG1, missles can hit ground units, added tower upgrades resulting in 1 to 5 variations, impetus to use more than the gun, cannon, and meteor towers, and good story line. Well executed, but I did have one fault crash and one occurence of a UI bug. I ignored missles until 4/5 through the game due to them being useless in DG1. Don't!  Pick it up on sale and its a steal."
,Recommended,221540,30549243,Posted: 16 March,all,Jayrex,"A great defense game, better than the original, and the original was fun too.  If they do a third one, I'm getting it for sure!  It's a fun strategy!"
,Recommended,221540,18455943,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,atomicfaster,GG
76561197990238749,Recommended,221540,18475046,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,[ISI]Tidicus,I want more
,Recommended,221540,18390954,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Didgemonster,"I love tower defense games and this one has taken it to a whoole new level! I always wanted to play a tower defense game that was more dimensional instead of the standard overhead view. This baby is it! This is where i get my TD fix hands down, Great game!"
,Recommended,221540,18418150,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Jinotega,I loved the original DG and I am happy to have a sequel that didn't too far away from the original.
,Recommended,221540,18363829,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Mr. Potato,Best TD game on PC. Way better than DG1.
,Recommended,221540,18551931,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Khyron,One of the only TRUE tower defense games out there with no gimmicks. Very good balance
76561198006492762,Not Recommended,221540,18653139,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Tin man,The user interface SUX giant Mammoth BALLS
,Recommended,221540,18701220,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,habilain,A good tower defence game. I kind-of think the story is lacking in comparison to the first though. Still good.
,Not Recommended,221540,18825869,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,InterDimensionalOwl,"Game breaking bugs, with no communication regarding fixes. Generally the game is lacking something that made the first game a joy to play. I recommend the first game and its DLC instead."
76561197961012113,Recommended,221540,18223771,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,david,If you like tower games then this is the sweet spot.check out the forever free maps website for community maps.
76561197993114298,Recommended,221540,18272266,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Spin,"While it lacks the sense of urgency and standard of level design of the first iteration this is still worth a purchase (I got it in a midweek sale, worth keeping an eye open for reductions).Adding lots of new characters to the story didn't really do anything to add to the entertaining narrative of the first game, but all the same it was nice to hear the old AI again."
76561198049318436,Not Recommended,221540,18245154,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,cracker54,I was hoping for so much more out this game and it never came. It would of been smart of them to resolve issues surrounding trying to play this game on a latop with a touchscreen.
76561198004581110,Recommended,221540,18166524,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Death Pocket,"I like this game. It's like Defense Grid but a newer version with slightly better graphics. It is good, I like it. You play now, right?"
,Not Recommended,221540,19103489,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,NullaPax,DG2 is a basic tower defence gameA deep disapointment after the remarkable DG1.
,Recommended,221540,19048669,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Celisasu,"The original Defense Grid is considered one of the best Tower Defense games out there.  So the question is....how does the sequel hold up?The short answer is: Not as well as the original.On the other hand Defense Grid 2 is still a fun game.  It follows all of the tower defense tropes as expected.  A variety of towers.  Upgradable.  Place them to best abuse the map layout while killing as many aliens as possible.There is a story like in the original but this time you have a lot of new AIs joining your crew with their own quirks.  Each also offers an alternative special weapon such as a resource gathering laser or the ability to control what the towers target.  Most of the new AIs don't get enough time to be throroughly developed with one exception, but still it allows a lot of fun interaction between them.Now where the changes have happened.  First there are no longer flying aliens with their alternate routes.  Overall this makes things a bit easier as you're not worrying about them.  The missle tower is now basically a cannon tower on steroids.  Even more firepower with greater range but even a slower rate of fire.Command towers are gone.  Instead you can upgrade boost towers which you place a normal tower on.  The upgrade choices are disrupter(reveals stealth, turns off shields on nearby enemies), score boost(does exactly what it says), and overcharge(ups tower damage by 25%).  This also helps make things easier as disrupter is really good meaning certain towers just aren't necessary(notably the Tesla tower which is the main anti-shield tower.  Why use it when you can just upgrade another tower with a disrupter?).There are unlockable upgrades that you get by beating levels.  These are handed out randomly sometimes when you beat a level with higher difficulty increasing your chance of a reward.  Most of them make your towers better at no cost so if you're having trouble with a level, these can definitely make things easier for you.  For example there's a temporal missle reward that causes your missle tower to heavily slow an enemy as well as doing heavy damage to it.  You can only have one of these upgrades assigned to a specific tower at a time and it applies to all copies of the tower you make.The aliens are mostly the ones you know from the original although a few new ones have been added and some older ones have had small changes in how they do things.  And the fliers as noted before are gone.Overall Defense Grid 2 is a fun game with the AIs giving it some personality if perhaps a bit too easy due to certain easily exploited mechanics.  Definitely worth adding to your collection if you're a fan of the genre but if you don't like the genre there's nothing here that's going to change your mind."
76561198073241631,Not Recommended,221540,18975010,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Annoyin' Mercenary,"It's quite a dull game, the turrets feel like they don nothing, its just bland overall"
,Recommended,221540,16719950,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Partenope,"I have a lot fun palying it, maybe it´s easier the the first one. Nice graphics. I´s a shame so few people a playing it online for MP."
,Recommended,221540,16675338,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Misfiring,"If you like tower defense games, you will certainly like this."
76561198055762608,Recommended,221540,16605388,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ortzz,"This is just about how good tower defense can get. It does not innovate too much, but the level of detail is increadible and everything is so polished. The campaign is also suprisingly fun with campy chatter and a solid variety of environments to solve and perfect. I won't go into too much detail because you will know if you like this or not. It's a really good tower defense game, and if that's what you want, go get it."
76561197970663919,Not Recommended,221540,16605740,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,RasterOps,"It's hard for me to reccomend this game, get it on sale. If I could only choose ""No Opinion"". If you have DG1 this game can be a nice addition to your library. It's fun, playable, has some nice new features and the graphics detail is nice.New AI's have been introduced that have unique Orbital attack modes from the original laser bombardment to power core teleportation and more. Towers can also now gain enhancements in addition to normal upgrades, which is very welcome. Enhancements vary per tower and include piercing shields, slowing the target(s) and chemical ordnance to name a few. There are new enemies but no more flying enemies. The Missile tower now targets ground units and is very effective. But...The game campaign seems short, only 21 missions. Of course with several difficulties, the game-play can be much longer.As of June 2015, the game suffers from several serious bugs. Even the bug reporting application crashes unless the player manually creates a ""Logs"" folder inside the main game folder.The most serious bug involves the use of the Backspace key, which is designed to restore previous auto-save points. Without this function, it is like playing the game in Ironman mode."
76561197963765108,Recommended,221540,16664098,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,CLBrown,"This is an OK tower defense game...  but, it ""misses the mark"" a bit in the areas that the first game excelled.There's an old saying... ""if it ain't broke, don't 'fix' it.""  Well, the developers ""fixed"" some of the things in Defense Grid - The Awakening which were what made it so much fun and so challenging.There are many examples of this, but perhaps the most obvious one is the purposeful removal of one of the first game's most central aspects... earning interest for waiting to spend,  The ""interest"" mechanic was entirely stripped from this game.In the first game, your ""A.I"" companion was there for you perpetually...  it was much like a partnership.  In the two expansions, this same mechanic was carried forward, but with first one new character (GlaDOS , first, then Kai and Simon).  The characters added were never a distraction, and never interfered with the gameplay.In this case, they ARE a distraction, however, and are introduced primarily to provide an excuse for different ""orbital laser"" settings...  of which you can only choose one per game session.  So, instead of being your ""weapon of last resort"" as in the first game, these become ""tricks to get more resources"" or the like.Another ""downgrade"" is that the aliens from the first game were, franklly, very visually distinctive.  In this game, they (although in most cases carring the same names as in the first game) look entirely different...  and the redesigned aliens are now no longer visually distinctive.  They all look like they're part of the same species, sure, but they all look very much alike now.Then you have the distracting ""heat and path indicators"" which just serve to obscure the visuals.  And the list goes on and on.Finally, I have to point out, the game is much more resource-intensive than the first game, and yet if anything it doesn't look quite as nice as that first game does.This is actually a decent game...  and if it had been written by someone else, attempting to compete with the first Defense Grid while not totally copying it, I'd be much more favorable with my analysis.  But in this case, it seems that the developer team decided to ""compete with the first game while not being the same.""  This was a risky choice, and one which didn't really pan out well for them.If you get only one game... get the first game, which is far superior to this sequel.  But if you can get both, by all means, do so.  This game is a decent game, it's just a ""downgrade"" from the nearly perfect ""Defense Grid - The Awakening."""
76561198039257166,Recommended,221540,16764183,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,.skilly,"First of all - it is a great game. If you like Tower Defense and find this game on sale - it will be worth your money.OverviewIt is more or less classic tower defense - the aliens come in waves, you can re-arrange the route they take by blocking central paths and they do not fight back. They come in various fashions - shields, regenerating, fast, all classic types are found. Your towers basically can be leveled (3 levels) and provide various attacks, from ranged group damage to slowing mobs, single target rockets or just plain explosive short range area damage - also here you will be pleased with the classic tower defense touch.Pros and Cons+ 20 mission solo campaign - clearly a little strange dialogues of the A.I.s make more sense to the end of the game. It is no brilliant story behind, but well entertaining presented and makes fun.+ Good classic tower defense+ additional modes (e.g. 100 waves, no max level turrets, etc.) and tower quirks+ Community maps can be addedo Multiplayer - sorry no rating from my side here, did not play much onlineo You ""feel"" that the controlls came from console - which is not a huge problem as mouse and the hotkeys work smooth - it just feels slightly strange.- the game crashes (for me) quite often - although the game saves when you leave to desktop your current progress: for me each crash meant the savegame was lost. This from my side reduced the total time spent with the game - still 16+ hours of entertainment for me- no real save possibility - on a crash you are lostOverall:4/5"
76561198024589732,Recommended,221540,17948776,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,^Kevin^,"I'm having fun with this game, and I recommend it.  Its a solid Tower Defense game."
,Recommended,221540,18009191,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,[REKT] Eraser,This game has towers. It is good.
,Recommended,221540,18007110,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,barnarddale,"The characters are funny and well voiced, the game play is addictive if you like tower defense. The user interface is confusing and difficult to navigate, though."
,Recommended,221540,18007278,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,DamianTheAlien,"Defense Grid 1 (DF1) was a very solid game and Defence Grid 2 is its successor. It is worth buying on special and is not good as the original.DF2 is a solid game, with a few extra gameplay elements over DF1, however Hidden Path Entertainment has created a game that is too long, with too many poorly distinguished options that overly complicates things under the time pressure of waves of enemy, and a storyline that leaves you as a bystander more than a key participant.It just doesn't play as well and can become tedious. There is replay value, but it is not appealing. Given a choice, play DF1 as it is perhaps the best tower defense game available. Another game, Defender Quest, is less polished but preferable to play than DF2."
,Recommended,221540,17999086,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,wesloo,There are many tower defense games. But only a few are so good as this one.
76561198087722182,Recommended,221540,13572242,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,craigngu,"Great game, enjoyed it.UI needs improvement-too many shortcuts needed to remember, should have better mouse controls on screen-menu screen has too many things to look at-took me a while to find the launch button on first tryScoring is not intuitive"
76561198062438605,Recommended,221540,13593105,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,CorpseNoire,"Tower Defenese madness at it's best. Great dialogue and wonderful tools of destruction, They've improved over the previous and so far I am very happy"
,Recommended,221540,13593521,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Grumdy,"This is an absolute quality tower defense game without needless gimmicks.  This is a pure breed of the genre, worthy of any Steam library."
76561198009814129,Not Recommended,221540,16824115,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,eXon,"CRAP! This sequence has nothing compared to DG1. Tower art is all messed up and takes too long to upgrade. There is no competition from go >> meaning, im able to upgrade straight to level 3 on the 1st stage! like WTH????The alien art looks crap >>>> dont get me wrong DG1 was the bomb but DG2 is just way too rushed and doesnt feel finished!If anything, if i were the invester of $1mill i'd be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The art of a sequal is to expand on what they already have in part 1, not re-design the entire game from the ground up and make it♥♥♥♥♥♥ REALLY!Im seriously over these gaming companies doing this on purpose.They get you intrigued in the 1st game >> then totally wreck it for you in the next sequal.I cant even be bothered finishing this review........... Like just how they ha........"
76561198002577446,Recommended,221540,16824783,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Killjoule,"I really enjoyed the first Defense Grid, and I thought this one was better in just about every way.  I highly recommend it!"
76561197979933189,Recommended,221540,16480430,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Nexis,One of my favorite Tower Defense games of all time.
,Recommended,221540,16485511,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tesla,Its fun. Get it on sale. Feels like a realllyy old game. Voice acting okay.
,Recommended,221540,16522295,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Jimmybeaver,"Defense Grid 2 , If you like Raspberries Comments your in for a real treat here. Yes neally ever level you will get all kinds of AI banter about Raspberries. Oh yes your mind will be constantly wondering why are they crapping on so much while your trying to get in the tower defence mode. I am a huge fan of the first one, but this is only just passable, get it on sale (No more than $5) , if your a die hard fan of the first and you have money to waste.Pro's- Plenty of raspberries comments- A few new upgrades for towers (unlocked by xp)- Can challenge friends scores as you playMid's- Graphic's just ok- Game play and maps ok- Same gun types of first gameCon's- To many raspberry comments- To much AI talk during game- Can't turn off the score grid (contantly playing while comparing your score to friends can be off putting for some)- Just feel's wrong, the all over the place story just gets in the way of game playAll in all 4 out of 10, would not raspberry very often again"
76561198028985084,Recommended,221540,16544445,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,legatedamar,More of General Fletcher and fighting aliens. What's not to like?
76561198095292387,Recommended,221540,16449945,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Slony,Excellent value for the money.  Addictive as hell and a lot of fun.
76561197980478918,Recommended,221540,16462453,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,blackfire17,so far only played campaigngreat tower D game.  multitude of functional towers.  difficulty levels actually make the game a real challenge.very cool map concepts and playstyle.  it adds a dimension to tower defense games Ive never seen before.
,Recommended,221540,17967028,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,RunawayDanish,"Tower Defense is a genre I've always had trouble getting into. Often the 'plot' is string-thin if even present and the mechanics are often a sticking point. Defense Grid 2 helps justify its existence by having a fairly solid if modest narrative and a colorful cast of characters with a fairly lame but at least present story.The gameplay is simple and can at times require a few retries to get a level down just right. Getting a high score can be fun and challenging, but the game doesn't pick up in true difficulty until Hard difficulty. Even then, hardcore fans of the first game may be disappointed in the comparatively more gradual curve, the sometimes outright random level difficulty (some missions you can do with say, a few gun towers in one spot, while others are really hard suddenly), and the loss of flying units.Basically, this game is more accessable then its predecessor when it comes to new players. I really love this series and would love to see more added to this game- but uh, right now I don't know if it's worth the ~20 usd that they are charging. It's a gem in terms of some character points (namely in regards to Memory and Arteficial Longevity), but the gameplay is essentially OK.COOP is really fun, it makes for a pleasent time killer and I found that collaborating on tower placement tended to work well- and on some of the larger maps it's pretty much a guarenteed win to have two players handling towers up front and in back. Still, I caught the game on sale for about 3-4 dollars and feel satisfied with it. Sadly, I'm not sure this series has enough to offer for its price as of present."
,Recommended,221540,17961419,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Binary Daoist,Great tower defense game.
76561198030367984,Recommended,221540,17936930,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,ExaltedDuck,"I absolutely loved the first Defense Grid.  I think it was in my top ten time sinks on the 360 and I completed all challenges on most of the levels.  This one, I've had fun with but I'm not finding quite as addictive.  I think perhaps it's because I played so much of the first and other than a whole lot of new levels, the only addition is the advisor ability.  If you've never played the first, there's no reason to not start with this one.  It offers more levels and a little more gameplay depth.  If you're worn yourself out the first, I say pass unless/until you're really hungry for more."
,Recommended,221540,17938442,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,matt30060,"I am a big fan of DG1 and spent many hours on that game. I don't review many games but DG1 deserved a positive review. With DG2 I was a bit uncertain. I downloaded the demo and found the opening interface very different. I also noticed the graphics was a bit more sluggish and found the towers a bit more challenging to differentiate than DG1. But that is easily fixed by notching the detail level down. It doesn't materially impact gameplay.Steam recently had a 75% sale and I couldn't resist anymore. I am happy to report that DG2 is very enjoyable and I am quite happy I purchased it. There are enough differences in DG2 to make it worthwhile for the upgrade. You don't have to have DG1 experience to play but it is nice to see where DG2 came from.  I recommend people get BOTH games.In DG2, I really like the addition of the Boost tower. In DG1, players are forced to buy guns to shape paths but it was ""often wasted"" resource because upgrading them didn't provide strategic value. The Boost tower is perfect for shaping paths.The Missile tower in DG2 has been changed to become an attack unit against land aliens between the Cannon and Meteor towers. In fact, there are no aerial units in DG2 as it was in DG1. I have mixed feelings about this. In some ways, it makes DG2 easier without having to contend the aerial units. I think Hidden Path needs to bring the aerial units back again.I have attempted to play multi-player but haven't been able to find anyone in the multi-player search function. I guess I will have to find someone I know to play it with.Hidden Path has not provided much news on the future of DG2.  The Hidden Path store has some .99 maps designed by devoted players and approved for sale by Hidden Path.  But it would be nice to have some DLC packs. Having said that, there are many free maps created and designed by fans to play. Unfortunately, it is a bit cumbersome unless you are somewhat technical-oriented.  Non-technical people will be forced to pay for store maps.Overall, I am big fan of both DG games. Hidden Path needs to release more information or news on the future of DG2 or it will languish. I have read some of the negative reviews and some of the complaints are just offbase to me.  People are overly-critical of DG2. Hidden Path has reduced the price and if you get a 75% Steam sale, it is simply a no-brainer to get it."
76561198104983421,Not Recommended,221540,12630456,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,div1024,"DG1 is the best in TD at least for me, with its DLCs.DG2 is disappointing, very disappointing. I bought pre-order DG2 with free DG1 based on the great experience from DG1, but after playing DG2, I think DG1 is the one I bought.Gun towers are shaking when shooting. All towers seem to tremble when building and upgrading. Tower tracking speed is slow. Sound and graphics effects are upgraded, but don't feel good. A lot of things seem wierd.There are some highlights though, like the tower base and add-ons, but it doesn't attract me enough to go on the champion.Hope HP could make some patches to make DG2 at least as good as DG1."
76561197970644486,Not Recommended,221540,16913616,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Unloader,"Original ""Defence Grid"" is a much better game.  (For all the reasons many other have posted)"
76561198030168739,Recommended,221540,16919287,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,SteVoe,"Love the first one.  In both games cannons were kind of broken, but in this one they are OP while all other tower types are UP and are nearly useless, particularly in Elite mode.Best improvement for me was the removal of flying aliens."
76561197987312565,Not Recommended,221540,17739735,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Marconius,"For some reason, the interface has been optimized for controllers; it's absolutely horrible to play with a mouse. The game itself may well be fun, but it's just torture to actually operate... a damn shame too, wish they'd done a better job with the PC version."
76561198009465724,Not Recommended,221540,17740217,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Drewthless,This game doesn't work. It crashes so quickly it never actually loads. There is no fix according to the forums. My refund was refused. I'm very disappointed.
76561198097561755,Not Recommended,221540,17748239,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,ThePriceWePay,"Game lags very bad even on lowest settings...I have a $2000 laptop, pretty sad!"
76561198209418128,Recommended,221540,17749569,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,celenyisme,"Defense Grid is your normal TD, nothing to special but still fun. Very challenging, I'll be playing for a long time at the rate im progressing. I'd reccomend to any fan of TD's. Reccomend when on sale though.Side note: I never played the first Defense Grid but campign story line you can pretty much just skip, its not really interesting by most peoples standards im sure."
76561198005845615,Recommended,221540,17726680,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,ParaSiafu,"The Defense Grid games belong to the best TD games out here.They are worth every penny, because you will play them again and again and again."
,Recommended,221540,17728464,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Darktoad,"Continues and improves on the first game.   Much better graphics, especially with the backgrounds."
76561198052913080,Recommended,221540,17729248,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Ret@rdu$,Love itLove itLove it
76561197966597014,Recommended,221540,17730330,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Beanie8,"Its OK, and if I hadn't played DG1 then It would be great.The fact of the matter is that they had an impossible task; to take everything that people loved about the first game and some how make it better and new.  It has a few new aspects to it that are interesting, however it will never be the classic that came before. Die hard fans with sky high expectations are always going to be disapointed, and that includes me too.It is definately worth buying though, and I would recomend it to anyone who played and enjoyed DG1."
,Recommended,221540,17730480,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,totalbuzzkit,"This is only my second TD game after Space Run and even though I loved SR, I did not have high expectations for Defense Grid 2. Boy was I wrong.Defense Grid 2 has everything needed to keep you involved and entertained:+ A lot of weapon types+ Level variety+ Nice graphics+ Good voice actingThese things combined guarantee great replay value and hours of fine entertainment. And even after you get through the main campaign, you're not done; you can check out the many player-designed custom levels (sold in-game at $0.99 each) or — if up to the task — you can start designing your own custom levels with the game editor, and even sell them yourself.I grabbed Defense Grid 2 during a Steam mid-week sale at an awesomly steep 75% discount but after playing it for a short while, I honestly think it deserves its list price.Are yuo a fan of tower defense games? If yes, by all means buy DG2 and you will not regret it even at full price.If you aren't familiar with this game genre, grab this game when you see it on sale and check it out for yourself. Chances are, this lovable indie game will keep you entertained for many hours.Enjoy!"
,Not Recommended,221540,17730488,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,zilas0,Im a huge fan of DG1 and when i tryed this it was a huge dissapointment 3/10 Seriously go buy Dg1 :)
76561198005302282,Recommended,221540,17730679,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Strider,Loads of Fun for the Price! Narritive is quirky and Gameplay is very solid for a TD game. The Graphics are also surprisingly good. I easily got more than I expected with this purchase and it only cost me $5 on steam sale!
76561197970924275,Recommended,221540,17732176,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Arcwelder,"Builds on the solid gameplay of the original, if you enjoy TD you should buy this."
76561198039539402,Recommended,221540,17732450,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,TwoCakes McGhee,"Very fun and challenging. <$4 on sale is ridiculous too, being worth full price."
76561197983193743,Recommended,221540,17732456,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,RadDog,"Seemed Buggy to me but I still played it through. Not as good, to me, as DG1. Perhaps the new AIs should have made more of a difference, but it didn't seem to/still, fun."
,Not Recommended,221540,17733750,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Daniel.Drache,"Same as DG1, but with paid workshop content"
,Recommended,221540,17734291,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Holographic Charizard,"This is an even better version of the defense grid game, and at the sale price its a steal. A lot of fun new mechanics involved and the AI banter makes it not so boring. The only major downside for me a CTD bug. The game every now and then is convinced that my computer cant run DX10 and exits to desktop losing all level save data. If i exit the level on my own i can start where I left off, but every time it crashes this way it does not save a checkpoint no matter how far I made it. The game itself is fun but this bug is rather annoying."
,Recommended,221540,17736802,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,🎉,"☑ Legendary title☑ Continuation of 1st Defence Tower on Steam☑ Free DLC for EVERYONE registering at the beginning of DG2 journey☑ A lot of game mods☑ Multiplayer☑ Addictive game☑ Great price - 3,74€☒ Game crash all the time when go back in time to the beginning of the stage☒ Too many mods, few maps"
76561197976460398,Recommended,221540,12394396,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SandwichKed,"Recommended, but a little disappointing for this long-term DG1 player.It's a little difficult to describe my feelings about this game - I've pretty much loved everything in the original Defense Grid, and this game replicates much of that experience.  I'd argue that it does so a little too well in some ways, and takes some (minor) steps back in others.Everyone remarked on the Fletcher NPC performance in the first game, so in this one we get a half dozen NPC narrators experiencing the story with you, snarking and emoting and occasionally screaming.  When it works, it's fun.  ...but it doesn't always work.  There's too many of them to become emotionally invested in, and the plot material doesn't do the voice actors any favors.  The VAs are all good enough, though the voice direction work is uneven.The towers from DG1 are almost all back - one is named the same but has a different function and one is removed.  There's a new utility/supplemental/secondary tower type that adds interesting nuance, but requires preplanning which is difficult on the first playthrough.  ...and that's it.  The towers have the same costs, the same 1/3/7 power pattern, pretty much nothing at all that really changes the game.Graphics are a mixed bag - view can be rotated, the far view is farther back, a lot of the levels are *really pretty*.  But there's something mushier about the towers themselves and the new aliens all seem to be aerodynamic blobs with less character.  You know the iconic big guy monsters from the first game?  No one is going to want to make t-shirts or posters of their replacements.There's a lot of discussion about the change to the resource and scoring system.  The big thing to understand is that interest is gone, though efficiency (not spending what you have) does boost score.Resources are accumulated mostly as a simple 10-per-tick drip into your balance, with occasional bonuses when you clear certain waves.  There is no per-creep resource gain.  The result of this is that while levels can still be stressfully tight on resources, the in-level reward/punishment for efficient design is significantly blunted, or at least delayed.  This was needed to some degree, I understand why interest was ultimately such a broken mechanic in DG1.  Still, decoupling available resources almost entirely from build efficiency just feels less satisfying.  Maybe something like a bonus on all ticks when there are no aliens on the map would help, since (the classical TD mechanism of) start-wave-sooner is incompatible with NPCs blabbing at you.I think I like the scoring, but it's really somewhat bogus that the details are not spelled out anywhere.  I see some good theorycrafting going on in the official forum, while the official post on the subject is just insulting.  The game is complex enough that simply saying ""each resource in hand gives .01% bonus, each core at the housing gives 2% bonus, each resource used to build towers gives .001% penalty..."" (note - these are not actual values!) isn't going to break anything.  This needn't be done in game, or even game help, but the current explanations are inadequate.  I'd really like the in-game score graph to be zoomed out much farther.Level design is good, but not breaking much new ground.  There's some new tech in here where levels can actually change while being played, but it's only used strongly on one level.  Clicking on your spaceship gives you options to tweak all levels a little but the way this is used is nearly an afterthought with the changes usually limited to allowing build on formerly unbuildable grid tiles or really minor terrain movement.  It also does not get strongly introduced in-game.  I suspect I might have missed an early NPC mention, but the first time I heard anything about it was around level 15, long after I had discovered it by accident.The last story level is satisfyingly epic, but compared to DG1's finale requires much less creative thought.  This was a pattern throughout the game, where I felt that more-holistic designs generally were less effective than put-the-guns-along-the-path.  The new missile tower could have changed the way one builds these levels, but it's hemmed in by too many line-of-sight restrictions for its range/dps combo to become more than a one-off DPS booster late in a level.  The alien waves also have become less nuanced, with all the aliens listed on the wave chart spawning at the start, with no creative delays or late surprises as was normal on late waves in DG1.  The bonus level types have not added anything meaningful, though there are some tweaked rulesets for more-hardcore play.I haven't touched multi or custom levels yet.  I am disappointed to see single levels on the Steam Workshop showing up as $2 DLC in the ingame store.  Maybe this is a normal thing, but I can't help but think it's somewhat crass.So yeah.  Recommended, even at full price.  There are a lot of disappointments, but (stupid-looking aliens aside) also a good amount of potential here.  At this point it just won't be quite the obsession the first one was."
76561197970728460,Recommended,221540,12396043,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,michael_ribeiro,Just as adictive as the first one and better in quite a few ways. Played through the main game and gone back for grinders and harder tries. All in all worth the money if you like tower games.
76561198029074894,Recommended,221540,12214213,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lucius Longcock,"You sit down to play at 6 PM, you don't stop playing until 4 AM.Defense Grid 2 hits the nail on the mark as a sequel to the great and highly addictive Defense Grid: The Awakening. The game plays 90% the same as its predecessor with upgraded graphics and a new tower item system, command shuttle, and boost towers to vary the gameplay and create new strategies. The campaign is engaging for a story being only told through dialogue of the familiar Fletcher and brings back many of characters we met in the Containment DLC.My only complaint would be that they kept the game so familiar, it would have been nice to see some new towers, maybe an ultimate tower, something that took up more than one space on the board.For $25 this game is highly reccomended, the multiple game modes. addition of multiplayer, and mod support will provide hundreds of hours replayability in a game that sets the standard and defines a genre."
,Recommended,221540,12215796,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,13th |UKCS|,"This game takes everything that you know and love about the original Defense Grid and adds on to it to make a sequel that any Tower Defense fan will love. Even when you beat the Story mode, there is still the option of downloading maps from the Steam Workshop or even making your own ones for people to beat. Not to mention the option of online play whether it be coop or competitive. There is enough to keep any fan of Tower Defense games happy for hours to come"
,Recommended,221540,12217918,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Rufeo,"This is the only game I've pre-ordered this year, and it didn't let me down! I got to try it out with a beta key and had a blast with the online co-op feature. You can compete against other people in real-time and it's a blast! The full campaign is fun and you can change your difficulty level to suite your style. I definitely recommend this game if you like tower defense games!"
,Recommended,221540,12218076,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,The Boy,"As an avid fan of the Tower Defense genre, I loved the first DG harder than any previous title in the genre. I sucked the marrow out of it and enjoyed every minute. The preliminary inspection of DG2 seems to really show more of the same - which can only be a good thing. A few additional features - though in the demo I missed a few of the touches of character that turned DG1 from a great game into one that was unmissable. Perhaps I'll find this in the full title - regardless, more of the same outstanding blend of balance and strategy can only be a good thing."
76561197970236979,Recommended,221540,12221085,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Cadman,An excellent sequel!
76561198082576464,Recommended,221540,11383704,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Level 1 Skeleton,best tower defence game out there in my opinion. also the announcer rocks
,Recommended,221540,11318609,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,mrtoolmanextreme,"If you like tower defense games, you will love DG2! It takes the enjoyment of Defense Grid 1 and ramps it up. Enjoyable dialogue, variety of maps. And I look forward to the addons to come out after release! Truly a fun game!"
76561198006575970,Recommended,221540,11368117,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,LoRdNlKoN,"If you liked DG1, definitely pick this up. Really looking forward to the full game."
,Recommended,221540,13701698,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Johny,If you like tower defense games this is CERTAINLY for you.
,Not Recommended,221540,13798128,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,thorvindr,"Not as good as the first, but I'm enjoying it. The addition of different commanders that give you different super weapons is cool. Th new graphics are problematic. Certain towers in DG2 look a lot like other towers in DG. For example, at a quick glance, the DG2 gun tower looks a lot like the DG flame tower. I would have liked it better if they'd modelled the new towers more on the old ones. That would have significantly reduced my learning curve.I dunno. I kinda feel like this is a DLC that's priced like a full game. So far the only real difference I've noticed is the addition of more super weapons (DG just had the super laser, whil DG2 has a different super weapon for each different character). I'm sure once I play it more I'll see new enemies and new towers, but my first impression is that this is mostly a graphics update and new missions.I don't like the new touch-oriented interface. It's just okay on my actual touchscreen (DG1 works better with my touchscreen), and if I'm playing on my desktop (no touchscreen), it just makes things awkward. Long story short: the controls don't work well. Touch or not, I frequently have to click things more than once and the graphic that you're supposed to click on rarely lines up with the actual place you need to click to register a command. So I find myself using the mouse to select towers and locations, then using the keyboard to navigate the resulting menu. Even then, I find myself having to hit ""enter"" more than once very often, and the controls are just overall bad.So... Yeah. Bottom line: I can't recommend this game. I feel like it takes a lot for me to say ""don't play this,"" but broken controls is pretty much a deal breaker. DG2 would be as good as DG if only the controls worked. But there's not enough new/better (there's really nothing better that I've seen) about it to balance out the fact that the new interface completely breaks the controls."
,Not Recommended,221540,13786392,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,LordGooch,"I struggled with an up or down vote - this game is basically Defense Grid 1 with flashier graphics and a bit less content.  Like other reviewers have said - the game is pretty easy to win at any difficulty level, I miss flyers (airborne aliens), Cannons are the only tower type you need - forget the rest.It is the ""consolification"" of Defense Grid 1 - simplified and flashy for someone sitting on a sofa and not interested in thinking too hard.  Deep tactics/strategy are missing (at least relative to the original).Still not a bad game - but if you have Defense Grid 1, you really aren't getting much more than some new maps.  Get it on a steep discount day."
76561198063534436,Recommended,221540,13832424,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,hwmcgruder,"If you played the original DG, this sequal will not disappoint you.  I feel it's more fun than the original yet mantains the same feel.  You will not be disappointed purchasing this game on sale or for regular price.  My only issue was that it wasn't available on XBox 360, which is where I played the original and I don't have an XBox One yet.  But I was very surprised at how great the game is on PC.  Bottome line: I'm a happy gamer and suggest you give this one a go."
,Not Recommended,221540,13867565,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,step_y,"Good:1. Better graphics than DG 12. Refined, no notice-able bugs that will effect your game playBad:1. No game progression, all maps are open. No incentive to play or progress in game.2. You get tower upgrades ramdomly not by completing levels. Forces u to grind (play) maps over and over again to get tower upgrades3. No special cut scene if u finish/complete the game. Not even a ""well done"" page :(4. Almost impossible to find other people to play with via the Multiplayer option. So you are stuck in single player.5. Lack of maps: 20 maps for you to play. Take away tutorial maps & 5 -10 easy maps to ""learn"" how to play you have like 10-15 maps to play only.6. Lack of strategy, as places to place towers are extremely limited.Conclusion:1. DG 2 feels more like ""map packs"" for DG 1 and should be label as such."
,Recommended,221540,13864320,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,jclaxon,"As great as the first one. If you loved DG, or you're a fan of TD, pick this one up. You won't be disappointed."
76561198025058377,Not Recommended,221540,13865039,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,gauchi,"If you like Tower Defense, this is a great game.BUT:The game is short! After 10 hours, you are through the campaign.... and I did not find anything else. The workshop does not allow you to download any maps. They have a store, where you can buy additional maps ( $2 for a single map????). In fact - does steam allow publishers to have their own stores to sell DLC?Finally, there should be an editor somewhere, but I cannot find it (I assume that it is not included in the mac version).The graphics are really great, but they require significant system ressources, at least in the mac version. If you have lots of towers and lots of aliens on the map, the frame rate goes down to about 1 fps. My computer (late 2013 iMac) is not a true gamer pc, but definitely not low end.Finally, the software quality is awful. The program starts with a (completely superfluous) launcher that crashes at least on every second start attempt. I fixed it by altering the launcher itself, so it starts the game immediately. Nevertheless, if I pay money for a game, I assume that it works without having to click through a mess of ads that actually do not work.In total, although I enjoyed this game, I do not recommend it."
,Recommended,221540,13714367,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rob-P,"Very enjoyable sequel to Defense Grid (DG).  Improvements over the original edition were the incorporation of aspects of the “Command Tower” into the Boost tower.  The Boost tower does add a bit more of nuance then the original edition.  Initial maze creation is less costly with the Boost towers, and careful placement of the Boost tower is still essential in winning the game.   If you’ve played the extended versions of the original DG, you’ll find that you will quickly be able to excel at this version.  While the Orbital Laser was the only choice of off-world help in the original edition, DG2 does a very good job in expanding the options to allow tower boosts, resource (money) boost, and more.  Some levels are well suited to these new options, where the Orbital Laser would have been over-kill or less challenging if used.Well worth the money, and even better if reduced via a Steam sale price :)"
,Recommended,221540,13709601,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Deadulas,"Awesome tower defense game, a very worthy sequel"
76561198067150951,Recommended,221540,13721261,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,robc6,EXcellent
76561198039502125,Not Recommended,221540,13736471,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Old Man Yoshi,"The first edition of Defense Grid was good fun and ran smooth as silk on my mac (purchased at the app store, not steam). So when part 2 came out I was thrilled. However, this game won't run smoothly, in fact it's unplayable, on my Macbook Pro i7.So until they come with a patch or update that fixes this issue, i don't recommend this game."
,Recommended,221540,13737632,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,mercilessming_2000,"Played the beta, enjoyed greatly.  More polished version of original, didn't ever play any of the multiplayer aspects."
,Recommended,221540,13688099,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Ripaille,Best tower defense game ever made :) The AI always talking are kind of boring though.
76561198030599984,Recommended,221540,13894482,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dolni,Very fun game but a tad too easy with default settings. I am about to start exploring the harder settings and different map types.
,Recommended,221540,13882027,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Fat Operator,"A high-quality sequel to the original Defense Grid, with cooperative and versus added. No new turrets, and only a few new enemies, though."
76561198003866721,Not Recommended,221540,14427452,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Zyzany,"Feels like a Hollywood sequel, nothing like the first one the gameplay has been dumbed down. It crashes very often mostly into the later mission. If you enjoyed the first one, stay away from it."
76561197969747315,Recommended,221540,14227943,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,utProgress,"great towerdefence, but should have been way more lvls. completed in a couple hours"
76561198061390687,Recommended,221540,14188159,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,MRDRK1,"Cooler towerers, more challenging maps and tougher aliens than the first Defense Grid.  And there is a more involved and semi-suspensful storyline included that will have you guessing throughout the game."
76561198010563126,Not Recommended,221540,14192237,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,chrispring,big let down.  only 20 levels???
,Recommended,221540,14497550,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Teranin,"Do you like Tower Defense games?Do you want to play one that isn't a custom map for Warcraft 3 or Starcraft 2, but whose individual map gameplay is just as good?Do you want, in addition, a ton of other modes and challenges inside the game to give you a far more versatile framework for replayability than just turning up the difficulty?Do you want leaderboards, so you can measure your stationary pew pew e-peen against the scrubs you call your friends?Then get this."
76561198039671407,Recommended,221540,14054169,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Benjamin,"I find this game highly addictive, the levels are beautiful, it's strategic and I just love it."
76561198009593918,Not Recommended,221540,13641338,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Veevslav,"Bought it for the coop and not quite getting into it. Built for the console and that is where its heart lies.The game play has been slowed down drastically. I realize a mouse is a much faster and more accurate than a controller, but it is a stupid TD.The game is just not satisfying. It is not nearly as good as the first one was."
76561198049361425,Recommended,221540,13950828,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,ROID_RAGE,"A very fun game, but very easy once you've figured out the general strategy. The replay value is pretty low; I have the exact same build order for a lot of the different game modes as I do for the story mode. Only the earlier maps are still particularly difficult because you don't have access to the more powerful towers.That said, I've gotten a lot of good time out of this game. I am still excited to try the multiplayer modes. That might provide the variety this game needs to shine, and in that case, it would have been better off focusing on multiplayer in the beginning. I'll still definitely play DG3 if they ever make one."
,Recommended,221540,13951323,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Altaira,"Well Hidden Path have done it again ! Excellent game guys - thanks to all the programmers and staff who persevered to bring us this awesome Tower Defense Game, Slick Gameplay, Great graphics, Execellent humorous narrative brilliantly voiced. what more can i say very enjoyable -  now.....just one more go...got to complete it this time without losing any cores!Many thanksClinton"
76561198024050400,Not Recommended,221540,12498201,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,iHugTrees ^_^,"My original review was upbeat about DG2... But having played a bit more, I found out that DG2 is not as fun or replayable as DG1.  And the story + voice acting in DG2 is a turn off.The game in un-optimised.  It chews up a lot of memory, and gives low framerate.  Feels the game is rushed out.In summary, as said In the forum, wait until DLC's are released and for bugs to be ironed out, before buying DG2.(If you want solid gameplay, try Creeper World 3.  Bug-free for me and very very good gameplay, tense sometimes)"
76561198026516901,Recommended,221540,13940983,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,nr3,Great game. Same as the fist one but with more options for the game. What i miss is more maps with bigger opportunities of creating larg mazes.
76561197998164472,Recommended,221540,13945454,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Evil Dinner Fork,"Decent enough TD series if on sale. It doesn't have the depth of many Flash TD games such as Kingdom Rush, but it is a pure TD experience, unlike Sanctum 2, Orcs Must Die or Dungeon Defenders, all of which force you to spend all your time shooting instead of strategizing or simply enjoying watching your traps slaughter mobs."
,Recommended,221540,13993506,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Ferroflu,If you like Tower Defense games this is one of the good ones!
76561198024929323,Not Recommended,221540,14000004,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,風球Ben,"its ok, not as good as the original. I find that the removal of the bank interest mechanism takes away much of the challenge."
76561197983198265,Recommended,221540,12444066,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,muddpuddle,"Defense Grid 2Pros:  Defense Grid 2.  More awesome tower defense goodness.Cons:  Wish I'd know about the Level Editor / Steam Workshop BS before purchasing.  You have to pay $2 per map through the DG2 shop - maps created by your fellow gamers.  Sure, the maps are listed on the workshop but you cannot download them.  You are expected to rate them based on screenshots and high ratings will get the maps into the DG2 store...Seems a bit ridiculous.Do NOT purchase at the full price if you are doing so based on the Level Editor / Steam Workshop.Edit:I have to say, since discovering the Steam Workshop BS, my enthusiasm for the game has declined to the point of simply not existing.  As I sit here now, thinking about playing some Defense Grid, I feel the first calling to me, not #2.  I haven't even beat all the maps and don't feel inclined to do so.Its not horrible or even bad...Just not great.7/10"
76561197995066163,Recommended,221540,13913740,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Criss,.
,Recommended,221540,13915722,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Duma Key,"A competitive, complex, nerve-racking and absolutely brilliant game.This game already took more hours of life than I wished to have spent, but it was worth it.People who appreciate a good tower defense game, who love a challenge and have the rest of the week off will just love this game.Don´t play it if you require a deep story line, exciting cutscenes or good voice acting."
,Recommended,221540,13907236,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,ZenMuso,One of the best tower defense games around with a multitude of options and re-playability
,Recommended,221540,13931126,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Morzo,One of the best tower defense games I've played
76561198069147438,Recommended,221540,13622081,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BERKSHiREBoB,"Superb Tower Defense. Excellent gameplay and a likable story with good voice acting. I would recommend this to anyone interested in the genre, GO BUY IT! Even if its not on sale its worth whatever they are asking for it."
76561198097441518,Recommended,221540,13623451,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,hooton5980,Great Game
,Not Recommended,221540,13624619,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,KapperZ,MAC Version:Performance is absolute garbage even on the lowest settings and lowest res the game jumps around like stupid which makes no sense considering that it really isn't an intensive game at all an my Mac can run things like CIV just fine really don't know what I am supposed to do.
76561197978352487,Recommended,221540,13647085,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SirSengir,"If you liked DG1, you'll like this one. Highly Recommended."
76561197968143380,Recommended,221540,13461698,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,-MegaDeath-,Excellent..loved the first one. Way better graphics and new base towers make for better strategic game play
76561198025120297,Recommended,221540,14170656,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,hlorange,Brilliant tower defense game.
,Not Recommended,221540,14200163,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,WireBug,"Dont get me wrong... I enjoyed the game.For the cost, it should have been longer, or had more content. The gameplay is solid TD gameplay....Overall a good game, but not worth the price tag... sorry. If you can get it cheap on sale, then do so."
76561197962348263,Recommended,221540,14349594,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,markypoos,18 hours to complete the 20 story missions.  Quite enjoyable.  100 wave walker grind not so much.
76561197994939250,Recommended,221540,14345702,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,wts,"More of the best tower defense action on Steam.  REally a no brainer if you liked the first one,"
76561198030110268,Recommended,221540,14768053,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,TheCiderman,"good, straight up, tower defence"
76561198128905506,Recommended,221540,14815474,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Chicklerunner,The first one was great.... so is this one?
76561198004884796,Recommended,221540,14806232,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Puree,Awesome
76561198014982795,Recommended,221540,14707845,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mightiev,"It is a very good game, I like the improvements of the towers and the boos towers. The story line is bad, really bad. It is boring and I had to turn off the dialogs because they were annoying. At some point it gets tedious and basically when you unlock all towers you can go to the end of the game and finish it. There's no real challenge, would be nice to have an endless waves."
,Recommended,221540,14745092,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Firzenizer,Pretty similar to the first DG. Has lots of interesting game modes. Levels get very challenging with the harder difficulties. Lots of tower defense hours. Even better than the first one.
,Recommended,221540,14838120,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,JRSVaultBoy1974,"The story is horrible, don't play it for the story.  It's tower defense ... just stop the aliens from stealing cores and escaping.  It's also a bit too easy.  To get the most out of the game I recommend trying on harder difficulty.I like the game, though.  It's one of the best made TD games out there."
76561197971930373,Recommended,221540,12647421,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,[OSB]Trebek,"edit: It turns out the multiplayer desynch bug is from playing the game in windowed mode.  Turn off windowed and it should run fine.  Changed review from don't recommend to do recommend.I want to like this game but the multiplayer is so buggy I can't.I spent the better part of an evening trying to play this game with a friend, and we were only able to get two games to play to completion out of 12+ attempts.  The other 10 attempts resulted in 'Network problem, disconnected' within the first 5 minutes of the game.During this whole ordeal we were talking on skype and there was no call quality problem or anything else to indicate there was any sort of real connection problem.  It seems that DG2 just has an inept network implementation that panics if a single packet is lost or arrives out of order."
,Recommended,221540,14901241,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Pirateguybrush,"Had a lot of fun here.  Interesting map designs, a reasonably engaging story (unexpected for a TD game), and satisfying gameplay.I did feel the balance of some of the towers made it too easy to spam, and I would have liked to see a few more complicated maps that allowed for more creativity in the pathing, as even on the hardest difficulty I only got stuck a few times.  But overall, I enjoyed my time with this one.  Worth picking up, even if you're not that into tower defence."
76561197996214902,Recommended,221540,15010255,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,POTCG,"As good as Defense Grid 1. Maybe better. This game is polished. This is not some knock-off mobile platform tower defense game. It plays very fast and looks great, on my Win 7 PC. Offers tremendous replay value with many modes of play. Highly addictive and highly competitive. Great game!"
,Recommended,221540,14923061,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,mastercylinder,"Just as addictive as the original. A simple tower defense. Hard in some ways, but a nice game.9/10 Does what it says on the box."
76561198174177073,Recommended,221540,14951234,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,ed,"Looks like they've fixed a lot of the issues on Mac, it's a much better game now, now I wish DG2 had flying aliens like the first game.  But overall, so much better, thanks for the update."
,Recommended,221540,13294379,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Blänk,Exactly what I wanted it to be and worth every penny at the sale price. My only complaint is I wish it had more levels!
,Recommended,221540,16410822,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,I'm2cool4u #TeamToaster,General Fletcher's voice made me climax.Again.10/10.
,Recommended,221540,16346772,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MD32,"great game, simular to the first DG... as expected better graphics and new game modes... worth £5 of anyones money"
76561197999978559,Recommended,221540,14893144,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,stubdaddy,Just as good as the original. It does not disappoint.
76561198036142978,Recommended,221540,14764350,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Bonticune,"For those of you who have played this game, this game will look very familiar, which is good! The basic concept is the same; there is a path that you place towers along in order to shoot down the aliens that walk along it to steal your cores. This raises several questions. Why is that an alien alliance comprised of several different races are so technilogically advanced they managed to push humanity to the brink of extinction, and yet are so stupid they walk in a path with no attempt to change things up and even though hundreds of their kind were killed before them, none of them bother to bring a weapon to shoot down a tower. After playing this game for a few hours I grow concerned for these poor aliens. Maybe it is I who is pushing them to the brink of extinction...Anyway, this game is much like the original, but with enough new content to make the game interesting. Each tower has a special affect you can add on before the mission, and I believe you can choose from multiple for each one. You have to unlock them, so to start with you won't have any. For example, the basic gun tower can have the priority target mod added to it, which will make it shoot at the strongest enemy in range rather than its seemingly random choices. These little mods can affect the game a bit, and It's a fun bit of customization. In addition to that you can choose a leader's ability, such as an orbital laser that'll kill about anything in range or an extra resource drop. Each ability takes 5 minutes to cool down. It's no game changer, but it's a little thing that can help if you remember to use it.I only have two complaints. For one, there is no endless wave match available as far as I can tell, which seems like it could be easily accomplished and would be a lot of fun to play. After someone becomes good enough the grinder waves get boring and you just want to see how far you can make it. Also, if you put the game into fast forward mode after a few seconds the towers will start spinning around and stop shooting at enemies, so only use fast forward when no enemies are in range. It sucks, and I hope the developers fix the problem.Overall, the game is enjoyable, and for its price a great buy. There's even multiplayer now, which I've yet to try."
,Recommended,221540,14553598,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Wahlaitoi,dis game good to kill time. better than gta5.
,Recommended,221540,13307926,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,yourjaguarlover,"Pretty much the ultimate down-the-line Tower Defense game. Great flexibility and choice. On the face of it, seemed less challenging and technical than origiual DG but once you realise just how many options you can employ, the game's nearly unlimited. Good, modern and smooth graphics. Great sound. Slightly ironic story and voice acting but, y'know. And multiplayer with decent options too! You have to buy, especially on sale if you like this genre. Also good for 'mouse only' lazy evenings! One word of warning, if you have a recent high-end GPU make sure to enable v-sync or another frame limiter - this baby will run at over 200FPS at times, in my case nearly casuing a CPU overheat (and GPU at 95% utilisation.) Great!"
76561197971502965,Recommended,221540,13588726,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Washp,"If you liked the first game, you will probably like this. There are a few new things, but nothing game-changing.DG2 is a solid, polished TD. To me, DG1 was the best TD I've played, and DG2 is as good if not better than DG1 so..."
76561197994288974,Recommended,221540,12207915,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,namtob97,"So far it's excellent.  Worth playing for sure.  Now,  it's the 23rd of Sept.  Where's the rest of my game? It hasn't updated yet from the pre-order!ok, now to review the game. You have to strategically place towers on a grid to kill aliens. Kill them, or they will take your power cores.  You place towers where you want, and you can upgrade them 3 times. If you don't like a tower, or where you placed it, you can sell it and put up a new one.   Great sound and video make this a very good game."
,Recommended,221540,12208219,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,[B.F.C]pepsey,"Sweet, co-op tower defense. I like."
,Recommended,221540,12209277,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,r3d zombie,better than its predecessor in every way. smashing little game
76561198067777039,Recommended,221540,12209799,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Selareth Magnetar,"So we are back once again in a world of towers, aliens and cheesy one liners. Welcome to Defense Grid 2.So I've racked up 11 hours so far and thought I'd leave a reveiw.The first game clocked up so many of my hours on steam and xbox (yes I bought it twice) due to the addictive nature of trying to get all of those gold medals. DG2 carries on with this in that you have 20 main story missions and tonnes of challenges to conquer afterwards. The core concepts are still the same, so if you were a fan of the original then this is worthy of your cash.While the games share many similarities, it has a few differences like;*Several levels can be altered via your command tower so you can adapt to certain situations*End of level drops that can slighty change tower functions eg. slpash damage, target strongest enemy*Multiple AI characters which change the function of the orbital laser eg. extra resources, temporal blast*No flyers :(*Multiplayer and coopI found the campaign to be quite a bit easier than DG1, though a lot harder than Containment. I found that due to the lack of flying enemies you are able to concentrate more on the ground assault. Hopefully we may see a return with some DLC. The game itself feels good and the graphics are improved, and the dialog will often have you shaking your head yet you will still have a smile on your face.This is a worthy purchase for younger members as the concept is easy to pick up, and also for the completionist who must have EVERY GOLD ON THE HARDEST DIFFICULTY EVER! You will also receive DG Architect where you can create your own levels for the Steam Workshop, however this is'nt as simple as you would find on the likes of Cubemen 2. There are already a dozen maps on there now and some look really impressive, so hopefully we will see a lot more on there soon.Overall a very good game and well worth the dosh.8.7/10Now if you will excuse me there is a Super Grinder that requires my attention."
76561197971587217,Recommended,221540,25685582,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,RazorBlaid,A great game for some easy going gaming and if you want to make it more you can.  Well done Game!
,Recommended,221540,25357678,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Loot Addict,"Hands down one of the best tower defense games ive ever played.  Thank you guys for producing this, and i hope to see a third rendition."
,Recommended,221540,25284064,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is a great follow up to Defense Grid: The Awakening - a slight adjustment to towers (for the better), different commnders with unique abilities, more options for fortifiying and strategising in each round and what I consider to be a much more interesting and developed story. I enjoyed DG:TA but if I recommend this one out of the two, I reckon you'll get a lot more out of it. There is multiplayer, too, if you're into that and there's a lot of content to work your way thriugh and a horde of achievements (if that's also your thing). All-round great game! *****"
76561197966823216,Not Recommended,221540,26174872,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,TheDarkOne,Love this game (but DG1 is better) except it crashes every other time i try to go back to a check point and I get an error when i try to submit the bug report
76561197971885160,Recommended,221540,26538365,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,chewy119,"I loved the original Defense Grid (DG1), spending well over 100 hours in that game.  While not as enjoyable as the first game, I do recommend Defense Grid 2 (DG2).One of the strangest decisions for DG2 was an attempt to create more of a ""story.""  The story in DG1 was basically non-existent: Aliens want the cores, kill the aliens.  However, when I played DG1, I never felt that there was a need for more story (is there need for a story in a tower defense game?).  The developers added additional AI characters for DG2, most of which are really annoying, and I think, detract from the quality of the game.I also prefer the scoring system in DG1 over DG2.  In DG1, you got a slight trickle of resources automatically, which increased with the more overall resources you had.  For every alien you killed you gained more resources, and killing them inside of a command tower netted you additional resources.  There was a definite strategy to this scoring system.  Do I upgrade this tower now, or do I hold off so I can gain more ""interest?""  DG2 simply gives you a steady amount of resources, regardless of killing the aliens.  This definitely removes a great deal of tension from the gameplay.With these complaints aside, I still think this is a solid game that is worth your time.  If you liked DG1, you will probably like DG2.  I would give it a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,221540,28550862,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,agriba,"As the name may imply, this is purely a tower defense game.  You build towers to stop things reaching the end of a maze.This game is... alright.  Thats the most I can say.  The gameplay is average.  The difficulty is average.  The production value is exceptional.As a fan of the genre, this was a fun, if not unimpressive game.  The most impressive aspect is the overall astetic work aside from the gameplay; however, that is worth jack all.  It has a story but who cares? It isn't engaging.  The graphics are shiny but eh.Despite what may seem like a lack luster review, I honestly can't bring myself to vote against this game.  It is standard fare, but it is unoffensive standard fare.  This is a game that you don't really get board with but you aren't exactly excited to boot it up either.What does that mean?  If you like tower defense games and you really need one to play, absolutely go for it.  If you are new to your genre?  There are better.  If you dislike the genre, this certainly isn't a game to change your mind.It's a tepid reccomendation."
76561198342723593,Recommended,221540,28266749,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,marie_loretta,The best of the best tower defense : very very beautifull and addictive game and more !!!
76561197970429234,Recommended,221540,28196794,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ProdigY,"Best tower defense game I've played yet, and equally fun co-op"
,Recommended,221540,13481286,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Qix,"Expanding on the game mechanics of the excellentDefense Grid, DG2 introduces boost towers which can function as inert blocks to channel the enemies, or enable upgrades to towers built on top. There are also multiple space weapons now. In play, you are awarded enhancements to the basic tower ammunition, which show up at the end of a round, and which you can use from then on. There's also the command shuttle, which lets you see heat maps of where your fire is concentrated and gives you the ability to raise hidden terrain. One thing that has been removed is command towers, which I used to like in DG1.I have no problem recommending DG2. It is one of my favourite games of all time. I hope there is DLC and even DG3 in the pipeline. I just wish there were currently more official maps."
,Recommended,221540,17749470,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Digikomori,"Watered down version of the original... not as pretty, not as challenging, not as many maps. Still... it's a sold defense game, and the price was right."
76561197974214451,Recommended,221540,24376011,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,HeadHumper,"Not the most complicated TD ever, but its entertaining enough. Decent selection of towers and mazing options for most of the levels."
,Recommended,221540,24378009,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,☜✪☞ Franna ︻芫═──,"One of the best tower defence games I have ever played. DG1, DG2 and Radiant Defense - those are my top 3 TD games."
,Recommended,221540,23560296,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Molotov Slacker,I was disappointed in this game but it's worth playing.
76561198013506964,Recommended,221540,24303774,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Grey,"Good tower defence game, but do not buy this game for co-op. If you play in co-op then you cannot fast forward the game. This means the game is really slow. In solo this game is great. There is a good variety of levels and towers."
76561198007565171,Recommended,221540,24184546,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Artemis,fun for alot of hours.
76561197996688179,Recommended,221540,20818901,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Rumblestrip,"Of course I loved the first game.  Everything is improved.  More detailed graphics, great audio effects and fun voice acting.  One of those late night games where you can click your mouse with your eyes crossed with a little drool oozing between your smiling lips  :-p"
,Recommended,221540,21747804,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,ikey1555,<3
76561198019730919,Recommended,221540,20014623,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Kangourou,As good as DG1 IMO.
76561197981330794,Not Recommended,221540,20020902,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Phycoweirdo,"Feels like a cash grap, riding on the tails of the original. I get wanting to make money, but score bonus upgrade? basically mandatory boost towers? Look at the original game play, and do that. This is far more clunky, I felt like I wasted my time playing the first hour. In that amount of time, the sotry failed to make any sense 3 times as well. Thanks for ruining all of the potential of the first. I really hope they remake this in the spirit fo the original, I'm suprised that they don't have some play to win cash/crap store at this point. -10/10 will tell everyone not to waste thier time even looking up this game, let alone playing it. For Shame."
,Not Recommended,221540,19972563,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,heartnewts,Nowhere near as good as the original and it feels like the kind of towers I place don't really make a difference...
76561197988291524,Recommended,221540,19848588,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,isoverity,"Defense Grid 2 is like the average season after you win the Super Bowl. The prior Defense Grid was special and I played for hours. The graphics, voice acting, game elements were just right. Defense Grid 2 tried to fix something that wasn't broke. They say a camel is ""a horse designed by comittee"" and thats how this game feels. The sum isn't greater than the parts like first DG game. The acting is over the top. Game elements have been dummed down and made less interesting. The GUI is overcooked, The towers are more clunky and the resource management skill isn't there. I put 500 hrs into early DG. I never would have done that with this game. For the cost its still worth a buy and fun to play. I think the devs deserve another shot to bounce back"
,Recommended,221540,19847659,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Olly,I'd recomend it
76561197970929179,Recommended,221540,21180629,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Brjyndrrwuulf,"Excellent 500 % , one of the best , if not the best tower defense title I've played , that includes Defense Grid 1 and it's expansions apart from Death Trap also a very good title , having Steam Workshop involved in Defense Grid 2 is an excellent idea that keeps the fans happy and gives the Developers some ideas of what direction to take Defense Grid in the future .My favourate lvls are  from Defense Grid 1 / RESURGENCE : Service Interuption & Killzone / BORDERLANDS : Entanglement"
,Recommended,221540,16839975,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,™sp◕.◕,"very funny, 10h"
76561198119200956,Recommended,221540,30717526,Posted: 24 March,all,XXAztecMDestroyerXX,Better gameplay than first one
76561197961768940,Not Recommended,221540,21012794,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,The Bad guy,DG1 Yes.DG2 No please No.... i want my money back
,Recommended,221540,21270251,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Makoo,"More and improved on the original with more story.Not all that much to say, it's also more ballanced."
,Recommended,221540,20946757,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Syrsly,"The original was more entertaining to me, but this one is pretty good, anyway.  I recommend it to tower defense junkies because... well, we simply can't have enough of this genre, can we?  That said, DG2 is a game I recommend only at a deep discount.  It won't offer much difficulty and may be a little too slow-paced for tower defense veterans.  It has unique features, like the tower booster platforms, and the voiced dialogue is nice the first time through.  I wish the game gave you the option to turn the dialogue off for repeat sessions."
76561198009510833,Recommended,221540,21105289,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,fritillary,"DG1 and 2 are fantastic tower defense scenarios! What I like most is the many ways you can play each scenario which forces you to adapt your strategy. DG2 even tracks your personal best score from minute to minute which challenges you to not just win the scenario but best your last effort.Come on DG make a third sequel/expansion ! With all these positive reviews, how can you lose?"
76561198267447525,Recommended,221540,21841835,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,pwcarter318,reactor 7 map is way to easy
,Recommended,221540,17330608,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,KETA,"Honestly, if you liked DG1 then you'll like DG2. I don't mind that little is different apart from graphics buff. Personally I really love it. It's just a relaxing game to play. I have just played it through twice, the second time trying to beat my score from first time round. Tremendous fun, trying new tactics out. I also like the shuttle grid enhancements - click on it and you'll see what I mean. Story? Meh, who cares? I just turned the voice sound off.If you like insane firepower tower defence at its best, play it, it's fun. That's all I ask from a game."
,Not Recommended,221540,17806881,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,BagofDoom.PedEgg,Bought this for my boyfriend because it has multiplayer and works on linux..... Except it doesn't work on linux......Pretty disapointed.
76561198021226900,Recommended,221540,17768946,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Smokezilla1,"I absolutely loved the original DG and spent waaaa-aaaay too much time playing it as I'm a tower defense junkie.  I held off on purchasing this one for quite a while and honestly didn't expect DG2 to be anything more than just a rehash of DG1.  I caught a deal on this title and I do have to say that I like some of the options that they added to this one from the last.  The ability to add abilities to your towers and pick what abilities your Commander has going into each mission is a nice tweak to an awesome title.  These things, along with some improved graphics, added just enough for me to make this game well worth the price I paid for it.  Nice game especially if you get it at the right price."
76561197960555319,Recommended,221540,17790535,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Chex[G],Awesome tower defense game. Great to play with friends on coop!
,Recommended,221540,17817797,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,vanquishedlight,"good tower defence game. one of my personal favs. though there is some things i wish were like the 1st one, like getting credits from each kill instead of every second getting 10 points. but still not a game breaker.  if your into tower defence games that are not too hard, i sugest giving this one a try.works great on windows 10 64bit9/10"
,Recommended,221540,17815049,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,xxToranachxx,"I only have about an hour on this game but...  I can tell you that so far it's very enjoyable.  I play it casually and imo this title is perfect for my playstyle as well as competitive play.  A really fun and cheap game, give it a try.  I will update this when I have more time into it."
76561198033387908,Recommended,221540,17811772,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,frontlinefallguy,Sci-fi towerdefence. Gladous. A simple recipe that makes for some nice cookies:)
,Recommended,221540,17802779,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,leggo,Really fun game...and i kinda got hooked on the storyline it made me want to play none stop to find out what had happened.....over all i really enjoyed it.
76561198007366958,Recommended,221540,12205655,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,WAW Kommisar,"First game I've purchased at full price in YEARS where I felt I got my money's worth... and I've only been playing just over an hour.  They took a great game (DG1), kept everything I loved about that game, refined it, improved upon it, all without falling into the sequel trap I find in so many games.  You know, where the ""update"" or alter things just to make it new.Hidden Path, you have earned my money.  Thanks."
76561198031190695,Recommended,221540,12200276,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mav99700,Loved DG1!I am sure I am going to love DG2 as well!I know this because I have already gotten the 'talk' about spending too much time on it!!!GO DG2!!
,Recommended,221540,12312667,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,HugJug,"A must have for ""Tower Defence Fans!"" ™pros:- Story/ Campaign- Great voice acting- Awesome towers- Clever Level design- No Elvescons:- No Orcs- No Spiky Towers"
,Recommended,221540,11299090,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,FatherMadman,"Awesome game and awesome update from the original game. If you like tower defense style games you will love this one. Game play and graphics are nice. Only been able to play a few rounds of it so far, but I'm hooked.Give it a shot!"
76561197993590735,Recommended,221540,11306342,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Real,"It is still in beta, but is something I would recommend for any interested in such a genre. The price tag is a bit steep at the time, however you will find the narration to be a rather fun addition to the game as well as a difficult tower defense."
76561197999239911,Not Recommended,221540,12633624,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,neilmulholland,Not many levels for the money
,Recommended,221540,12662068,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,SquirrelsOfWar,"Defence Grid 2 builds upon the surprise hit of the original with a miriad of new and welcome features. The original revived the Tower Defence genre and also allowed it to take the leap from free flash game over to a full retail release. That was not unwarrented, it oozed charm in it's voice acting and visual simplicity. Thankfully the voice acting is back and indeed expanded with a cast including that Bioware favourite Jennifer Hale and Firefly alum Alan Tudyk, both of which are exactly as excellent as you would expect!In the natural expansion that comes with being a sequel there appears to have been a good deal of confusion. Menus are mindbogglingly unintuitive to cycle though, it brings back awful memory of the dashboard that shipped with the Xbox 360 on launch (trust me, it doesn't hold up). There's plenty of game modes that seem well designed and add lots of life to the intrepid builder, but they are quite hard to track in the interface. I think my biggest complaint is that somehow it has done the impossible and has had a visual downgrade between itterations.After a few rounds you get used to the clunkier visuals and settle into the varied and polished gameplay. There's some great length to the campain, expanded by the dozens of variations and challenges per mission, it really does give you some wondeful value if you want to even complete 1/5 of the modes available.In summary, while on the surface making something as simple as tower defence work on a larger scale may seem easy, DG2 finds a few of the faults that have defeated some of it's competition but it still exhudes the charm and polished gameplay that made DG1 such a runaway hit. If you want more Defence Grid, here it is!"
,Recommended,221540,19960259,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,John Wick,"I'm really stubborn when it comes to games... actually I'm really stubborn in general, so I was quite skpetical about playing something other than FPS, but having enjoying tower defense games on mobile, I figured I'd give it a shot. Boy am I pleased I did! This is one of the best and most addictive games I have and I can easily picture myself playing 100+ hours.It's a shame more people don't play this as I'd love to have a go at some multiplayer action!"
,Recommended,221540,20106246,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,QuakeBert,Great tower defense game.
76561197991602575,Recommended,221540,20103321,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Crabby_Bastard,"I've played through this game on Steam, XB1 and PS4 and I feel like playing it again, so yeah, you could say I recommend it. :)"
76561198025991229,Recommended,221540,20056222,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,"[REDi]1R 2LT Pol Tuurd [A,D,ds]","just a dam good game , especially the coop  see if you can beat my scores (unlikely);-]"
76561198061672886,Not Recommended,221540,24830799,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Bazzek,"Hard to control especially if you get a sore wrist from mousing. Intelligent and good looking, but due to controls harder then it should be. Can't recommend or suggest to avoid.If you have a controller it may be worth it."
76561198030776372,Not Recommended,221540,24816853,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SeafanSE,"It's OK, but the first one is better.Also, they gone greedy on maps (no community maps, you have to vote on maps in the workshop based on screenshots and then they might come up in the shop for a price). Only buy if dirt cheap (~$5)."
76561198098730482,Recommended,221540,24652444,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,alkali.lake,"After 40+ hours and finishing the story/challenge mode I feel confident in reviewing the second installment of defense grid.Basically, if you've played the first one, this feels at first like 'just more of the same' but after a while you'll notice some big differences.Differences to the first one:+ the Boost tower type, an easy and cheap way to block the enemies path+ Towers can not only be leveled, but also enhanced with certain abilities if they've been built on a Boost+ the concussion tower can finally be really awesome+ random abilities that enhance towers additionally for instance: liquid fire for the flame tower=burns enemies for an additional time after they've left the tower's range+ the gun tower is no longer massively overpowered, in the first one you could win almost any level with only gun towers leveled to the max, in this one just gun towers don't cut it in most levels. Even though I'll miss my favorite super-power-tower it does make for a more exciting gameplay+ the missle tower can shoot enemies on the ground (makes sense they changed this since...)~ no more flying enemies, I've certainly hated them in the first one and defending against them was a real ♥♥♥♥♥, but they also made certain levels more challening and a victory so much sweeter once you'd finally figured out how to set up the towers- a variety of different scoring types, I still haven't figured all of them out yet, since the description is somewhat lacking- leaderboard is both easier and harder to navigate, I have no idea how they managed to do that, but it is~ command shuttle that does things, yeah things, don't know what kind of things, since I haven't used it yet, but after 30hours I finally noticed you can click on it (ETA: after 60+ I've decided to try the command shuttle, an apparently you can move selected platforms with it, nice gimmick)~ after a while all the random abilities that unlock for your towers put you in a position where it's pretty easy to win almost any level if you have a basic understanding of how TD games work- no more command towers, instead you can use Boost towers to achieve some of the same effects, I'll miss the command tower ;(- the story seems weaker and way more crowded with different characters than the first one, since most don't play a TD for the story, this should not be a criteria to not buy the game for anyone anyway=> I'd recommend this game to anyone who has played the first one and still can't get enough of the TD genre=> If you're new to the TD genre and are looking for a game to play, go buy the first one instead and then come back and get the second one if you're still into itOverall it's a good game, unfortunately just not as good as the first one.7.5 / 10"
76561198031917743,Recommended,221540,24721556,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,tcwicks,One of the best tower defense game ever of all time. Significant replay ability etc... I love this game.
,Recommended,221540,28250738,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,HopelessDecoy,"Probably one of the best TD games I've played in a while. It has mazing, a good variety of towers, a shockingly amazing voice acting cast, and many game modes including multiplayer. If your a TD fan this is a worth while addition to your library for a great price $15, most developers would charge $25-30 for this level of content!Did I mention it has a pretty high level map development tool? Free of charge? Oh yeah it has that so enjoy your own generated content or others!"
76561198082477908,Recommended,221540,28342521,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Alisder,"Great fun to play, just like the first one. Highly reccomend"
,Recommended,221540,27331831,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Scottish Pickle,Not as good as the first.
76561197975930494,Recommended,221540,26678557,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,rcbcarm987,"Best Tower Defense Game I've ever played, and easily the game I've played the most in the last three years.  It is so good that I'm playing through the campaign again for a second time instead of playing all the new games I've purchased.  Challenging, beautiful, and some of the best voice acting you'll ever hear in a game.  I'm here trying to find user-created boards, and like others, I'm finding they are not allowed -- but this is not enough to drop the overall score by a half-star.  Can't wait for DG3!"
,Recommended,221540,27106848,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,John_Doh,Top Tower Defense Game
,Recommended,221540,29016905,Posted: 4 January,all,ikeboy,"9/10Sequel to the best tower defense game ever made.ProsMore tower upgradesMore multiplayer modes, two player coop and versus.ConsNeeds a server browser so you dont have to wait for matchmaking"
76561198025915804,Recommended,221540,31951979,Posted: 25 May,all,Huzzbutt,"Allright game, not even remotely as good as the first one but still ways ahead of most."
76561198138908930,Recommended,221540,12516532,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,OCD™,"DEFENSE GRID 2 IS BY FAR THE BEST TOWER DEFENSE GAME EVER MADE, IN EVERY ASPECT!BUY IT, PLAY IT, YOU'LL LOVE IT!For those who haven't found it yet there are hundreds of FREE DLC community maps herehttp://www.dg2freemaps.com/category/forever-free-maps/• Note you will need level 5 weapon upgrades to get Gold on most maps as the volume of Aliens is ten fold :)"
76561197963198313,Recommended,221540,31678652,Posted: 11 May,all,embro,Awesome game!
,Recommended,221540,32187447,Posted: 4 June,all,Emperor Elderis,"Great game, good time killer. Bought it with a coupon just for cards and achievements, but quickly frew fond of it. I highly would suggest this game, even for full price. Hoping for a DG3, and planning to buy the first game and all DLC."
76561198013144150,Recommended,221540,30173019,Posted: 25 February,all,azmandar,This is a good Tower Defense game and I think the first one is still one of the best of them.  This version is good with lots of options and custimizations but for some reason I feel it's lacking something that the first one had.   I still think this  version is good and worth playing (especially for $15) but if you have not tried any of them yet I recomend the first one first (bedised it helps with this ones story).
,Recommended,221540,29235031,Posted: 13 January,all,bullpup ツ,"I actually preferred the first one, but this was pretty good as well."
76561197972702541,Recommended,221540,29411381,Posted: 21 January,all,Quellor,Fun. Recommended if you like tower defense strategy gaming. Back story and music keep things entertaining.
,Recommended,221540,29321147,Posted: 17 January,all,Vanon,"There are already plenty of brilliant reviews for this game. I just want to add a very simple ""thumbs up"" and recommendation here as well. One of the most entertaining games in the genre (tower defense). Exceptional attention to detail! Plenty of weapons, thanks to many tower upgrades and mods, and a variety of special weapons. Well-written and humorous campaign and dialogue. Fantastic mechanics and controls, and great controller support. Graphics and design are fine, but could use improvement (perhaps engine limitations). DG2 may just beat the original! My rating for DEFENSE GRID 2: 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,221540,29287480,Posted: 15 January,all,TheBlakDrag0n,I didn't realize that I enjoyed games of the tower defense genre until I tried Defense Grid 2.  I've tried other similar games since buying this one but I think I still enjoy this one the most because it also includes a pretty detailed story.  I went and found Defence Grid (1) as well and it was also quite enjoyable.
76561198007405871,Recommended,221540,29307970,Posted: 16 January,all,Kethra,For me this was just as much fun to play as the first one.  The variety of tower options and multiplayer modes were nice additions.
76561197970951366,Recommended,221540,29706914,Posted: 4 February,all,corth,My favorite tower defense game!  All the extra challenge modes give tons of play variation even after you have beat the main campaign.
76561197970560363,Recommended,221540,29639706,Posted: 1 February,all,gameplayer13905,"I've put 12 hours into Defense Grid: The Awakening and bought a bunch of DLC and then downloaded the DG2 demo and then bought Defense Grid 2. Both games are a blast to play over and over. I also like that both have free demos you can play before buying. Demos used to be common but not as much lately. These are both outstanding games and well worth the asking price. Ignore the bad reviews. As Taylor Swift says, ""Haters gonna hate!"""
,Recommended,221540,31328301,Posted: 23 April,all,Bud,"Honestly, this is a great relaxer when you are completely upset with driving and how traffic was."
76561197964719134,Recommended,221540,33594467,Posted: 16 July,all,Newbie101,"Defense Grid 2 is a worthy successor to Defense Grid.  The updated graphics are nice but its bread and butter is the new challenges and stategies created by the new towers, enemies and maps.  The new game modes create a lot of replay value too.  I recommend this to anyone who likes strategy games."
,Recommended,221540,34704023,Posted: 2 September,all,Createdvoid,Great game -- The voice acting was over the top and annoying. DG1's voice-acting was on point -- DG2 made me feel like a 3 year old watching teletubbies.
76561198042140258,Recommended,221540,35515110,Posted: 6 October,all,Gemini,"PROS: Great variety of maps, tower modifications and enemy types, decent music, plenty of additional challenges, fully featured map editor includedCONS: Steep GPU requirements for a decent framerate with max details, story's kinda gets away from itself from character overload, multiplayer is mehOVERALL: If you love tower defence and don't mind having a story going along with your gameplay, this one's a must-buy! :)"
