user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,221680,7781388,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,VERY fast doggo,"This game is fantastic and is a must-buy if you play guitar. If you don't play guitar and are curious, it's actually good enough that I'd still recommend getting it. It is far and away my favorite music game on the market.Be warned that it's more of a guitar practice tool than a game. But that's exactly what it should be: a practice tool that has just enough game-y design to keep it interesting, but not so much that it gets in the way of practicing. The only linear progression the game has is in the form of ""missions"" along the side of the menus that encourage you to try different things. You can ignore them entirely if you want, but sometimes they are very helpful (especially the ones associated with the Session mode, which teach you bits of relevant music theory). It's a well-designed experience.The interface is very slick and the game has no loading time or lengthy transitions between browsing and playing songs. This is great news because the interface was the main flaw in Rocksmith 1. ""Riff repeater"" phrase rehearsing options are integrated into the pause menu, so you can drop into them on the fly while playing songs.The soundtrack is excellent. It has hits (Knights of Cydonia, Paranoid Android, etc), more obscure music with fun guitar parts, and even a few tracks from small indie bands I have never heard of. The song Stay In by Jaws is one of the indie songs that stuck out to me. And it's very worth it to import Rocksmith 1 songs -- they have had their tabs updated to fix inaccuracies and to use new features in the new game (RS1 DLC songs have be updated as well).The game has a Session mode, where you can load backing instruments, jam, and have them follow along with you. It's alright. It's implemented well and has a ton of options, but I and other friends find it odd that it follows you, rather than maintaining a constant rhythm for you to improv over. Your mileage may vary with it, but it's a welcome addition.There are also a number of Guitarcade mini-games that focus on various guitar techniques. They are a distraction for when you're bored with performing songs, but some of them are pretty amusing. There is even a House of the Dead 2 spoof where you play chords to shoot zombies.I'm an amateur guitarist, but it's thanks to Rocksmith that I've kept up with practicing as frequently as I have. When learning an instrument it's easy to get bored when it turns into a grind and you don't know what music to try. You need some structure. Rocksmith is that structure, and it makes it easy to practice."
,Recommended,221680,8262990,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Eight,Warning:  Richard Connell was wrong.  This is the most dangerous game.I don't play other videogames anymore.  Guitar has eaten my life.  Don't send help.   Buy tickets to my shows instead.
76561198009205423,Recommended,221680,13022161,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,OM Dim,"Rocksmith 2014 is not an ADVANCED system for learning guitar. Nor is a complete system. It doesn't provide much background in music theory, nor does it provide support for reading either music or tabs. However it is a GREAT tool for the beginner. This is because Rocksmith 2014 gets you to play the instrument from the first lesson. And it is fun. It's a LOT of fun. After over a year enjoying it I'm finding a natural limit to its usefulness. But great game and highly recommended for the beginner,"
76561197999388922,Recommended,221680,10713847,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ataricodfish,"This is more than a game for me.  It has become a hobby.  What started as a random purchase for myself last Christmas -- I had an old electric guitar I never played in the closet, so this gave me an excuse to see if I can learn -- has become an expensive obsession for me.  Warning -- but a good warning -- you'll find that you're learning guitar very quickly on this game, and it will become the start of an expensive habit!  I have downloaded hundreds of dollars worth of songs, bought a brand new guitar, I've signed up for music theory and guitar lessons at the local county college ... this has become a genuine hobby for me.  Literally, it is one of those rare games which has genuinely made an impact on my life.  Six months later, and the game has not gotten old.  I look forward to new songs, I laugh when a new chord I've never seen magically appears on the song that I've practiced the hell out and achieved a new difficulty.  The game is, most importantly, fun.  It remains fresh and only gets better as you get better.  I highly recommend."
,Recommended,221680,12197702,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Le French Stallion,"I got this game since Christmas 2013 and let me tell you. THIS GAME IS THE BEST GAME EVER MADE! I didn't even know how to hold a guitar or do a chord. Now I can rock out to my favorite songs from System of a down to Marvin Gaye.If you've never played any guitar and you want to be able to play your favorite songs, this game is for you!Enjoy being a rockstar!"
,Recommended,221680,23274108,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Znoz,"This game is interesting and fun even if you don’t want to learn guitar.Pros:It really teaches you.Informative.You can play it even if you don’t have any experience with guitar.Many lessons.Various mini-games.Riff-repeater (you can repeat part of a song, slow it down, see your mistakes etc.)Session mode - good way to learn scales.Good price.Cons:No music theory lessons (It would be great to have at least beginner level)..RS2014 miss some notes (especially low E string on first frets).Game will count some notes and chords even if you miss them or play wrong (for example palm\fret muting).Song progress freezes - you can play song for 90%+ accuracy/mastery, but some parts of song still stay on “easy level” (To fix this you need start that part in Riff-repeater on 100% and then press “resume song” from ESC.menu.).No global statistics (like those huge graphs of your success etc.)About the game:Half of my life I listened metal\rock\electronic rock music, but I never thought about playing e-guitar, then I saw this game and listened Amon Amarth - As Loke Falls (omg I love that intro - I tried to learn it when I was creating this review, and now I can play it, now I must focus on alternate picking to play all song). RS2014 interested me - you can play and you can learn, this was something new to me. So I bought this game ,cheap guitar and cable to try it.Good interface, interesting modes, various guitar amp\pedal effect settings. There are a lot of DLC’s (official and not) - you can find almost all you want from reggae (which is not represented in game) to game music. Game freezes sometimes (like once in week for me, may be that because of broken unofficial DLC). Overall game is good and worth money.I started with games - simple Nintendo-like games like duck shooting, street racers e.t.c. After like 10 hours of playing I decided that it is time to try some songs - playing with you favourite bands that is something, even hitting 1 string is super fun, I never had so much fun playing games.After like week of “playing” songs I decided that it is time for next step “Lessons”. Rocksmith covers like 80-90% of all you need to know about guitar playing only questions I had\have are about my better posture\picking\sitting\guitar holding methods\thumb position.I played every day for 1 hour minimum. Whole month I played lessons and after I finished all to 80-100% “score” I thought “Now I am ready to Rock \m/!”. RS2014 have very interesting thing - “Session mode” where you can play along selected instruments, learn scales or use metronome. So after I “finished” lesson mode - I launched Session mode to Rock like hell.  I hit strings and instead of epic music heard nothing even close to what normal people call “music” that was random note pickings\bends. “I suck”, “Time to uninstall and die”, “60 day challenge”...So what was wrong with me or is it game? -nothing is wrong here, you can’t play like Slash after 2 months in Rocksmith, sorry. Then where is problem, why I felt so badly? I could play some songs like to 90%, but when I try session - almost nothing (I can play some parts from songs but no improvisation). Main reason for that is - game teach you how to play Guitar, but almost nothing about how to play music. You can learn how to drive a car, but how you will ride if you don’t know any rules? And that was the answer for my suffering - game gives you good start, then you must walk by yourself - and here comes youtube, books, lessons etc. After Rocksmith you will feel more comfortable with guitar, you will understand what that cool guy on youtube says about technique.And I continued to practice, even more every day. I watched many videos on youtube, read forums about techniques (how I hate my boney fingers when I practice bar chords). Next I decided to buy new guitar and amp to practice without RS.2 months after that (5 total in RS) I hear some melodies and clean sound when I play , I still can’t play good improvisation, but I can see progress - from someone who picks string, then looks at monitor and picks next one, to someone who can play some songs to 90-100% and play without RS2014. With all my progress I still think that I suck - and that is normal too, it is called “Learning”. More you play more critical you become to yourself. I still play RS everyday, downloaded many DLC’s - some easy, some hard. With time you will play better, you will see mistakes what you are making (wrong finger placement, wrong hand position) and understand how to fix them - for example now I more and more try to place my fingers correctly and mute strings that aren’t used when I play, month ago I hadn't even thought about it.Worst thing in all this is when I start comparing time wasted on other games and time I played Rocksmith.169h in RS gave me more emotions, skill, progression and joy than all other games with 4000h+ together- so much time wasted.Try Rocksmith, it can change your life.Some thoughts about game:Many people ask same question over and over again: “Meh cool, but can you play without RS? Can? Silly game!”Well there are 2 different things - learning song and playing it. You can read book many times, but you still can’t repeat it word by word - same with songs. It is possible to play without Rocksmith if you Learn a song.Don’t waste your time and go to real teacher.Well that is good advice. I even hear stories, that in our small city we have someone who can teach you for bottle of vodka for 1 lesson (1-2 hours). Some people don’t have money for teachers. And even if you take lessons - Rocksmith can help you learn faster (session mode\or repeater). Plus this game is cheap,and you can buy it on Summer sale.Ubisoft:Only problems I had with game are freezes (only killing process helps) when you start song. And I think because of bad Custom DLC songs. Game runs without lags, no sound delays, easy interface.Real Tone Cable:There are horror stories about how often this cable breaks - I use it every day and it still working without any problems. Also I heard there are cheap alternatives.DLC:Official are made by Ubisoft with all copyrights etc. and are sold for money (you can buy them twice cheaper on Sale). Unofficial DLC’s made by users\players and can be downloaded for fromcustomsforge.com. There are many songs from games - try search: Doom, Morrowind, Skyrim, Darren Korb (Bastion), Mass Effect M4 Part II by Faunts - 8 minute song which will melt your hands :D and many more.Gear:My first guitar was Rocktile Pro ST60-BK (also bought real tone cable).Now I have Epiphone Les Paul Standard (Black), Marshall MG10CF amp, Boss DS-1 pedal.Useful lessons (search on Youtube):Steve Stine,Lessonface,SecretGuitarTeacher, BB King Guitar Lessons.justinguitar.comThank you for reading, I hope that my experience with RS2014 help you make decision to buy it (or not.)."
76561198056812500,Recommended,221680,11933008,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mukatahren,"Let me begin by saying that I am an experienced guitarist, playing for 34 years, and therefore I am unable to provide a beginner's view of this software. If you are a beginner reading this review, please understand that I can't fully appreciate the suitability of this software to your personal needs as a new player. I hope that you will still find my review useful.RS2014 is an interactive songbook which features fully notated guitar and bass arrangements for a great many popular songs, mainly from the past few decades. The base content is diverse, and the DLC includes a wide variety of genres and styles with the abilty to download band or theme packs or individual songs. Many songs have two guitar parts, plus bass. Not all songs have two guitar parts, but you'll find plenty to keep you busy.The way the notation is presented may be difficult to get used to at first, especially if you are used to using TAB up until now, but you will adapt to it and find it quite intuitive. Beginners seem to have little trouble adapting where experienced players may be more....resistant :XRS2014 is the ultimate practice tool, motivating you to pick up the instrument often and therefore practice regularly. There are lesson features and technique guides which cover many aspects of guitar playing, like hammer-ons, slides, harmonics, pull-offs, etc. Some arcade style games are included, using the guitar as the controller. These games are designed to improve your skills and muscle-memory.A session mode includes a band that dynamically plays according to your own playing intensity. This is a useful jamming tool, and good for practicing and learning scales.'Learn A Song' is the main part of Rocksmith, and the notation will be simplified at first, then as you improve it gets harder until you have the whole tune. At the end of each song you will get stats on the percentage of correct notes hit and your longest continuous streak. This is a fun way to learn new songs and you always have something ready to practice, just a few clicks away.With very few acceptions, the songs are the actual recordings by original artists, so you'll be playing along to tracks that sound like they should. Additionally, your guitar tone will sound like the guitar in the recorded version, allowing you to play the song more authentically. This raises the immersion and enjoyment level as well. I don't know if the emulation is perfect, but it is certainly very good.For added motivation you can use the leaderboards, though I don't personally, but many others do and seem to enjoy the challenge very much.You need the Real Tone Cable to use this software. I like RS2014 so much I bought an extra cable. Check online stores. One cable is compatible with all platforms and works with guitar or bass.There are literally thousands of hours of value to be found amongst the core content and the additional songs available as DLC. This is not a game, this is a guitar practice portal. Rocksmith is a digital interface for an interactive guitar tutorial/songbook which encourages you to practice, makes you want to play, helps you hone your techniques, and teaches you songs.Rock on, brothers and sisters.Oh - and Hendrix. So, yeah."
,Recommended,221680,26235844,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jahmmin',"- Uninstall Dota 2, CS:GO, TF2 and Rocket League etc.- Buy Rocksmith (if on sale, dont think - just buy)- Buy a cheap backyard sale electric guitar- Play Rocksmith- Fingers hurt- Play more Rocksmith- Fingers dont hurt anymore, callouses!- Play more Rocksmith- Techniques that were hard become easier, hands still get tired af- Play Rocksmith even more- 99% on 1st song- Play more Rocksmith even more- Become addicted to playing guitar- Play more Rocksmith OR practice without Rocksmith (youtube still exists)- Keep getting better!!- Suddenly playing guitar doesnt seem as hard as it used to!- Remember to practice everyday- AND FINALLY! let your musical journey bring you more happiness than the games you uninstalled above ever did! (maybe not Rocket League <3)"
76561197960873888,Recommended,221680,12471473,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Martin Lawrence,It does not use a plastic guitar with buttons.
,Recommended,221680,16374787,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Tarq,This game will get you laid.
76561197977972477,Recommended,221680,19855473,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Prince Daimao,"I am a guitar Player. I've been playing it for over 15 years. I bought the game out of curiosity, and what can I say? It impressed me.I remember my days learning to play guitar. The basics are crucial. The exercise and motivation are crucial. It is very difficult to do it by yourself. I needed a teacher for over 6 months before I could start searching and learning things on my own.With Rocksmith you have a teacher at your place. Not only have everything you need to learn to play guitar, but it’s also fun for people that already know how to play. People compare this to Guitar Hero, saying it’s like Guitar Hero but with a real guitar. I wouldn’t say that. Guitar Hero it’s an awesome and fun game, but what Guitar Hero can teach you musically ends in maybe a month. I think Guitar Hero can teach you a little bit of rhythm, but that’s it.The only issue you might have is that you need the cable to play it. Also, it does not support a lot of Audio Cards, so if you have a good Card installed, you will have to switch it to the one that came with your motherboard or so. That is my only complaint. I have a Monster Cable with a M-Audio interface, and I need to use the cable they give me. I don’t buy the whole “it’s to protect us from piracy crap”… but oh well.Buy the game if you want to learn to play guitar or just have fun"
,Recommended,221680,28493016,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,IvanTheMildlyPleasant,Play the world's easiest arcade games on the world's most difficult game controller. 11/10
,Recommended,221680,9087521,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Heavy Viper,"Rocksmith is a brilliant package. It's essentially a self-contained training program. The main component is an automatic tab player that lets you play along to album versions of songs. The self-adjusting diffuculty is key here - if you're playing well, the game scales up the complexity of the tabs to match, eventually having you play the song for real, chords and all. The majority of the songs come with seperate lead guitar, rhythm guitar and bass guitar tracks, so you don't have to stop at learning just one part of a whole song.The game also comes with a collection of arcade-style games designed to help you develop muscle memory, teach you chord names, fretting, scales, bends, harmonics - the works. There's also a dedicated lesson section to help you learn the basics of guitar playing and maintenance. Another interesting feature is ""Session Mode."" Here, the game lets you set up a virtual band that plays along with you. You play hard and fast, so do they. Play softer, they slow down too. It essentially gives you a crash course on how songs flow and gives you a free environment to get creative with your playing.Now, the bad news: while it IS good, Rocksmith is not going to magically turn you into some kind of Hendrix-Slash-Dylan-Malmsteen-hybrid guitar beast. Think of it as a tool, not a magic potion. If you want to learn guitar, and you're serious about it, Rocksmith will definitely help. In the end, though, it comes down to you.Basically, let me put it like this: the game has an achievement named ""0.25% of the 10,000 Hour Rule."" Google it."
,Recommended,221680,14988595,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Danger Tits,Learning guitar can be incredibly hard.One of the hardest parts is figuring out why I need a uplay account for this game.
,Recommended,221680,23309662,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Jouhou,"Tried to play Angel of Death by Slayer. The spirit of Jeff Hanneman jumped out of my computer, punched me in the balls and told me to come back when I was man enough. 10/10 would fail at Slayer again."
76561198038256221,Recommended,221680,32442224,Posted: 15 June,all,DarthWillyum,"I bought this game 2 years ago, I came at it as someone who already had nearly 10 years of experience with guitar. I was good, but not a shredder and I definitely needed to tighten up many aspects of my playing. I had previously tried Yousician to help me with some sloppy playing, but the restrictive time limits and high pay wall really put me off. So I picked up Rocksmith 2014! I am immensely satisfied with it as a product; but there are also a few issues I'd like to address. These are not deal breakers, but fixing them would greatly increase the value proposition of the this game.The main feature of this game is the ""Learn a Song"" mode, where you are taken through the songs with your instrument of choice, Lead Guitar, Rhythm Guitar or Bass. The new Dynamic difficulty update I found was spot on a good 95% of the time; I very rarely got hit with unexpected difficulty spikes. As such, the process of learning a new song is frequently silky smoothe. The selection of songs is pretty good as well. Although at first glance, they weren't really my cup of tea, I decided to use this as an opportunity to try some new music. This has lead me to discovering new bands as well as new styles of playing music. There are a plethora extra songs available for purchase to help you expand your experience. They may appear a little pricey, and you have to think carefully about the kind of mileage you might get out of certain songs/packs. You might be better off buying something a bit more difficult to master like Pantera or Dream Theatre than you would be Oasis if you want to get the most out of your purchase. The extra songs also come with ""authentic tones""; where are essential simulations of the artists so you can best mimic their tone in the games' ""Session Mode"" (more on that in a minute). I have a few issues with the song selection and the DLC strategy. First of all, the song selection is made up mostly of the bands' singles; and given that the singles are meant to be the most palatable, radio friendly tracks, they are often the most musically uninteresting out of a band's discography. I understand this has a lot to do with track licensing and making sure the music is the most iconic and recongnisable to ensure people actually buy it. That leads into my second issue, the selection of bands I find are the most mainstream and visible in the public conciousness. There is a lot of fun to be had if they included bands like Korn, Slipknot, Tool and hell even some Animals as Leaders to let the best shredders indulge in their guitar playing fantasies. Unfortunately, for reasons such as bands not granting permission to use their tracks, the lack of mainstream appeal and requirement to have a different guitar/setup all hamper the possibility of having these types of bands in the library. I do wish Ubisoft could make it work so that we could have bands that use extended range guitars (i.e. 7 and 8 string) or some less mainstream metal and prog bands to allow us to REALLY test our playing chops. To reiterate, these issues do no hamper the product for me, but my mileage with this game would definitely increase if these things happened.""Session Mode"" is a game type where you play along to a band of your choice; either a preset or custom band. You can tweak a variety of options to make the band play and shift up their playing style to suit your preferences. It's a really nifty tool to practice your improvisation and just squeeze in some practice of your scales. It feels like the virtual band is responding to you organically and it feels pretty darn good to play!The ""Guitarcade"" has a set of mini-games which test certain skills. My personal favourite is ""String-Skip Saloon"" on bass; it is great for practicing your finger picking, where you use a different finger for each string. There are others that test your ability to play chords and change between them quickly, change scale, slide and play harmonics. They are good fun and genuinely help tighten up your skills. In the guitarcade is a score attack mode where you can test everything you have learned in ""Learn a Song"" and get scored on the various different songs. Now I have spent a lot of time in ""Learn a Song"", I am spending a lot more time trying to boost my scores than I am learning.There is a multiplayer mode, but I haven't been able to try it out unfortunately.My personal opinion is that I feel like you get the most out of this game with a bass. I've found it is by far the most responsive. I have found that playing guitar with this game can be a bit frustrating at times; it all depends on what you are playing. I find playing complex chords to be the worst offender as Rocksmith does not easily decipher when you are playing a chord, and if you are playing it correctly. There are some strategies to overcome this, such as playing the chord very deliberately, gentely, ever so slightly ahead of the beat. But that does feel a bit unnatural. Playing power chords, riffs and solos are generally great fun to do. Make sure you are playing this on a moderately good PC to ensure that you can minimise the latency values on the audio; if it is running well you can play the game very naturally. If not, then you might have to alter your playing to account for that latency, which isn't fun! I have managed to have a great old time by plugging my laptop into a TV and didn't get any noticeable degradation in the experience. One word of advice, don't try it using the Steam Link, you will have a bad time! The network latency REALLY makes itself known with this game.Overall, I certainly recommend this game, it has helped me tighten up my playing even though I've already had many years of experience. As long as Ubisoft keep supporting it with a strong library of great guitar driven songs to play; I'm not ready to complain."
76561198019862767,Recommended,221680,24976979,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Twice Baked,"Posted on 8/17/2016Edited 8/18/2017I purchased this software 3 months before my 49th birthday.  I had always wanted to learn to play the guitar but I just never had the time or money to do it before so I had absolutely no experience when purchased.  I was a total novice.The initial investment was expensive (I purchased a very cheap electric guitar online along with the realtone cable and some picks, a strap, etc.)When I first started the lessons I was having some trouble with the software not picking up the notes as I played them but this was fixed by turning the gain on the realtone cable up to around 5.5 db or so (2/3 of way up bar.)  Once this was fixed I spent the next 3 weeks injuring my left wrist by playing as much as my  body could stand.I had to take a week off of playing.  When I went back I quickly realized my fingers were too short and fat to effectively play a 6-string at the level required.  I was muting way too many strings.  My chords sounded awful and I couldn't get passed 60% mastery on any songs.Before I totally accepted defeat I decided to bite the bullet and invest in a bass.  Probably a better bass than I should have.The first song the program suggested to me was Def Leopard ""Pour some sugar on me.""  As I was playing it I noticed (with more than a little amusement) that the entire song only uses 2 strings.  Since the program slowly shows you more and more notes as you play (you start off only playing certain notes in a bass line and the program will slowly fill in more notes as you properly hit the ones they are displaying [it is genius]) it took me around 5 tries hit 102% mastery on it.  This truly boosted my confidence.  While this song is easy to play I do love it and have since I was a teenager *cough*As I tried more difficult songs and moved through the bass lessons and mini-games I realized that the extra space the neck of the bass provides between the strings allowed my fingers to move a bit more easily up and down the fretboard.  The thicker strings also stood out more to my pudgy fingers.I am sharing all of this with you, reader, essentially to say that now that it is 2 weeks before my 49th birthday I just tried to play ""Everlong"" by the Foo Fighters and nailed a 99% accuracy on my 2nd try.I am bouncing up and down the fretboard like I have been playing the bass for a year.  The more difficult songs still give me trouble.  ""Play that funky music"" by Wild Cherry and ""Satch Boogie"" by the great Joe Satriani are examples of just hellish bass lines.I have managed to impress all my friends and I play a version of ""Hollow"" by Alice in Chains that brings chills to them (they say.)At this point I will only get better at the bass and I cannot believe how well this program has taught me (along with help from some youtube courses to nail techniques.)If you are willing to put in the time, money, effort and maybe even some blood this program will teach you how to play a guitar or bass.How well you do does depend a bit on talent of course.I whole heartedly recommend this program.  It has been worth every penny.  But I usually wait for a good sale to get the expensive song packs.Edit on August 18, 2017:Well it is now 2 weeks before my 50th birthday and I just ripped my middle finger open mastering ""Texas Flood"" by Stevie Ray Vaugn and Double Trouble but that is okay because I just flippin' mastered ""Texas Flood"" by Stevie Ray Vaugn and Double Trouble!!!I cannot sing this program's praises enough.  If you have any interest at all in playing a guitar or bass get this program.Highly Recommended."
76561197975017709,Recommended,221680,17481826,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,GET NASTY,Finger bleed simulator 201410/10
,Recommended,221680,28609294,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Pug Life,"Incredible piece of software. I tried to learn guitar when I was 18 and then again at around 22 and quit both times after struggling just to learn a few basic riffs. At 27, I  thought I'd give it one last hurrah and my fiancee purchased me Rocksmith 2014 to assist in my learning.  I've been playing Rocksmith 2014 since July 2015 and I'm excited to say that I can play full songs now. Not just one or two, but over one hundred at 90%+ accuracy. I still have a long way to go but I believe Rocksmith has cemented this as a life-long hobby for me. The developers are amazing and released a free ""Remastered"" update for existing owners of the game. They also release DLC song packs on a weekly basis, and while they are not free, they are an excellent value considering the price of lessons and how accurate the tracking of the notes is. I recommend this software wholeheartedly to anyone aspiring to learn electric guitar or bass."
,Recommended,221680,25449403,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,MyLittleEye,"SOME TiPS TO GET THE MOST FROM THiS AWESOME GAME AND TO MiNiMiSE FRUSTRATiON:( Please Thumb Up if this helps so that others get to see! )Rocksmith 2014 is VERY sensitive to deviations in tuning. Contrary to the usual recommendation that light strings ( < 9's ) are better for beginners (because they are kinder on the fingers) I would suggest that, for Rocksmith, slightly heavier, medium strings will serve you better in playing this game. (try 10's on regular guitars, perhaps even 11's on shorter scale guitars: Les Pauls, Jags, Mustangs etc.) This is becuase the thicker strings tend to be more stable in pitch and also deliver a stronger signal than those skinny, so called 'easy' strings. Trust me - it's more important for this sortware to 'hear' your notes consistently and in tune. Those bendy, skinny strings' pitch will veer all over the place as your fingers struggle to learn their correct position and pressure. Slightly firmer strings give more positive response and feedback - Your fingers will toughen up soon enough cry-babies!GET NEW STRiNGS! - Especially if you have an old guitar that's had the same strings since it got chucked in the back of Dads cupboard back in 1979; don't wait for them to break! - I put Ernie Ball Slinky 10's on an old Stagg Strat I was given and was astonished at the strong bright tone they delivered. Compared to with the dull old 9's that were on it before, this was like a whole new instrument!THE PERFECT ViSUAL AiD FOR NEW ROCKSMiTH PLAYERS -  Dr Neon stringsUKUSAmay look a bit gaudy however they perfectly match the Rocksmith string colouring system and this really, REALLY helps to coordinate my fingers, moreso than I thought they would and particularly in the guitarcade excercises where I'm learning to move my fingers quickly between chords. Once I'm at the stage where I can play without looking at my fingers, then I'll switch back to Ernies or Elixirs or or such-like. 'til then, these definitely have accelerated my progress!TUNiNG, TUNiNG, TUNiNG. I can't emphasise it enough. I often found this game incredibly frustrating when I'd see myself missing notes I'd swear I'd hit. I assumed at first it was because of my utterly crap technique but soon realised that often I'd hit a note or chord and it just wasn't being recognised. This became particularly apparent in the Guitarcade modules, Starchords and Castle Chordead, where I'd find myself thrashing away at a perfect simple chord with no effect as the opposition chewed me up. Getting an expensive new guitar made very little difference  (:-o - What I've since discovered is that keeping your guitar perfectly in tune is what makes the critical difference. Make sure also that your guitar is in tune all the way up the neck. If the intonation is out, Rocksmith is extremely unforgiving; consider investing in getting the instrument serviced by an experienced guitar tech. Even if it's a dirt cheap guitar, having decent strings, optimal action and accurate intonation will help avoid a whole world of Rocksmith pain, perhaps even make the difference between keeping your guitar or defenestrating it. Seriously, even Eric Clapton would suck at Rocksmith if his boutique vintage strat ""Blackie"" was out of intonation.HERE'S A TiP FOR GUiTARCADE - Pausing the game, you can see a little tuning meter at the bottom left of the display that indicates which note you are playing and the degree by which it is sharp or flat - Sound each string repeatedly and make sure the circle around the note lights up promptly and consistently to indicate it's in tune. I find this tuning method far more effective than the dedicated tuning module you get at the beginning of each song - Your foes will fall before you!Finally: TiMiNG, TiMiNG, TiMiNG! - It was when I was getting to grips with ""Knocking on Heaven's Door"" that I realised that there was a very slight but significant difference between the music I was hearing, and the moment the chords ""arrived"" in the display. I didn't know whether to play the chord the instant when I see it or when I hear it? The answer is in the Audio Settings where you can adjust a delay setting. On my own Mac this corrected the difference on a setting of 4 - (Setting the delay at 0 caused an alarming bug/issue where all sound became completely distorted - Robot Voice says ""Raa.aa.ck.smm.iithh"")Once I'd nailed the timing setting (trial and error) my playing has really come together quite literally. Specifically, I can look away from the display and when I look back I haven't missed the notes because the display, the song and my guitar are all syncronised.OKAY - so this hasn't been intended as a review - It's just my hope that sharing what I've learned in fine tuning this amazing game helps you to find it as rewarding as I do and ensures that you get to enjoy playing WiTH Rocksmith rather than against it. - If you've found what I share helpful then please give it a thumbs up promotion so that others get to see it too.Thanks - Pól"
,Recommended,221680,18716287,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Afiyet Lokanta,"IF YOU ARE READING THIS AND THE GAME IS ON SALE,DONT READ THE FCKN REVIEW JUST BUY THE GAMEUPDATE 24/11/2016:NOMINATED THE GAME FOR""THE MOST USEFUL GAME FOR REAL LIFE""!!!  AND IT DESERVES IT 10/10be mebe that xXx_DjentGuy_xXxbe a Hardcore Guitar Hero(GH) Fanthink you need a real guitar instead of 5 fretted plastic sh*ttry to search ""Real life Guitar Hero III "" in youtubefind nothing and cry with the fallen hopes of yoursbuy a cheap-as* guitar (Cort G110) and fail miserably on playing itdont play GH for 2 years and realise you miss that gametry to search that one song you always failed because of Wii's stupid as* controller(you cant alternate pick)find Knights Of Cynodia (Muse <3)then see a cover of Riff Repeater and get interested(all credits for this guy . If he never made that video I would never see Rocksmith)understand the mechanics of the game from forums and other videosrealise you need to buy a Real Tone CableInstabuy it with the gamespend 60-70 more $ on DLC'sbuy Cherub Rock by The Smashing Pumpkins and learn the ability to	download custom songs from a website called CustomForge a.k.a CDLCspend 3-4 hours a day on this awesome Rocking simulatorlearn every other technique then sweeping and Economy pickingfind that you can play guitar pretty easilyspend more time on this gameconvince your friends to buy this game toowatch your female friend failing to understand the game and try to help her by going to her homedo nothing other than trying to show your skills and trying to teach her  some chordsEge ve Berin, burayı okuyosanız (ki bu olması zor bir durum) , Gülce denen eski kız arkadaşımdır bahsettiğim :c,realise you cant show your skills and cry a lot(and realise that you actually impressed her a little :smirk_face:)play moremoreand moreDownload Guile's Theme and and feel badas* while playing itbroke your e string every time you try to lower your tune to Drop A for ""The Dairy Of Jane""or the opposite when trying to play Ultra Soul by B'zlearn more about guitarsshred your way through the Avenged Sevenfold songsor use fingerstyle in Stairways to Heaven intromaybe use your double hand tapping skills in Metallica - One ' s solodo whatever you wantplay whatever you wantGO INTO SEASION MODE AND ONLY USE KAZOO TO HAVE SOME FUN! (seriously this is one of the funniest thing to do in your life)try to imagine that woman's face (from the tutorial)imagine playing  songs with your alternative rock lover female friendthen write a review about a game you just played 120 hoursstart writing it with bad grammarsay sorry for bad english at the endBUT FIRST OF ALL!!!!be meUPDATE: I BOUGHT A 7 STRING JUST TO TUNE IT DOWN TO DROP F#. DJENT ONLY BRO!Sorry for bad english :/"
,Recommended,221680,26592691,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The Monsees,Harder than Dark Souls 3.
76561197983082568,Recommended,221680,26625076,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Blue64,"Rocksmith 2014 Remastered9.99 / 10.0RocksmithRocksmith 2014 RemasteredLearning to play Guitar or Bass is a lot of Fun with this game; heck, just playing along with your favorite song is a blast. You play Guitar or Bass? then this game is for you. There is nothing like this software out there.... Unique.I purchased both Rocksmith (original) and Rocksmith 2014 (auto upgraded to Remastered version) and I am telling you to buy both. Buying both gives you access to more songs. Any song purchased in the older Rocksmith(original) version is automatically installed in the 2014 Remastered version.Rocksmith Original: 51 songs (6 unlockable, 169 DLC)Rocksmith 2014: 55 songs (10 unlockable, 800+ DLC and growing)Customforge 2016: always adding custom DLC (CDLC) == FREEMany basic skills are covered in this game; although nothing beats a real teacher for instruction on tone, clarity, smoothness, and savoir faire; THIS GAME WILL GIVE YOU MINUTE BY MINUTE the most pleasure per dollar spent; your teacher cannot match this. It is literally as fun as jamming on weekends with your band. Pure fun. Pure entertainment. Pure value. Get it.NotaBene1) when you purchase the Rocksmith(original game) add the ‘disc import tool’ to import the original songs. DLC is automatically transferred to the 2014 Remastered version whether or not you purchase the disc import tool.2) Fun includes discovering songs and styles that you do not listen to on the radio or in your car.... Play every song that you can and learn; I discovered Bob Dylan for the first time on my Bass Guitar [Bob won the Nobel !]3) Don’t like the Steam/PC choices of songs? Just download all the custom DLC that is on the .net [free].... Heck, why don’t you make custom DLC of your favorite song and upload it so that everybody can learn the song that you love?!My scoring system / 1010 / exemplary execution of the genre with compelling innovation9 / exemplary execution of the genre don’t miss out, for fans of the genre and the curious alike8 / for well done not a must play, fans of the genre and newbs will be happy it is well done7 / for calibrated expectations only, fans of the genre would not miss out if they skipped this6 / only for serious fans of the genre for whom game play with bugs is acceptable5 / enough bugs to make me unhappy"
,Recommended,221680,29629021,Posted: 1 February,all,Joker,"I learned guitar with this game, and this game only, for over three and a half years now.This is kinda-sorta what I'm capable of currently:(Skip to 2:45)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Y0jlGutLes&t=2m45sTL;DR - BUY THIS GAME"
76561198082363104,Recommended,221680,33271627,Posted: 5 July,all,KDM,"As advertised, the easiest way to learn guitar.After 4 years, still play it daily!"
,Recommended,221680,19302593,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Scoopy,I play this game too much.
,Recommended,221680,8534205,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,GuitarDan,"So much better than the original. All the annoying things from the first instalment have all been sorted out.  I absolutely love this game and it is worth every penny I have spent on it.Don't get me wrong It's not perfect and there are some users with problems but I have encountered non of them.That being said I still stand by my statement that this game, including the extra spent on all the dlc, is worth every penny I have spent on it so far and will spend on it in the future...."
,Recommended,221680,12332788,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,lyonheart,"While not a substitute for a *good* teacher, it is a much better option than many crappy teachers, and most guitar teachers are pretty crappy. While I haven't gotten to ""hero"" yet, I've gone from Zero, to well, having callouses and being able to improvise over scales in a mere 30-something hours of practice with the app.The way I've been explaining this game to my friends is, think Guitar Hero but make it an educational game with a real guitar. Individual phrases are simplified and you level them up individually from each other, and instead of ""failing"" you if you miss too many notes the game tries to keep you at a level to where you're on your toes.One thing I really appreciate about this game is that it's teaching me actual songs I can relate to. I sat down the other day to practice a prhase from one of the Radiohead songs, realized it's in the same key as the primary Salsa riff, the Game of Thrones theme, the Legend of Zelda theme and the Super Mario Castle music, and had a lot of fun going between them all. I'm not just learning more about the guitar, I'm learning more about music.One thing I find really frustrating with this game is that it has a hard time recognizing my playing of some techniques. It doesn't recognize a vast majority of my pitch bends, for example, though an accomplished guitarist friend of mine says they're fine. The game doesn't offer any feedback on how I might improve them, other than to watch the tutorial video again.Overall, if you want to learn guitar, it's hard to go wrong with this game as part of a larger practice. Props to Ubisoft for creating something that's more about learning and less about ego."
76561198036871331,Recommended,221680,28543314,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Raposa,My fingers are bleeding and I couldn't be happier
,Recommended,221680,14511415,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"If you want to learn the Electric Guitar or Bass in the comfort of your home while stoned and or drunk this is the way to do it. It takes Guitar Hero/Rock Band but instead of using 5 buttons you use a real guitar struming the real notes to the song while it plays the actual  note you play.It has a very nice step up system for learning the song starting off with the basic easy notes and as you play it successfully it adds in more notes until your playing the full actuall song.It also has a hand full of mini games for warming up and fine tuning your skills*************************************************WARNING YOU DO NEED AN ADAPTER THAT CONNECTS YOUR GUITAR/BASS TO THE USB*************************************************************You need it to play, Eb games or any pawn shop well have one for cheap"
,Recommended,221680,23771843,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Tanya von Degurechaff,"It's like Guitar Hero, but with a real guitar.It's pretty good, and will actually teach you songs. Although the multiplayer being constricted to local only is annoying, meeting up with friends to jam is a fun experience. New songs get added to the game very regularly.I'd reccomend it if you either want a hard, realistic version of guitar hero, or want an easy and fun way to learn songs. (I would not, however, reccomend making this your only method of learning songs.)"
76561198045428131,Recommended,221680,33571580,Posted: 15 July,all,Serotonian,"I'm not one for lengthy reviews, so I'll dive right in.  This is awesome, but the default way that it wants to teach you how to learn a song is going to be bad.  Music is muscle memory.  The game wants to slowly add difficulty to a song by adding more and more of the actual notes as you improve (Think Rock Band or Guitar Hero difficulties).  This is the default option.  If you learn this way, you'll constantly be unlearning the bare bones of a riff to relearn the slightly more beefed up version.  It's also super disorienting when you're making a ton of progress on a song mid-play and it suddenly is far more complicated after half of the song has passed.Do yourself a favor.  Override dynamic difficulty and set your difficulty to 100%.  This will show all notes at all times and grade you accordingly.  Learn it this way, no matter how daunting songs seem.  If you're struggling, bring up the options and use the riff repeater to slow down a section and practice it over and over and over and over and over and you get the idea.Rocksmith is fantastic if you know how to use it."
,Recommended,221680,28176446,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ratman,"TL:DR editionBasically Guitar Hero for guitarists, Rocksmith 2014 lets you play along with popular songs with either a 6-string electric guitar or a 4-string electric bass. You do need to buy a cable to plug your guitar into your computer, a special 6.5mm-USB cable specifically for Rocksmith which adds roughly $40 onto the cost of the game if you don't already own one so keep that in mind before buying it. Also DLC is expensive, just buy Cherub Rock and mod in songs instead.+great tool for learning guitar (if paired with other things)+fun way to practice+solid selection of tracks in base game+easy to mod+supports both guitar and bass+local 2p multiplayer-only 2p multiplayer-requires an overpriced cable-overpriced DLC9/10Full ver.This game is pretty much perfect, and I would say it's an incredible tool both for people who want to learn guitar or bass and for those who already play and just want to jam some new songs. There's also a solid modding community who are constantly making ""custom DLC""/CDLC/mods that import songs into the game unofficially.I used to find the ""dynamic difficulty"" feature annoying and patronising in the first Rocksmith, you'd start off playing one note every 4 bars and the game would get harder as you improved. In the beginning it was annoying because it was too easy, once you got to a solid difficulty it was still annoying because it would drop you back down to baby mode if you ever made a mistake. This feature makes a return in Rocksmith 2014, but is vastly improved by the option to turn it off if you already know what you're doing.I like that it has local multiplayer, a rarity in PC games, however it is a bit of a shame that you can only have two players at a time. Most songs on Rocksmith 2014 have 3 different parts for each song (rhythm, lead, bass). Unlike a console, you can have more than 2 USB ports and multiple displays on a PC and it would've been really cool for Ubisoft to include the option to have a third player on a second monitor. This way, a whole band (sans drummer) can practice and jam together.There are really only a few minor issues I have with Rocksmith 2014, one of which is the tuner. It's pretty sensitive, which is good, but its idea of a guitar being in tune is a bit too lenient imo. A few times the game would tell me a string was tuned when I could clearly hear that it was out in relation to other strings.Also, the game seems to have trouble detecting very low bass notes, low Cs are missed in songs that call for C standard or drop C tuning but maybe that's just my bass' volume being too low. I wouldn't know since I don't have a second one to test on multiple instruments.Another problem is that many tracks teach the player ways to play the song that are harder than necessary. Gonna get a bit technical here. Keep in mind that in standard bass tuning, the 5th fret of every string plays the open note of the next string, meaning the 7th fret note of the E string (a B) plays the same note as the 2nd fret of the A string. Many songs will have you moving from, say, the 2nd fret to the 7th on the same string, when it would be much easier to stay on the 2nd fret but play the next string. R U Mine? by the Arctic Monkeys is a very good example of the game making a song harder than it has to be.My final, and biggest, problem with this game is the pricing. Going by current conversion rates, the game costs $53.65 AUD. This would be a very reasonable price, however buying a separate Rocksmith ""Real Tone"" Cable is required to play and adds roughly $40 AUD onto the price (and a guitar, fairly obviously). The game offers a decent amount of songs without DLC but you'll want to make sure the song list is VERY much in line with your music taste if you want to get a decent experience from the base game. DLC songs cost $4 AUD EACH, which I think is a pretty unreasonable ask for one song, especially because this game has around 480 DLC songs at this point. Even if you don't care about most of the DLC songs it's still likely to run you a few hundred bucks for the ones you want. Thankfully the only DLC you need to buy is Cherub Rock so you can mod in CDLC. After that just torrent the other official DLC or wait until a sale if you REALLY want to buy it."
,Recommended,221680,16635456,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,k0ala,"First months: ""This is a funny looking wooden game controller.""Soon after: ""I enjoy playing the song more than I enjoy getting 100% on Learn-A-Song. It's time to switch to Score Attack.""Eventually: ""I can rock with or without this game. Wanna start a band?"""
,Recommended,221680,32022109,Posted: 28 May,all,antibiotica,"This keeps me motivated practising for 6 month now. I love it.DLC could be a little cheaper, but it is still ok.There are some technical limitation, but they defenitly did a good job programming this game."
,Recommended,221680,26991701,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Euther Pendragon,"I an so happy the family bought this game. I used to play Guitar when I was a teenager! I sold all my gear when I went to college, and regretted it for many years. Specifically, the wife bought me this game, because one of my daughters wanted me to play again. Well, I didnt have a guitar any longer, so I purchased one that I ALWAYS wanted... A Jackson USA Soloist ... and found the SL2H Soloist SkullYard for sale! Bought it!!!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=829473757Totally Happy!!!! If you ever wanted to learn how to play the Guitar or Bass... get it!THIS IS THE MOST EXPENSIVE GAME I EVER INVESTED IN!!!!!Edit: If your looking for Open Source Songs, please check out:ignition.customsforge.com"
76561198070198451,Recommended,221680,32624704,Posted: 21 June,all,Frox,I have been playing Rocksmith for about a year now. Haven't even touched a real guitar before i started playing this.I used to play a lot of guitar hero and rock band. which helped a little in getting to know this.I Have learned to master a few songs and i can play along to a lot of songs with some mistakes here and there.Haven't really looked at the lessons maybe one time to know how to perform some techniques.After a year i still enjoy Rocksmith a lot. and there's rarely a day that i wont play. even if its for a short 30 minutes.I'm considering about taking lessons on the side to really master some techniques.Also there's a quite big of a community which create custom songs. And some of them are really good ( and free ).I'd recommend this game to everyone who wants to learn to play the guitar. Or someone that is playing guitar hero and looking for more of a challenge.10/10
,Recommended,221680,31336760,Posted: 24 April,all,loooogik,"Guitar Hero with actual guitar, 10/10"
,Recommended,221680,8381390,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Prates,"One of the best music games and the best music simulator on the market. I got some trouble to get the Real Tone Cable in my country because it wasn't sold seperatly but now that I got it I don't regret any time/money I spent to get this game. For what I've saw  I've been getting better playing guitar since I played this, but only more time will tell.10/10 You should buy if you've a guitar or bass."
,Recommended,221680,24610361,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Pirateguybrush,"If you're wondering whether Rocksmith 2014 can teach you to play guitar with no prior experience, the answer is a resounding yes.  It's not going to teach you perfect technique, but it will get you started on the basics.  You'll likely need to suplement it with youtube lessons (I highly recommend justinguitar), or in person lessons - but they're not necessary to have a good time, and pick up some basic skills.It provides the motivation, enjoyment and sense of progression to keep you playing (and learning), and while I'm by no means ""good"" after 100+ hours, I'm definitely learning, improving, and having a lot of fun.  Sometimes I even sound good while doing it!  This was a great buy, well worth picking up.  The cable can be hard to track down (and is required, no-cable methods just don't work properly), so check you can get one before buying the game."
,Recommended,221680,29183889,Posted: 11 January,all,IT'S TAPE,"I've played this game for 16 hours in the past 2 days so I feel like a review is necessary. I've been playing guitar for 17 years and I got this game as a fun way to jam without my band and maybe learn some songs. Little did I know that despite playing for as long as I have, I've learned more in the past 16 hours than I have in probably the past 5 years. Whether you are an experienced guitarist or are thinking about learning, get this game. Period. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,221680,7626302,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Knight-hart,"If you've ever watched K-On! and thought ""Wow, playing an instrument sounds fun, but I have no friends to play with, especially not cute ones"" then boy are you in luck."
76561197988707307,Recommended,221680,19366602,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,skaboobaloo,"I've been playing Rocksmith daily for 11 months now and my playing has improved tremendously. Nothing motivates me to practice like this game: I used to find it hard to motivate myself to practice an hour a week but am now playing at least this much every day.I used to think of myself as a decent bass player, but I'd say that I've improved more over this past year than the last 20 years combined. I am now comfortably playing material that I used to think would forever be out of my reach."
,Recommended,221680,28459876,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,1wsx10,"great game, it tought me how to play guitar. my only issue with it is that the menu is pretty bad.i will say, the learning progression system didnt work great for me because it starts with just one finger on one string, then slowly adds more strings and more fingers. but its hard to tell which fingers are meant to go in the places that are displayed, so you figure out a hand position. when it adds another finger position suddenly you realize you were putting your fingers wrong and now you cant fit the new chord with your hand. so you have to learn the proper way all at once instead.after realizing this, i turned to the riff repeater. that thing is great, you setup the section of song you want (you can do all the song if you want) and you can turn the dificulty all the way up, then slow it down to 5% or something so you have plenty of time to figure out where your hands go between each chord/note. then once you are comfortable at that speed you turn up the speed.doing this i learnt to play the songs at full speed.there is one thing the game wont teach you though, and thats how to make the notes sound good. it will accept the note as long as its close to the same pitch and timing - if it sounds weird that doesn't matter. i suggest after you can play a song you play it while paused and listen carefully to your notes. this helps you not only hit the notes, but make the notes sound good."
76561198011811610,Recommended,221680,23650724,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ReTox,"Very easy review to write, it's a freaking great program.Pros:Rocksmith 2014 is a tremendously efficient guitar tutor masked cleverly as enjoyable entertainment.  If you have any desire to learn guitar or bass you owe it to yourself to pick this up.  Even at full retail price it is bus fare compared to one-on-one guitar training at a music store.  You'll learn the same stuff, perhaps not the nitty gritty theory, but certainly the techniques as you would from a professional tutor but at a fraction of the cost... easy peasy decision.You will Rock out... oh yes, you will.The Steam version doesn't come with the cable but it can be sourced through Amazon and other retailers.  Be aware that it 'could' cost more than just buying the physical box with the game DVD and cable when they're bought seperate.The only Con:Cost of DLC.  Most songs are 3 bucks a piece, gets expensive fast.  Buy packs where you can, and wait for Steam sales.Edit (March 2017) -250+ hours in, time for an update...I've found that I get the best experience playing Rocksmith if I use pedals, not effects, just pedals to get a better line signal.  I have a buffer, a compressor, and a noise gate and they are all set to be mild to medium in their attack and release.  I find this tightens up the dynamics enough that notes I'm clearly playing that didn't register with the game engine, now do.  It has meant song scores going way up and a near ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic level of joy playing the tunes I like to play... okay maybe that last bit was too far.For anyone that might be interested, here's the rig:Gretsch/Strat -> Boss NS2 -> Friedman SirCompre (omg so cherry) -> TC Bonifide Buffer -> RealTone Cable -> Profit???I've actually got an A/B switcher in place so I can push my pedal board to either the RealTone cable or to my audio interface.So yeah, if you're reading this thinking I like the idea of the game but half of what I play it ignores?  Get a cheap compressor at the minimum, or borrow one to try first before investing that it does indeed work for you, but I think you'll find it does.I mean, I got 'Eye of the Tiger' up to 99.9% and I totally suck!Cheers!"
,Recommended,221680,34303698,Posted: 17 August,all,Ame ♡,"The game is awesomeIt just has some little noiseMy guitar is IbanezI tune my guitar according to the methods on the internet, but it doesn’t work well.Maybe there is something wrong with my PC’s wire,but it is the legal copy. I bought it in Japan.The homemade song package is interestingIt makes me forget the time."
,Recommended,221680,14276971,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sombiez*,"for people who already know how to play guitar, this is fun as a gamefor people who dont know how to play guitar, I think this isnt the best way to 'learn' but its the best way to practice!"
76561198212707407,Recommended,221680,23267046,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Prentiss the Lost Boy,"Rocksmith 2014 is amazing. I began playing guitar at 12, and when I was 13, I got the original Rocksmith for my Xbox 360. I played the heck out of it, and it helped me learn many techniques I would have otherwise never known about. I have since progressed with my ability to play guitar, and bought Rocksmith 2014 on my PC. I was very grateful that my RealTone Cable from my Xbox 360 was compatible with my PC. I started the game up, and shreded away. The best part about the Rocksmith franchise is that it is not biased towards beginers or experts. You can start the game knowing nothing about how to play guitar/bass, but if you give the game some time, it will pay off, I promise. The best feeling while playing this game is when you reach 100%+ mastery on a song. I remember the first time I did. I noticed the notes seemed to be fading away until they did not show up anymore. It was as if I was jamming to this song in my room. The game automatically put the song on ""Master Mode"" seeing as I had already been hitting every note. I finished the song, and I was ecstatic to see that I had 104% mastery. This game is for anyone interested in learning guitar, or simply just jamming if you already know how to play. Do be warned though, it's like being on a diet; results do not show up overnight. If you want improvement, give the game time and patience, and be sure to practice frequently."
76561198098821839,Recommended,221680,34474603,Posted: 24 August,all,TPxRedBeard,"So I have this game on my Xbox One with 200+ songs purchased. I wasn't going to buy this game again, especially since none of my purchased content transferred.But then I was told about this cool thing you can do after buying the song ""Cherub Rock"" by The Smashing Pumpkins.After discovering this I instantly bought this game again without hesitation.I've been playing guitar for about 8 years now and after first playing this game for the first time last year I can say that my progression has significantly increased the past year spending most of my guitar time on this game. So many tools and drills to help you learn if you're just starting, and enough challenges to keep experienced guitar players like me interested and learning.It's also great because none of my friends play instuments so I can play along to songs like I'm in a band, even though I know I'm a loner with musically untalented friends. :(The point I'm trying to make is that if you're new, or have been playing for half a lifetime, this game is fun and productive for anyone wanting to pick up an axe and shred like Zack Wilde.Guitar lovers buyDJ lovers go jump off a cliff.Rock forever.\m/,  x x  ,\m/"
,Recommended,221680,16737993,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Reace,"First and foremost, based on reviews, the Rocksmith Real Tone Cable is very fragile so take extra care of it! Over at my place the cable is not easy to find and is rather expensive so you don't want to go through hassle of getting another one or modding a guitar usb cable.Rocksmith is a fine tool for beginners and pros alike. There are plenty video lessons that would be helpful for beginners, even when you are playing a guitar for the very first time. In Rocksmith, you don't do readings, unlike reading tabs, chords, music notes or using Guitar Pro software. Rather you learn through videos, visual graphics and repetitive motions.All you really need is an electric guitar, and the game will handle the rest. The tones, amps, and all the tools that will mod & filter the sounds that are available in real world are all installed in the game and it sounds really, really awesome. *Branded, expensive stuffs, mind you*. Jamming in real life won't get you the exact sound without these proper tools thus in this game you will play the songs as it is meant to be played. *Thank god the tones are not DLC's* *No, I'm not giving any idea, Ubisoft*The game has a mode called Riff Repeater where it allows you to learn sections by sections of the songs. It also have difficulty setting whereby you can control your pace of learning so it really caters to beginners very well. *Imagine learning the solo's without this mode, oh god*. Practicing would be boring, if you're not interested in the song in the first place. So song choice matters! Start immediately with the songs you like and don't just play at random! Also, it has a build-in tuner so you won't get your tuning wrong for all the songs. Having said that, outside of the game, you gonna have to learn how to tune the guitar to suit the songs perfectly and that would depend on your own initiatives.Ultimately, with or without Rocksmith, you have to be passionate and dedicated enough to be able to enjoy playing the guitar. Rocksmith is just a tool, and it's not a game where you will have fun without practicing a song over and over again. I see that many started this game but stopped after a short while because they seem to lost interest. So take this into consideration if you are going to start this game as you don't only have to buy the game, but also the guitar and its cable and almost everything that accompanies it which by then you will find out this hobby is as costly as any other.Points doesn't matter, as long as you enjoy playing & I do, I enjoy playing. So if you are looking to play a guitar, whether beginning or restarting the musical journey, I wish you good luck and have fun!"
,Recommended,221680,21894492,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,envoy,"learn how to play guitar.all you need is an electric guitar or bass, and a £20/€25/$45 cable  - **edit after game update** you no longer need the cable to play. use a microphone to register notes, or go unplugged completely with no note registering, just the notes on screen.Pros -*caters for total newcomes and for experienced players wanting to improve*variety of DLC tracks*slow down and isolate difficult parts to master them*score attack and mini game modes, i don't use these much but its an awesome incentive with leaderboards*once you're accustomed to reading the notes its like a new language, and learning tracks becomes very quick*the below cons don't make this any less of an essential purchase if you want to learn guitarCons:*some PC soundcards have input delay issues, but swiching to the onboard sound fixes this*digital sound - tones are emulated digitally which is fine, they've done an amazing job but some are badly designed on certain tracks compared to others*collecting official DLC can get expensive*your fingers will hurt!"
76561198006923019,Recommended,221680,26324476,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,√ puffy★,My hand aches.>11/10
76561198165046070,Recommended,221680,24452642,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,lemme get uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh,Buy the cable first. If you could find ONE.
,Recommended,221680,32825517,Posted: 26 June,all,JW,"I have been playing guitar for like 1.5 years and I have to say Rocksmith 2014 is a awesome game. It combines my two favorite things in the world, music & video games. Here is a PRO's & CON's list.PROs- Makes practicing guitar alot more enjoyable, tuner is accurate, the tab for the songs are really accurate, DLC only cost like $2 per song, alot of lessons for beginners, cool minigames, good starting song choices.CONs- Custom songs are not that always accurate, sometimes the tuning screen makes you break your strings by having you go in the wrong order (For me it was when I was playing Volbeat in Standard D Tuning), Can't use DLC from the original Rocksmith.Out of ten I would give this game a soild 9/10. I don't believe in the whole learn how to play in 60 days crap but I do believe that if you are new this is a great way to get started and even if you are not new it is still really fun to play."
,Recommended,221680,8918248,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,RG,"Yes. Yes. That's it. That's the toy every guitar lover should have. That's not a Guitar Hero or something like that, with some plastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥, that's the truth. That's the teacher and partner. And I'm damn excited. I almost forgot, how great it is - playing in the band. You definitely should try this game. For sure."
76561198079811911,Recommended,221680,20316655,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Senarin,"If you're like me, you played guitar WAY before even the original Rocksmith came out. I started playing 9 years ago and still love it to this day. However, at some point I stopped playing for a few reasons. Guitar is an instrument that suffers from feeling kind of lame if you aren't jamming with other people. Playing alone to a song is cool, for around an hour or two, but then you start wishing you had a drummer, or a singer, or a bass. Hence the reason why lots of people form bands and showcase their talent, put it to good use. I was like many who didn't have the opportunity growing up to join or form a band, I just simply didn't have enough friends that played instruments that would sound good together. That's when Rocksmith came around. I'm sure you understand the basic premise of Rocksmith. Simply put it's real life guitar hero. Notes come on the screen in vibrant colors to actual rock songs and you play along, except the catch is you play on a real guitar and are actually learning to play the songs. Great concept!Here's the deal. Rocksmith will NOT teach the average Joe how to play guitar. The thing Rocksmith succeeds at is making guitar fun for people who already play guitar. I'm sure if you gave it your all you could learn to play guitar with Rocksmith, but it doesn't teach you how to read sheet music or tabs which are rather key in playing guitar outside of Rocksmith. Nevertheless, Rocksmith is awesome for people that play, and it also took me down a peg, realising that playing guitar is NOT like riding a bike. You don't just set it down for a couple years, then come back to it and start jamming to Holy Diver. You have to rebuild lost calluses, regain flexibility in your fingers, all that great stuff.If you have never touched a guitar before and think you can learn how to play guitar from Rocksmith, that all depends on your determination but like I said before it doesn't teach you to read music. If you're a guitarist like me and are looking for something to bring back that initial spark in your marriage to your guitar then this is the preverbial sexy weekend getaway. With some drinks, a few half broken guitar picks, a spare pack of strings, and a whole lot of 80's hair metal."
,Recommended,221680,24117708,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,S E I D,Played for 8 hours straight and i stopped when i realised my fingers were literally bleeding11/10 would do it again
76561197963856929,Recommended,221680,26364129,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ver8elijk,"Many years ago I bought a bass. A sexy matt-black Epiphone T-bird goth.I've been ""playing"" it on and off but I never really learned to play it.Now, along the years I've been tempted to buy a 5-stringer for that deep fatty B-string.But I never did, as I would remind myself that I couldn't even handle that 4-stringer.Enter Rocksmith 2014.................3 weeks of f@#king around with it and I really feel like im able to handle that T-bird.It only took one drink too many and a halloween sale...........I now own a  6-string bass.Buyer beware."
,Recommended,221680,31367751,Posted: 25 April,all,Chicauxerrus,"This is not a game, this is a learning tool.And this is a very good one but you will not magically become the next Jimi Hendrix in 5 months, and you sometime need to practice outside RocksmithPros :The guitarcade games are really well designed to make you work certain skills and techniquesThe lessons are okay, but it will not replace a real teacher or a friend with a good guitar level as the game cannot tell if you are doing any mistake beside playing a note wrongThe learn a song mode is where you are going to spend most of your time. And it feels very satisfactory to play along a song and it forces you to have the right tempo. The dynamic difficulty works generaly well, sometimes the gap between 2 difficulty levels is a bit strong but you can get use to it if you are practicing a single part of a song in the riff repeater modeThe session mode seems very interesting but my guitar level is way too bad to do anything interesting with itCons :Playing along a song on the tempo can be satisfactory, but I tend to sometime rush or play approximataly some parts and the game still count it as played well and you can't really hear how bad you are. So sometime trying to play a song you practice outside rocksmith can really tell you if you are really good or bad at that songThe tone designer and tone switches doesnt sound really good imo, I have a Lag Imperator 66 (costed me 200€) and when I tested it on a real amp I found that the sound was more than correct for the price but on rocksmith I find it either oversaturated or really lowIn conclusion : Rocksmith is definetly a good investement if you are struggling with traditional methods and it is worth the price if you consider picking it during sales (as you'll need to buy the realtone cable on your own + a real guitar if you dont own one) But it is not the ultimate and perfect learning tool. You'll still need to be motivated and work regulary if you want to progress. But after now a bit more than a month I realised how much progress I made. Before rocksmith I could barely play Between the bars by Elioth Smith and I tried recently playing it again (I need to tune my guitar to a standard D, and you will learn to hate tuning you guitar in something else than Standard E or Drop D) and I had much more ease playing it."
,Recommended,221680,22513952,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,blast,"i would say if you have an electric or even a semi acoustic guitar, but if you will use your semi acoustic you will have to make sure that your pickup/pickups are strong enough, if the pickup is not strong enough it will have a delay from what you are playing irl and what the game picks up.this game is 100% a really easy way of getting to know some awesome songs and even learning a little bit about guitars,i would give this game a rewiew of 8/10the reason i do not give it 10/10 is because you will still need to get the official cable that does not come with this  purchase.there are a big and helpful community, and some of the guys have even made some songs that are not a official dlc songs that you can download for free on(http://customsforge.com/)under cdlcs but im not gonna get into that here you can just google it or look on youtube for some tutorials how to download the songs.have a good time and happy rockin ! ! !"
,Recommended,221680,29130556,Posted: 8 January,all,Csurek,The only game from Ubisoft that is not a disappointment. They always update it and always giving us DLCs and it totally worth the money.
,Recommended,221680,23013676,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Alex Jones's Terminal Cancer,"This program is a must have for beginners and masters alike, I've been using it for one and a half years on bass with no prior practice and I can now play songs by people like Dream Theater and Rush with an accuracy of 95%+"
,Recommended,221680,14670653,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Fox,"Temp review (will update as I learn more and more)This review is coming from someone who is learning his first instrument and from scratch, on a brand new Fender acoustic guitar with the cable. I have the game set to Rhythm Guitar.In short, the game is definitely good, it will definitely help you learn an instrument in a way that is more fun than having a tutor throwing mass amounts of complicated difficult to remember information at you, but has enough imperfections to make you frustrated and annoyed with each song until you're able to push through them with patience and get used to it. So it might not be better than a tutor, but it's probably not worse either. And it's likely a lot cheaper too... so there's that.I don't know the game all that well, so I won't pretend to know everything about it, and there's a good chance I might be wrong on a few things I'm about to write, but this is my experiences so far.I wish the game had better options for setting the difficulty and song speed before starting each song and during the song, instead of a regular speed and instead of the difficulty curve based on how well you do during the song. Because most of the time, I'll finally start to get the hang of the song's current difficulty, but then throw a bunch more new notes at me, overwhelming me with notes I can't handle at all. Most of the time, it'll go from 1 or 2 notes per strum to 5 or 6 in a very awkward hand position on the guitar and quickly go to other notes without even giving you a chance to figure out the first set of new notes. I just end up looking at the screen and going ""Are for f****ing kidding me?"" and just quit the song and move onto another one that I haven't played yet. Now if I was able to manually set the difficulty myself and maintain that difficulty until I'm ready for the new notes, and if I was able to manually set the speed of each songs, and maybe increase or decrease both while in the song... then I'd probably be a lot less frustrated, would enjoy the game far more and would definitely learn a lot quicker too.I will add that this is currently the only way that has helped motivate me into learning an instrument. I've tried to self teach myself into learning the piano, drums, etc... I could never learn proper notes on a sheet, let alone get used to the hand positions and hitting the right notes, etc... I can see this game becoming quite fun once I actually start getting pretty good at it. So far, the highest I've reached so far is about 55.9% on 1 song, 50% and lower for the rest, but one of them hurts my fingers a lot (and it tears through finger tip protectors quickly, which isn't good cuz they're expensive) and the the rest seem to get more and more difficult rather quickly.The game is really good for tuning your instruments (even better / more accurate than the built in guitar tuner), picks up on the notes while playing surprisingly well (unlike Songs2See), it even has options to allow the game to be more lenient on your imperfect / badly timed note playing so even if your instrument isn't tuned in 100% perfect, it'll still pick it up just fine so long as it's set up at a lenient setting.I do definitely recommend this game since it's currently the best program / game out there for learning how to play an instrument (much better than Songs2See even though S2S might be better for learning the actual notes on a sheet).On a side note, I do wish the game had a few easy / beginner songs in which rookies could actually complete 100%... like a sort of tutorial, to allow us to get comfortable with this style of game and feel like we accomplished something. Right now, I have a nasty bloody blister on my thumb, I still feel like I completely suck at playing the guitar, I have nothing at all to show my friends for all my efforts, even after almost 20 hours of playtime, I still don't know how to play any of the songs and I have the feeling it's going to require around 100 more hours before I can finally complete 1 song. I have no intentions of quitting, of course, but I just wish the game had a motivational song which we could complete 100% instead of slowly being able to get better over time and maybe someday be able to complete most if not all the songs all of a sudden (since they all feel equally very difficult)."
76561197992157639,Recommended,221680,30500043,Posted: 13 March,all,Natalie,"An excellent addition to keep a guitar or bass curriculum fun.Takes out a lof of guesswork, and the basic techniques are well-demonstrated.No substitute for direct / personal feedback, but a fantastic supplement."
76561197970339016,Recommended,221680,30694227,Posted: 23 March,all,wozhigh,Combine this game with you tube lessons and a ton of practice and you will be well on the way to playing guitar.The lead is sold seperately.Invert the strings as soon as you load it (OPTIONS MENU) as you will encounter tabs at some point and it will all seem upside down if you don't.Well worth buying right now in the sale if you want to learn
76561198056025503,Recommended,221680,11342743,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Gondulf,"I find Rocksmith 2014 a lot more playable than the original version. Notes are easier to strike, the tutorial is better organized and playing a song is a smoother experience (thanks to less latency). Arcade games are fun and session mode is a good way to improve your solo act.For all those who kind of gave up on Rocksmith, I recommend trying out the 2014 version."
,Recommended,221680,30776431,Posted: 27 March,all,AlieZooM,It makes you feel that you are not as bad as you are.*EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE*
,Recommended,221680,28957646,Posted: 2 January,all,Interritus,"Rocksmith 2014;What started as a dream is now turning into a reality for thousands of people across the globe. You said to yourself as a kid while listening to the radio to your favorite song, or while listening to your favorite cassette/8 track (whatever you grew up with) that you wanted to be just like the people in that band. You wanted to grow up to be a ""rock star."" Well Rocksmith 2014 is the way to go. While it might not make you a rock star it'll certainly show you how to play guitar/bass.Rocksmith 2014 is the fastest/easiest way to learn how to play guitar. Either buy yourself a Real Tone Cable (the 1/4"" jack for your guitar/bass to USB) or with their newest ""Remastered"" update of Rocksmith 2014, use your microphone that's on your computer. Personally I would recommend you spend the extra money for the cable if you don't have that amazing of a microphone.Rocksmith 2014 is LOADED with tons of your favorite artists/bands to choose from and believe me, that list of DLC can look a little intimidating but if you don't wanna spend the money now. just wait for a Steam sale. As of now, the total cost if you were to buy all the DLC at one time is well over $3600 USD (1/2/2017) but there is always more content being released for you to choose from.So what are you waiting for? You've wanted to learn how to play since you were a kid. Get up and do it! There's nothing stopping you now."
76561198133865853,Recommended,221680,12357486,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Norskulfr,Great for learning to play the guitar.  I have tried to learn by attempting the books but this program makes things so much easier and clearer to begin playing.
,Recommended,221680,23968647,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,KissMyAxe,"Amazing game to add to your guitar practice routine. I wouldn't recommend relying solely on Rocksmith to further your guitar playing, but if used in addition to normal practice, it's a great tool to either introduce the basic fundamentals to beginners, polish up some skills for more intermediate players or just to have some fun and learn some songs. Learning songs is very easy as you can slow down the songs or simplify them until you're comfortable enough to move up in difficulty/ speed. The ever-expanding library of available songs to add to your playlist is huge and you'll definitely find something to suit your tastes in the vast selection of DLC songs.The only small problem I've come across is in the dropped tunings (mainly Drop C), where the low notes don't always register.Overall 9.5/10"
,Recommended,221680,32331581,Posted: 10 June,all,BOT Fixer,"This game comes with quite a few learnable songs without spending any more money.It has some fantastic tools for learning the guitar.Go buy it, just not on steam. It's cheaper if you buy retail because you need to buy the cable anyway."
,Recommended,221680,10253755,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DElyMyth,"After years away from music playing, I decided to start getting guitar lessons a month ago, then I noticed RockSmith.It's not going to make me quit the lessons (a physical teacher can give you more feedback on your posture mistakes), but it's making the learning process more fun, and coupled with my normal lessons it's also getting me better at playing.It gives challenges that guide you through a personalized path, and helps you get a grip of the phrases where you encounter the most issues.The minigames in the guitarcade section also allow you to get better at scales, chords, and technique, besting your highscores and giving you a fun way to learn technique.Expensive (especially because you need external hardware), but well worth it!"
76561198065160472,Recommended,221680,8321861,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Billytough,If you play guitar this is for you(even if youve tried rocksmith 1 this one blows it out of the water)
,Recommended,221680,27176635,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/Hikikomori523,"You will absolutely learn how to play guitar exactly how its supposed to be played.  You can learn at your own pace and modify the learning experience to meet any need that you have.  If the song is too fast, you can slow it down,  too many notes, lets break it down and remove a few, or if you want to really learn a groove you can put it on repeat.  The song library is generous for all genres and the dlc is well worth its price.  You can make any guitar sound like a million bucks with the amp features.  If you want to play bass but only own a guitar, the game can also emulate bass.  This is the perfect education program to get into learning guitar.  If you already know guitar then you can pick it up easy, this is not Rockband or GuitarHero, you'll learn exactly how to play the song."
76561198096732775,Recommended,221680,28299057,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DIA,Don't go into this game thinking its going to teach you how become a guitar god or something like that. This game is more suitable for beginners than it is for intermediate players.Songs sound accurate but have weird note positions that make simpler songs more awkward to play. Game is good for finger  exercises and muscle development but not that good at ear training and or teaching more complex guitar techniques. Other problems I encountered were the game's difficulty in recognizing or even registering some notes. If you are playing through HDMI there will be some slight audio lag that is kind of annoying. Also make sure to use a guitar that is properly intonated because the notes higher up the fretboard will be misrecognized by the game.  Other than that its a pretty fun time killer I would reccommend buying it when its on sale.
,Recommended,221680,13398836,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Tenshi,"Just tons of fun really . Would highly recommend to new guitarists. I am having a blast with session mode all the effects you can use , and surely the cdlc and amount of songs that you can learn is also amazing ."
,Recommended,221680,8674599,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,[BASED] SUBCOMANDANTE☠SHAZZB0T,I was a loser with no confidence whatsoever before I started playing Rocksmith. Now I'm a loser with no confidence who can play Blitzkreig Bop sort of OK. Thanks Rocksmith!
,Recommended,221680,17127941,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Public NME #1,"Amazing learning game! Usually, I'm absolutely useless when it comes to instruments and all that, but Rocksmith is a great tool for learning how to play. Perfect balance of teaching lessons and popular songs to learn. The only downside I see about this is that the music is limited to songs that are available for purchase/download.All in all, excellent! I fully recommend this one :)"
,Recommended,221680,16634914,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,RvB Caboose,"Nice game, you'll go from strumming to chords to songs. The step up is a little high, nice game none the less. 8/10PS Also the California classic electric guitar is around 90 bucks on Monoprice, if you are looking to buy a cheap solid made guitar for the game."
,Recommended,221680,21443465,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,DeathThreatUK,"Ever wanted to try out the guitar? Or maybe you laready own one, and you need help geting good at it? This might be the tool you need.When the first RockSmith came out, it was a novel idea, but not a new one. Games had tried to teach people to play music for real before, and the guitar was no stranger to this. But what made RockSmith good in my eyes was that it actually worked. It didn't just drop you in the deep end and say 'go', it helped you get through each riff step by step until you could play them note for note without even seeing them on screen.But it wasn't without it's faults and shortcomings. Thankfully, that's where this version comes in.The 2014 version added many features to the game, but it's overall shape became much less of a 'game', so to speak. The score you earn for each song is outright removed (available in a seperate mode if you still want that though) so now learning a song only tracked your progress in learning it. You still have objectives to clear, but these are all again geared towards advancing your learning of the instrument. While bass guitar was added late in the first game, here it's a native choice to play bass. And for both the guitar and the bass, the style of playing guitar has taken leaps forward. Gone is the options of learning a chord ttrack, single note track and combo track for each song; Now they exist as a much more sensible Rhythm and Lead option, alongside the Bass.Playing the instrument itself is now much clearer too. Many styles of guitar and bass play that were sorely absent from the last game, such as two-hand tapping, pinch harmonies, fret hand muting, and slapping and popping for bass, are now in the game for you to learn, alongside a far more accurate slide and bend notation, that actually shows you how far to bend the string this time and where to raise or lower the bend as the note carries on.But if you ever want to make it just  little more 'fun', then the returning Guitarcade can perhaps help you there, featuring a much nicer looking set of games to help you learn guitar play while under pressure. As earlier mentioned, there is also a new Score Attack mode for those that still want to chase the leaderboards with their songs, and it also features the ability for you to fail out now, meaning you'll have to know what you're playing before you come in here.Last but certainly not least, Session Mode. An entirely new addition, this is a more free-form jam mode that allows you to play your own riffs and have an AI band back you up. It also helps teach you the different scales. A very useful addition for those looking to move beyond playing cover songs.Overall, RockSmith 2014 is an improvement over the first game in far too many ways to count at this point. You'll need a decent rig to run it, mind, but if you're looking for a good fun tool to get you somewhere on guitar, there isn't really anything else out there that meets this standard.As long as you can get the RealTone Cable, of course."
,Recommended,221680,11586752,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Rose,"There are two things Rocksmith 2014 stands for.One is that it's the most fun and probably the easiest way to learn to play guitar. You may have zero knowledge about music and musical instruments yet still play the game and get results. It will teach you everything you need to start playing and creating music - from how to attach the strap to the guitar to more advanced things like slapping or using effects pedals (available within the game).Another thing is that even if you're already a good guitar player, you can still enjoy playing Rocksmith. There are over 50 songs of different genres and decades you can play along with. You can have a friend connect their bass guitar and join you, or you can even sing in the mic. You can also treat the game as something to beat, by mastering all the songs without any visual help from the game. You also get to experiment with the large amount of sound effects Rocksmith provides. Still not happy? Try the mini-games with leaderboards. Beat the world or just your Uplay friends at sliding, playing chords, scales and so on. And if that doesn't satisfy, the Session Mode will give you a band that can equip a variety of instruments related to many genres to create a rhythm for you or support you adjusting to the way you play.All in all, it's a must-buy if you have an electric guitar or a bass. The amount of money invested totally pays off, even if you buy the Import tool to get the tracks from the original Rocksmith or choose to add more songs by buying separate DLCs from well-known bands like KISS, AFI, Muse or The Police (Sting).Having a music teacher, finding a band, guitar tabs, buying amps, effects pedals or a dedicated computer program that would emulate these would require way more money and effort."
,Recommended,221680,30927190,Posted: 3 April,all,RaptorDave,Fingers hurt! Hard to type! Blood on keyboard! 10/10!
,Recommended,221680,10924642,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NadgoB,"This ""game"" is a must for someone who would like to start playing the guitar and does not know how to get into it. I did this and then started learning some music theory to, just to expand my abilities and understanding of music. It is rather a tool than a all in all guitar experience, do not fool yourself into thinking that you can be a guitar player just by following this simple yet addictive teaching platform.Now, first of all, it does not have everything, it misses the human interaction but I guess, it excuses a real teacher from having to wait for you to get better. You can learn at your own pace without having to get distracted, it is just you and your will to learn. Now, that is fine as long as you do not resume your learning to just that of the game, it is fun, simple and addictive, but why not take it further and start learning music like a pro? You can do this but only outside the game, as Rocksmith 2014 does not teach music theory, only techniques define-related to guitar or bass.The presentation of the game and menus are nice and they tell you exactly what to do, but it can get overwhelming sometimes, as too many representations of notes on screen will get you into believing it is all a sad joke. After a while you get used to the pace and start playing by memory because simple eye-hand coordination from the display wouldn't normaly be enough to play, it is that fast.It has a guitarcade, an area of the game where you do stupid-fun games to further enhance your skills, these are fun laid back games, made for gamers. These minigames are difficult and they will better your dexterity and skills with the guitar, a nice addition to a good package.It also has a session mode, where you jam with your guitar in different rithms and beats accompanied by other simulated instruments. The way you sing and the pace you give the play will make the instruments come to a good play and you can sing like this for hours. Great mode!I will give this a 9/10 for minor bugs and crashes. The only downside is that it can only be compared to it's earlier version, Rocksmith. It is a great and simple tool to make you start playing the guitar. If it does this I guess it serves it's purpose."
,Recommended,221680,25396929,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,AerialManiac,"As a game, it's slightly better than mediocre, but as a guitar trainer, it's phenomenal! I'm a week into the 60-day challenge, and already feel more confident playing. It's not for everybody, and can get expensive once you start buying songs you want to learn, but keep at it, and you will have a skill once it's over."
,Recommended,221680,8900694,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Gryphonboy,"Simply the best software for learning to play the guitar. Hands down. If you play the guitar or want to learn how to, this is the best way to get good. Fast."
76561197999202380,Recommended,221680,13977939,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Gibbs,"I can live peacefully now knowing that my rock dream can and will come true. Being a 38 year old virgin living in his mom's basement has really taught me to be humble and to love everything about sex, drugs and rock and roll. I'm already buying my first kilo of cocaine and learn to speed ball. God save the Queen."
,Recommended,221680,33905013,Posted: 30 July,all,@teinekin,Half a year since I started playing this I can honestly say I have gone way further into becoming a bassist than I ever expected. Thanks for changing my life!
76561198098210577,Recommended,221680,23877192,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Anonymoose,A great way to practice and learn.
,Recommended,221680,27036239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"Rocksmith 2014 is the only game in the world that makes good on its promise to teach you an actual real-life skill, and it's super fun every step of the way. The Remastered Edition takes what was already a solid A game and polishes it up to an A+ with bug fixes, UI improvements, and so on.If I had to spend the rest of my life on an island with only one video game, it would be this one. Purchase it if you are even slightly interested in learning to play guitar and/or bass.EDIT: I forgot to mention the most important thing - the custom songs! The game has an enormous community of creators who make custom songs that are 100% free to play and function exactly like official songs. Check out the database here, there are literally thousands.http://ignition.customsforge.com/"
76561197994683887,Recommended,221680,23054367,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Morbius Morte,You WILL learn the guitar.
,Recommended,221680,30725996,Posted: 25 March,all,delisimo,"I recently purchased Rocksmith® as I had seen quite a few good reviews and wanted to give it a shot. Keep in mind that you may have to purchase the Real Tone Cable ($28 USD) unless you have a good microphone to use.I've been playing guitar for about 30 years. The first thing that I did was set up the Settings to Never played Rocksmith®>Beginner>Lead Guitar>Lessons. I wanted to see how helpful the game was to someone that has never played a guitar before and quickly found out that it wasnot very beginner friendly. I tried the same Settings as Rhythm instead of lead and came to the same conclusion, a new player may get seriously frustrated with learning from this game.The Guitarcade seemed really thrown together in comparison to the rest of the game.My first attempt at difficulty set to Master (which does not even show the tab during the song) I received a platinum score that placed me around 800 out of 18,000+ other players. With even the slightest delay, it can affect your score, so I'm sure I can do better if I can sort out the latency issues.The game is fun for someone thatalready knows how to play, but I would never trade the lessons I received for what they are trying to sell here. I would highly recommend that you get personal training over this 60-day sales pitch.The one thing I can say that I currently like about this game is the preset tones for each song. They did a really great job on that part and if I can fix the latency issue, I can see myself enjoying the game a little more.However, I can't say that I'm shocked at the amount of money you must dump into purchasing additional songs. After I added all the songs available to my cart, the total hit $2,000+ USD... To sum things up on Rocksmith®: If you’re new to guitar, don’t jump straight into something like this. Take the time, spend the money and learn from a human first. Buy this game later to have some fun."
,Recommended,221680,26326569,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Cuervo,"Great peice of software, I really do feel like i am learning guitar. Along with some great and classic songs there are a few more alternative selections which is great. If you feel like learning guitar or learning a new song this is a great and fun way to do it."
,Recommended,221680,24982020,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Cornelix,"Great for learning new songs! I've learned so much through this game, thanks!"
,Recommended,221680,31610811,Posted: 7 May,all,PBofficial,"What you get out of Rocksmith® 2014 Edition - Remastered depends heavily on how you treat it. It's important to realise that it is not a complete learning program but rather the ultimate practice tool and is best used to supplement other learning avenues, be they YouTube videos, books, or classes with a tutor."
,Recommended,221680,34138078,Posted: 9 August,all,Grandpa,"If you are a gamer and a guitar player, you will love this game! I's a great way to combine your gaming addiction with your other hobbies. Even though this game was a little bit pricey, I do not regret buying it. I loved every single minute that I have spent playing my favourite songs.PROS:- Helps you to improve your guitar skills.- Provides you with an opportunity to learn your favourite songs.- If you are not fast enough, you can always slow down the song until you get used to the pace.CONS:- Pricey. You will have to purchase a cable to connect your guitar to your PC."
,Recommended,221680,15356075,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Viggo,"Like guitar hero, but with actual guitars."
76561198093505291,Recommended,221680,26200644,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Peaceless,"Rocksmith is a game that attempts to teach guitar via a Tab-like medium not unlike ""Rock Band"" or ""Guitar Hero"" type of games, but via real instruments connected to the computer. This kind of software has its benefits and shortcomings, though in my opinion Rocksmith is one of the best solutions of this type today.I will begin and say I am a Bassist and have spent about two minutes on this game playing guitar. So 99% of this review goes towards the Rocksmith Bass experience.PROS:- Learning an instrument requires repetition. ALOT of repetition. Rocksmith takes these repetitive basic exercises and makes them fun! Learning accurate slides is annoying? Not if it helps a ninja jump from pole to pole! Skipping strings is boring? Not if it saves a bar from an invasion of drunken cowboys!- One of the best ways to get motivated to play more is playing songs. But most songs are too hard for a beginner to play. Rocksmith has a solution for this: Dynamic Difficulty. According to your experience in the game (i.e. success rate and playing time), the game suggests songs and even changes the amount of notes shown in order for people of all levels to feel their gradual success at playing songs.- The game does not expect you to get new things on your own. There are instructional videos about every technique used in the songs, and you can always practice these techniques separately until you can use them in the songs.- The game has a humongous variety of songs, and in addition to them, a huge database of FREE user-made DLC that you can get from customsforge. It's all legal and requires you to buy one DLC song - Cherub Rock by Smashing Pumpkins.- The game also lets you play around with various amplifiers, cabinets and effects. Can't really say much about this one, since I never use this function, but it exists so nyah. (Unfortunately there is no expression pedal input so no WahWah and the flangers are automatic only).CONS:- It's very easy to mistake the game for a full fledged course in music. Musical Theory, a very large part of playing music, goes completely ignored. I can understand that - it's much more complicated and less hands-on, so basically the developers would spend alot of time creating content that almost nobody would use.- Despite what they say in the trailer, you will never remember the songs you play in the game unless you practice them separately. I think it has something to do with processing efficiency of our brain - once it decides the song does not have to be memorized to play it (because the notes run around the screen), you simply won't remember anything you'd play. This is true for ALL the games of this type.- I think the order of the song, by difficulty, in this game is kind of wrong, and was much better in the first RS version. They might've fixed it in the Remastered version. 100 hours is enough for the game to automatically suggest everything on ultra-hard difficulty so I may have a wrong experience about this.- The ""Real Tone"" cable that needs to be used with this game has its limits. First and firmost - it's really bad for Bass guitars. It can't read sustain unless your guitar is Active and Neckthrough and has a huge amount of overtones (Tested with a Fender Precision and Cort A4 - Precision has more sustain but the game thinks the A4 does). Second, its driver is really bad, so if your guitar is quiet and the microphone driver for the cable needs to be turned up, you will have to turn it up every launch of the game.All in all, it is a very solid game that can definitely give a huge boost to beginners, and breathe new life into practicing for pros. I recommend. If you grab RS1 and the RS transfer DLC, you will get like 60 songs for $30 so it's also a good deal."
76561198030301555,Recommended,221680,29426131,Posted: 22 January,all,V4p3 N4710N,"Having issues feeling my fingers and raising my arms after playing 5 straight hours of this game. If you need motivation, this game will provide it. Makes things fun and interesting, I even enjoying doing beginner lessons that are far below my playing ability."
76561198041452772,Recommended,221680,26180720,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,tjienta.vara,"In December of 2015 I bought rockband 4 and I loved it, but I wished I could use an actual guitar I did a bit of reseach and found Rocksmith 2014. 10 months later I have played 483 hours of Rocksmith, and just loving every minute of it, and each time I play I am quantifiable getting better.I've had some conversations with other people playing Rocksmith and it seems everyone learns in a different way. Rocksmith excels by giving you many tools to learn in a way that feels most natural to you as a player. You can just ""Learn a song"", use the ""Riff repeater"" to hammer in a specific part of a song, use the ""Arcade"" to learn specific technices, use ""Session mode"" to learn improvising, and ""Lessons"" to learn the theory and practice technices.Here is how I use Rocksmith. I play pretty much only use ""Learn a song"" without the Riff repeater. During my session I will go through many songs. I think this trains me to do sight reading, and being able to play anything that comes my way. In fact when I buy a DLC, Rocksmith will start me off at pretty high difficulty as it is tracking how well I play songs for the first time.There have been many cases where a song is too hard to even do at the easiest levels when I started out, I just exited the song with 30 seconds. Yesterday I thought I would try them again, and although it was only at about 40% difficulty I was able to finish the songs this time with 80% accuracy. It gives me a very good feeling to all of a sudden being able to play a song after having to quit in frustration just a few months ago."
76561198060133140,Recommended,221680,21197726,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Emperor Palpatine,"Works really well when configured properly, it's very sensitive with the calibration and sound settings, but once you get past that and the tuning you're good to go!!! Definitely helped me get better at guitar and is continuing to teach me. I don't know about the 60 day challenge, but I (and probably most people) don't have time to dedicate 2 or 3 hours each day to the guitar to do that challenge, but regardless it will help you and what you learn you won't forget. I stopped playing Rocksmith for a couple months, but one I picked it back up, it didn't take very longer for me to get past my previous playing level. There's a huge selection of songs, so give it a try."
,Recommended,221680,25023578,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Sup...™,I've had this game across two platforms and all I have to say is this game WILL help you learn guitar or bass. Make sure to pick up the Cherub Rock DLC so you can get Customs.
,Recommended,221680,25805354,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lenchantin,"I've always dabbled with bass, but never got really serious with it. Now I find myself reaching for perfection in certain songs and trying to improve my skills. While some of the guitarcade games don't work very well with bass, the songs are fun to learn, and mastering a song gives you a true sense of accomplishment while you learn a skill.Rocksmith has inspired me to go beyond the game and pick up some theory and technique books, as well as seeking out information on how to become a hobbiest Luthier and build my own guitar for fun. (Why not, right?) I'm sure everyone's experience will be different -- some may approach it like Guitar Hero and play it only as a game, others (and most of us) will use it to learn a few tunes.I was a mediocre bassist before, but I truly think RockSmith has given me a better understanding on how to play. It's a great starting point for learning, and also excellent to learn some of your favorite songs.Beware, you will probably get calloused fingers. ;)"
76561198034917028,Recommended,221680,25829510,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Blue 私は猫です,"Great game!* I play bass and I don't have any tuning issue, all my notes are recognized perfectly. Just be careful to turn up the volume of your bass or guitar to the maximum, otherwise the game will definitely miss a few notes. *When I started I had never ever played bass in my entire life. This game teaches you a lot through lessons and adjusts the difficulty according to your level... And when you start from ground zero, it's such an amazing feeling to finally get 100% on a song - even if it's the easiest one hahaWhen I felt more confident with my skills, I've actually spent some time learning songs outside the game and the rythm and maniabilty skils you get from the game perfectly transfers into ""real"" playing. I'm far away from being a pro yet, there are some techniques and positioning I definetly have to work on, but this game is a very fun way to practice and keeps you motivated everyday.PS: if you play bass (I guess guitar players don't have this problem), remember to turn up the bass volume in the game and turn down the other instruments a bit, just to hear what you're playing more clearly."
76561197987324143,Recommended,221680,9871619,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,GoatsHeadSoup,"OK, so I have played this game for 24 hours now and I feel like I can give a decent review of it. Suffice it to say that I love it! It is a really engaging way to learn to play the guitar. There's hundreds of songs to learn to play, dozens of games to play, and lots of video lessons to take. There are exercises at the end of each lesson so you can test yourself to see how well you've mastered each one. The games are pretty cool, each game covers a different playing technique, so if you feel like you might need more practice in a specific area of playing there is most likely a game that corresponds to that certain skill, i.e. scale games to build speed and learn the notes and scales and chord games to build up your set of chords and to learn to shift between them.Learning to play the songs is by far the best part of the game to me. You might want to check out the game thoroughly to see if the DLC and the core game has music that you like! I know the game is called ROCKsmith, so if you are a country music fan and want to learn by playing country tunes, you might be a bit disappointed by the absence of country tunes in the game. I can see that the devs really try to keep a healthy mix of rock tune styles, which I really enjoy. I have heard a lot of songs that I would not have ever have had the chance to hear if it were not for Rocksmith-it really has broadened my musical horizons, as it were.I am still on the ""easy"" levels but I can feel myself inproving. I really look forward to practicing my guitar now because I truly enjoy playing Rocksmith 2014.Lastly, the other people on Steam that play the game are pretty cool. I can say without reservation that Rocksmith 2014 has the best Steam Community that I have ever seen. There's lots of help and support and friendship from the other Rocksmith players should you ever need it.Get it! Play it! Love it!"
,Recommended,221680,10951865,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,thejohnnewton,"This game rocks, literally.  Great for motivating you to practice.  You will need to seek additional instruction outside the game if you choose to continue your musical journey playing guitar/bass but this is a fun way to get started and is usefull for both the beginner and long time player."
,Recommended,221680,9263981,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,kOS,"Started off not knowing how to pick a string in the first Rocksmith, Now I can play the very difficult songs in this game."
,Recommended,221680,22985958,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Th3xAvenger,This game does exactly what is says if you put in the time and effort you will gain the muscle memory to really play these songs without the game. I have learned several of these songs and am able to play by memory I really love this game.
,Recommended,221680,8549333,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,TinyPirate,THIS ARE GREAT
,Recommended,221680,17682359,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Blinky126,"Just started playing again and I have finaly got Rocksmith on pc, Best game/teaching software, ive only played a few hours and i have already learned alot. 10/10"
,Recommended,221680,23176906,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,BlackDino,*Bass players perspective*So i picked this game up a while ago on PS4After not having fun and learning on that i thought i would give it another try on PCAnd i have to say this is the most fun ive had playing an instrumentIts because of this game im passing music this year at schoolIm also learning how to play the guitar off this and its the easiest learning system ive usedThe fact that i can pick up a bass or guitar and learn a song in a few days while being showed and letting the game adjust to your learning style is amazingI Highly recommend getting this and learning an instumentThe high range of cheap and fun DLC songs will keep you entertained and learning in the long runSo yeaBuy this and learn easily
,Recommended,221680,29673114,Posted: 3 February,all,Ninjalbino,"A complete must have for all beginners. My initial impression was the game throwing you into a song and you trying to hit the notes in the same fashion as a regular rhythm game, however on top of a dynamic difficulty system, where the game adjusts to your skill level, it offers in-depth tutorials to a variety of the most important guitar playing tricks and techniques every guitar/bass player should know. The real tone cable required to play the game is definitely overpriced, but well worth the investment, as it also feels a lot more fulfilling to learn a song with the music and other instrumentals playing in the background as opposed to trying to learn a song on your own, pondering whether the melody you're playing even sounds right.In short, if you wanna learn guitar/bass consistently, this is an option well worth considering."
,Recommended,221680,32128029,Posted: 2 June,all,xyymx,very  nice game!!! If you play guitar
,Recommended,221680,30673299,Posted: 22 March,all,AppleSandles,"Rocksmith is a great tool to learn how to play guitar, whether it be from just playing along to the songs, playing the games to get to learn some of the techniques (Tremelo, Harmonics, Volume Dynamics, String Skipping) or even just jamming along to a band of your choosing.This game is great, it has some great songs on it for beginners (like R U Mine?, Blitzkreig Bop) and great songs for expert players as well (Satch Boogie, Bat Country, The Spirit of Radio, and The Trooper). If none of those fit your taste, there is also the 1000+ DLC songs to choose from, with everything from Metal Bands with shredding solos, to bands with more Pop-Oriented chord progressions and bass lines. Overall, its a great game for music fans, and for those who want to learn a type of guitar, whether it be Lead, Rhythm, or Bass, its great for everyone... And its a great Transition from Guitar Hero/ Rock Band."
76561198079316266,Recommended,221680,22181325,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Some Guy in Utah,"Best tool out there for learning guitar. Lesson mode is really helpful and has helped me a ton. I've only ever looked up tabs before so I had no idea how to properly play but the game teaches you proper technique making it much easier to play. Pretty good song selection on base game but has TONS of dlc you can get.Session mode is a blast, tons of different options for instruments the game throws in to play with you as you warm up or just mess around.Arcade mode is pretty cool too, uses 80's style arcade mini games to help you practice scales, chords, and much more!If you've got a guitar get this game. If you don't go get one."
76561198008628301,Recommended,221680,8349323,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mouse,"I've only learned how to play guitar through Rocksmith and RS2014. I've played for almost a year and can master most songs. If you have the money and are interested in learning an instrument (guitar) buy this game! You won't regret it! I would recommend looking through the songs Rocksmith and RS2014 offer and then Youtube-ing them to see how they are played in game to see how awesome you will become! Don't get me wrong...your fingers will hurt, you will get upset with some techniques, and you will never want to tune a damn guitar again while getting use to the game. The outcome of being able to play was extremely cheap though...This game actually teaches you a skill that can be displayed away from a damn PC. If you are debating on it please contact me! I will try to help you with any questions you have! \m/ ROCK ON \m/"
,Recommended,221680,29038409,Posted: 5 January,all,xGio12,"This game is 100% percent worth every penny, it has let me learn an instument that I love to play even if I'm not a pro it still seems like i improve every time i play a song. CDLC is awesome, the DLC that you can get is great and the community is very nice and welcoming. I would recommend this game for anyone looking for a new way to learn guitar."
,Recommended,221680,30051923,Posted: 19 February,all,AxLShiv,"Was unbeatable at guitar hero,real guitar?bring it on.......plunk....plink...ting...................well♥♥♥♥♥♥50 hours later) knows every single arctic monkeys song off by heart.10/10 would give up social life again"
,Recommended,221680,13440442,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,JackRB,"This game rocks, literally!"
,Recommended,221680,30645929,Posted: 20 March,all,Krazy Burd,Helped me learn the basics for guitar playing a great starter tool but should definately venture outside of the game once one learns the basics.. game gets very boring after awhile (400+ hrs)
76561198073786779,Recommended,221680,34922873,Posted: 13 September,all,leavemetoperish,"This game is great for all those out there who have the same issues when they practice and get bored and feel they have made no progress over that time they have been playing this game makes it fun and increases difficulty based off that so you keep on improving ,   Tip when your in a song and there is a part that you just cant seem to get down or there is somthing your having alot of difficulty with  slow it down  put it down to 25% speed and work your way up  when you go threw somthing a bit slower it makes a world of diffrence and will get you the technique you need to get it"
,Recommended,221680,19920039,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,labtob,"Get it while it's cheap! You will still have to buy the real-tone cable, somehow.I've played guitar for over 20 years, on and off.  When I picked up Rocksmith a little over a year ago, I didn't think I'd be playing it on a daily basis.  It's a good stress relief and learning tool.The 'bass emulation' feature has got to be my favorite option, since I don't own a real bass guitar, I can use my electric six string instead and have the software mimic a bass tone.Get it if you know how to play guitar and wanna have fun and maybe learn more.Get it if you're a guitar noob and want a fun and easy way to learn guitar or your favorite songs.PS:  There's a large community site that offers 'customs' of songs made by the community from real songs.  There's thousands to download and the community is pretty active."
,Recommended,221680,8690868,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Lookin' Fresh,It's fun.
,Recommended,221680,14440412,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Rockstar,"""not enough linkin park""- 11/10 IGNneeds rings of saturn too"
,Recommended,221680,7545397,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Crevan Embrust,"LONG OVERDUE:I stopped using Steam to play this game and I now use a pirated version that still supports custom songs. This game no longer does that. I suggest that no one ever pay this company for a copy of this game again.Playing acoustic with books and sheet music/tabs for a year hasn't gotten me the experience I've had in a week with this game. No more stumbling around or being unsure how to hold your hand for a certain chord. Rocksmith has everything easily explained, as complicated as it knows you can play, rewarding with levels of progression, and an awesome session mode. It suggested I play along with it's band for 10 minutes, and I was locked in learning scales and chords for two hours. A cheap guitar is 100 bucks at your local pawn shop and the cable you can order online. This game is good for your soul and you need to be playing it.EDIT:300 hours later and I can say this:My fingers have hurt for the last year. I play as much without the game as I do with it now, maybe more. I'm making my own music, meeting new people, and I feel like I'm developing a skill worthwhile.I don't know how many people have asked me ""Does it really work?"" or ""How long have you been playing this?""This game is motivation. Without it, I might stop a painful riff after 5 or 6 reps of it. When a song is 7 mins long and you've gotta repeat that thing 100 times, it whips the ♥♥♥♥♥ little ""uggn... my FINGERS huuurt..."" into shape and keeps pain levels at maximum. When you finish a song over 95% when a quarter through the song you were sure you wouldn't make it? Best of feels.I mean, I rocked out to ""Killing in the name of"" on bass so hard the first time I caused my fingers to bleed. I didn't notice bleeding fingers I was so into it.I'd notice bleeding fingers if I was playing TF2."
,Recommended,221680,7482250,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Shaun,"Ever had an interest in learning to play guitar? Or Love music rhythm games, well this is for you.Personally from my experience so far, Rocksmith 2014 is much more polished and with lots of new fun features in the new 2014 edition to the first release, arcade games are better and the learning process for each song has improved too with feedback and recommendations after you play, built in video guitar lessons from professionals (which are very good), and you learn at your own pace. Even if you cannot play guitar after playing this you will be able to learn to play or enjoy playing a simpler version of the song with the simplified notes.Also another thing is back in high school i took guitar lessons, and played guitar but i never actually played a song from start to finish, usually just random riffs or just mucking about, but Rocksmith makes learning the song and practicing even just a single song for hours fun.Also for a low price, if you own a guitar and don’t already own this game, I recommend giving this a go, Super fun, and makes even the boring and hard part of learning guitar extremely fun, and having the progress bar is extremely nice to see how well you are doing and the game motivates you to try and 100% master the song. Also for musicians the Jam sessions have intelligent Ai to Jam with which is pretty cool.Only issues I had was a little audio lag, and also the volume on my High E and sometimes the B string might not get recognized however takes a bit of time calibrating the right settings, but once everything is all set up and sounding nicely, it’s a very fun game and fastest guitar learning software & game out there."
76561198083233519,Recommended,221680,25715865,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,glibjoe,"1) Most people who don't like this game are having issues with installing it. Or there's a conflict of some kind on their computer. Or they're using a 3rd party cable.2) The overwhelming majority of people are able to install it without problems and get it up and running in no time.3) The game is fast. There is little to no delay or loading time between songs or exercises.4) Session Mode ALONE is worth many times the price of purchase. It allows you to select from among dozens of different instruments to create a backing band and jam in any key and in any scale in any style of music. And it shows you the notes in that scale on the fretboard so you can learn the scale and work on your improvisation. Not only that, but the band REACTS to the way you play -- softer, louder, faster, etc. Not too long ago professional musicians paid thousands to set up backing track systems that weren't NEARLY this sophisticated.5) There are 55 or so songs from multiple genres to play, plus hundreds of downloadable tracks.6) There are several mini-games that teach guitar skills for those starting out and for those who are rusty. Back in the day, you had to practice alternate picking/chords/bending/scales etc. by rote.7) The game has a Riff Repeater where you can take sections (or the whole song) and slow them down and practice it until you have it down.8) You and a friend can play along with the songs or with Session Mode at the same time: Guitar/guitar, bass/bass, guitar/bass.9) There are lessons with video demonstrations and practice sessions for most guitar techniques. Even tapping!!!If you, or anyone you know, are at all interested in playing guitar or bass, this is, by far, the best money you will ever spend.ps Some people have problems with note recognition. That is, you play the note correctly but it doesn't register. If this is happening it's probable that your guitar's input level isn't high enough due to quiet pickups, guitar volume not being high enough, or your cable input isn't high enough. When it asks you to ""make some noise"" it's calibrating the input level. If you strum with regular force, it will turn up the input to an appropriate level. (You can re-calibrate at any time through the menu.) If you strum too hard it will set the input so that when you play at regular levels it won't always pick up your notes. When calibrated correctly, the game picks up notes perfectly on both guitar and bass."
,Recommended,221680,24246843,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Vulpes Ignis,"Do you want to learn to play the guitar/bass guitar then get this game. Hundreds of songs to chose from (although 99% of them must be bought first) and different difficulties to help you in the journey to becoming the next Jimi Hendix, Dave Mustaine, Slash, or whoever your favourite guitar player is. Metal, rock, even jazz lessons are included in this game.However, more gamemodes can be added into the game to make it less frustrating to learn to play a song, and the cable is VERY expensive. 45$ for the cable from Ubisoft, because other cheaper cables like this dont work with the game.9/10 Get it if you like playing the guitar."
,Recommended,221680,23223906,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Jezza,"I could already play guitar/bass to a substantial level before I bought this game, however, the game has tought me a thing or two about the guitar. I would definitely recommend this game to someone who wants to start playing the guitar as songs start off extremely simple and then eventually get to their full dificulty. But before you buy, make sure you have the Rocksmith cable, or else you will not be able to connect your instrument to the computer."
,Recommended,221680,29105942,Posted: 7 January,all,steviefar,"Finally I can pluck a G string, Drop E, and finger a minor on Steam!I feel I have progressed more in a day than in the last few year bumbling around by myself with a guitar. The jam sessions are good for learning timing and practising scales. The song lessons seem easy at first just having you play key notes, but it ramps up according to your level and gives you feedback on your performance, the goal being to eventually play every note perfect and master the song.The only downer is you need the cable for the full experience and it is overpriced, make sure you get the game in a steam sale and then the cable price is a bit more palateble."
,Recommended,221680,24151040,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Nicolás Maduro,"Great software.  A couple of problems though;-The biggest complaint is the lack of complete tablature for any songs.  Notes flying at you make it difficult to practice song sections, and I have to resort to pausing and looking at the notes through the pause screen.-You cannot pause properly in Riff Repeater mode; if you go to the pause menu, you then either have to reset the sequence or if you resume it bugs out and plays the song normally.Besides that, I'm having a of fun playing through the set list of 50 something songs.  The note detection is fairly accurate, and the game has a lot of tools and modes from tuners for different set ups (Standard E, Drop D...) to a jam mode with a virtual band.  Not much latency on the cable either (using their official one).  As an intermediate player who hasn't played guitar recently, helped me brush up and hone my skills a lot and it's damn good fun to play through some of the song arrangements."
,Recommended,221680,8512317,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Samulus Von Gotham,"From my controversial review from the 1st Rocksmith game - it seems that certain individuals persist on crushing your hopes and dreams of one day playing with Clapton at the Albert Hall. He knows who he is and is what I like to call a ""life speed bump"". By destroying your spirit by shouting ""FREE BIRD!!!"" everytime you go on TeamSpeak, he will try to make you fail at every hurdle. Ignore him / blank him completely if they try and stop you from playing guitar and this game.This game is a fantastic improvement from the original Rocksmith game - if you want to learn guitar, then get this game. It will be a better way to spend your time rather than wasting it on WoW, GTA etc..."
,Recommended,221680,9188557,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,arleas,"Back in the day when Guitar Hero and Rock Band became popular, I used to think how cool it would be if you could do the same thing but with real instruments.  Well, I've only put 10 hours into this so far, but it's very useful for learning to play guitar.The starting selection of songs is OK with at least one or two songs I wanted to learn to play.  The prices for some of the DLC songs is a bit much for my liking but assuming they keep adding to the list of songs it may very well prove to be a case where I'd actually WANT to purchase and use the DLC.  Right now I think I can live without them (especially since I'm still very much a beginner).You've got basically a set of lessons for everything from how to hold the guitar and manually tuning it all the way up to some complicated techniques.  These include practice lessons so you can demonstrate to the game that you've mastered it (except for the first few lessons that don't include actually playing).  From what I've seen, most of these lessons can be taken from 0% to 100% mastery in no time at all, though some of the techniques are tricky enough that it could take some hard work to get it down.The Voice Over/Teacher in the game does his best to sound non-intimidating, but can instead come off sounding insincere, especially when you know that you flubbed the lesson and he says ""good job!"" at the end.  Then again, at least one point he told me I needed more work and yet another time I was told ""it could be worse"".  Gee, Thanks.Your other options include ""Learn a Song"", Session Play (where you have a virtual backup band play for you), and the guitarcade.  Learn a song is self-explanatory, Session Play could be fun when you're ready to jam assuming you can tell the backup band just which chords you want to play, and the Guitarcade is a great way to practice without it feeling dull.I've played a bit of the guitarcade to help familiarize myself with the guitar and it's slowly helping.  I can feel myself reaching for the right strings more often, and hitting the proper frets without having to look quite as much.  I am not sure I exactly agree with their system of levelling up on these games, but that helps to give you a secondary goal to just increasing your score.Speaking of goals, this game is chock full of them.  Sometimes the game will decide it's time you looked at a new song, or tried a new mode, and other times the game considers you need more practice with chords and sends you to the guitarcade to work on it.  This is kind of a nice feature, but it feels too random at some times.   Other times the goals make more sense, like when you're learning a song, it may recommend you work on a particularly hard phrase.However, It can be rather demanding for a newbie.  When you first learn a song, it tells you to play one note on one string and that's it.  After you demonstrate you can do this ONCE it may decide to up the ante and now you're playing two notes on two strings.  Just when you think you're getting the hang of it, it throws more at you until you feel like you're overwhelmed again.  I would like to feel like I've made progress first before going into the harder territory.  I think there's a way to reset progress on a song but that could put you too far back.At least when you're using the ""Riff Repeater"" you can choose how much it throws at you, for how long, how many times you have to play it before it moves on, if it should get harder or not, etc.  The riff repeater is probably the best thing about learning a song since you can customize it fully.The store has tagged this mistakenly as having Uplay.   The game itself does not require Uplay at all though.  It doesn't show up in my list of games on Uplay when I do launch it, and even though I am given the option of logging into Uplay, it's through the game with an email and password only...No Client running in the background.Also, the Rocksmith website offers a ""60 day Challenge"", where you can show your progress from complete beginner to novice guitar player in just 60 days.  The caveat to this is that they expect you to play at least one full hour per day, and the timer doesn't run unless you're actively in a lesson, learning a song, doing the guitarcade or whatever.Steam at this time says I've played for 11.4 hours, Ubisoft says I've played for 3 hours and 44 minutes and the 60 day challenge website says I've done 2 days worth of practice. :(I was going to update this at 60 game hours but that  blew right by so fast I had no idea it was gone. Instead I'm editing this at the 60 day mark since I got the game.  Can I play a song 100% No... almost though.  I've got a couple in the 80%-90% range right now.Next update when Ubisoft thinks I've completed their challenge.  It seems to only record 1 day of the challenge if I've spent at least 2 hours in game (not in menus)."
76561198008332333,Recommended,221680,14580009,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,MedievalNutjob,"Keeps the gamer and musician in me amused and entertained.In fact, there was no musician in me, technically at least, until I used this software to keep me playing frequently.Good stuff, 600 hours and counting."
,Recommended,221680,15483342,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,GuitarStallion,"This is a great game, I have learned a lot through it. I started to play guitar all by myself with only tabs and backtracks but felt like i still missed something while learning, Rocksmith helped a lot on this."
,Recommended,221680,15051780,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Bushy,Seriously if you want to learn the guitar GET THIS GAME
76561198031911313,Recommended,221680,25581520,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,jerk0400,"Rocksmith is an amazing way to improve your guitar & bass playing abilities, jam, learn new songs, and even discover new artists.I've been playing bass guitar since I was 16. I haven't been in a band for 5 years and it's hard to stay sharp and find time to practise. Also, bass is a pretty boring instrument to play by yourself. I continue to write and produce music independently and Rocksmith is a great way to get through the grind of practise.The game works great with my basses and electric guitar. It also works really well with my classical acoustic (which has a built in pickup). The acoustic has been a very fun way to play too since I have the heavy guitar tone coming out my headphones, but I can hear the body of the acoustic as well which confirms that I'm actually playing something nice.I had no idea I like Metalcore, but after playing an Avenge Sevenfold track on bass I've spent my whole weekend mastering all of their songs. Thanks Ubisoft!I've played with the settings and have only 2ms latency with the real tone cable which I'm very comfortable playing with. My DAW tpyically runs at 5ms, so as an audio processing app it's pretty legit. There are also amp modelling modes and an effects board. The tones in this mode are really great, however it is difficult to use the menus to really dive deep into all the functions. My guess is that the menus were designed for console and not PC.One thing that I would love would be the ability to set my own tuning in the game and have the tracks update as per my bass config. I play a 5-string bass so for a SOAD song I can just as easily play on the low-B rather than tuning my whole setup to drop C. Also some songs are very reliant on open notes which I personally don't like, I'd like to be able to say rather than going open D, playing the 5th fret on the A string. This is all nit picky stuff though, the game is amazing.The songs bundled with the game cover so many genres that there really is something for everyone. The DLC has been great since day one. I've bought DLC for Avenge Sevenfold, Motley Crue, Iron Maiden, Deftones, Killers, Strokes, Smashing Pumpkins, Rush, and Pantera. I plan on buying a whole lot more but I need to master a few tracks in my library first!"
,Recommended,221680,33179721,Posted: 3 July,all,Gisornator,Fun guitar-learning game. It keeps you motivated by visualizing your progress!
76561198016434955,Recommended,221680,24705331,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,LostParadise,"Really great game!The only negative I found, is the ridiculously expensive DLC..."
,Recommended,221680,16316955,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Pleazard,"Easily the best thing that happened to my guitar.I had a Classic guitar for 10 years, and an Electric for 3 years prior to Rocksmith, but I never practiced as frequently or intensively in all these years, progressed that far, or had so much fun as with Rocksmith. Just plug your guitar and have instant fun.I always dreamed about something like Guitar Hero / Frets on Fire for a real guitar, so when I discovered the original Rocksmith on Steam, I grabbed it right away, and a year later also got the 2014 version on launch. It's not without some flaws, but the Value I get from it dwarfs any negative things I can come up with.If you like to play guitar, Get it. Buy the original Realtone cable, buy another one so you have spare, and also buy the original Rocksmith 2012 (preferably cheaply on sale), so you have access to the original DLC library.Don't ask why it refuses to work with non-original cable, or why it requires you to buy the original Rocksmith just to be able to buy a DLC from original library that appears in Rocksmith 2014 anyways - no one cares and no one will fix it. Concentrate on playing the guitar and having fun.The DLC library is pretty damn amazing to my taste, and keeps growing constantly at a steady pace. And now with the addition of Spinal Tap DLC it rightfully goes to 11.Best game on Steam. 11/10."
,Recommended,221680,29228923,Posted: 13 January,all,Silo,"After reading some of the bad reviews and knowing that the game is made by Ubisoft (uhh...), I was hesitant to get it.But I absolutely love this game.The microphone feature doesnt work for me, but the True Tone cable works great. I mostly play with 2 guitars and with one of them I have some weird delays when playing some of the arcade games, but everything else works fine.Before getting the game I had already played guitar for about 10 years, so I can play most of the songs in the game, but the one´s that I dont know I find the learning process intuitive and fun. I imagine that even for absolute beginners this is a great game, especially if you want to move up from Guitar Hero.The arcade games are fun and useful and I personally enjoy the jamming sessions.If you are you going to buy this game, then you can get custom dlc (songs) for free fromhttp://customsforge.com/The catch is that you need to have at least 1 original DLC, some of the newer one´s dont count though, so check the list.I bought the game for like 10 eur? + 35 for the Real Tone cable + I bought some dlc. Very happy with the purchase."
76561198142248841,Recommended,221680,29349557,Posted: 18 January,all,TexMexEto,"Great way to practice guitar, or to learn if you don't know how to play. Definitely helps with learning songs and techniques."
,Recommended,221680,24104907,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,GregH2SO4,"There is plenty of discussion around how good Rocksmith really is as a learning platform. However, the biggest thing for me has been the ability to see easily how much you are improving within the game. That is a great motivation to keep coming back, and means I have probably done more practice in the past six months, than the entire two years before that.If you are going to use RS as your primary tool in learning guitar though, it is always worth using headphones with one ear uncovered so you can the actual guitar for comparison.I wish I had bought this sooner!"
76561198041221725,Recommended,221680,22733615,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Thamuz28546,"This has taken my passion (or obsession) with gaming and allowed me to start learning guitar with it. I bought my guitar and only sent an hour or 2 with it before I got my rocksmith cable. The night I received the cable I played over 4 hours straight. Not that I would recommend that to anyone else, but it shows how fun they have made it. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes to game and is wanting to learn guitar.Running on a fairly old Windows 10 box without issues."
76561198082127203,Recommended,221680,25472611,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,rickshaw1111,"Have you bought this on sale? Have you bought this at all? Do you like to play guitar or bass? If you do stop reading and start buyiong. If you don't: are you gifting? No? buy anyway!!! This game is amazing! If you don't know how to play, this game will teach you! It has lessons to teaches you from the ground up. you you play, you can choose rythum, lead, or bass and you dont need a bass to learn(it has a bass emulator for those who oly have electric guitar and want to learn). start with some lessons, move to some excercizes to get you familiar with the fretting, finger and note placements, the notes and chord names. Then move on to learning your favorite songs. I love this game for how well it was made and how well this teaches. doesn't matter wether you're brand new and just touched a guitar, or wether you are an experienced player this accepts players of all difficulties. THANK YOU creators and I hope you keep doin more and more songs."
,Recommended,221680,25518874,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,dploeg88,"The game is good, provided you keep in mind you need to order a Real Tone Cable seperately. Additionally, there is over 1.000 EUR (or USD) of DLCs. It does come to mind, that's a lot to spend extra for serious musicians who want to learn through Rocksmith. Although an incredible step up since the days of Guitar Hero, it's not the same as picking up a bass or guitar tab online and figuring it out on your own... remember, that's free! So yeah, the game is definitely worth buying, although I find it pricey. Yousician also offers lessons for free or with a paid premium account.I do have to admit this game WILL offer lessons for people who just started to play, and even advanced players will be able to pick up some new tricks and hone their skills, as long as they don't forget to play for real too ;)Pros:- Nice songs, and you can pick your own favs as DLC- Good quality graphics, gameplay; the game analyzes your style and level, and suggests how to improveCons:- Pricey; lots of additional costs to keep in check- Although there are LOTS of songs to add, it always sucks when a song or band you love isn't available"
76561198026323785,Recommended,221680,21234701,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Wifikon,I just started but i love it XD
,Recommended,221680,25787368,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Slayze ツ,"Although I had already played guitar for 3 years prior to picking up Rocksmith, it has helped me improve in a lot of ways! If you are a beginner who wants to learn how to play, then RS is great for you. If you are a seasoned veteran it is also great for you!The songs in the game aren't that great (atleast not for me since I prefer metal, there are only a couple metal songs in the game), but there is Custom DLC! If you head over to Customsforge then you can browse thousands of songs to add to RS, which is amazing! And there are normal DLC songs to buy aswell, that are official.The arcade games are fun and very helpful aswell. RS is definately worth your time if you are wanting to learn guitar, or just looking to have fun!also you need to hit 10K hours to git gud"
76561197969680020,Recommended,221680,9198091,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Otreum,"This is extremely helpful to learning guitar, as it is incredibly fun. The only drawback is that personally, I am a heavy metal buff, and the playlist is mostly made up of old school rock, cringe-worthy british punk, pop music and other ""music"" I consider to be rubbish.While I appreciate that the traditional rock songs are great to learn from, and far simpler than modern day heavy metal, it is just not all that enjoyable to listen to, therefore not all that enjoyable to play.I would love to see some music from Demon Hunter on here. The Disturbed music pack is nice, there are some system of a down tracks, and deftones tracks too which is about all I will play, but needs more variety.The tutorials are fantastic however, they ease you into things, they are encouraging, and progressively get more difficult as you progressively get better which is great for beginners and experienced players alike.The downside to those tutorials is that it's not always very accurate, and can become frustrating when you think you're shredding it up and the game/software thinks that you are playing incorrectly.All in all though, my skill with the guitar is better, my familiarity with musical terminology is better, and I can't wait to keep playing and see where it takes me.When I play this game/software, I need to give myself an entire day too, because once you start, it's hard to stop because it is so addictive.Buy it! :D"
,Recommended,221680,13797924,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Dingo,An incredible learning tool. Far more than just a game. Best money I have ever invested in my musical education.
,Recommended,221680,15084532,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,punchy,"Well, since my wife won't let me get the ol' band back together, this seems to fill the void.If you have ever considered playing guitar or bass, I think this is an awesome tool & any aspiring guitarist or bass player will lose themselves in this program.  I have a tough time calling it a game because it does so much more. Learn or play along with your favorite tunes & work on the parts that are difficult using the riff repeater to slow down the songs speed without losing pitch. Learning scales, playing in session mode (Jamming) with whatever accompanyment or style you prefer.If I could ask for one thing Rocksmith 2014 doesnt have, it would be an online multi player mode. That could be potentially alot of fun to hook up with like-minded musicians playing your favorite songs or jamming. But I know, that's probably asking alot. I only wish this was around when I was younger & had the ol' band together."
,Recommended,221680,13372669,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,III_Demon,"BRILLIANT!i am accidentally learning to play guitar for real. i just discovered that i can read guitar tabs, just because i've played rocksmith.no, it is not a complete, comprehensive learning tool. you will not get a degree in music from rocksmith. but it is an excellent guitar learning tool, and a fun game."
,Recommended,221680,19860008,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Nagrom Nalla,"I had years of experience with guitar before picking up rocksmith, and it's been a blast. It's not perfect, but it makes a game out of learning songs which can be kind of dull sometimes."
76561198066225401,Recommended,221680,10917774,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Danny Boy,This game has helped me in learning guitar more than any book that I've purchased in the past. Plus it makes learning fun. I can't say enough about this game.
,Recommended,221680,16211904,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,fluxe,Spent all my money on DLC instead of anything else and now I have no money 10/10
,Recommended,221680,13764373,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,rezuke,"Rocksmith 2014 is a great starting point for anybody that has wanted to learn the guitar.  For a long time I've wanted to learn how to play but never had the means or resources to do it.  Like most people I got hooked into the whole Guitar Hero and Rock Band craze which was fun but at the end of the day it did nothing to help me learn the guitar.  If I could take all those hours of playing those games and invested it into Rocksmith who knows how much better I would be.  Games like Rock Band and Guitar Hero had one thing going for them in my opinion: They made me realize how much fun it was to be ""playing"" music that I liked.Fast forward a few years and I learned about Rocksmith.  I researched the game a bit and saw some videos which demonstrated how the game worked.  In theory the game sounded amazing: a way to learn how to play songs that I like (and discover some new ones) with a real guitar.  I was skeptical at first because on one hand it would require you to own/buy/borrow a real guitar to do it.  After a few months I broke down and went to Guitar Center to buy a guitar to play.  I first purchased the game for the PS3 off of Amazon because it shipped with the Real Tone cable and it was on sale.Firing up the game for the first time the game asks you a few basic questions about your skill level and your guitar.  The game boasts that you can enjoy it whether your a pro or never touched a guitar in your life.  There are a variety of lessons that range from the basics (how to hold the guitar, put the strap on, and intro to chords) to more advanced techniques like palm mutes (and other techniques that I'm nowhere close to trying).  There is a session mode where you can jam with a virtual band that will jam along with you while you mess around with all the tools they offer.  The other instruments will play differently depending on how fast or slow you play.  There is the Guitarcade mode where you can play mini games designed to help you work on different skills.Finally there is the Learn a Song mode which I probably where I spend most of my time.  There is quite a collection of music and it spans many genres.  Since purchasing this for the PC I've also picked up some extra songs whenever they go on sale (usually during the holiday sales).  Most of the songs have three different paths you could play on any particular song: Lead, Rhythm, or Bass guitar.  Once I started playing the notes were few and far between with little to no emphasis on chords.  You don't have to worry if you mess up too much because unlike Guitar Hero or Rock Band you can't fail a song.  The game will simply take away notes to make it easier for you to play.  There is also the Riff Repeater tool which allows you to focus on certain sections of a song, slow it down, and change the difficulty if you are having trouble with a particular riff or section.  Within the last two days I've gotten close to entering Master mode on a couple of sections of certain songs.  As you progress and improve the notes will begin to fade away so that you will have to start memorizing the song.In my opinion this game is an excellent tool for anybody serious about trying to learn the guitar.  It is not a magic wand that will make you a master guitar player but it's a great place to start.  If you are not willing to put the time in and practice no tool or game will be able to help you improve.  I can honestly say that the time I've put into the game has at least allowed me to improve .  I still have a long way to go before I'm anywhere close to being good but I'm having fun learning and I believe that is what will keep me practicing and trying to get better."
,Recommended,221680,28770729,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HenoGarvey,"Absolutely brilliant and innovative piece of software. I was cautious with a piece of software that claims to teach you something like this. As with any piece of software like this, learning a lanugage, or any other slightly more abstract skill isn't always something you can compress into software. However RS2014 really does what it claims. The Realtone cable matched with this software is a winning combination and a pleasure to use.In the few days that I've used this software, I'm already feeling more confident, and am moving more easily up and down the frets (even if still very spazzy). The great thing about this, is because it's a hybrid of game and learning software, it doesn't feel like a chore. The only thing stopping me from using it longer are my sore fingertips. Jamming along with your favourite tunes makes you want to learn, and it almost doesn't even feel like learning."
76561198064665209,Recommended,221680,23749815,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,The kingshit of fuck mountain,This game is good but there's too many meme songs and I'm tempted to buy them please send help10/10
76561197990679164,Recommended,221680,25392431,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Vegas Gravely,"there are some calibrations that are needed to be done to your game before it plays right otherwise it's pretty good for starting out!Update!This really does work! If you wanna learn guitar and no one wants to teach you, this is it for you!"
,Recommended,221680,26040429,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,norm302,"This is my favourite game of all time. I would highly recommend it to anyone who's thought of learning to play electric guitar or bass,  I purchased my first electric guitar and bass when the first game was released and I've been playing ever since on Xbox on now on PC. It gets expensive with all the DLC but since I've built my collection over time, it's been just a little here and there.My only issue is with the Real Tone cable. I've had endless problems with the two I have since I switched to Windows 8 and then 10. The drivers continue to be a problem with the cable not being recognized by most of my faster USB ports.  I had to buy a powered USB 2.0 hub to get it to work with Windows 10.  I know others have had this problem as well.The recent remastered edition is great. It fixed all of the little annoying things about the menus.  My favourite is that you can now access all versions of a song from the song's top page, no need to dig in each instrument to see what's avaialble."
,Recommended,221680,29146070,Posted: 9 January,all,Mr. Chicken nipples,"Great game; however, I suggest getting it when you've already had some guitar experience. Do some reading and practice a little on your own before playing this.If you plan on getting this for the purpose of playing/learning bass, be prepared to buy some DLC, there's only maybe 6 or 7 default songs that are good for bass. These are some of the dlc I would recommend.Yes Song PackRush Song Pack IIIron Maiden Song PackDream Theater Song PackWynona's Big Brown Beaver - PrimusPeace Sells - MegadethTornado of Souls - MegadethI Want You Back - The Jackson 5"
,Recommended,221680,28017659,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheSpyGamer,"In short, it got me to stop procrastinating with playing and practicing, and has helped my skills a bunch. Rocksmith Remastered is a blast and has helped my technical playing greatly. Whether you've been playing guitar for a while, or want to get into it, I wholeheartedly recommend this game."
76561198043141346,Recommended,221680,13522851,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,| Hawxflight,"Wether you are looking to pick a string for the first time or want to get back into play guitar, this is the game you want to go for.With numerous modes such asNon-Stop PlayandLearn A Songyou can easily pick up a guitar and RockSmith guides you though the song- slowly at first with not many frets to play but then, as you practise RockSmith adds more notes and riffs to play- slowly building up a song.Guitar-cadeis another thing I like about this game, it allows you to practise slides, fret finger placement and more through use of old arcade style games.Really worth picking up for a guitarist or someone who wants to learn."
,Recommended,221680,16460746,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Weclock,"If it weren't for this game, I'd have sold my guitars."
,Recommended,221680,20941329,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Crawlspace Dan,i;m a roackstar!!!!
,Recommended,221680,13436162,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,zoal,I've played guitar on and off for years. Guitarsmith really keeps you motivated and moving forward in a way that I couldnt manage on my own.
,Recommended,221680,8458737,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Blazeoneoneo,Amazing. I've been a fan since the first game and this is just better. It's a great way to learn the gutar and brilliant if you have mucked about and want to get better. I recommend this in real life and I've not met anyone that has been disappointed.
,Recommended,221680,29028930,Posted: 5 January,all,Lancer,This game taught me how to play G-Strings and simultaneously finger A-Minor. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)10/10 would make cringeworthy guitar jokes again.
76561197970747162,Recommended,221680,15079070,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Robot Monster,"If you own an electric guitar or bass, youneedRocksmith 2014 and a Rocksmith Real Tone Cable.Simple as that."
76561198045600603,Recommended,221680,15163095,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Pat,"Grab an old Electric Guitar, plug in to the pc (with rocksmith cable) and play !I start playing rocksmith since the start of the year, and I was very bad at the beginning, but now with 100 hours of play and some practice without the game, i'm able to play some good metal songs. (Ensiferum, Sabaton, Megadeth, Metallica, Lamb of god....)So if you want to learn guitar fast, try Rocksmith and ROCK !"
76561198019261750,Recommended,221680,15004237,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,MillRock,"I'm gonna keep this quite simple. I had no experience playing guitar before I bought this. Now, more than 90 hrs later I can find my way around on the guitar pretty good.If you want to learn how to play guitar, I strongly recommend Rocksmith 2014!"
,Recommended,221680,14859690,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Aidan,Spent almost 2 hours just having a blues jam with my pc :D
76561198028721636,Recommended,221680,13955919,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,jayy lmao,great game for  someone that wants  to learn.more of a tool then a game.cdlc is a nice touch.
,Recommended,221680,15405564,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Machine 🅱roke,"Not a bad way to start learning guitar, but if you want to get serious you'll need to migrate away from it.  That being said it's still pretty fun to come back to even if you are ""experienced"""
,Recommended,221680,25874026,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Draggins,"I own this on steam and PS4. I have roughly 250 ish hours on the PS4 version. Anywho, The game is awesome for learning guitar. I had no incentive to learn it before even though I owned a guitar. To put it bluntly, If you wanna learn guitar, buy it. Buy the Volbeat pack too, 'Cause they're a great band,"
,Recommended,221680,34613905,Posted: 30 August,all,maxlawrry,"Excellent game, it makes it easy to learn guitar. It's similar to rock band but you really rock with the real thing! It's hard to master unless you do every lessons. I usually play few times a week and play my favorites songs. Many DLC available which is really nice!"
,Recommended,221680,12484132,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Milfoil,"As a self-taught bassist, who stopped playing for a number of years.  I can honestly say that this is the next best thing outside of having a proper teacher.  Although frustrating at times, trying to get songs 100% right, persevering through I found a great sense of reward.  Also great to play songs I wouldn't of normally learnt in the past.  Simple to read and easy to understand UI made it really easy to use.  Great ""game"" for all beginner musicians or anyone alike."
76561198204225349,Recommended,221680,35182800,Posted: 24 September,all,mattw1516,Love this game. If your trying to learn to play this is a great tool to have.  Lots of fun and is very motivating to keep playing. I've been using this game for 6 months now and have improved a lot since then.
,Recommended,221680,35210322,Posted: 25 September,all,hi im mike,dope
,Recommended,221680,35395984,Posted: 1 October,all,Drexel,"It works, dedication needed."
76561197992764687,Recommended,221680,12792035,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,MrSavage,"I have not played as much on the guitar as I should have until Rocksmith came along and rekindled my love for playing the guitar. I'm self learned guitar player so this game has a lot to offer for an amature guitar player, with a large rouster of songs and even more songs with payed dlc at a fair price, and with an easy to understand techniques, This game not only makes easy to learn the guitar/bass it also makes it fun."
,Recommended,221680,9493908,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Madruga,U Can learn Iron Maiden and Boston songs!There is anything else I need to say? XD
76561198079608264,Recommended,221680,10728081,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BORNWILD,Great learning tool ! And super fun to play.
,Recommended,221680,8540184,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mr.Bidi,"Rocksmith 2014 - GOTY.You are new to the guitar line or veteran playing in a rock band, this game is definitely for you.It has everything you need for training: detailed descriptions of guitar game styles, showing video tutorials, arcade games (think this is one of the best parts of the game).You definitely get a lot of positive emotions with this game. Put the game 10/10.Good luck and have fun from Enichi Missa. Russia, Moscow."
,Not Recommended,221680,25957622,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,bjkurz,I wish they woud have not updated or let me keep the orginal game and gave me the remastered copy.  I can not access the new remastered game so far.  Still waiting for ubisoft to get back to me.
,Recommended,221680,23891420,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Clear Lionheart,nice game to play.
76561198011318965,Recommended,221680,23907152,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FelipeFritschF,"An absolutely unique and excellent game... program... teacher?Rocksmith makes good on its promises of being a efficient, fast and (extremely) fun way of learning guitar (or bass). I have been playing for roughly 10 days and making more consistent, noticeable progress that I could ever hope for with a paid, limited-hour teacher, or the myriad of unorganized videos and programs around the Internet. Rocksmith has an unique edge on them by providing you with dynamic tracking of your progress, adjusting difficulty and providing many suggestions and options for you try to improve your skills, having easy to understand lessons on multiple techniques and aspects of playing guitar, a good and varied number of songs (which you can greatly increase with cheap official DLC, or free community-made ones), as well as unique and interesting minigames and oppotunities for focused, efficient learning. After all, practice doesn't make perfect, perfect pratice makes perfect.Still, Rocksmith is far from perfect. There are a couple of glitches and incosistencies here and there, some weird mechanics, a lack of variety for some of its more unique features, and the game fails to specifcally recognize some more specific nuances when recognizing notes, like harmonics. It also doesn't do much in the way of teaching you music theory or how to improvise. Session Mode feels like a novelty more than anything, and a beta implementation at the most. In the end, even playing actual licensed songs is little more than having a tab coming at you in pretty graphics, since the game has, unfortunately, no multitrack options, and you merely hear the sound of your guitar ""over"" the original recording. I mean, this was something even Guitar Hero was capable of doing (however there are some custom DLC that allow for this). Nonetheless, it is still extremely satisfying.My biggest gripe, though, comes from the fact that RS doesn't fully utilize the possibilities of modern gaming. We have seen many games on Steam which ranged from mediocre to downright bad on launch, only to be progressively improved with each update and DLC, free or not. Rocksmith 2014, however, limits itself to launching new songs as DLC (which it has been doing with excellent frequency!), there are no new features, new Guitarcade games or obvious refinements (like a search function) coming our way; testament to this game being published by Ubisoft, which has never been very fond of supporting their games for a long time. Perhaps in Rocksmith 2017?"
,Recommended,221680,28049768,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Eastwood,"Worth the money! From not being able to play Smoke on the water riff on one string, I got to being able to play songs such as In Bloom, Smoke on the water, Seven Nation Army and similiar level songs in 2 weeks. The lessons should help you understand the basics and even advanced stuff later.P.S. I've already played the game, although not on PC, so don't let my hours fool you."
,Recommended,221680,8619547,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,-/-\-narchrist,"1st month is frustrating, but after you get the hang of it your dexterity and skill snowballs.... Thank you Ubisoft for giving me the spring board into my new hobby which i am hopeless in love with."
76561198101182547,Recommended,221680,8514067,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,iDudeGuy,very good for beginners to learn songs e.g. riffs and chords best for understanding and not to complex
76561198020983119,Recommended,221680,19044017,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,XThirteen,"I have both versions of this game for xbox.. and now rocksmith 2014 on pc now that my xbox finally died on me. Though I feel the first Rocksmith had more of a reward system and felt closer to the rockband/guitar hero games. I Feel that this version is more inclusive and adaptive for the player. If a section gets to hard for you then it dials it back a bit, if its to slow for you it dials it up a notch. Now had they incorporated the rewards system (ie earning new guitars and venues from the first rocksmith) instead of the new amps and heads i think it would make it feel more rewarding.. With that being said I REALLY enjoy this game. I enjoy the guitarcade games and some of the changes they have implimented, there are some changes i didnt like, (the sessions menue wasnt much to my liking, but i can see why the added it and the way you change up your ""gear"" needs some improvement) but all in all  i feel this is a good game for people who are learning guitar or want to add some knowledge to what they already know and get started learning songs quick."
76561198272700365,Recommended,221680,25716380,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Parkourism,like rockband but with a better guitar and bass
76561198089612272,Recommended,221680,18592187,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,SjorsTea,"Having put over 250 hours into this game, I can safely say that this game taught me how to play the guitar by itself.If you want to learn how to play the guitar but don't want it to turn into a chore, buy this game and play whenever you like and learn whenever you like.With Custom DLC you can play almost any song you want and combined with Dynamic Difficulty, you can learn so many songs at your own pace.The lessons that are included in the game are of great help for those who need it.Of course the game has some flaws, such as not picking up all notes (especially low ones), but they matter very little.tldr;Pro's:Great for beginners and experienced playersGreat for learning almost any song easilyLessons that can help you when you're stuckGreat way to spend your timeCon's:Sometimes won't recognize notesDLC is incredibly expensive9.5/10"
76561197972300413,Recommended,221680,8596892,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,WhiPPet,"Even better than the original.If you've got an electric guitar - this is a must have, and if you haven't got an electric guitar - get one just for this!"
76561197984870297,Recommended,221680,23944163,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,KneeShotArtist,"If you want to learn how to play a guitar, or have in the past, This is a Great way to start."
,Recommended,221680,8257075,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,raven,"I can't recommend this game enough!  I've owned guitars for a long time, but never really stuck to practicing.  Most of the time before playing Rocksmith 2014, I would just fiddle around with making melodies and wanting to figure out how to make chords go along with the melodies I was creating.  I didn't get very far with Guitar.When Rocksmith (original) came out I was excited to pick it up and give it a shot, but had many issues with the game:  Input Lag, Audio feedback, and just wasn't really into the method.Then comes Rocksmith 2014!  So far I've put about 45 hours into 2014, and I'm still having a blast.  All of the issues I experienced on Win32/x360 versions of Rocksmith 1 have been resolved.  And now there is a recommendation system that suggests things for you to do.Rather than level up like in the first game, you focus on mastery of each song.  Once you have mastered a section of the song, the notes will fade out, and force you to memorize the patterns. (brilliant! and optional if you dislike it)I have yet to play Bass with this, but from what I can glean about being able to play Lead Guitar or Rythm Guitar, I expect it will be just as fun to play.  (I will probably pick up a bass soon; but there is a bass emulation mode as well for guitar)I have a deep musical background, and the only thing I find lacking is that it's all focused on Rock.  (But it is Rocksmith after all!)  I wish it had some classical guitar tunes that can be very technically hard, so I could focus more on picking and more difficult techniques.  But overall this is a great start, and I'm excited to see where this takes me after another 40 hours of play (or practice)"
76561197979729479,Recommended,221680,30697506,Posted: 23 March,all,Sco57,The achievements in this game actually feel like achievements
,Recommended,221680,32317991,Posted: 10 June,all,☹sadboi☹,"Fun, addicting and easy to learn, if your like me and has played guitar on and off since i was about 5 lol this is a great oppertunity to play properly, while having fun playing your favorite songs!"
,Recommended,221680,12534870,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,ShameBoy,"KIDS listenguitars make your fingers strong. girls like strong fingers!buy this game, buy a good looking♥♥♥♥♥♥guitar and go get laidyou cant miss on this game, is a win-winwish i was rich enough to buy all DLC."
,Recommended,221680,28614800,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Slade,"Do you want to party Rock?Do you want to commence with the Rolling?Do you want to party like it's 1999 (again)?Are you also mystified as to how on of those modern day lutes known as the Ge-Tar work?Look no further; Go from Rock-schmuck to Rock Steady with Rocksmith 2014 - Remastered! With easy to understand lessons, skill building arcade games and a plethora of amazing songs that you can learn all from the comfort of your home Rocksmith is a fantastic way to learn how to play guitar or bass. Just listen to this testimonial:""I went from never having played a bass guitar to slapping it fast and loose like some sort of delerious funky priest in no time! I couldn't be happier!"" - MeJust get a Rocksmith Real Tone Cable, an electric guitar or bass (now supporting acoustic guitars too!), and a copy of Rocksmith 2014 - Remastered and you're off to rock around the clock."
,Recommended,221680,10423518,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Heavymetalfan81,great game!!!this fame has helped me sooo much as a guitar player and i believe it could help anyone learn how to play and greatly improve any guitarists skill!
,Recommended,221680,10189451,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,[TWG]Maj.Gen.Dante,best game to ever learn guitar with!!
76561198070413839,Recommended,221680,8608770,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Grunkle Stan,"Rocksmith is a great game and tool for beginers at guitar. I had some basic knowledge before hand, but no real skills. After playing this game, my skills have increased greatly. For the beginer who doesn't want to to shell out the money for lessons or have the time for them, this game is a great substitue. However, this game does not ""teach"" you that much. I honestly haven't learned much from this game that I didn't already know. The game has lessons which teach basic techniques and chords, but thats really it on the teaching. This is more of a very fun way to practice than an actual teaching game. While this game may not be for the more experienced player, I do highly reccomend this game for beginers who are looking to improve their guitar skills without the cost of lessons. The game is very fun and very effective."
76561198016438584,Recommended,221680,9781028,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Th3PunishR,Excellent.
,Recommended,221680,9002335,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,[ap[run[h,This game/tool is really helping with my skill's and my technique's. The little games are great exercises and I think that 2014 edition has improved greatly. I am really happy with it and would reccomend it to any skill lvl guitarist.
,Recommended,221680,9162612,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ioquatix,"This game is pretty cool.Pros: Interactive, uses real instruments, multiplayer, decent song list, ""local co-op"", lots of different modes and activities to check out, walks you through all the basics, automatic difficulty adjustments as you get better.Cons: The UI feels like it was designed for a console - e.g. can't search for songs with keyboard (by typing name), can't use the mouse to select the riffs to repeat (stupid keyboard layout for controlling this), game with latest patch is slightly buggy - crashing, locking up occasionally, audio output levels a bit strange (we noticed this on the latest PS3 version too).Other: Would be nice to support the Steam workshop for custom songs. Some of the song packs seem to be missing some of the ""defining"" ballads, missing other classics like The Verve, Pink Floyd etc, Japanese anime punk rock could be very fun."
76561197999881528,Recommended,221680,9243358,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Metalmark,Great GAme!  Great way to learn songs.
,Recommended,221680,9468151,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,McGregodopoulos,"A wonderful, fun and engaging game. I've improved in leaps and bounds since buying this game. I had never heard of it beforehand or saw no advertising, but I was lucky enough to stumble across it. If you've ever wanted to play the guitar, consider Rocksmith 2014."
,Recommended,221680,9300483,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,culturerevolt,"Really interesting and fun way to brush up on the guitar. Starts out a bit too easy on most tracks, but ramps up nicely. Great for beginners and regular players."
,Recommended,221680,8488526,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Avari,"I just love this game. I have very little guitar experience and still it helps me to learn in my pace. I recommend this game for everyone who is interested in playing guitar and has passion for it. You can expect to be a good guitarplayer after just a week or so, but I formyself felt that I made some progress although I just played for 12h or so. Awesome game! :)"
,Recommended,221680,8863013,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ThreeSixtyNitro,"Before i Picked up Rocksmith2014, I'd been playing guitar for around 6 years and my first thought was ""oh i play guitar, this is just like an advanced version of something like guitar hero or rockband"". Even after learning for 6 years, in the last few months I've noticed my finger speed improving even when playing casually.I dont know how this would stack up if you where coming in at a beginner level, but certainly for me, even after playing for years this game still has things to teach me, although I wouldn't exactly say it felt like I was sitting down everyday to force myself to practice.All in all, if you've been playing for a reasonable time like me before even trying the game, I'd recommend it.And for beginners i imagine this would make learning guitar a whole lot of fun."
76561198060774206,Recommended,221680,10691777,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KrystenKaylee,Awesome combination of hobby and gaming.
,Recommended,221680,11123803,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,hiyaa,"Incredible improvements over the original rocksmith, which was already an incredible game/tool! I am an experienced bassist, been in a band for years and use this more for fun than a learning tool, but ripping up iron maiden basslines certainly helps with dexterity.  Most fun i have had on guitar without my bandmates around! 10/10"
76561198041733158,Recommended,221680,29864884,Posted: 11 February,all,purbinder,"This game will show you how terrible you really are at playing a guitar.And that's the beauty of it.Plus, it has Tribute by Tenacious D available for purchase, so there you go."
76561198255016506,Recommended,221680,29876227,Posted: 12 February,all,"hey, how's it going?",I picked this game up during the summer sale with no knowledge of how to play guitar despite having one for a long time and after playing for a long time I've come to the conclusion that this is the best way for anyone to get into playing guitar.
,Recommended,221680,14181367,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dr.Tesla,Learning while haveing fun. It's a great game for anyone new to the guitar.For the more experianced player. You will feel limited on the song choices.But pretty darn good for being one of the first few games that uses an actual guitar to play. And be accurate about the cords.
,Recommended,221680,10886432,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Shells,Neat game. Good practice. Good song selection.
,Recommended,221680,17511972,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,hhhoytt,"Over $2,700 in DLC's, but still worth it."
,Recommended,221680,14232463,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Polish Pickle,"Fun game that can teach you basic tools. Don't expect this game to turn you into the next Hendrix, Page, Gilmour, Eddie Hazel, etc. It is really fun and helps pass time.If you're into actually learning advanced methods you'll probably need a book for that i.e. music theory.But in the end, like stated above, it is a very fun game."
76561198355030838,Recommended,221680,28924105,Posted: 1 January,all,泣血的温柔,我是中国的玩家.很早就知道了这款游戏.希望官方能够出汉化补丁.有些教学实在看不懂
76561197966632652,Recommended,221680,10734278,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kumarei,The only negative thing that I can possibly say about this game is that it is going to bankrupt me with its DLC songs.
,Recommended,221680,11352225,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Sconomancer,"amazing game, great learning tool. Super fun to play I go for hours, replay hard riffs or parts of a solo to get it right on adjustable speed to get it just right. Good collection of songs. I've heard criticism of the cost of the DLC songs but they need to rethink what you're getting for $2.99, not just a song to listen to but the way to play it rhythm, lead and bass parts. Put in your time and buy a decent guitar if you don't have one already because this will make you a player."
76561198042118407,Recommended,221680,11092366,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,desolation0,"As for Rocksmith, so far it's done everything I've asked of it, short of giving me a real solid feel of direction. I'm probably going to regret not practicing the basic scales and chords as much, since I've been playing along with some hit songs more during my practice sessions. The fun factor for me is quite high, but I've only found annoyance with the GuitarCade mini games so far. The lessons aren't nearly as in depth and useful as I had hoped. It's also hard to gauge my progression in skill outside of each individual song. I've also noticed it may be a bit too forgiving for timing. I've been singing pseudo-professionally, and feel the timing window might leave too much leeway for folks who aren't particularly good at rhythm to begin with, not giving enough feedback to develop well. 5/5"
,Recommended,221680,10980436,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Stryfe,Great game. It's an excellent tool for beginner and intermediate guitar and bass players alike. Packed with good songs and fun lessons. Just remember that you need to buy the realtone cable to be able to connect your instruments.
76561198086396890,Recommended,221680,28889914,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,XxStuntman27xX,"My Fingers hurt and I can play Paint it Black by The Rolling Stones so I assume this is working, I really wanted to buy DayZ but no, I bought this instead. I win! Buy this. F*** your DLC prices though. Seriously. I wasted 60 dollars on Boston and CCR songs and you want me to LEARN them? HELL YEAH I will. Thanks Rocksmith for your overpriced songs. I love you. I'm going to go play the DayZ ripoff H1Z1 now because i'm poor. Ripley if you're reading this I miss you. I know you're gay now and all but whenever you said you loved me, I really felt a connection, I MISS YOU. Can we make a song about my profound love? oh wait crap I have another girlfriend now don't I, well, okay, don't make it. Or if you do please make it a DLC because we love your DLC. Anybody wanna play H1Z1 with me? No? okay. Buy this game I guess. Yeah. Do it. 9 sheckles/10."
76561198164569417,Recommended,221680,29876916,Posted: 12 February,all,Elite_KayWu,"I learned how to play the guitar and bass on this game. If you are a guitar/bass noob willing to learn how to play, this game is right for you. 10/10"
,Recommended,221680,9435112,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ChocoLion*,"This Game is a lot of fun and helps learn guitar! even if you have a good grasp on guitar, this game will push your skills to the next level with mini games, trying to 100% a song, try jammin' in a scale you have never played before and the session mode band you create will push you to solo and play fast or slow while staying in key!i like this game."
,Recommended,221680,13463029,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Stralytic,This is a good way to learn to play some songs. It will probably improve your technique. However what it won't do is give you any understanding of music.
76561198080614824,Recommended,221680,8613140,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,smotheredmonkey,This game is lots of fun.
,Recommended,221680,12482138,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Cabbage Hands,Good for teaching the basics of guitar and the songs it has.You will need more than just this if you want to actually learn guitar theory. Has some issues with note registration once in a while.
76561198011313784,Recommended,221680,16226063,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Big_J,"This is a great game.  It has a lot of downloads to choose from and it allows for speedy development of guitar strings.   Way better then the previous Rocksmith.   If you can get it on sale, please do because downloads can start adding up fast.   But all worth it.This game gets incredibly difficult after a while, so you need to keep practicing (lot of work).  But you also get a great reward of improving your guitar skills fast."
76561197963667639,Recommended,221680,16574106,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Avenue™,"Best Game 2014, and up to the next release if they ever do...DLC are expensive but worth it in some ways."
,Recommended,221680,8247734,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lee,"After having played the first rocksmith on xbox360 and comming onto this, there is a significant improvement in how the game progresses you along.I defenitly recommend this game to any guitar player looking to improve on any of their guitar skills or even just to learn how to play the basics, it is a great learning tool for everyone"
76561198027694738,Recommended,221680,14184164,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,OziMen,HELL YES!
,Recommended,221680,13019101,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Joe Dohn,"In roughly one year I've gone from hardly knowing which end of the guitar to use to actually being able to play some tunes both on my electric guitar and my acoustic one. It probably goes without saying, but Rocksmith 2014 is the best interactive guitar tutorial out there, and I imagine it's a good heap of fun for those who play it more often than myself as well.I have so many superlatives for this game, and I haven't really found any big cons at all. The gameplay modes are both varied and intuitive, and the song library is highly relevant and ever expanding. The tunes they make available lend from all genres, from blues through mainstream rock to metal, and I've found several of my absolute rock favourites among both the included songs and the DLC.If you're looking to get more out of your electric guitar there really is no way around Rocksmith 2014. Be sure to look out for the original Rocksmith as well, it's a cheap way to expand your song library with a decent amount of tunes."
76561197983924190,Recommended,221680,10988330,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,The Wood Wizard,Best way to learn guitar.
,Recommended,221680,9310956,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,jsdratm,"This is pretty much the only way I practice bass guitar these days.  It is fun trying to master songs that are beyond my skill level and learning new songs that I have never tried before.  I also have a guitar that I have been practicing lead guitar with and the game does a great job of offering technique lessons and working you up to progressively harder songs.  It is a bit of an investment to get into, but the game is amazing fun for any guitar or bass players."
,Recommended,221680,13607758,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,BuzzBomb,Awesome Game!
76561198036836152,Recommended,221680,13452380,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pug,yo man i played this game for 270 somethin hours and now i can play like john petrucci woohoo
76561198117165879,Recommended,221680,13438181,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Well Then,"I own RS2012 for PS3 and for PC, the Bass expansion for PS3, RS2014 for PC, plus 20-25 songs. I think i may like the game. If you own a guitar and are between beginner to intermediate skill level. Pick this game up now at 75% off. I have only had 2 complaints since the first time i played. 1 ) get a tuner too, the 2012 one is to weak and the 2014 one is too sensitvie. 2) For the love of god bring out a pedal that functions like a controller or my keyboard. The most frusterating thing is having to reach for a controller or the keyboard EVERY SONG. Beyond those drawbacks if you can wrap the EADGBe colourcoding into your grasp you're home free to learn hundreds of songs and avoid learning 4 different incorrect versions that are in the wrong key from online tabs."
,Recommended,221680,14880014,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Michael Scott,"So, I started rocksmith a few months back noticing the youtube '50 days' videos and I had played some acoustic before but never really got the hang of it. So I purchased my guitar , a squier classic vibe (really solid, great sound for beginners) and purchased the cable and the game. First of all i thought the cable was a little expensive for a simple ADC and later I noticed that there were some great alternatives, if you know nothing from adc cables just stick with the one from ubisoft though.The game is great for any level honestly, there is not much theory but instead you can watch some short videos explaining techniques and you try them out, which actually worked fantastic. Only downside for me is that sometimes the cable doesnt pick up the signal, which makes me lose my streak.There are not so many songs in the basic game, but every week, ubisoft brings out some new songs which you can purchase (for an ok price). Yet ubisoft doesn't let us download songs from the previous version of rocksmith  unless you buy the previous version, they claim it's an error of some sort, but after 5 months they haven't fixed it (yeah right).Anyway, great game, I enjoy spending my time on a game and still learn :)"
,Recommended,221680,11473356,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Caveman,"10/10 if you liked rockband, or have just wanted to learn how to play bass or gutiar, this game is easily worth 10 times its value paying for private lessons, honestly get this game."
,Recommended,221680,11195708,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Crumb,"It's a video game unlike most because after binge playing it for hours, you wont feel like you've ""wasted"" time. With Rocksmtih, you come away with a new skill."
,Recommended,221680,11854623,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,cigarettes,"I'm a beginner Bass player, and this game has been an excellent tool for helping me learn how to play. Almost anything you'd need to know, and practice, all wrapped up in a single package. Even comes with a bow on top. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,221680,11156862,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Yui Kashī,"Do you need to learn how to play guitar? To improve your skills? Correct some technical mistakes? Learn how to play songs?Rocksmith 2014 offers you all that, and puts you in your desired place of a band (bass player, lead guitar, rythm guitar).This is the best way to play guitar I've ever seen! You wont get bored! You've got lots of songs to play! Have doubts? Try the lessons! Feeling Bored? Try the arcade games! There are a lot, and all of them increase your different guitar skills!This game is certainly amazing! :D[PS: Before buying this game make sure you own a Rocksmith Real Tone Cable]"
,Recommended,221680,11042107,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Would you make me a sandwich?,"Let's see:+MUCH better interface than the first one, including a better sort feature to find your songs. (You can sort by tuning so you don't have to change tuning after every song.)+MUCH better tuner than the first one.+Tuitorials that better show you techniques for playing. Even simple stuff like applying a strap to your guitar.+Better Guitarcade games. They're more fun and in depth.+Mini-achievements to unlock extra tones/pedals/amps to keep you hooked.+Amazing session mode so you can jam out like an idiot with a fake band.+And as a bonus: Uplay isn't annoying on this game. You sign in with your CD Key once and you're done, no extra launcher ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Get it."
,Recommended,221680,11478454,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,bender,"Initially this was alright, but the lag is really bad for playing. I can't stand it. Makes playing tricky fast sections really hard. Also its soo strict with actually playing chords. If you miss a note in a chord (or even play it a little too quiet) - it decides you havn't played it properly, even when it sounded perfectly fine (to my ears). Yet other times i would blatantly make a mistake which sounded terrible and it didn't catch it. It became hard to tell if i actually made a mistake, or the game was flagging false positives. I stopped playing after a while becuase of this.Several months later i was bored one day and decided to checkout session mode and worked through a few more missions. Then i fully comprehended what you can do in session mode. Its the perfect practice tool, i started doing my scales and playing along with the band. Now I just jump in session mode and jam for a while, practicing new and old techniques. As there's no critical timing in session mode, the lag isn't so much of an issue. I am enjoying it way more now.Overall i would recommend this game becuase of session mode. Once you had a bit of fun with score attack and learning a few songs, start using session mode and work through the missions.Note: I would consider myself an intermediate guitar player at the time i bought RS2014"
76561198031587393,Recommended,221680,11486196,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,michael_cirksis,An awesome way to learn guitar. From just bashing out your favorite tune to practicing your scales - it makes learning guitar fun.
76561198139081191,Recommended,221680,11585180,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DarkWatcher,"ive always wanted to play guitar, but could never get it right. the best i could do was string 3 random chords together and make a small rift.i bought this game on steam, and battled for about 2 weeks to get a cable. after doing alot of research, finding the distributors for south africe etc etc etc..... i finally got my cable.upon reading all the reviews and visiting all the forums, i decided to learn bass guitar. went and got my new bass, plug it in, set it up and off we go.....in just 2 hours i was playingsystem of a down areals at 100perc difficulty and 98perc accuracy. i can not stop playing now!this is truely a master piece of software. the note recognition is truely amazing.i recommend this to anyone who does or wants to play guitar!"
76561197996447765,Recommended,221680,11308517,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Alseras,"Amazing game, even if you already know how to play guitar. I don't have many hours on here, but I played it on PS3 before and picked it up for custom songs. Fun learning tool, but still doesn't do as good as guitar lessons from a real teacher. A really big improvement since the last Rocksmith."
76561198025209017,Recommended,221680,9965274,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,droptune,"If you just starting to play guitar, or want a fun way to learn a bunch of new songs - then definitely grab this game. I never had patience to learn full song on guitar before, just some riffs or solos. But Rocksmith made me play for hours even at nights: I felt the urge to play till I nail a song completely and it was satisfying experience. I noticed that my ear training improved greatly too.Guitarcade games are excellent alternatives to boring warm-up routines. Simple and great videos for beginners are included. The only thing that beats this game in effectiveness and fun combined is playing with live band.Definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,221680,21042924,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Villa,Great game 10/10
76561198031236611,Recommended,221680,7632388,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Nosferatu,Truly excellent. Hours of fun and bleeding fingers ahead. A vast improvement over the previous version and highly recommendable.
,Recommended,221680,9554385,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,LFurrytrees,Fantastic game if you want to learn guitar.
,Recommended,221680,14873290,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Will,"Very fun, get two realtone cables and have a friend join you, yall will feel like your practicing for your next gig in no time."
76561197963400152,Recommended,221680,9362848,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Hangsolo,Amazing and fun guitar playing game! Made the guitar fun for me again after a few years! It can be a bit goofy looking but once you get used to it it is a blast!
,Recommended,221680,14630439,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Omnicide,"600+ total hours played on bass in 1 year since getting this game. If you play this game 500 hours in a year and you can't play bass after that practice. Give up you have no capacity to learn music.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgRiBwVR8n4-- That's me at 500 hours practice.This is easily the best way to learn bass guitar I have ever seen.  I tried to learn using sheet tabs and playing along with songs along with some 1 on 1 lessons over 10 years ago and got nowhere but frustrated, and gave up after a couple months without ever feeling like I got anywhere.I have played 7 days.. we were snowed into a huge ice storm and couldn't drive and were stuck at home the entire 7 days, so I played a LOT of hours.. I might have played 30 hours worth of this game this week.I did look into the custom songs. Buy the Smashing Pumpkins ""Chereb Rock"" then there are TONS of external custom DLC for this game.. I think I added maybe 150 tracks via custom DLC website. The DLC prices for the games inside the steam store are priced outlandishly, I have no idea why they're so expensive when people will literally manually track the songs and give them away for free at the same quality online.. I'd pay 50 cents for a track with tabs per bass/guitar, a buck is reasonable per song.. but 3 bucks?  This is a price that is so high I cannot recommend buying the DLC other than the one song that enables custom DLC listed above.. Google will quickly show you that you copy a DLL file into the directory containing the game files, and buy that 1 track, then you just copy any other DLC you can find into that folder.In a week, I'm playing several songs with a profenciency level where I can complete them on the ""hard"" setting with no difficulty with a 90% or higher accuracy every time, I miss a note or two in some sections, I could probably adequately play in a cover band and play these songs live if I had tabs like this in front of me on stage.. It's that good.  You could track a live band with it and people could play kareoke covers of songs they had no idea how to play with no difficulty whatsoever once they got used to the tab system.  It's the most fun I've ever had playing an instrument ever.  These aren't the easiest songs in the world either.. some of them are fairly fast punk beats.  I'm trying to hit 100% on the Foo Fighters Everlong right now, and I'm convinced I can do it.  I just can't hit the section with the switch between the open d string and the 5 on the a with all the fast notes(I think it's still the a string in drop d) at 100% accuracy yet.  I watched a video of the foo fighters on stage I'm not sure their actual bass player hits that section the same every time either.  My tone is correct most of the time and I KNOW when it isn't it's glaring to me when I screw it up now.I've never played any song on any instrument this well before. I couldn't endorce this game highly enough for someone who is willing to sit down and peg away for an hour a day at it for a month or so.. You'll actually be able to learn songs, and that's a hell of a lot more fun way to learn than anything.Tip if you want to hear what you're playing.. go to audio settings.. turn the music to 30%. Leave the bass at 100%.  Turn the game audio for sound effects to 50%, voiceovers to 50%, and crank the volume. It's got the bass too low in the mix for someone to really hear if they're playing correctly.  When you do that, I'm playing with a low end logitech 5.1 with a 5"" sub, but you can get a very decent representation of what you are really playing.. Turning yourself up a lot in the mix will help you HEAR what you're playing though, and once you can hear yourself and can't avoid tone issues.. I had a dramatic improvement to the point where I'm flatly amazed.TLDR: I couldn't endorce this strongly enough.Edit: At 500+ hours now, I could play on stage in a band no problem if you have the capacity to play you can learn with this."
76561198043377341,Recommended,221680,10429687,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Adam Sims,"Very good learning tool, I was such a nab but now im mlg at guitar."
76561198020020787,Recommended,221680,11622336,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Dalfe,I am a legit bass player coz of this game. Amazing
76561197967763227,Recommended,221680,19860180,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Cartman,I'm still impressed with the DLCs that are being released frequently from Rocksmith 2014.  It's been great to play along to some really diverse tracks and at the moment my son is learning to play drums so we've been able to jam a little as well.
,Recommended,221680,11509812,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Excstazy,"There´s nothing bad i can say about this game. If you allready own an electric guittar, it won´t be that expensive to get this game and the ammount of hours you will spend jamming with your favorite songs will be more than worth it. I used to play saome guittar a few years ago, but never took it too serious, and i wans´t that good. But Rocksmith got me interested into guittar playing again, and it´s been a wild ride.amazing game, amazing songs, and a really good hobby to have. Game 100% recommended if you want to learn."
76561198053538858,Recommended,221680,8676971,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cloud,"A really good game...packed with a tons of activities, other than just learning and playing songs. I don't know if someone can learn starting from scratch, but it's indeed a good way to get a grip of guitar (or bass).If you are already experienced, well, it's indeed a good exercise to improve specific areas/techniques or just play some songs.Worth it!! And I hope that the library will grow even further :)"
76561198070910028,Recommended,221680,20001531,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,richards.113,"If you are just starting out trying to learn guitar, I would definitely recommend this game. I have played it and learned some really fun songs - like Hysteria by Muse - my daughtera nad even my 6 year old nephew have played the skill games and find them fun. HIghly recommed - would like for them to include drums/vocals - allow a real 'Rock Band' experience on the PC."
,Recommended,221680,20118533,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,kaljalokki,I like this game.
,Recommended,221680,13192485,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Spanky,I'm famous now
76561197994080871,Recommended,221680,10596388,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,:3,Still the best way to learn guitar!
76561197968570460,Recommended,221680,9208447,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,| Osborne,"Amazingly better than the older version... I defenitly recommend.Excellent, and the remastered improved many aspects which made the game even better to play. I recommend."
,Recommended,221680,23526497,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,FeskarN,best guitar game!
,Recommended,221680,12429478,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,BIG RUSSIAN MAN WITH BIG DICK,"Highly recomended to those who would like to learn to play and those who already play. Rocksmith allows you to take advantage of effects (pedals, different amps etc) that you normally couldnt (unless your rich as ♥♥♥♥ and can buy whatever). It also allows you to practice quitly without disturbing anyone if you happen to live with people. Overall 9/10. My game tends to crash a good bit but still a great game and has provided me over 70 hours practice time."
,Recommended,221680,23470945,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Combatheros,"Rocksmith 2014 has been the biggest help with me improving my guitar and bass skills. While basic guitar class gave me the fundamental, Rocksmith helped me play a lot better. The lessons are a great for beginners and even more experienced players. Guitarcade is an interesting way to teach various techinques such as fret movement, chords, scales, and more all through mini-games. Session mode is great for screwing around and experimenting with various instruments playing along with you to make music. Finally, the main part, Learn a Song, is basically Guitar Hero/Rockband for your real guitar/bass. A decent selection of songs along with a ton of DLC songs and a near endless amount of custom songs will allow you to learn pretty much any song you want.If you ever wanted to play how to play guitar or you wanted to get back into it, I definitely recommend Rocksmith 2014 as the best way of doing so."
76561198187977726,Recommended,221680,23091864,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,DopeDarrell,"Rocksmith is an incredible learning tool that has helped me become the guitar player I am. Anyone that plays, or wants to play guitar, needs to have rocksmith. I would be nowhere without it and I could not recommend it more."
,Recommended,221680,22857105,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Silver4Monsters,"If you've ever been interested in learning the guitar, this is a great way to teach yourself and stay motivated."
76561197964859747,Recommended,221680,13315422,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,mangomayne,"love this game, defiantly recommended. If you're a beginner, it makes starting much more fun than the way I learned where it felt like a chore, but with rocksmith its as fun as playing a game."
,Recommended,221680,9188885,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Harrison Crabfeathers,"Impressive that they managed to improve notably on the original Rocksmith- the availability of all of the tracks from the previous incarnation right in 2014 is just an added bonus. Well worth picking up if you play guitar or bass, or if you want to learn either one!"
76561198009402403,Recommended,221680,10636884,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Entaru,"Very nice to be able to play the full songs without having to play all the notes, you feel like a pro and have a lot of fun playing all the songs. Also i'm getting better so that is good :P"
,Recommended,221680,20016703,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Magic_Bananas,YES
76561198094390603,Recommended,221680,33107610,Posted: 1 July,all,TheCheeseBandit,"I didn't play it much, but I guess I'm a little better at guitar"
,Recommended,221680,32889470,Posted: 27 June,all,edelcorrallira,"In a nutshell, my favorite piece of software in Steam by a large margin. Recomended all the way!!Though if you plan on getting it, order the cable!!!It's so darn useful in and out of the game (yes there are better, yes it's fragile you should take good care of it, but damn is it convenient when you don't want spaguetty on your desk for a quick demo or you have inspiration on RockSmith and want to switch to the DAW immediately)Now long, long rant :There is a good reason why this is the single most played item in my library.  It's fun, engaging, keeps getting updates all the time, and is an all around a great asset for those who like to experiment with music.Rocksmith works on many levels on one hand it is a great intro to playing the guitar. While I have a few differences of opinion ...(recomended technique - guitar goes on the other leg man, also it may have been a good idea to use TAB to begin with though this is so comfy)... their approach is solid and consistent, so top marks here!On the other hand, for those in the know ...Having the songs available for guitar karaoke as jam tracks with effects is awesome, it sucks that you can't mute the guitar though :(* Devs, make and sell a plugin for this pleasealso you have some jam tools as well. Sadly, you can't plug Rocksmith into your DAW (man they should totally sell plugins for that, even if only for user created stuff, it could be a great VST plugin) but you can get a feel for stuff quickly. This means you can experiment here then go ahead and develop your ideas elsewhere.* Again devs, please make a Rocksmith VST plugin (with restrictions and stuff) sold seperately pretty please with beer on topIt is so flexible, I've seen USERS create custom DLC (dowlodable content, aka songs) attempting to cater for Banjo, mandolin and even violin players with mixed results (these are community driven, not something that's actually backed by the devs... but interesting and hopefully something else the devs could do)* Hullo Devs, here's looking at youThe lessons are good, perhaps a little basic? They should sell additional lessons by top rank guitarrists a la Guitar Forge but whatever. Still you can get ideas which can be applyed in an improv then solo over actual songs using it (forget the score for a little you have awesome modelled amps for these songs, so take em as chord progressions and blast away) then maybe make an etude with the material (small composition using your chops) ... In other words far from limited, it's just a matter of using your imagination and you have a very very powerful tool* Again devs, more lessons maybe? - sold as addons no prob (put big names, we all want em say ... Zappa Jr?, Clapton? Steve Vai? Satch? Malmsteen? MAV? ... could go on ... )I love Rocksmith and recommend it to those who want to learn, want to improve, want to jam with a backing track, and are looking for inspiration. But one thing Rocksmith (or anything) isn't is a silver bullet. You should learn TAB, sheet, practice with a metronome, get an instructor, play with others, make your own compositions ...Nothing, not even the amazing Rocksmith can do all that stuff for you, but it gets so darn close it's easy to forget. Still you can easily start by merely playing a game and you'll end up developing your musicianship (like most rockers actually).Looking for more? Walk this way!Well if you become a fretboard addict and find Rocksmith's tuts and stuff lacking, check out Pebber Brown, Rick Beato, and Guitar Forge on YouTube (gosh there's loads more, but hey if you want more then you should look yourself), try some guitar methods say Carulli/Sagregas/Sor yes these are classical guitar methods, but this is as useful for Bass as it is for guitar.Also, consider Songs 2 See once you have the basics (sheet reading) if you want to apply what you learned to other instruments (read the description, some people hate it, I personally think it's wonderful and the flip side to RockSmith but it has 0 gaming aspects so you may find it a little dry - you've been warned)Still want more? Well now take what you learn and use in an improv in... RockSmith !!!See, it still has a lot to offer. Oh and there's now a host of Prog Rock and  on the DLC side of things there are some good ol Jazz standards so you can get into really complex stuff.Rocksmith is great from begginner to Tinkerer no matter how advanced, but it's not meant to be a homestudio. It can't record, the sensitivity of the input device does have limitations, the patches are great but not professional quality (I mean top level studio grade, sounds better than many albums actually heh). Still you can't go wrong, and if you are creative this is going to be a tool you'll cherish for as long as you play guitar (man I would love to be practicing).For recording purposes, if you're in a budget consider Reaper, it has a long demo and may be worth exploring once you cross that bridge. Yes Rocksmith can get you to the point where you consider these things if you put in the effort and time consistently.Don't forget trying the games, take them as concepts, and then develop drills. Use music theory to take these ideas further, and most of all ... Have fun and enjoyAbout me:I'm mostly self taught have been studying music on and off for 21 years. Took some college classical and modern guitar courses and almost everything Coursera has to offer and am now studyng the Art of Composing courses (101 is free dudes, consider taking it). I have musician friends, and spend more time thinking about music and music theory than my boring bill-paying and soul sucking business app development job, though I plan on focusing on game development mixing the above I also plan on developing further and Rocksmith has given me the tools and perspective needed.Well... what are you waiting for? Go on and try it !"
76561197961575651,Recommended,221680,32813113,Posted: 26 June,all,Zarunil,Awesome!
,Recommended,221680,32890639,Posted: 27 June,all,FeRReTNS,"Over 600 hours played, and still going strong. I've almost mastered Blitzkrieg bop. ( I got a 72% )"
76561197993671372,Recommended,221680,33048358,Posted: 30 June,all,TK-421,"YouIwillhavelearnlernedguitarBass!well, mastered a number of sings in Rocksmith, and I am well on my way and am now playing outside of Rocksmith as well jamming with backing tracks!"
76561197973539391,Recommended,221680,9334623,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,AlienLoRd,"This is simply not a game, but a new era of learning and mastering musical instruments...Good starting music, excellent responsivness, great sound emulation and Fantastic experience!!"
76561197972816586,Recommended,221680,8845565,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,MrMoviePhone,"I highly recommend this game if you just want something the jam to every once and while, tighten your guitar skills, or possibly learn how to play in general. I used to play guitar in a couple different bands about a decade or so ago, even traveled the west coast playing shows and opening for some decent acts... then I went to film school, left the music behind me (fun while at lasted, lead to a lot of firsts in my life :) but never managed to sell all my old gear. I've hung onto a couple of amps, guitars with various sentimental values and rarity in the market place through several moves, but in all honestly only jamed on them a handful of times, and usually just playing the old stuff form muscle memory. Rocksmith is perfect for me with a variety of progressive difficulties, and challenges to learn new material and get outside my comfort zone. Been working too hard to play recently, but since I bought the game I've plugged in more in the last couple of months then I have in the last several years! The Mavericks bug did suck though, dragging down my ability to use the software for several weeks, took them the better part of a month the fix... guess that's what I get for jumping into a new os that hasn't been properly tested."
,Recommended,221680,13998702,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Einargizz,"This game (although more of an education tool than a game) takes the concept of gamification and successfully marries it with a hands-on guitar training program.It's like having a personal guitar teacher chained in your closet, that you can whip out whenever you feel like, for as long as you feel like. It doesn't matter if you have never touched an axe in your entire life. He will sit you down, teach you how to hold the guitar, hold the pick and he will hold your hand through the first note down to the last. He will sit through with you, as you fumble your way through lessons that you are honestly not ready to start and no matter how clumsy or oafish you are, hitting the wrong string or fret time and a time again, he. Will. Never. Lose. Patience.In one week I have learned more than I honestly believed I could ever learn with a guitar.If you want to learn to play as well and you don't get this game, then you are stupid for it.Get it!"
76561197971343101,Recommended,221680,24023043,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MrTortoise,Have played guitar a long time. Gotta say this could be very good for a beginner if they use their ears and refuse to cheat. This wont teach you how to sound good but it will teach you what notes to hit when and give you the tools to play crisply. What it won't do is give you the skills to either listen to a song on your own and learn to play it or to read tab - but then thats not its goal. Its to get you functional at playing covers of the songs in the library - which really isnt extensive - however it does this REALLY well. Its obvious that a ton of work has been put into breaking these songs into meaningful increments of difficulty. There is a hack on github to get a usb DAC working so cable isnt required. The songs that are broken down on here seem to be done well though - just a shame there arn't more. Wish i had this 12 years ago ;)
76561198007441785,Recommended,221680,15912895,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,doogal,"After a lifelong career as an air guitarist, and several instances of complete failure trying to teach myself guitar, I decided to try Rocksmith.  A couple of years later I'm actually a passable guitar player.What the game will not do:It won't make you Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, Guthrie Govan, or guitar hero x.It won't hold your hand or answer every minor question you have when you first start playing.It won't teach you all the theory behind the songs you're playing.What the game will do:It will teach you enough theory to get by (via some pretty generic lessons and mini games).It will introduce you to improvisation (session mode).It will probably introduce you to some pretty cool music you haven't heard before.Possibly trigger a mid-life crisis.Probably turn you into a guitar gear junky.But most importantly it will get you past those first HUGE humps to learning guitar - building callouses, finger dexterity, and getting in some effective practice.  The biggest roadblock for me on my previous attempts to learn was wondering WTF to play when I did sit down to practice.  This game helped me personally with that a lot since you can just flip on a great song and play along without turning the pages in some book or trying to decipher a tab.  The dynamic difficulty has some quirks no doubt, but in the end you can always manually adjust what level you want the song at (for those wondering how to do this, just put the whole song in riff repeater).  So even beginners can fire up Satch Boogie and just put it on the lowest difficulty and play along (admittedly even on lowest difficulty this one could be tough for beginners).In the end, I would call this an extremely effective introduction for brand new guitar players, and a very good practice tool for beginners and intermediate players.  If you can't get into playing using this software, then playing guitar may not be for you."
,Recommended,221680,17816392,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,snap,"Before I purchased this game, I thought I could handle something as simple as a chord named Em. Turns out, I can't."
76561198012265146,Recommended,221680,18124842,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Jefftastic USMC,"If you wanna learn guitar super F****** fast, then this is the way to go. learning songs this way is 10x better than tabs once you understand how it works."
,Recommended,221680,29100550,Posted: 7 January,all,Vauun,"Excellent tool for guitarists to learn songs and improve on their technique through numerous different exercises and Rocksmith includes a good amount of free songs to get you started. I've been playing guitar for three years now and I've noticed a great improvement in my overall playing after I began to use Rocksmith.However, I find myself quietly cursing at the very poorly designed UI, and the fact that Ubisoft has its fingers in it -- Not to mention the ridiculously priced cable, but that's irrelevant.Overall, I would recommend."
,Recommended,221680,19849608,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Taibhse,"For anyone who played guitar hero and wished they could learn real guitar the same way.It is amazing that this game exists, I recommend it to everyone!"
,Recommended,221680,21444628,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Obi-Juan Bonomi,As a casual guitar player I must admit that this is the best guitar teacher I ever had. Also it is probably the best bought I ever made.Would ripp my fingers off again 10/10
,Recommended,221680,19991506,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Saytuna,Finger bleeding simulation  10/10 - nepAlso completely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥my soft fragile maiden handsto a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on hands.
,Recommended,221680,25936084,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,_Lone Wolf,"This is about the best guitar learning tool in ages. Not only is it fun, the difficulty is well enough balanced to keep you pushing harder without punishing you for having a good day. After one week of continuous use, I feel like I'm making progress in leaps. Anyways, here's the list:Pros:Easy to pick upGood learning curveMinigamesCons:Requires expensive cableInput setting bugSometimes the difficulty algorithm fails. It eventually corrects itself when you're doing poor."
76561198136885082,Recommended,221680,29813896,Posted: 9 February,all,fusionsurf5680,"SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY! I love guitars and I love video games. A great merge between the two. I’ve been playing self-taught for over twenty years, and I’ve only played rhythm. Now playing with Rocksmith I’ve branch out to Lead and bass. It’s a good time I promise. Especially with multiplayer. I suggest the Muse DL. Stockholm Syndrome was one of the best times I’ve had playing the guitar.Cons… The cable. The quality and price."
,Recommended,221680,28459907,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,NeroBron,"If I had a doller for every note this game couldn't detect... I'd have a lot of dollars...Seriously, though, if you want to learn guitar but don't know where to start, start with this game. It's got a lot of really good songs, technique lessons and various other cool things that make it fun even after playing 1000+ hours of it. The note detection may be a bit wonkey at times, but it functions like it should for the most part and even when it doesn't, it's normally missing really small detailed bits of a song. Also, the DLC list is really intimidating, but there are a lot of great songs in the base game including some new ones that are included with the Remastered edition. It may seem a bit pricey, and it is, but chances are, you'll get a hell of a lot out of this game if you get into guitar as much as I did."
76561198005085411,Recommended,221680,28393017,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ulcor,"New version is much more accurate, i can hear every note, just greatBut you need to disable your alternative audio recording divices manually, or it won`t work"
,Recommended,221680,25884316,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Pheal,Played for 4 hours and can already play songs over 60%! There's no way I could have done that with teacher lessons or YouTube / web learning. This is simply amazing.
76561198126343048,Recommended,221680,26944308,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dolphin,Great game for starters and masters. Easy to learn and fun to play with great songs and custom tracks too.
,Recommended,221680,27196847,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MajorMaverick,"This is by far the best game i have ever played.Both fun and educational.Whether you are a beginner, intermediate or pro, this game will teach you something new every day..New scales, songs, increase your playing speed,..Carefull though.. extremely addictive."
,Recommended,221680,28223329,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,shadowwolf,"What a great game, you can really learn how to play bass or electric guitar. Has a great selection of songs."
,Recommended,221680,27958879,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ferabreu1980,"This is my favorite all-time ""game"", hands down.No, you won't learn to actually play bass with this. What you will get is better practice time - especially if you are not in a band. You'll learn to react fast and play without looking at the fretboard.To actually learn to play bass, you need to follow a course - with the help of a teacher, or by yourself, with online courses. It's the only way to actually figure out what you are playing, and why. But to get quick reflexes and learn to play songs like a jukebox (and also have a lot of fun!), Rocksmith is unbeatable."
76561197969412572,Recommended,221680,27493549,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ca_blackeagle,Great game although the songs could be a bit cheaper
,Recommended,221680,24092761,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Faloogie ⌘,the hardest part of this game is trying to understand why i need uplay for it
,Recommended,221680,28084559,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jmsv27,"Haven't played bass for 9 years or so.Learned ""Deftones - My own summer"" in a few hours.Amazing learning tool, ""guitar and bass teachers hate it"" would be a good click-bait title."
,Recommended,221680,28658347,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Pseudopenggy,Made me use my electric guitar again! Thank you for the microphone mode! :D
76561198041741843,Recommended,221680,25135958,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,stubbie08,"Ever wana test your ability to fap? Or even to make your fapping hand stronger? Buy the ""Mötley Crüe DLC Pack"" and play Dr. Feelgood, Home Sweet Home, or Kickstart my Heart. You will be able to fap for at least 10 hours straight without getting cramps if you can play those songs perfect."
,Recommended,221680,28066973,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CoderFox,This is a great tool that should help guitarists of any skill level.
76561198058842343,Recommended,221680,22086669,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Sneakatone,more improved than 2011 rocksmith. I used my xbox 360 tone cable for this game and it only works with usb 2.0 which i fixed with an adapter. Since my laptop is a usb 3.0 only laptop it did not read the tone chord directly
,Recommended,221680,27980850,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ted,A proven method to kickstart learning guitar or bass with a boat load of songs to learn
,Recommended,221680,27383198,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VerganKnight,"Great to learn songs and improve yourself at guitar & bass, from beginner to expert."
76561198000910177,Recommended,221680,25926088,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,salvo_nmr,"Had a little trouble with note detection when I first started. Had my guitar services and internation adjusted, note detection worked perfectly fine. The biggest bonus to this game is it's DLC community, I recommend checking this out as there is a lot of fan made content (AC/DC, The Beatles, Guns and Roses, Matalica) which is otherwise licenced to different games i.e. guitar hero. So if you are looking for a particular band in the DLC the content is likely availible, you just need to look."
,Recommended,221680,27584988,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gnobiwan,"I've played since the first version and honestly this latest update is just what this game needed. The ability to sort, search, filter, is just amazing. I had no idea what I was doing when I first picked up a guitar, and now I can sightread and play all major chords.The only thing I would like to see is strumming practices."
,Recommended,221680,27514913,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,A Rising Ape,"Pro: Rocksmith is a fun teaching tool that also doubles as a tone simulator, which isn't bad for only forty bucks. The library of DLC is also pretty extensive these days, with something for practically every player's preferred style of music.Con: Rocksmith's user interface was created by a sociopath. The menu structure makes almost no sense, and most of the arcade games are hobbled by the fact that after each loss, you are forced to sit through an annoying and thoroughly unskippable 20 seconds of point-tallying nonsense, EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. Oh, and you have to go through a redundant front-end screen just to quit the game.Conclusion: It's a reasonably entertaining addition to any guitarist's collection, but I hope the UI designer gets eaten by rabid squirrels."
76561198133621541,Recommended,221680,24194271,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Colossus091,Makes learning guitar a little less frustrating and a little more fun. Recommended regardless of level of experience.
,Recommended,221680,24226113,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,chimes003,"I have been playing Rocksmith 2014 edition for about a week now.  I got the game during the summer sale. It is really fun and challenging.  It is far better than the original which I have on another console.  The tuner is accurate, the authentic tones sound just like the song, and the guitarcade is way better.   Get this game if you want to work on your guitar playing speed and technique.  Best game I have on Steam so far!!!"
76561198050444587,Recommended,221680,24284935,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,qAdriaNp,buy your real tone cable first. you might not be able to find one so spend wisely
,Recommended,221680,24314139,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Fr3D,"I'we played guitar for about 9 years, This is the first time I ever managed to learn so many songs that fast!If you love to play guitar hero but think it is kinda boring, and you have a guitar and want to learn to play then this is the game for you.You'll get tired of playing this game but just for a little while ;)"
,Recommended,221680,24316173,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Daedric,"A fun and decent learning tool for any beginning electric guitarist. The game has a lot of potential for customisation of the sound of your guitar, a bunch of different modes that focus on training particular guitar techniques, and there are a ton of songs available to play along to (including the ability to import custom songs people have made).The only downside I found to this game was trying to find a real tone cable available for sale. I got fairly lucky and found one one a trading site rather cheap, but depending on where you live this may be quite a difficult item to come by."
,Recommended,221680,24345378,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,a Random Stone,"this is one of the funnest games to learn the Guitar i've seen, the mini games are quite fun and doesn't feel like you're play on a Guitar"
76561198118551544,Recommended,221680,24383268,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,ALBAnator34,"I have never written any review on steam so right away by me writing this should tell you how incredible this game is. It seems that this game already has really positive reviews and I will simply add to it.I only have 11 hours logged so far and already I can see massive inprovments in my guitar playing (I had no previous experience with guitars). Moving up and down the fretboard is beginning to get smoother and more fluent and I find myself struggling to put my guitar down in order to do other things. It's addicting, the songs are great, and you don't even realize how much practice your getting at the same time. It's essentially guitar hero on steroids. This was perhaps the best purchase i have made on the steam store. Only The Witcher 3 beat it but just narrowly. If you're on the fence like I am with just about everything I buy, I say this.....DON'T. If you have the slightest drive to want to play guitar there is no cheaper way to get amazing practice than with this game.ps: I got this on the steam summer sale for what I believe was $7.99 (or something close to that). Keep in mind that you need to order the guitar cable seperately online which will cost you $30.00 as well. So when all is said and done, this cost me about $40.00 total but I dont regret even 1 penny of that. GET IT."
,Recommended,221680,24586834,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Achievement Eagle,"Fantastic game all around, Great music, Lessons are perfect for anyone starting out or that alreadys plays well. Would highly reccomend this to anyone that enjoys playing the guitar."
76561198022933731,Recommended,221680,24712614,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Merlz,I probably spend an hour just messing about with the default tone at the main menu... If you play guitar or want too.... Well why haven't you bought it yet!!!!
76561198030413844,Recommended,221680,24714818,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,svdb,"Wow, way better than the previous iteration of Rocksmith!Don't get me wrong, the previous version was great, now it's even greater.(oh, if your Rocksmith cable jack is causing trouble, noises and disconnects, just look up ""how to fix rocksmith cable"" on YT. I fixed mine and it's rock solid now)"
76561198075161832,Recommended,221680,24744169,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Ben12623,"Great game for learning to play the Guitar. I would recommend that you also get lessons at the same time as this will speed up your learning. Also having a tutor has taught me a lot about the bad habits I had picked up which isn't some think I could have learnt from this game such as proper thumb and hand placement, how to improve switching between chords and more. I have played this game now with three different guitars and not had an issue.The riff repeater is a wonderful tool which helps you to conquer the parts of a song where you get stuck and another great feature is the guitar arcade with games such as star chords which have been fun, challenging and helped me progress my chrod switching and has taught me some more chords.I can't think of anything negative to say about this game. The only thing is before buying this game you have to know that you won't be instantly good and you have to practice in order to get good."
,Recommended,221680,24748533,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,semi,"Overall it's a great way to have some fun playing with a guitar, even if you have no prior experiences.  You will want to look into CDLC or else you might get bored with the limited selection.Also, they don't really update these games aside from releasing more songs you can buy, so when you run into something that annoys you you're stuck with it until they make the next version of Rocksmith. Feels more like a console game than a PC game in that way.EDIT: see comments for a link about RockSmith2014 Remastered edition. Sounds like they are giving us a 'core game' update.But with that said there isnt really any competition making this the best of its kind. My only complaints are things like not enough minigames, not enough options for sorting songs and making playlists, and just some general interfacing issues.  The core gameplay itself is still really solid."
76561198196938015,Recommended,221680,24794817,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,hypnose72cs.money,superb game it contain a lot of song and will help you out with learning bass or guitar
76561198017705232,Recommended,221680,24867207,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,johnington,awesome game st andrew approves.
,Recommended,221680,24906110,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Tupac,"After attempting to teach myself guitar for about 3 months, I realized I was hardly making any progress. This could be because I wasn't doing it correctly or well, but I wanted to find some way to actually learn guitar and learn it well. Rocksmith 2014 did more for me in 1 month than I learned by myself in 3.For those who are new to guitar, I recommend buying ""Seven Nation Army"" by the White Stripes, as it is both a simple yet fun song to play and learn.One problem I had with the game is while I do try to do at least an hour of practice a day, I never knew exactly how much I practiced that day (the current session time on Steam includes time where you are in menus and whatnot) unless I did nonstop play for an hour straight, which is difficult to do when you want to do other stuff. This has led to me practicing for around a few minutes less than 60 and not getting a day on the 60-day challenge that you can connect your account to. This could be easily fixed by an ingame timer that basically could record how much time you spent practicing that day or that session, excluding menu and afk time."
,Recommended,221680,24939886,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sir Fabulous,"you ever play Guitar hero? this is basically Guitar Hero but with an actual guitar, if you want to play without any previous knowledge of playing a guitar or bass, this will help, its great.NOTE: you have to get a real tone cable before playing, i think you can get some on Amazon, i dont really know because i have heard about issues finding it in Canada, but in the US it might be easier. if you cant find it on its own, you can buy the game itself and get the cable with it for the same price or lower i believe"
,Recommended,221680,24990097,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Nastiquid,This is a very good game i learnt how to play the bass on a mass variaty of songs very quicly
,Recommended,221680,25026153,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,RockstarGamers,"Amazing game, high replay value, dlc every week added. Great game support, small learning curve, fastest way to learn guitar, my kids are in a rock band because of this game. Over 200 hours playtime recorded. Thanks for making this game!"
,Recommended,221680,25040377,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Kirin,"I love me some boomchickabaaawoooow. And this game has that .. It teaches you how to play songs .. on guitar.. or bass.. you'll need to ""real tone cabel"" .. so might aswell get it of ebay or something in a bundle.. or if you allready got the first version and allready got the cabel.. this is way better than the first one.. it's oh so good."
,Recommended,221680,25092433,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,El Jefe Vador,Rocksmith 2014 is a great game and a fun way to learn to play the guitar. I have always been a rhythm player in the past and I'm using Rocksmith to learn more about lead. I've been having a great time with the game and intend to take proper lessons and some point because of my experience with Rocksmith. I hope they keep improving and putting out new tunes as well as make a new version in the future. Strongly recommended!
,Recommended,221680,25153829,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Macros,Learning is fun. Good mix of songs and lessons!
76561197973407398,Recommended,221680,24956407,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Frugal,"If you used to play Rockband / Guitar Hero Like I did, and you wonder if you could play a real guitar or bass, buy this game/ learning tool.For me Rocksmith has a dual purpose:1) Use it to learn Guitar and have a lot of fun doing it. I don't feel that RS can turn you into an amazing guitarist because it really doesn't teach much music theory or much technique, but it is a lot of fun and will encourage you to improve your skills in and out of the game.2) This can also become a great party game since you can hook up a mic and even have 2 ppl on instruments simultaneously. I usually kick back a few beers while playing, and I have a blast doing it. If you treat this game only as a party game, you probably won't see much improvement in your skills, because you really need to practice daily if possible.If you've been kicking around the idea of buying RS, I would recommend you do so, just be sure to get the real tone cable   before you buy the steam version."
76561198007355213,Recommended,221680,25015017,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,kowalski-87,"Hard for a complete beginner, but a fantastic game. Actually, more like a jamming software than a game!"
,Recommended,221680,25059799,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Vionicles,"Rocksmith 2014 is essentially an improved version of the earlier installment in the series, and I have to say that Ubisoft really nailed it with this one.The game provides a simple, good-looking and smooth experience for people to learn and play the guitar, regardless of skill level.With this game you can learn to play along to your favourite songs, practice your slides, harmonics, chords, play minigames in the Guitarcade, test yourself to reach higher and higher scores in the Score Attack mode and much much more.Being an intermediate guitar player that just picked up the electric, I have to admit that playing this game has been a blessing. Within the first five hours of playing I had already learnt more than I had after 3 years of lessons. The game is easy to use and gives you plenty of time learn the songs you love, allowing you to increase and decrease the difficulty and speed of specific segments with the Riff Repeater.The game starts off with a generous amount of songs for you to play, and allows you to purchase hundreds of other songs for a relatively cheap price with new DLC being brought out weekly. If there's a song that you want to play that isn't in the main game or any of the DLC, there's also a great chance that you can find and download a Custom DLC from any of the many community websites.The only bad things I can say is that the game might not recognize you playing some power chords if there's a lot of distortion going on, and that you have to go to a store and buy a Real Tone Cable before you can play.Buying this game is probably one of the best decisions I've made recently, and  if you are a beginner and want to improve your guitar playing skills, or if you're a master and just want to have som fun challenging yourself to clear Fury of the Storm with 100% accuracy. I suggest that you spend the around 50€ for the game and the cable, and go have some fun! ;)"
,Recommended,221680,25277014,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MrChaos,This has been the best thing for me for learning to play guitar and bass. I had been playing guitar mostly self taught for a couple years before Rocksmith. I originally played on my PS3 but when it stopped working I bought it when there was a sale on Steam.Favorite features:#Guitarcade#Learn a song#Score AttackI highly recommend this to anyone wanting to learn how to play guitar or bass but has a hard time wanting to put in the time on endlessly boring practicing.
76561198055124615,Recommended,221680,25286874,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Astrosurgeon,"Best version of guitar hero for the PC, run better than GH3 and you're actually learning a real instrument. 10/10"
,Recommended,221680,25557187,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Farts McGee!,"Alright, after 600 hours of play time I think that it's time I endorse this program.  I love this.  It is the epitomy of an ideal ""game-ification"" of an often times tedious chore of practicing an instrument.  With that said, this isn't a product for everyone.  If you are looking for the fun silly party game that was Rock Band or Guitar hero you will be seriously dissappointed.  On the other hand, if you sat down and mastered expert mode and played guitar hero for countless hours on your own so that you could say you beat Reverend Horton Heat's song with 5 stars then you will find Rocksmith to be an utter joy.What Rocksmith is: The perfect practice tool.  Guitarists of all skill levels will find satisfaction in either the freestyle session mode where you can have a band back you up while you jam, learning to master lynard skynard's grueling runs or expanding your skill set in the guitarcade.  The DLC offers an genuinely insane amount of songs and there is enough there to sample virtually all styles of rock.What Rocksmith isn't: Something that anyone can pick up and enjoy in 10 minutes.  The guitar interface isn't entirely intuitive and just like learning to read music and tabs you have to learn how to read the guitar promts as well.  It works wonderfully, but honestly there is a pretty substantial learning curve.  It also isn't really something that you are going to enjoy with many other people.  If you shell out and get a second cord then you and a buddy can play, but still this is generally a solitary experience.  There is no online mode.So you think you're in? Buy the game and pick up the cord from amazon. Good luck and have fun."
76561198034307723,Recommended,221680,26280375,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Titty Whampus,"Ive tried to learn guitar many times, both through lessons and self teachings. This is the only thing so far that has kept me interested. Highly reccomend."
76561197971161194,Recommended,221680,26652710,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,fadamor,"I've been using Rocksmith since the first version came out for the PC. This is definitely the best way to build your ""chops"" without paying for weekly guitar lessons. The ONLY negative I can think of regarding Rocksmith is that it doesn't teach anything about musical notation or reading sheet music, but how many rock musicians do you see on stage with a music stand and sheet music? :D"
,Recommended,221680,26671861,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,abyouse,Instant and fun experience for any lonely musician out there. Works well even on Macbook and the Remastered update made the game even more user-friendly. Bargain!
76561198268767194,Recommended,221680,26698835,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DLoco8930,"I've wanted to learn bass for what seems like forever; yet, like many others, I've made one excuse after another why I should not get one. Well, I finally got my bass (Fender Squier Precision Bass starter kit, btw) and was checking prices in my area for private lessons. Would you believe I was quoted as much as $300 per month?! That's outrageous! Then, my friend told me about Rocksmith(R), so I checked it out.The first thing I looked at, of course, was the price. It was only $39.99 and I had to buy a special cable to plug my guitar into my PC (any guitar with a 1/4"" jack input will work). The Real Tone cable from Ubisoft was only another thirty bucks. Here's the math: A total fee of $70.00 vs. $300 each and every month. Okay, so far, I'm thinking, ""this is a no-brainer, but just how good is this software, really?""Unlike your typical CD/DVD lessons that come with books and such, Rocksmith(R) is completely interactive, covering many necessary technical skills and even provides real feedback when notes are not played correctly, In addition, it includes several fun, arcade-style mini-games to reinforce the skills you just learned in the technical lessons, so you can start playing like a pro in no time!Well, that's my review. I hope you found it helpful. I've told you how Rocksmith(R) is both incredibly affordable and amazingly innovative. Are you still wondering if it's the right time for you? Believe me, there is no better time than now. Come on, grab your axe! Your friends are waiting to jam with you!  \m/"
76561198155921831,Recommended,221680,28547086,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,loco_ono,"I've been playing these games since 2014 and I am STILL buying new songs.Highly recommend. SO much fun and an easy way to always be practicing bass/guitar.Recent updates have made recognizing non-E standard songs even easier. I used to have a major problem with my bass being recognized as playing the proper notes but it's become much easier to play these songs after the remastered version has been released.Ubisoft is incredible for improving Rocksmith 2014 and instead of releasing a new game, they released the improvements for FREE to everyone that already had 2014."
76561198028957529,Recommended,221680,24925310,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,jarboogies,"I'm currently playing it to learn bass, with ukulele being my only experience. It's a great game to learn a couple of songs on.BUY THE CABLE SEPARATELY, THEY CAN BE FOUND ON AMAZON."
76561198055675695,Recommended,221680,25087684,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kivisildur,Have also played the first Rocksmith I see there are a lot of improvements. I still think this is one of the most fun way to pick up guitar playing at any given time.
,Recommended,221680,25139535,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,The Cadiuro,"It's a great practising tool for guitar and bass, or for just playing along with songs."
76561198007329044,Recommended,221680,25642788,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Robmachine,An excellent program for pro's and beginners alike. Will challenge you if you know how to play and will teach you if you don't. You can adjust the speed of the songs and repeat riffs that you are having trouble and learn at your own pace.
,Recommended,221680,27228025,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MurderousMoppet,Cannot. Stop. Playing. I know I should really be practicing the guitar more outside of Rocksmith given my limited free time but it just makes it so easy to play along with a lot of my favorite songs.  That and I'm lazy.  I really wish this was around 25 years ago when I had far more time to dedicate to playing.  Anyone looking to learn to play guitar (or just pick it back up like I did) should definately pick this up.I highly recommend lowering the music volume in the settings so you can hear your playing well enough to know if you are making mistakes.   I also recommend turning off the dynamic difficulty and just maxing out the song from the beginning and using the riff repeater to slow down and learn the song. The note tracking works fairly well but it is wrong just enough to make Score Attack incredibly frustrating.  Too many times it will either give me credit for a note I missed or more annoyingly say I missed a note that I know I nailed (and have even verified by recording myself).  Sometimes I can attribute it too pushing down too hard and making the note go sharp but more often it seems like it is just wrong.  It makes getting through even a fairly simple song with 100% accuracy difficult.  It also leads a lot desire in terms of learning rhythm.  Inspite of all that it is still incredibly fun and rewarding.
,Recommended,221680,32902358,Posted: 27 June,all,*Kiithid,The best in terms of picking up and learning the very basic stuff
76561198154288081,Recommended,221680,22779111,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Diabetic_Mango,It is probably one of the fastest ways to learn guitar and is also good for experienced players aswell :3.
,Recommended,221680,32908106,Posted: 27 June,all,Kyle,cool
,Recommended,221680,14860684,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,RogerTavares,Love this game!
76561198003269506,Recommended,221680,15056276,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,EpicPants,"Love this game.I stopped playing guitar for a while now and I have to say since I have this I'm having fun playing guitar again :)What you get out of Rocksmith 2014 depends heavily on how you treat it.It's important to realise that it is not a complete learning program but rather a practice tool, however, this is the fastest way to learn guitar."
76561198087087762,Recommended,221680,15068871,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,fancy saxophone,"Great game for learning how to play guitar so far-- I've come farther than I thought in the span of a week. However, an actual teacher will be better for fine tuning your skills."
76561198128442373,Recommended,221680,15113018,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,utx90,"Rocksmith 2014 helps me justify and rationalize my video game addiction...  The hours spent can now be viewded as time spent ""practicing.""  As a bonus, my guitar played skills have increased drastically!There is a bit of a ""learning curve"" for this game, but (much like sore fingers) if you keep playing, it gets better!The more you play, the better you get-  The more you play....  I love it!"
,Recommended,221680,19948531,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,hachibushu,"How do you describe a game that's not a game... or even rate it?I am a classical guitarist, but just like with my keyboards, I don't play contemporary very well.  I've tried varying things, but contemporary pieces just don't flow like non-contemporary ones to me.  My fingers just can't seem to adapt.  So I know the  techniques behind playing, and can read music.I tried Rocksmith 2012, and it was much like my other forays.  I did a bit, realized that it wasn't really helping, and dropped it.  I purchased Rocksmith 2014 on a whim on sale.  For the first time, I feel like I am learning, and picking things up.  I can play contemporary songs!  And though I haven't reached master where the fretboard disappears, I'm using it more for reference than a crutch.I think, after analyzing it, it's that the 'game' doesn't treat you like you don't know anything, and it also doesn't treat you like you know everything.  It adapts a lot better than the first.But the big thing is I'm enjoying just playing, and I don't feel incompetent in doing so.Not sure if this would work well for others that don't know anything.  Or are on varying levels of expertise.  But it seems to be working well for me."
76561198056789973,Recommended,221680,21357840,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Moleculious,"This game/learning tool is amazing. I had played guitar for years prior to purchasing this, but have always had difficulty learning full songs. This game with the riff repeater option has changed all that.prosI play on a mac and it works flawlessly with no lag during complex songs.You can change speed at which to play along withchoose your own path of lead or backupyou can focus on one section of a song or lead or a few sections at your own pace in the riff repeateryou can change the difficulty and have less notes to start out with and ease your way in (caution though, as sometimes you will want to put the difficulty up higher than you can play in order to understand the best finger positioning for a certain chord or riff)intuitive on screen display allows you to play without reading music or tablatureyour gaming addiction will now actually give you a tangeable skill!DLC is forward compatible from the original version, so the song list is pretty robust. Just try to remember the game is called ROCKsmith, so there is lots of rock songs and metal songs, but not a lot of country or jazz.consthe steam version does not come with the rocksmith cable, which is required, proprietary, and costly. Any old midi cable will not do. Even if you have an electric or an electric acoustic guitar or bass...you will not be able to just buy this game from steam and be able to play. YOU MUST ALSO BUY THE CABLE!!!so I bought the game on sale for 10 bucks but still had to pay $30 for the cable, which took my broke♥♥♥♥♥months to actually buy. My advice is to wait for a sale on amazon or something and buy the game and cable together.other thoughtsThe mini games are hit and miss, with some being enjoyable and others not so much.some of these games have a hard time if your guitar's intonation is off, so yu may need to have it adjusted. My guitar has some intonation that is pretty bad, but for the most part in songs it still works perfectly....one or two of the minigames are unplayable...but that is my gear and not the games fault.there is a ""session mode"" which allows you to use preset jams to practice scales over, with a difficulty setting to even allow playing over changes and improvising.Buy the Ronda alla turca DLC from Mozart....it is so fun and if you ever get it down including the solo...you will feel great pride!I honestly wish this game was available 20 years ago. I strongly urge you to get this game for yourself...or anyone in your life who wants to learn or improve their guitar skills."
76561198016677915,Recommended,221680,30759859,Posted: 26 March,all,Assholeoff,buy a guitar !
,Recommended,221680,32719326,Posted: 24 June,all,Thanatos,If intro be skippable would be great.but still ok
76561198287746951,Recommended,221680,28813041,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,bretmon123,"I highly recommend Rocksmith to any age wanna be players. Great selection of songs to play with then of course DLC  downloadable tracks. Ive been playing on and off for years but found it increasingly diffiicult to master any of the songs I was trying to play. Couldnt afford too many lessons basically because of costs. Played with friends in my early days then found it difficult to find local people to jam with.  This ""game"" is perfect with the way it will follow your progress and increase the difficulty as you move on, heaps of reviewable options for studying each part as its brocken down.  Slow it down till you get it right then rehearse in full tempo. I wish this was around when I started It would have taken me to greater heights a whole lot earlier. UNREAL."
76561197987253930,Recommended,221680,15266607,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Wereferret,day 2 and am starting to get where the frets are and strings. real easy and learning at own pace is awesome. highly recommend to teach all ages
,Recommended,221680,29712120,Posted: 4 February,all,Taleweaver,"Okay...review in progress. Also: first-time ever guitar player (using nothing but this and a cheap guitar called fazley). Learning guitar is obviously not easy and my guitar hero skills don't apply (alas :P ), so...Now I'm at 70 hours. This went straight up to my most played steam game, and no sign of stopping (I haven't even played all songs or lessons yet). Played for about 60 days, more or less every day. Have I improved? Obviously. Do I have fun? Pretty much the entire time. Have I learned to play the guitar? Of course not. Playing an instrument isn't a ""you can or you can't"" thing. It's about practice, practice and more practice. The thing is not to have it become a chore or hitting a wall. Without testing other means of learning to play it's hard to guess, but I think this does a great job of keeping things fresh and always having something for you to work on that's within your grasp. That, perhaps more than anything else, makes this something worth getting even for non-gamers.(older review)At this point (40 hours in), I can't but agree with all the other reviewers that it's a solid must buy (at least for absolute beginners). It may require some searching and tinkering, but there is always something to improve that isn't outside your (limited) expertise. Be it repeating that riff from Hey ya or paint it black, or just trying songs or guitarcade games or even practicing the tracks from the lessons.I'm not sure about other guitar learning software, but at least this does a great job of making your guitar skills measurable.Becoming good at guitar is still FAR outside my grasp, and that ""60 days to learn guitar"" seems awfully optimistic to me (I'm about halfway in days), but I'm still having at least as fun as the first hours (just kidding: it's actually far more fun).(even older review):I'm about 14 hours in, and still loving it. And that's rather amazing, as I just keep repeating the few lessons and guitarcade games I'm somewhat familiar with in order to not screw up. At this pace, it'll be 100'000 hours before I mastered all lessons, minigames and songs, but I'm having fun while doing it.Obviously, I'm not very far and anything involving bending or above is still way above me (I'm currently focussing on finding the right frets and strumming correctly). But at this time, I can say that the game certainly doesn't make you feel dumb when you're busy attempting things.Thus far no criticism. It's still way too early to tell if this guitar will end up collecting dust or that it'll sill be touching the thing two months from now. But I SERIOUSLY doubt that'll be because of Rocksmith 2014. :-)"
76561198015007901,Recommended,221680,21791105,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Fox,"I personally have a difficult time learning music others have written from sheets of paper.  I don't always understand the speed I need to play at, the way it is strummed, etc.  Having started appreciating guitar more from back when Rock Band was new, and countless hours with friends playing that and Guitar Hero 3, I was excited for Rocksmith.  But this is Rocksmith 2014, so I'll talk about it.This game improves on its initial release.  You have access to all the old songs, but now they are less simplified, closer to the actual song.  There is more variety for playing chords, again, closer to the actual songs (probably spot-on).  I can now play REAL music and still have little colored shapes going across the screen.  The game has improved my ability to spot-read, and because I'm using a real guitar and don't just have to get it ""close-enough,"" it encourages me to actually practice the songs slowly so I KNOW what I'm actually playing.  I find myself actually playing bits of my favorite songs, even without the game, making it far more useful than my hours of Rock Band playing.  ^_^With the wide selection of DLC, I can still play many of those old songs for real now.  If I have any issues, they are relatively small.  First, playing Bass on here is terrible.  The system has the hardest time in the world registering that I have played notes in normal tuning.  It's far worse in Drop D, and  I have yet to find the ""sweet spot"" I need to have my finger in to get it to understand I'm playing F instead of .847E#/F...  I have a bass guitar and still feel like I have to practice it without Rocksmith because it's just no fun if you're hitting all the notes and it tells you contrary.  Equally, the game has trouble registering notes on regular guitar the lower I tune.  Drop D is tough sometimes, but it seems if I put my finger closer to the fret, it registers fine.  Eb has been alright.  But going into Drop C territory for Skillet and A Day to Remember has been the worst.  Most of the time I end up frustrated that I sound fine on the actual instrument, but it's not good enough for the game.  Last time I tried to play, I played very soft...the opposite of how heavy, deep, metal songs are supposed to be played, I thought, and it registered just fine.  Maybe I just need control.So for anyone wanting to learn how to play guitar for real and still have fun (yes, there are fun arcade games, though a very different lineup from the original Rocksmith...how I miss baseball...) this is the ""game"" for you.  At first, your fingers are going to have to get used to this because it IS work, and it is playing Real guitar, but after you build up callouses, you're on your way to sheetless rocking!  I have no regrets."
,Recommended,221680,7660882,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Zoopador,"Don't even bother buying the original (except for the songs to import if it goes on sale), this game is all you need. It's faster, slicker and full of tons more rock."
76561198017274956,Recommended,221680,27012866,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GrimLuck,"Rocksmith is an amazing tool for learning guitar.  I started teaching myself (incorrectly) about ten years ago.  Before Rocksmith I could play a few dozen songs, but certainly not with what I would call skill or technique.  Nor did I have a proper understanding of the instrument, and thus could never just jam freely.This innovative program teaches players the RIGHT way, even those who have never touched a guitar.  Rocksmith includes lessons for beginners and seasoned players alike with many guitar-related topic covered from tuning and learning your first notes to power chords and solos.  Learning scales and technique is also made incredibly easy and fun through a number of mini games using the guitar as a controller.Then comes the best part: learning songs.  This is where Rocksmith is truly amazing.  In the beginning songs start very simplistic, allowing players to learn finger placement and tempo.  At first, difficult techniques and even chords are omitted so players can learn individual notes and strings.  If the player struggles, the song will remain undifficult.  As the player improves consistantly, the program increases the difficulty, slowly adding techniques such as chords, slides, bends, solos, and much more.  If the player struggles again, Rocksmith responds by intuitively lowering the difficulty.  Advanced players can indicate their skill level and bypass this process.  At any time, players can pause a song and practice difficult sections.  In addition, with each song, the program will make suggestions about lessons to revisit or sections to practice for improvement.The base game's song bank includes plenty of excellent tunes to keep players busy with many hours of shredding.  When those are mastered, the DLC library grows constantly and includes a plethora of amazing music, both iconic and lesser known.Please don't let the fact that Rocksmith was developed by Ubisoft turn you away.  The program is well polished, easy to use, and extremely responsive.  I cannot speak for others, but I have yet to encounter any type of bug or crash.  Please be aware you will need to purchase the Real Tone cable to play, and of course have an electric guitar or bass.If you are interested in learning guitar, or know anyone who is, Rocksmith is the perfect personal tutor.  And with it, you will learn a skill that will provide far more satisfaction than all the games on Steam.Also the ladies love a guitarist.  Just saying."
,Recommended,221680,20198730,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ian,Awesome game. I hightly recommend it for those interested in learning guitar. But STILL look into getting lessons as it doesn't teach everything. I have trouble getting bends to register properly but maybe thats just me. I also still struggle with  arpeggios and I really don't understand why this game displays them in two different ways?
,Recommended,221680,12066723,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Paul,I learned my first chords 25 years ago. I learned many solo acoustic fingerstyle songs from tabs. Rocksmith 2014 is a far better teaching tool than anything I've seen. The way it slowly presents you with greater challenges is very well done and a lot of fun.
,Recommended,221680,17972276,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,telcanty,Simply Awesome.
,Recommended,221680,10920260,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheHardyKlar,"As a bassists, I find Rocksmith 2014 to be an absolute blast to play. Before the only way I had to play these songs was by printing off tabs from websites, or by having to listen to parts of a song over and over again in order to figure out what was being played. The best part about this game is the Riff Repeater, which allows you to play sections of a song over and over at different speeds and difficulties. I was not a beginner when I started playing, but Rocksmith is a great way to keep my skill up.The only cons with the game are the limited song selection starting out, and the fact that the song difficulty takes a really long time to change for advanced players.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,221680,10568262,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,((BDCF))Rick,Ever wanted real life Guitar Hero? Well this is it! Not only is it intuitive to play but you also get better at guitar! It's like killing two birds with one stone!
,Not Recommended,221680,32160305,Posted: 3 June,all,SpherE,"First off I really apologise for writing this short of a review.A little bit about me - I have been a guitarist for many years, learning from tabs and guitar teachers. These days there is a wealth of information on the internet on learning guitar.Rocksmith.Pros:Game goes over scales and the nuances of guitar playing, really good compared to giving learning tabs alone.Real tone cable tracks decently well(if you get it to work somehow)Amp and cab sims are an OK in my book. It's no BIAS fx but it ain't too bad.Cons:Microphone fucnction sucks. I used 3 different audio interface and 3 different microphones, all don't get detected. I've tried everything from changing USB ports, changing the channel, looking on the internet but no avail.You get like 30 songs(probably more, I don't know) pre-dlc. I hear customforge is a great way to get more of them.Real tone cable is a piece of junk. Other reviewers will have a better time describing it than me. It is overpriced. It is low quality."
,Recommended,221680,32894064,Posted: 27 June,all,Trampojunk,"2 days and 10 hours in, I love it :).Edit: 1 week and 30 hours in now, still enjoying it. It's getting really hard now with the game trowing chords at me while I'm just new to even holding a pick in my hands. This might take some time to learn but I still feel there is a little progress made every 2-3 hours of practise.Edit : 45 hours in and its getting really hard, now, I have to repeat parts over and over again to play it. I'm getting bored (not of the game but of the amount of practice I have to put in), so I think I'm gonne play other games now. Would still recommend this 1 though."
,Recommended,221680,26692166,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,I'mAMemeGamer,This Is an amazing way to learn the guitar fun and helps you along at the speed you prefer 10/10
,Recommended,221680,13592734,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,penis yeezus,played so hard my guitar strings broke8/8gr8 game m8
12375423265425432,Recommended,221680,28113543,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,gravity radio,cant think of a better way to start off playing guitarmight get repetitive for intermediate playerspossibly most fun you can have playing alone as an advanced playerjust make sure that its not your main/only source of learning guitar if you are a beginner
76561198133723438,Recommended,221680,19381472,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Feels Boosted Man,Awesomebut can I buy the import tool without rocksmith 1
76561198085107457,Recommended,221680,23677061,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jlegvari,Great program from novice to advanced.  It has helped me get rid of a lot of bad habits and tighten up my playing ability.
,Recommended,221680,23733833,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,3cansDown,Brilliant; if you can't learn using RS you probably don't have enough fingers...(Note: you do need to have a correctly setup guitar or you'll have problems)
76561198187719885,Recommended,221680,23734482,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,philip,"Because of Rocksmith 2014, and probably only because of Rocksmith 2014, I've been playing guitar for 3 years. The 556 hours of game time shown above is only since I've been playing on Steam/Mac/PC in the last year.  The 1500+ hours I played on XBox 360 since 2013 aren't included.  You won't find many other games with this kind of replayability.  No form of practice has ever held my attention like RS2014.Thanks to the skills I've ""self-taught"" through Rocksmith, I'm often near the top of the leaderboards.  Even if it were necessary to start taking lessons to advance to the next level, Rocksmith would still be the best way to practice.  Why play to sheet music of children's songs or 19th century classics; instead play to fantastic arrangements of 19th century classics, or better still, play along with your favorite bands.  Being able to play R.E.M.'s ""The One I Love"" while Michael Stipe does the singing or be The Cranberries lead or rhythm guitarist on ""Zombie"" is magical.It would be impossible to recommend this any higher for someone that has a desire to learn Guitar or Bass.  This not a button smashing rhythm game where being good has zero value.  Skills learned here are real and can be used to play in a real band on a real stage in real life."
76561198082903482,Recommended,221680,19389774,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,DareDevilGamerGirl,Exellent game that teaches you guitar as well as having fun!
76561198041956427,Recommended,221680,27519588,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ObliviatedEchos,Awesome and easy to learn bass or guitar.
76561198014352252,Recommended,221680,29890201,Posted: 12 February,all,einarabelc5,"Overall I reccomend it, only two problems1: is the tabbing is not always the most efficient way to play, for example on Jimi Hendrix Little wing there's a double stop tabbed as fret 5 on the G string and fret 9 on the D string. That's ridiculous, in Eb those notes are B and Bb. You can just play fret 5 on the G string and the open B string. THe songs are full of annoying quirks like that. If you know the fretboard you can do the conversion but for learning, who the hell is revieweing these?2: The open note notation, they use a bar that takes 2 to 3 frets, when you're playing arpeggios in the lower frets (1 to 3) and lower strings (E, A, D)  combined with the other strings it gets REALLY crowded in the screen and it becomes really impossible to sight read.Everything else has been improving consistently and becoming better."
,Recommended,221680,18788694,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Backfire321,"This is a very useful tool when learning to play guitar or bass, the only downside I with this is that the DLCs cost way too much."
,Recommended,221680,34596332,Posted: 29 August,all,o SQUEEZY o,A really good place to start learning guitar.
,Recommended,221680,35403567,Posted: 1 October,all,[YT] PERD THE ZOMBIE MUSIC©,Best way to learn guitar but still not better than Foozician
,Recommended,221680,28802193,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chicken Joe,"I don't really think most games need to be reviewed, but Rocksmith is a weird exception because it advertises itself as (kind-of) a way to learn guitar or bass. It's not that, but it's not bad either. The best word for Rocksmith is ""neat"".It can't teach you guitar. It can show you some tabs for fun riffs and it can teach you a couple chords, but there's no hint of music theory, not even a good explanation of scales. If you want to learn an instrunment, this is a great thing to use on the side. If you already know an instrunment, this is a neat game.The best part  is probably the fact that you get to have a cable that goes straight from your instrunment to your pc and you get a big effects library to play with.Rocksmith is great to play around with, just don't expect too much from it.EDIT: If you have an integrated and a dedicated graphics card, make sure to set the dedicated graphics card to work for Rocksmith. It seems to want to use the integrated card, which makes it look like♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198082714814,Recommended,221680,21735331,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Joji,"Seeing as I have 200+ hours on this game and only 13 achievements you probably think I've been idling and probably haven't played all of the game. The second part of that sentence is true as I have spent the majority of those 200 hours playing songs that have been modded in by the extensive, constantly growing community.When people think of modding normally they may think of reinstallling skyrim countless times due to corrupt files and installing loads of pointless software off dodgy websites. Rocksmith isn't like this. All you have to do is 1. own a DLC off the game (they cost a pound it isn't bad) 2. download a song of your choice off about 700 pages of songs 3. Change the DLCs ID so the game thinks it's the DLC you own. Thats briefly what you need to do theres tutorials all over the internet on what to do. I've installed 360 different songs onto this game and I've never had an issue.When I bought this game I wasn't a noob to the games. I had played the original game which was alright and I had been playing guitar for years anyway. I've used this game to practice songs for performing and it has been very successful. The design of the game is simple to use and easy to play along to. This game is one of the few good ubisoft games (other great titles being king kong the video game and Howrse.)In summary this game is perf if you want to learn or become better at guitar. Once you've played the base game theres a hell of a lot of CDLC for you to chose from.Only bad thing is you have to pay for ""Smoke on the water"" and thats just down right offensive."
76561198009065341,Recommended,221680,28351142,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,spiggy g,Quite simply the most fun you can have with a computer... and a guitar.
,Recommended,221680,33160501,Posted: 2 July,all,Esteban de Santos Escobar Chaves,METAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALgo to ignition or customforgeMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETAL
76561198361880936,Recommended,221680,30911002,Posted: 2 April,all,MAALIQTHEDAALIQ1,"I never knew how to play the guitar until the first Rocksmith came out. After buying the game and a cheap guitar i found myself spending contless hours and had to buy  RS2014 as soon as it came out!! Continuing my journey to master the guitar (i hope i'll master it soon, although i've pogressed massively in the last 5 years).  I played through pretty much most of the songs and spent around £40 on dlc on the PS4. (Back when i was a console peasant, still occasionally play it) I bought my pc and noticed it was on sale here on steam and could not resist buying it again for the CDLC's which has been an absolute joy to play along to. I've ALMOST mastered Bury Tomorrow's; Man on fire with a few more notes to learn on the guitar solo and then i would have completed my goal in 2 weeks. (I did not set myself a deadline). If you just stick at it for even 30 minutes a day, you'll find yourself playing the guitar much quicker than a session here or there. You need to be determined and accept that you'll make 100's, 1,000's of mistakes to make any progress otherwise you might as well not bother. If it had not been for Rocksmith, i don't think i would have ever thought about playing the guitar. I know you can't communicate to your fellow members on discord while playing Rocksmith, but i'm not bothered as i make much more progress just concentrating on learning new songs on the guitar. One of the best purchases i have ever made was buying Rocksmith/Rocksmith2014."
,Recommended,221680,20305572,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,dberlin80,"I ""only"" have  about 11h of playtime on this program when writing this review. But I just wanted to tell everyone how pleased I am with this piece of software.I'm somewhat an experienced ""musician"" but not on guitar- it's been always my dream to play it though but I think my parents were in shock seeing LED Zeppelin, Jimi Hendrix or KISS in the 70s and never wanted me to be a guitar stomping maniac \m/(~.~)\m/Anyways, I picked up a guitar a few years ago but never really got me more than strumming a few chords. My problem certainly was playing not daily as I used to on my other instrument.Note: It's not just about talent or a teacher- even the best teacher can't practice for you! You need to play and practice regularly with a certain amount of devotion and variety.And this is exactly what this ""game"" does. You pick a song you'd like to learn und play guitar hero like by first just plucking a few notes; the program recognizes your failures or your skills and advances the next time and/or recommends to practice the riffs you've been bad at.I can't tell how much fun it is to learn a song step by step.  It's highly motivating. I never played the guitar as much as now. One of my friends is a professional guitar player and he told me that he skipped 3(!) teachers until he found the one that finally taught him with devotion. In contrast to his earlier teachers- this guy said.. Ok, now take the guitar and let's play Smoke on the Water! Just like Jack Black.. xDI mean ..come on- didn't you ever want to play a song for yourself when hearing that? ""Airguitaring"" it when you're alone? xDAlso, there is a huge arsenal of guitar technique videos- holding the guitar, chords, arpergios, slides... basics but also very advanced techniques just to name a few.And these are not just show off videos- you'll be shown the technique and then you'll have to play it and the computer analyzes your progress.If you're really into really into learning guitar... then get Rocksmith 2014 and the cable! You'll never regret.ROCK ON!"
76561197985559044,Recommended,221680,20093542,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lesus,"Firstly, before I turned on the original Rocksmith for 360, I was a complete noob at guitar. Now I can pick up any guitar and play and sing along with a pretty impressive song list. By the time you read this review you'll see I've spent nearly or over 500 hours on this game. It's my most played game in my library, averaging around 10 hours a week, sometimes more if I get a wind of motivation going up to as much as 20 hours a week. Point is, I clearly like this game, and you don't need a review to see I would recommend it. You can do that just by looking at my profile activity. Note: My Steam time isn't my total time spent on guitar. I dabbled with the original Rocksmith, played quite a bit of 2014 on the Xbox 360 before switching to steam and have also spent roughly the same time playing acoustic.But this isn't just a game. It's a game that teaches you a real skill, so instead of answering the usual questions of how the game works (It's got a UI similar to the Guitar Hero and Rockband games) or the graphics (Pretty straight forward here. Graphics are functional but not over intrusive over the note highway). Instead I'll answer the question people are really interested in’If I buy this game, will I learn guitar?’.I can’t answer that with a straight yes or no. However, if you were to say to me, ‘I’m learning guitar, should I buy Rocksmith?’ the answer is a clean yes. Why? Because Rocksmith isNOTthe ultimate tool for learning guitar. It can, however, be used as part of a toolbox of educational tools (all free minus price of guitar) to strengthen many of the skills needed for effective guitar playing. It just doesn’t teach you them all. If you buy it expecting it to magically teach you guitar in a few months, you’ll be sorely disappointed. If however, you’re committed to learning the guitar, you’ll find it an irreplaceable tool. There are certain things that unfortunately Rocksmith can’t teach, and it comes down to the will and determination of the individual to plough through these physical limitations.For example, if you’re a complete novice picking up your first guitar, you have two hurdles from your body. Firstly, you’re lack of knowledge of the fretboard will have you spending more time staring at your hands position then anything else. This can be frustrating in Rocksmith because trying to play a song, even on the easiest difficulty, will still result in more time looking at the fretboard than the screen. This causes frustration and that’s dangerous because that is when people will start to think ‘Screw this, I’m going to go play to play League of Legends’ or whatever the young people are wasting their time on nowadays and the guitar is never picked up again. Another common issue for the novice is limb independence. This is a person's ability to move one arm independent of the other. At the early days of learning a guitar, again, you’re going to want to focus on hand position and the fret board. This means being able to strum without thinking about it and that’s a challenge in itself.Trying to master both at the same time can be rough for a guitar noobie, and it’s the first and most common wall people will give up on. The good news is that everyone has the same problem when starting out and it’s simply an issue of muscle memory, meaning if you practice then the body will learn by itself and if you stick at it, you’ll have one magical day when something clicks and you’re body just starts to work. You won’t have to think about strumming and your hands will feel like they are more naturally falling into the chord shapes at the right position on the fretboard. This is a magical day for all budding guitarists, and this is when I recommend moving on to Rocksmith because now you’ll be able to play the simpler songs on 100% difficulty at full speed and once you do that, you’ll start to actuallyfeellike a guitarist.Rocksmith’s gift is that it is second to none for being a tool develop accuracy and muscle memory in many of the skills required to play guitar. Add CDLC (Google it) and it becomes essential. If you’re already learning guitar you can jump in at any level and take advantage of Rocksmith. It makes practice time, fun and easy to measure progress. However if you want this to magically and effortlessly turn you into an irresistible guitar playing woman magnet.. well, keep dreaming.SIDE NOTE AND RECOMMENDATIONIf you genuinely want to learn guitar, then instead of starting here, I recommend buying an acoustic and putting ‘easy acoustic song tutorial’ in to Youtube. Start with something like Green Day’s Good Riddance or Oasis’ Wonderwall. Learn the basic chords and get efficient at transitioning between these chords and strumming at the same time. This may take months, even a year of solid practice, maybe even longer. There will be times when you feel like you won’t get it, but I promise your body will eventually start to move on its own. Then move on Rocksmith. Stick to the Rhythm side of things when starting out and once you’re able to strum and change chords effortlessly, move on to the more demanding Lead position with songs that have the face-melting solos. The trick is gradual and persistent practice. Trust me :)"
,Recommended,221680,28023625,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Fleetius,You want to learn to play songs? This shows you slowly how to do it.
,Recommended,221680,8281201,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,HRZN Hyde,"Great game, still getting back into play guitar after a year off :P."
,Recommended,221680,8423175,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Nommy,"What can I say about Rocksmith that hasn't already been said... In short, this software is absolutely amazing.I have a hard time calling Rocksmith 2014 a ""game"". It's more of an absolutely massive software package featuring many of both learning tools and games in a beautifully intertwined and perfectly balanced format. Everything within this software is meant to help you both learn and improve your skills on guitar and bass, and have fun doing it.Let's say you're a complete novice. You've picked up a guitar once or twice in your life, strummed some strings, and probably thought maybe this is too hard, as all the neighborhood household pets scream in terror/anguish and attack you on sight. But fret not my poor mangled friend, for Rocksmith 2014 will pick you up off the ground, show you how to hold the instrument upside right, and guide your dainty fingers heavenly across the strings and make you feel like you're a rock god(dess).I say dainty, because as a warning, if you don't play guitar or practice any other highly strenuous fingering activity (okay, calm down kiddos) you will be fighting both your learning mentally, and physically as your fingers will need to bulk up quite a bit to get these skills under your belt. So don't feel discouraged if the skills feel impossible or out of your grasp. Keep practicing, and keep playing mini games (especially with chords). You'll get there :) Oh, and that stinging/burning/flamesfromhell feeling you are having on your finger tips, that goes away after about a week. As with all feeling at all, so enjoy that.Anyways, back on track. Rocksmith does this by first asking you how skilled you feel you are with guitar. It'll then ask you a few more questions to get an idea of what kind of guitar player you are. If you go with novice, it'll show you everything from how to attach your guitar strap, hold your guitar/pick, etc to how to actually pluck strings and play notes. (You can obviously skip the super basic stuff by picking one of the 3 higher experience levels)It then throws you into a song at a super basic level, and from that point on (through almost everything you do) it guides you through everything you need to know/do/practice to get better at guitar. It adapts itself and the difficulty of the songs you play so it's constantly pushing you to do better. It provides you with a lot of things to help you along the way as well. 2 primary things:1) The Lessons portion of the software actually teaches you, in a very interactive manner, things you need to know to play guitar, as well as own them and take care of them. Want to know how to string a guitar? It has you covered. Want to learn how to play scales, chords, notes, slides, bends, harmonics, and much much more? It'll teach you what you need to know, and coach you through it with advice such as ""It sounds like you have a finger touching the G string..."" (again, kiddos, lets keep it PG, eh?) ""... try it again, being sure your second finger is only touching the string(s) it should be.""2) The Guitarcade. This section of the software is a whole suite full of very well made arcade style mini games that allow you to practice almost everything learned in the Lessons section of the software in a fun, score centric environment. There are arcade games that allow you to shoot a target by picking the designated string at the fret shown on screen, games that give you a chord that you must form and strum to shoot down an enemy space ship, ""String Skip"" which is pretty self explanatory, and lots lots more.All along the way, Rocksmith is going to be giving you multiple suggestions for what you should do next so you don't get lost, however you still remain free to do as you please. Between the lessons and mini games, and the actual main portion of the software which is the Guitar Hero meets Guitar style gameplay (which is of course very fun and productive) you're going to learn and/or improve your guitar and bass playing abilities.One last thing. The Session Mode. It's hard for me to put my excitement concerning this feature into words, so I'll keep this short. Try it out, you'll absolutely love it and will spend a lot of time there as you grow your articulation skills. It shows you a scale based on your settings (of which there are many) and allows you to play along a fully dynamic band that plays to your music. The band is entirely customizable, or you can pick from dozens of preset bands that include drums, bass, rhythm guitar, lead guitar, and piano/other instruments. If you stick to the scale, it'll sound really good to you, pretty much regardless of your skill which encourages you to really work at it and keep coming back for a couple hours a day. This is a great learning tool for scales, and also wonderful for your motivation. I recommend playing 30 minutes at least of Session Mode at the end of every time you play.TL;DR: Buy this. You'll love it. It's going to blow your expectations away. This is an incredibly valuable tool for any present/future guitarist.-No\m/\m/y"
76561198003713241,Recommended,221680,7868229,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Eel,A solid upgrade over the previous version. Definetly great for begginer players like myself. It helped me build my hand dexterity and endurance in addition to being great fun. It's really great to be learning an instrument (in my case bass guitar) while actually playing music with it. If you are more of a technical person this does offer rather good technique guides and exercises. One thing that is a bit dissapointing for me personally is the session mode. I cannot claim this to be true for regular guitar but for bass it just feels unnatural and sounds like some out of sync backing tracks. Sometimes it does sound good enough and I can't really fault them for trying but I mostly used it to practise scales. Also had a small issue at launch with the instrument playback being way too silent. However the issue has been adressed and is solvable by a simple windows options tweak.Overall a great learning tool (as I don't really feel like calling this a game per se) and lots of fun. Vastly superior to the original Rocksmith which I got few months before release of the 2014 version in order to get the cable and now I have basically doubled the songs available for me. By suplementing the game (which provides a great practise environment) with musical theory and technique guides available online (shoutout tohttp://www.scottsbasslessons.com/for some superb free bass guitar content) I feel like I'm really developing my playing skills faster than I otherwise would have just with theory alone. Give it a shot!
,Recommended,221680,7616137,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Kung Führer,"This is what Guitar Hero was meant to be. I have so much fun playing this game.It's very difficult for me to call this a game. Yes, you perform actions and get scored on them, and yes, that is sort of the definition of a game. As a modest guitar player though, this platform has taught me several songs and playing techniques, and has made the entire process approachable. Eventually you'll get to the point where there are no notes on screen, but you'll still be playing the song. That's when it hits you, and that's when you realize you really are learning these songs. The game even has you adjust your guitar tunings, which leads me to believe that I could match these tracks up against the recorded version and play along without the game, and really, that's pretty awesome."
,Recommended,221680,8794671,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,AxaliaN,Get better at guitar by gaming! It's awesome~
,Recommended,221680,8795454,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Nipomipo,"I have played around with the bass in the past, but never in my wildest dreams did I think that I would one day find a tool to teach me how to truely play. This game takes you from learning the parts of the guitar to actually playing a full song. The coolest part is that even though it is a game you are learning by reputition and you dont even realize it. I find myself listening to a song and tell others around me hey I know this song and how to play it on the bass or guitar, and the best part is that I am telling the truth because as the song plays out I can picture the notes that need to be played to complete the song. this is the best learning/teaching tool for the money that I have ever seen. I have tried to learn from other souces but just couldnt seem to keep my focus on the program as it was layed out for me to follow. With Rocksmith 2014 you do not need a game plan or a focus point because of the game aspect it becomes a challenge to play any song you wish thats in your playlist. You also can get DLC thats outstanding at a reasonable rate. One day I plan to start playing in a band and Rocksmith 2014 is my ticket to the stars."
76561197970735676,Recommended,221680,8348189,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ArcadeMonkey,"This game is absolutely amazing.  If you have any interestin learning guitar I can't recommend it enough.  I have played guitar (mostly self-taught) on and off for about 10 years but I have barely touched it in the last 5.  I kept hitting plateaus and getting frustrated with the feeling that I couldn't improve as much as I wanted so pretty much left my guitar to collect dust.  Then this game came along and I basically can't put my guitar down and am not touching any other the other 10 games I have bought off steam in the last few months.  My guitar playing far surpassed the level I was playing at years ago when I was pretty active.  I think there is a great variety of songs to play with a great range of difficulties.  Plus, session mode is really quite impressive and I didn't realize I could have so much fun practicing scales when there was a band playing in the background to make it fun.  For beginners there are a ton of lessons that are really quite solid and would help you learn all the basics if you had never played a guitar before.  My single complaint about the game is the cost of the DLC.  Three dollars for a song seems pretty steep to me, but I guess it takes a bit of effort to map out all the notes and get the licensing rights.  On the other hand, the game is so good (though I hesitate to call it a game, it is so much more than that... it is more of a personal guitar instructor), I want the developer to really succeed so they can be rewarded for their work so I guess the DLC cost could be justified.In short, this program is going to revoltionize the way people learn to play guitar.  Get it."
,Recommended,221680,8355794,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sergeant Tbag,Started off with the very very basic grasp of guitar that I could get off of youtube and after about a week now I have already gained some skill. The lessons are great and the game really does progress difficulty nicely.
,Recommended,221680,8458417,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cero,"More than a game this is a tool that makes guitar learning fun. This edition offers a simpler and better interface, with a much more streamlined experienced when compared to the original Rocksmith. You no longer have to go through 10 menus to play a song and back through the loop to play it again. Career and free play modes have been condensed into learn a song, which brings you right to track list which you can sort in a number of ways including difficulty or recommended, which replaces the old career stages, meaning you no longer have to go through that particular song you don't like and don't want to play in order to progress.Experienced players should enjoy the option to set the difficulty right to master mode from the start and use the game as colourful moving tabs, also the new session mode which lets you form and ajust your own band to play along your jam sessions. The continuous play mode is neat as well, you can set the time and remove songs you don't want to play and just go along with what gets thrown at you.For begginers you get a nice set of lessons and practice minigames that help grasp or refresh the basic techniques. These aren't compreehensive and don't replace more thorough resources but serve well in providing you with the fundamentals to jump on to the stage and massacre a classic or modern rock song you know and (used to) love. It's a blast when you hit that 1 note that nearly made the song sound alright, much better than painfully repeating tedious lessons with no sense of progression.The track list is considerable, including DLC and the option to import all the content from the original Rocksmith, you are going to be doing a lot of scrolling. So far I haven't found any major flaws with this edition, however there are some mildly annoying details (grab your seat!), the new achivements are crap, you will get 10 for visiting the uplay store (whatever that is) and none for reaching master mode in a song for the first time, which brings me to my major complaint thus far: half the time you will try to log in with your uplay account and you will get a ""server is not available try again later"", which is harmless until you want to play that new song you just bought and can't because you need to be connected to uplay and activate it in the ingame store after buying it on steam (thanks jewbisoft). Curiously the first Rocksmith had none of this uplay mischief, and so the DLC you get from the original gets imported automatically without the need for uplay consent.9/10 - I look forward to hundreds of hours of relentless cacophony. By the time I hit half the notes in Aces High I'll probably be a chosen champion of Slaanesh and have sprung into existance a noteworthy cult, mostly consisting of unwilling neighbours whose mind and spirit will eventually bend with the force of my unstoppable musical onslaught. But I will have one hell of a fun ride along the way."
,Recommended,221680,10039436,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Gopher,"Worth a score of approximately 2000000 out of 10. With perserverance, this will teach even your granny how to rock out on guitar. Perserverance is key however."
76561198037225777,Recommended,221680,23861164,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,silverdragonsound,"Good way to learn guitar basics.  The concept is great, only isssue is you may develop some bad habits.  Learning this way is certainly more fun than the traditional way."
,Recommended,221680,7502549,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Dan958,Definitely an improvement on the previous installment. If you are looking to learn the guitar/bass - this game is for you.
,Recommended,221680,23844826,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Mermaid Man,Really enjoying it and getting to learn sick solo's.For me most fun game i bought in a long time.
,Recommended,221680,18026514,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Currahee,Toss that plastic toy for Guitar Hero or Rock Band. This game is for real guitar players. Play it and learn a skill that will actually be meaningful in life.
,Recommended,221680,15700496,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Avey,I have no idea what Im doing
76561198117108147,Recommended,221680,11594150,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,gallovp,Where is Pink Floyd??
,Recommended,221680,23866178,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Lolitas Armpit Hair,讲道理吉他零基础，我玩了很久一年多学会一首Thunder Kiss 65
,Recommended,221680,15992452,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,≼ƧƹƞƮ℩ƹƝƬ≽,"******WARNING!******DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!This game has cost me a fortune!  If you are poor, have no personal income, or have to askanyonefor money, stay FAR away from this game!Now that's out of the way - onto the game that Idoreally recommend.It is a good place to start learning guitar/bass on a reasonable budget, and considering the hours I have put in, it is well worth it compared to paid tuition (at least for starting out and keeping things fun for a while).  I would also highly recommendGuitar Pro 6(or similar tab-software) and usingRocksmithToTabin the future, as well as getting DECENT tabs from reputable sources, likemySongBook; because 66,000+ tabs in a single download or any fromUltimate-Guitarfor example, does sound like a good idea at the time, but I wish you the best of luck trying to find and short-list the decent ones...Rocksmith 2014 is fantastic at what it does, it adds an aspect of fun to practicing the guitar/bass that can't really be matched.  However, learning correct technique and procedures are not really a strong point of Rocksmith 2014 and unlearning bad technique may be counter-intuitive in the long-run; but you can find tutorials on Google/Youtube,JustinGuitar, or through the use of tutored lessons to make up for this."
,Recommended,221680,10726139,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JerrettOQ,"UPDATE: 8/10 - Awful G String Detection. Awful bending detectionI give the game a 9/10.I played the original Rocksmith on PlayStation 3 and enjoyed it very much. Got this one for $15 in the Summer Sale for fun and to be able to have a Rocksmith to play on PC :)However, I prefered the tuner in the first Rocksmith over this new one. Sometimes the notes don't match up correctly and they ""Miss"" when clearly, me playing all the chords without a problem through songs, especially when playing Knockin' on Heaven's Door, a lot of the notes on the 2nd fret of the G String seem to never go through how they should. Yet, a lot of other chords involving the G String work without a problem.There are some flaws, but the game is still VERY much worth getting.I know it can't be my guitar, the first game works fine on PS3.I have an Epiphone Les Paul and I will be running a new Gibson Les Paul 1959 through it here in a few weeks! :)"
76561197994077749,Recommended,221680,19149814,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,chrs2ca,Great game for learning how to play new songs on the guitar.
,Recommended,221680,32882992,Posted: 27 June,all,CynicalMarklar,Good game for learning how to play specific songs.
76561198011372707,Recommended,221680,13756502,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Groz,Amazing tool for learning guitar/new songs.
,Recommended,221680,34905402,Posted: 12 September,all,DaNoiNu,AWESOME!
,Recommended,221680,8041469,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Ainulindale,How can you like music and not play that?
,Recommended,221680,7658112,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Rogue203,"Much better than the original, this is a must have for anyone interested in guitar.I've been playing guitar on and off for over 25 years, since buying my first guitar in high school. For various reasons, I never took formal lessons on guitar; although, I have taken formal lessons on quite a few other instruments (clarinet, saxophone, piano, chello, violin).I've successfully taught myself how to play many songs in fingerstyle guitar on acoustics, but could never progress very well with electrics. So, I could never really crank out the rock tunes that I grew up loving.When the original Rocksmith came out, I immediately purchased it and played for a week or two, but couldn't get used to the notation, and stopped playing for months. Then, when Rocksmith was released on PC, I thought I'd give it another chance. At the same time, I was starting to play rhythm guitar in a band (badly), so any method that might help me learn was welcome.I decided to give the original Rocksmith more patience, and after a few weeks, was noticing that I could play things with a pick, on my electrics that I had never been able to play before. I was also building up the ability to play chords and progressions that I'd never pulled off successfully.However, the original Rocksmith had a long list of flaws that made the experience often frustrating: poor note detection, stability issues, performance problems, long loading times between menus, interesting, but poorly implemented ""games"" for guitarcade; the list goes on.Rocksmith 2014 has fixed all of those issues. Assuming your machine meets the minimum requirements, and you configure things correctly, Rocksmith 2014 is a pleasure. With improved notation capabilities, in the last 3 months, my bends have gotten significantly more accurate, I can palm mute and frethand mute in ways that I've never done before.Are there still some issues? Yes. Is Rocksmith 2014 worth it? Absolutely.However, Rocksmith 2014 will not teach you everything you need to know. Youtube videos or some commercial online guitar teaching sites can augment Rocksmith very well. And, of course, a live guitar instructor will be able to provide feedback that will help you advance all that much faster."
76561197966725261,Recommended,221680,9016525,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,GreenAnt,Great game...
76561197976999885,Recommended,221680,8265547,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sayge,"YOU CANNOT USE USB HEADPHONES OR SOUNDCARD WITH THIS.----------------------------------------------------------------------That being out of the way (I fought it for a while, trying to figure out why it wouldn't work.) It's a pretty neat product.The dynamic difficulty level works really well, but I didn't expect it to throw single string notes per beat for someone who chose 'average' as their skill level. I've played guitar for slightly over 10 years now, and those simplified tracks got me off guard, making me miss notes on songs I've played for years. It did pick up on my performance quite fast, though, and I started having a blast learning songs I probably wouldn't have picked up otherwise.Make sure you set your skill level high enough.Instrument used: Schecter Diamond series Omen 7 Extreme"
76561198005264656,Recommended,221680,23910612,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Henamil,Anyone who is even remotely interested in learning electric guitar should pick this up! It's a really great teaching tool and it's lots of fun!
,Recommended,221680,34905397,Posted: 12 September,all,k1in ✔,У меня даже после Clicker Heroes так пальцы так не болели!Обязан быть в библиотеке каждого мазохиста!
,Not Recommended,221680,25975348,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Dolphin Buff Man,"The concept behind Rocksmith is fantastic, with the general idea being that you plug in a real instrument, and learn songs that are played on the screen, similar to Guitar Hero. You will actually be learning the real song though. I have found that as a fairly reasonable musician, I don't actually really learn the songs, so much as read them as they scroll. Trying to remember how a part in a song went 10 minutes after I played it can be very difficult, which I believe would be common in others who become competent at reading the songs. Regardless of whether you remember the song or not, you will be practicing your chosen instrument, which is great for a number of reasons.There is a noticable latency between hitting the note on your instrument, and the sound playing in game. With a bit more attention  from the developers on the software, this really should be avoidable. As of late, I have been unable to tolerate how out of sync it is, and have stopped playing. Every now and then I will feel like playing a song, but quickly switch it back off after being reminded how frustrating this issue is.I would recommend this game for beginners, as it is a great tool to keep people motivated in those early stages where progress can feel very slow. Seeing the progress that can be made with a few hours is really quite amazing, so that aspect of the game is invaluable. For more advanced users, it can be a fun way to use your instrument in a new manner. The mini games are interesting, and the score attack can be a nice arcade-style way of playing a song.The intial song selection is actually pretty varied in style. Some songs are really poor choicers however, as there is barely anything musically happening in them. On the other side of things, there are some fantastic difficult tracks that can entertain even experienced musicians (generally solos). The Custom DLC is where the real fun is though, with some really obscure bands having songs featured. Apparently this was broken in the ""remaster"" however, so that can be removed from the postivies column until it is addressed, if they choose to fix it. If it is fixed, consider this a reason to buy the game, regardless of your skill. There were literally thousands of songs available from all genres I can imagine, and probably some I can't. There is also the genuine DLC that is produced by the developers, but if you are rich enough to get many of the tracks, chances are you don't need to add music to your repetoire.Pretty typical of Ubisoft, the game does not seem to be receiving any patches to fix the issues that others and myself have described. I would avoid an expensive mistake if you are running Windows 10, or any other systems that people have outlined as being problematic."
,Recommended,221680,26626741,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,tkil,i still dont have a girlfriend
,Recommended,221680,31932078,Posted: 24 May,all,PirateZ,The most depressing game on steam 10/10
,Recommended,221680,21127368,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,ℳäLĬƘ,"Rocksmith2014 is a great game, I bought it because I saw it's  session mod, you know this is really cool, the equivalent of having a band. Left out in the cold for 5 years the guitar can finally wipe clean, lol, but want to play more songs also need to buy DLC, which is very troublemaker. Just as usual."
76561197967453659,Recommended,221680,15330474,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Brownston,great fun for music lovers
,Recommended,221680,15439660,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Greywaren,great game.
76561198105796255,Recommended,221680,26325773,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,IntRalLveRt,great game only one thing is missing the songs from babymetal :( can you get them in the game i would love to play them in game.
,Recommended,221680,30135972,Posted: 23 February,all,Белый,Best of the best guitar simulator
,Recommended,221680,23404211,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Gba,"Fantastic ""game"".  I started playing without any previous music skills at all.  After a few months I'm enjoying playing a wide variety of songs.  It's very helpful for learning more complex songs as it's a quick and intuitive for providing how-to-play instructions and giving feedback about how to hammer on, pull off, and bend strings to get the notes you should.  The cable is fine quality, the software does pretty good at recognizing when you're hitting notes right (sometimes it doesn't ""hear"" certain notes - I've noticed this particularly in the opening of Disturbed's ""Voices"" for some reason it just refuses to work right for anybody at my place).  Every song comes with ""Authentic Tones"" to make your electric guitar or bass sound like it does during the songs via software rather than purchasing hardware to do it.  No, it's not 100% accurate - but for a few bucks per song, it's really pretty neat.Once I started getting familiar with the guitar, I preferred to use the ""riff repeater"" to crank the difficulty up to full, slow down the section I wanted to learn, then slowly speed it up.Two players can be a lot of fun.  Of course, you need two cables.  It helps to play a bit easier of songs on two player.  Knights of Cydonia has yielded blisters from my friend's bass strings surprisingly quickly.The ""announcer"" can be a prick.  Got a mere 75% accuracy on a difficult song your first time playing?  Well, that's a smarmy-toned comment for you about basically sucking.  F you, announcer guy.  This is the second time I've sat down to play this song.  God forbid if you get a 60%, it sounds like he thinks you should just kill yourself.  I wish there was an option to just turn his voice off.  He's even worse in the Lessons portion.  When you're first learning and trying to get a few notes right, he says the exact phrase over and over and over.  ""Announcer On/Off"" should be a single option.  You can turn off ALL the menu sounds and interface sounds, but that is just a work around."
76561198101244626,Recommended,221680,13510687,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Black,Oyun diyemiyorum bildiğin gitar hocası.
,Recommended,221680,30820357,Posted: 29 March,all,BuFFu™,My D is flat from the lack of songs teaching me how to finger minors.
,Recommended,221680,32807997,Posted: 26 June,all,Cor Serpentis,"From: Where the f*ck is the 7th fret,To: I'M THRASHING TO SLAYER.Recommended."
,Recommended,221680,23859545,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Enki,"It's pretty good if you haven't touched a guitar before, but I'm just gonna stick with tabs and my amp."
76561197974390730,Recommended,221680,23932962,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,AcdzBrn,Just Buy It!!!!!
76561198018712814,Recommended,221680,24926190,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jacob,"Rocksmith helped me improve my guitar skills then my year of lessons did by quite a margin. Rocksmith has a decent song list and a good one if you import the original rocksmith songs as well. I recommend Rocksmith to any person who has any desire to learn guitar and/or a guitar laying around already,"
76561198062125554,Recommended,221680,25055560,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,adamxr3,I've only played it for a little while but I'm finding it okay so far
76561198053566455,Recommended,221680,23907188,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,oribi,"I've been playing guitar on and off for some years now and what I find the most disheartening after a long break is returning to the instrument and experiencing skill decay from the lack of practise. This is where Rocksmith 2014 comes in! If it were not for my puny callus-less fingers, I'd probably spend all day practising riffs, revising chords and working on general technique. The game keeps track of my progress and keeps throwing new stuff to do in my face. And before you know it a couple of hours have passed. Always new goals and song specific advice. I get to start out softly with a new song and I have different tools for learning the full versions at my own pace. I simply don't notice how much I am flubbing around because the game keeps me focused on progress and goals.There's also a bunch of the mini games I haven't tried yet, but I can see many nice additions since the first edition of Rocksmith. The session mode is also a decent addition, in that you get to use all your hard earned skills more freely with backing instruments.I find that the main draw of RS2014 is the motivational aspect, it gets you playing, it gets you practising. The game is not a replacement for a music teacher, since it cannot correct bad finger placement or perfectly detect the notes you play each time. It also lacks things in the music theory department, but you can find supplemental resources online easily these days. Maybe in ten years time, when the technology is there, we'll have a perfect artificial guitar teacher in RS.The current RS2014 is one of the better education games out there, I'd say."
76561198045826247,Recommended,221680,23866470,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cimmerian,A really easy way to learn the guitar independently. Fantastic selection of songs and worth the money if you put the hours in.
76561197969077489,Recommended,221680,23906245,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CreepingDeth2U,"What do I say about Rocksmith 2014?  First, can you learn to play guitar or bass from Rocksmith.  I cannot say whether or not you can learn to play guitar from this software.  I have been playing guitar for about 20 years.  Second, can you learn songs for rhythm, lead and bass guitar?  So as a tool to learn songs for performing and recording guitar and bass, its here.  I have learned and recorded several songs from Rocksmith with rhythm, lead and bass guitar.  Could I have learned these songs without Rocksmith?  Probably!  It would not have been near as fun or intuitive as it is with Rocksmith.New songs continue to be released each week.  Some I buy and some I don't.  Plenty of choice for me.Rocksmith 2014 is a no brainer must buy too me.  Just don't forget to buy the cable first.  Waiting for the cord to arrive was torture."
76561198168277477,Recommended,221680,28285862,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,☆B4CKSL4SH/SGT.SNE4KY/PU4K,"Let me put it like this, I have been playing guitar for nearly 9 months and have gotten around some tricky solos and advanced techniques and wanted to try this. All i can say is that it is  good GAME let me repeat that ITS A GAME you cannot become a better all round guitarist by playing this. to me its allot of monkey see monkey do and not real experience. but it is a good warmup and hand excercise tool."
76561198096971405,Recommended,221680,29272048,Posted: 15 January,all,┼ Adam Gontier ┼,ITS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME
,Recommended,221680,29245748,Posted: 14 January,all,pinkfloyd210,great game
76561198137351317,Recommended,221680,14895660,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Keyser Söze,guud gaem for gutar plyers
,Recommended,221680,8270336,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,A Magic Rake,"If you are looking to pick up guitar and have some spare time this is a great way to save money on lessons. I had already been playing for a while but I cannot express how much this has made me improve, and with great songs constantly coming out and classics already in game it's a great deal."
76561198025098712,Recommended,221680,7983391,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Knazarpo,Major improvement on the previous Rocksmith. Definite buy.
76561198079613834,Recommended,221680,15330162,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,♪,Greate game if you enjoy playing guitar
,Recommended,221680,21557980,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,SirrPsychoSxxy,"This game is absoluetely wonderful, even for intermediate players to advanced.I play bass and this is not only an amazing way to learn songs but a phenominal way to achieve the bass tone you've been trying to, without having to buy expensive pedals. The custimization is surreal, Im able to listen to my self play on thousands of dollars worth of equitment, while only having a 500 dollar bass. Its wonderful because one day when I do decide to buy the expensive amps and pedals ill be very well prepared on what sound im wanting to achieve to help me with my future purchases. Tone Desiginer is worth the 17 bucks I spent on this game. And CDLC is fantastic for importing songs that Rocksmith otherwise cant get.Even if you dont have the real tone cable, you buy this program when its on sale, and purchase the cable later, its worth every penny."
,Recommended,221680,29984353,Posted: 17 February,all,bezz,"Best game/education tool ever, 3 years later, and it's still my go to game!You won't find any better begining to learning guitar! Incredible value for money.An allmost perfect product. Yes it's that good. If you ever wanted to learn REAL guitar. This is the place to start!"
76561198035616773,Recommended,221680,16930710,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,The Great Cornholio,"I CANT PLAY YET TILL MY CABLE COMES BUT WARNING, DONT GET IF YOU HAVE USB SPEAKERS, IT HATES IT, I GOT THE SEVEN HEADSETS SO I COULD PLUG IT INTO THE GREEN SPOTS IF I WANTED.----------------------------------------------------------------------I have played this for awhile now and I have to say, I've learned a lot in a small period of time, I 100% would recommend you buying this and giving it a try, I started this with no knowledge about guitars, and after playing this for a month I could play songs like Do I wanna know and Ect. Good teaching tool and fun ""game"".I would like to mention that you will not get bored of this ""game"", and that is good because, you will not just end up getting tired of playing!"
,Recommended,221680,28339901,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Varsaw,Tablature Hero.
76561198047455977,Recommended,221680,19522703,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,smokeinmyeyes2,I've been playing guitar for over 15 years.I bought it on a fluke.  Started playing it yesterday.After almost 20 hours my left hand is going numb and my shoulder hurts.
,Recommended,221680,17468084,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,misha be back dec2017,bueno
,Recommended,221680,8077661,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ApertureAlpha - I Never Trade,i learned how to play two smashing pumpkins songs on bass in like two days. i dont even play bass and barely ever have. took two days lol. coolest casual game ive ever played.
,Recommended,221680,7466342,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,fraxyl,"First was pretty awesome as a guitar game. And in this, they've improved everything and made it more awesome. Session mode is freaking amazing from a technical standpoint, and it's just plain fun to jam along with."
,Recommended,221680,20096102,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,NMe,"Rocksmith really delivers on its promise. I have tried learning to play the guitar before and though it started sounding nice enough to make out what I was playing at some point, invariable I'd quit within a month or two. After my guitar had been gathering dust for a couple of years a friend of mine recommended Rocksmith and I decided to invest in learning this skill one final time. This time around I've been playing much longer than ever before, trying to put in an hour each day if I find the time. I can actually play along with some classics pretty nicely now, something I was never able to do before to this degree, not to mention I'm now mostly able to play without watching the frets all the time.Pros:Does a very decent job at recognizing what you play.You can set it up to automatically increase the difficulty and/or speed.Small mini games teach you essential skills and help you practice them in a much less boring way than if you would practice them normally.The Guitar Hero-like interface helps making the learning experience feel more like a game.Cons:The songs in RS2014 are somewhat harder than the ones in the first Rocksmith. You'd need to splurge some more to get those songs by first buying the original software and then spending some more on the import tool required to get those songs into RS2014.Some of the DLC that youhaven'tbought yet clutters up your song list, obviously urging you to buy it.The guitar tuner is a bit wacky. Sometimes the precision tuner tells you the string is tuned correctly, but the double-check it does afterwards will not pass. Getting past this point is difficult and skipping the tuning process because of it doesn't help either because the same string will give you trouble during the song causing you to ""miss"" notes.2 dollars per song (DLC) is quite a lot of money if you want to build a nice library.Despite my list of cons being longer than my list of pros I'm still very happy with what Rocksmith has done for me and I will definitely continue to use it to hone my new skills."
,Recommended,221680,23195901,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Fluttershy,"There isn't much to actually say about this game. It's basically Rock Band (or Guitar Hero) with an ACTUAL guitar! Your six strings are color coded so you can easily find the string to strum (for example, the red string is the thickest string on the guitar, yellow is next, blue after that and so on). Next is the fretboard in the game, it shows numbers on the interface (3, 5, 7, 9, 12 and the other dot places). It also comes with an in game tuner for many different setups (unlike the original 2). Also something I chose this game over the original was the official songs (songs that come with the game, not DLC), it has AWESOME tracks, not just stuff by bands that got famous by these games (with a few exceptions), it's got Bat Country by Avenged Sevenfold, Say It Ain't So by Weezer (side note, I've spent the most time here because it's good practice for chords), My Own Summer by Deftones and many more!There is one BIG downside to this game though, the way the game's programmed, you need a pretty good guitar with brand new strings, and not too many pickups and stuff. I don't know why but, sometimes the game reads your tuning as right in the tuner then says you're tuning is completely off during a song. Here's a good example, you tune your guitar as close to the 0 mark as you can get (in this one, that's near impossible to do), then you strum the right note at the right time, and it says you either didn't hit it or you hit it late. All because of the way it's programmed. If you don't have a $5,000 guitar, I recommend you get the original Rocksmith as it isn't as picky with your tuning..."
76561198052889304,Recommended,221680,14945956,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,✬─*──═芫︻TE'OMA︻芫═───*─✬,If you really wan´t to learn how to play guitar without expensive guitar lessons.10/10
76561198000530489,Recommended,221680,14526075,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,XX,It's like CoD but with guitars
,Recommended,221680,30713067,Posted: 24 March,all,Kogrun,Good way to learn guitar or bass.
76561198083014985,Recommended,221680,30694410,Posted: 23 March,all,DMLee0,Just buy it. Then group with some people and start a band.
,Recommended,221680,30711822,Posted: 24 March,all,Awiv,"Great fun, works just fine!!"
,Recommended,221680,29379696,Posted: 20 January,all,『Sublyme』,"I've been playing guitar for 6 years now and only picked up Rocksmith last year. And, gotta say, it was a worthy investment.This game helped me big time with stuff like bar chords, it taught me new chords, new techniques and new sounds.Pros:- Teaches you guitar or bass- Just fun- Play your favorite songs- Learn at your own pace- Has its own games, lessons, etc- A ton of tone customization- Local multiplayer is greatCons:- No online multiplayer- The cable is way to ♥♥♥♥ing expensive- For me, I just can't memorize the notes by Rocksmith like I can using tabs- Often it says you got something wrong even though you didn't (saying you are too high or low on fretboard, or have the wrong note)- Can't upload custom music or anything like that, which you could do in Guitar Hero 'n♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,221680,12019532,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,ＪｙｎｘｙＹ \ \  淡い,"Like Guitar Hero, but with about 100 more inputs (not counting chords and special notes like bends)."
,Recommended,221680,7565107,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,FENDI,"Short version: Yes you should buy it, yes it's worth it over Rocksmith 1. Rocksmith 2014 makes Rocksmith 1 look like an alpha. It's like they took all the small things that were bad in Rocksmith 1 (algorithm could ramp difficulty incorrectly, practice mode was outside of the song, ""story mode"" was dumb as all hell, visually sort of so-so, not very exciting) and irons them all out.You can play all your Rocksmith 1 DLC on 2014. All Rocksmith 1 DLC is available on 2014, with some arrangement changes to take advantage of some of the different techniques in 2014.The difficulty ramping algorithm is a hell of a lot better now, so it doesn't suddenly throw chords at you in the middle of nowhere like Rocksmith 1. You can hit the riff repeater INSIDE the song now to just practice a certain phrase, without having to go into a separate area. When you're done with it, you can hop back into the song where you left off. It's also got a breakdown of a song and the game detects areas you're struggling and suggests different lessons or games specific to the track you're working on.Missions guide you along to areas you need to work on, which gives you some direction if you're looking to improve. The game basically figures out which things you're good at at which you suck at, and recommends tracks that utilize those techniques to make you better.The game looks better visually and the frets are labelled as well as the fingers, making it easier to use. Purely visual, but when you practice now, you're basically inside a concrete practice room but as you improve your phrases a sort of ""portal"" appears on the wall where the notes are coming from which slowly widens to reveal a stage with a crowd. Nice effect--as you improve a song, more and more of the audience, lighting, and effects are revealed until you're basically on stage at 100%If you never played Rocksmith 1 but want to learn to play--you won't develop this really deep understanding of musical theory or anything from it, but you'll know enough to be able to pick up a guitar and play some tracks, as well as casually jam with people (if you remember your chords). Plus, lessons from a person are like $20 a pop, so this will pay for itself easily."
,Recommended,221680,7986378,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Saner than a coconut,The greatest tool to learn guitar and in general a whole lot of fun! A must buy!
,Recommended,221680,29476461,Posted: 24 January,all,Mr_Vault101,pretty good
,Recommended,221680,29509564,Posted: 26 January,all,Mustard_Struggle,The best guitar practice of All Time
,Recommended,221680,7976408,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,lowededwookie,"I only had a chance to play this game for about 5 hours but man, in that time I've come a long way.I still have a huge way to go but Rocksmith makes learning guitar so much fun.I'm not sure if it's entirely accurate but with my lack of skills I don't really care because if it says I've scored 100% then why should I argue. ;-)Either way I really like this game and ESPECIALLY because my favourite song Creep is available for me to learn. Been wanting to learn this for so long and now I can my way and at my level."
76561198071218452,Recommended,221680,17219973,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,TheAugustMan,"This game would not be the best for a beginner guitar/bass player but it's a good way to practise techniques, learn play styles and improve your skills whilst having quite fun. ^^"
76561198036704466,Recommended,221680,30385816,Posted: 7 March,all,Brother Sergeant Mikaelus,"DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE FROM STEAM!!!!! It's nothing against steam, but this software requires the official ""Realtone Cable"" to function. It will not work with just any USB to 1/4"" jack cable without some serious effort. This cable bought separately is about half of the cost of the program, and the steam edition does not come with this cable. This major drawback aside, the program is very well done, and exceedingly enjoyable to use. I would certainly recommend it for purchase, just not from steam. Go find a physical copy of it, new in box."
76561198203747791,Recommended,221680,33982912,Posted: 2 August,all,Spookdaddys dad,Great
,Recommended,221680,30673956,Posted: 22 March,all,Halqu Utukku,Fun way to learn guitar/bass.
76561198044624153,Recommended,221680,29074657,Posted: 6 January,all,Vidokas,The only game where you can finger a minor
76561198072628860,Not Recommended,221680,28380116,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Tard Wrangler,"Amazing game, it really is. However, UBISOFT manage to always ♥♥♥♥ something up every update, forcing me to waste my time trying to fix it."
76561197996413131,Recommended,221680,23869203,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SeveneduS,I bought it for ps3 and then for Mac|PC. One of the best Ubisofts product.
76561198001915432,Not Recommended,221680,20458166,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Vandinroth,"As a guitar player of quite a few years I got this mostly to just have some tracks to jam to along with a scoring system to make practicing more fun.  Even with a super fast pc, there is still lag, enough to throw a real guitarist off.  But by far the worst thing about this game is the horrid tab system it uses.  NO guitarist uses tab like this whether you reverse it or not it's still crap and too 'guitar hero'y.  If they woudl have just used standard tablature with a bouncing ball or highlighter it would have been infinitely better and easier to use.  The way it scrolls is a pain as well as it's hard to see what's coming.  Would be much easier to have a couple lines of music on screen at a time. I get the need to make it look like a game but that design choice makes it a poor music application and teaches bad habits as a guitar player."
,Recommended,221680,10646912,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Raphy,"This game is amazing! I stopped playing guitar a while ago because I didn't really liked learning songs by myself (which is dumb I know)This game made me want to play guitar again and at the same time having fun. Consider getting this game, it worth the money for the time you will spend on it!"
,Not Recommended,221680,19898519,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,time4potatoes,"While the game itself is a wonderful learning tool and fantastically fun for beginners and experienced guitarists, I cannot recommend the pc version of this game due to the windows drivers issues that many people including myself have.The USB cord for the guitar should a simple process of plugging it in to a USB port and once the drivers are downloaded, they will be saved and remembered the next time you plug and play. Instead the drivers are reinstalled everytime you reinsert the USB cable. Sometimes the driver downloads as it's suppose to as ""Rocksmith USB device"" but more often than not it downloads ""USB Audio Device"" which will not work, or even worse just ""hocksmit"" which does not work. I purchased a ton of the DLC songs hoping to add some songs I can learn to only find that the game has become unplayable after hours of trying to reconnect the device to get the correct usb driver.PLEASE create a driver which we can downloaded instead of the automatic driver detection ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I relize that it is probably Windows at fault on this issue but if that's the case, cut them out and provide an easy solution to all those who have purchase your game for PC."
,Not Recommended,221680,21216747,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,HoboG,"NEED LEGACY DRIVERS/SOFTWARE AND WINDOWS COMPATIBILITY TO PLAYBecause of ubisoft not optimising this title for windows 10, USB 3.0, and various audio hardware/driver configurations, the game doesn't hear my guitar.  You're better off with the console version."
,Not Recommended,221680,23831488,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,WORM.EXE,"My 2nd Rocksmith cable broke. These things are fragile, expensive, and required (unless you patch your game). Ubisoft can get ♥♥♥♥ing bent."
76561198070787361,Not Recommended,221680,28105503,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jaded,50-50 it will work for you.When it works its a great game
,Not Recommended,221680,26527062,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[C$B] EYE-BOK,Since the remaster nothing works. Boo ubisoft.
76561198053782080,Recommended,221680,13246662,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Homeless_Mouse,"My fingers are bleeding, I now refuse to leave my house, the sunlight hurts my eyes. 8/8"
,Recommended,221680,7744906,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,RICHO,"Rocksmith is a fun game and a good learning tool.To be honest the first time i touch a electric guitar was to play this game, so i started from zero, and while i am still a total noob,  not only i have enjoy every single moment of playing the game, but i am also improving my level a little bit every day.Rockmisth is also a pretty complete experience, there are a fair amount of songs, lessons to learn the guitar techniques and lots of minigames that are well designed and fun.Give Rocksmith a chance, even if you only have the slightest interest on playing an instrument, you are going to get a very rewarding experience."
,Recommended,221680,23793668,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,┐AkH└ prevent ☪,"An awesomefuly fun game even if you never picked up a guitar in your life.Getting into Rocksmith, I never touched a guitar before.  Those instructional DVD's out there don't help you learn at all, really.  Neither do YouTube videos.  How does the video know if you're doing it right or not?  It's such a passive experience.  And paying for lessons requires scheduling stuff, paying somebody, etc.So that's where Rocksmith comes in.  Starting out, it assumes you know nothing about guitars at all, which I really liked.  Which I liked, because I didn't.  So I went out and bought a cheap beginners guitar.  Starting out, you are going to be your own limitation, not your guitar.  So spending big bucks doesn't make sense if you're just learning the strings like I was.I got myself a $100 Dean Vendetta XM, it has pretty good reviews on Amazon and people on YouTube seem to really rock out with them using proper amps and stuff.  To play Rocksmith though, you need the Rocksmith 2014 Real Tone Cable (avail on Amazon) to connect your guitar to your PC which costs about $47, on top of the price of the game on Steam.  So if you already have a guitar, this game is about a $80 investment @ full price.I know, the price of this game is really starting to add up if you don't already own any of this stuff.  But on the upside, the Rocksmith Cable also works in other applications for PC, and works on console too.  So if you're like me and you don't even have an amp yet... between this app and other software like Guitar Rig (the Rammfire plugin is pretty awesome!) you can have alot of fun learning and playing electric guitar at the fraction of the price of paying for a Guitar, Lessons, and an amp.  But hey, hobbies in general... whether it's automotive, homebrewing, whatever... are never cheap.When you first start out in Rocksmith 2014, it will show you graphically how to tune your guitar for the specific song you're playing, and test string to verify it's good to go.  It'll have you play the easiest song on the lowest difficulty... which is usually 1 note at a time all played on one string, typically the fat one at the top since it's easiest to hit.  As you play, if you don't make mistakes, it'll gradually increase the difficulty of the song until you start to screw up.  Then it knows where to start with you.For each song, it has a ""Riff Repeater"" which is basically a feature where it selects a small portion of the song, and slows it down for you so you can get used to moving around on the fretboard and hitting the right notes.  Once you start getting it right, it speeds up, and as you get better at that... it adds extra notes, then extra strings and chords and stuff.  Then it starts getting into harmonics, bends, etc.But what's really cool about Rocksmith 2014 on PC in particular is that you can download custom songs called CDLC (Custom DLC) fromCustomsForge.com.  These are user-made songs that you can add to the game for free.  Don't get the wrong idea though... this isn't a way of pirating the extensive DLC library this game has on Steam.  You won't find the official DLC songs on that website, it just has a huge library of songs thataren't in the game.  So if you're like me and you're a huge Rammstein fan, but you're disappointed that they aren't in this game even as a DLC option, that's where you go if you want to rock out with their songs.  Just be careful setting off pyro in your living room.tl;drHobbies, regardless of what they are... aren't cheap.  But this is the cheapest and most fun way of learning how to play the electric guitar, even though it is more expensive than your typical videogame ($80 assuming you have a guitar already).  If you already know how to play guitar, I think this is a much more fun and interactive way of playing music than using tabs.  The built-in distortion effects (which vary by song, and in some cases - within parts of the same song) are certainly awesome too and you'll get closer to sounding like the real thing in a way that's more economical and easier than getting amp setups with pedals and stuff.Definitely worth the money even though it costs more than Call of Duty."
,Recommended,221680,23144757,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,GIULI1933,Great game with a great community which creates custom content and developers who actually care about their playerbase.If you search for a place to start guitar go first tohttp://www.justinguitar.comand get the basic gay chords♥♥♥♥♥♥down and then build it up with rocksmith and its a viable way to learn the guitar.You can also learn bass but who cares about that instrument or the people who UNIRONICALLY choose to learn it.
,Recommended,221680,12714283,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,KillerM,"Really fun ""game"" if you could call it that. Great motivator for practising and getting better with the guitar. It's like a guitar teacher who is always ready for you and never gives up on you. Price is a bit steep, considering you will probably want to add some DLC songs, and also have to get a cable somewhere since the steam version obviously can't come with a cable, but on the other hand you would probably pay a guitar teacher much more money to get you where Rocksmith can get you."
76561197970553985,Recommended,221680,7867911,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Miffy495,"Not a game, but a tool. An AMAZING tool, but don't go in expecting this to be a game experience. If you've never played a guitar, your fingers will hurt. You will also learn to play things. If you do already play guitar and want something to motivate you to practise more or just learn some new songs in a fun way, it's great fun. The Guitarcade games are a really well-disguised drill program that actually makes you better at techniques in a fun way, and there are little tutorials for all kinds of things that you my have never tried before even if you are experienced. This game solved the problem I'd always had with tremolos (I was holding the pick wrong. Simple fix, but the tutorial videos showed me what's up) and taught me some new techs too. If you have an interest in guitar, enough that you've already bought the instrument but have no idea where to go next, this is a no brainer."
,Recommended,221680,7480546,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Jean Paul,"Best way to learn, practice, or just have fun playing guitar and bass."
,Recommended,221680,7768473,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,ZalotAngel,"Ever have you thought to yourself while watching or listening to your favourite band & thought to yourself ""i would love to play a guitar just like them"", Well with a game like this you can. Rocksmith gives you one of the best learning experience  i've ever played. For me learning a guitar was pretty hard, having to read everything from books & practice. But with rocksmith it teaches you everything you need to know, from bending to slides to pull off & such. With other games though it does have its problems.Good things:You do actually learn how to play.Easy tutorials - The tutorials in the game teach you everything you need to know at a slow pace.Advancing difficulty - As you play a song it will gradually get harder & harder the better you do & will get easier if your'e doing bad.Song list - There are quite alot of songs to pick from but at the same time, for an extra £7.99 you can import all of the first rocksmiths songs.Built in Tunner - Its nice to have a tunner built into the game but it has its problems.Mini Games - There are quite alot of mini games to play which will improve your skills. There fun too.Bad things:I haven't really come across that many bad things about thins game, but i have seen a few.Tunner - The tunner in the game is a challenge, it will tell you what note to tune your string to but when you play it back the game says its wrong. An easy fix is to turn your speakers off when your'e tunning, it really helps.Precision - The game will not give you a free pass, which sounds good but sometimes the game picks up notes i'm not even playing & bending has to be perfect or else the game won't allow it.More modern music - My type of music might be different from others (Metal of course) but i wold like to see more up to date music. Dont get me wrong, some of the songs in game are fun to plat & listen too but i would like to see more modern music.Thats all i can basically say about this game, it is so much fun & will get you playing a guitar in no time. It is definitionally worth the asking price & if your'e serious about wanting to play a guitar i would get it."
76561198343981052,Recommended,221680,28368545,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ChazSwPhilly,Great learning tool
,Recommended,221680,8470922,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Replicators,"I recommend this to anybody wanting to learn to play guitar, i have now played for just 2 days and know more now than i had before when i spent a month trying. This game pushes you to learn, and it does work because it makes learning fun."
,Recommended,221680,7936021,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Banjack,"This is the perfect companion for learning to play! You learn the fundamentals the fun way, (something that can't be said about many instructional alternatives). And as for learning the songs, this Rocksmith surpasses the former by making sure you learn and recall sections by heart before you haphazardly continue, they even ocassionaly remove note annotations when they are certain you can play without further instruction (aka Master Mode).The menu can be tricky at times and one might find that editing particular functions can take a little bit longer and can be a tad confusing, but that shouldn't be an issue for most users.All in all, I highly recommend this to anyone, whether the person is already familiar with their instrument or simply starting out."
,Recommended,221680,7848928,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Easter Werewolf,"Really fun. I've played guitar for 20 years, but the last decade I've been out of practice. This is a great thing to add to a practice routine. I love the song modes, with the riff repeater being really helpful. The arcade stuff is a good idea, but most of the games don't seem very helpful for learning since they are doing scales, chords, bends etc totally out of context. The songs and lessons seem much more helpful to me. Even though I've played for a long time and know a lot of the stuff it does seem like if you had never played that it would help to get you up to speed fairly quickly."
,Recommended,221680,8423487,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Podm1ddy,"Rocksmith rocks .. I guess I'm what you'd call a reasonably experienced guitar player but, having taught a few people guitar in the past even a total newb could learn using this software!!! Totally recommend."
,Recommended,221680,7849943,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Thomas,"BEST way to learn to play guitar at any stage. not a game to play with the family, but a game adapted to you personally. perfect !"
,Recommended,221680,8354239,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheCopernicus,Rocksmith 2014 makes great strides over the original. An all-new track list and more intuitive menu design make for a much more pleseant experience.
,Recommended,221680,7990586,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Peanut,"If you have a guitar, this game is for you."
,Recommended,221680,7992252,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Spooky Boogie,"This is a great tool for learning how to play guitar. I had the first Rocksmith when it came out and I wasn't too impressed with it.The style of unlocking songs a la guitar hero made some stints of the game really boring, where I had to learn songs I didn't care about to get to the good stuff. Plus, untill the Bass DLC dropped (while I was unable to even remotely dream of playing the game) you could only play lead/rhythm guitar. So when 2014 rolled out of the garage with it's shiny new wheels, I decided to give it another test run. Needless to say I'm thrilled with the changes they've made and there's a wide variety of included artists, and more are being added at a surprisingly quick rate. So with the technique lessons and guitarcade helping me learn the skills, and then score attack helping me see my progress actually progress, I'm loving every minute. I'm playing Bass right now, but I might bend and pick up an Electric Guitar to give rhythm and lead a try. That's how fun this game is, as well as how good it is at teaching. I WANT TO LEARN EVERYTHING!"
76561198079435138,Recommended,221680,7978833,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ryan.charles.staples,It doesn't feel like you're wasting time playing this. I've always wanted to play guitar.
76561197991431191,Recommended,221680,8004850,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Vicious,Incredible Guitar Learning Software
,Recommended,221680,8281062,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bagpuss,If you want to learn guitar this♥♥♥♥♥♥owns balls.
,Recommended,221680,8778231,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,work is dumb,"This game is simply amazing.  If you are looking for a quick way to learn the guitar, or if you are already skilled but want something to test you, or just want to make practice fun this game is for you.  The detailed system really gives you that one on one feeling of going to lessons, and the learn a song mode breakes down into segments and lets you learn it at your own pace by starting off slow and getting more difficult as you do better in the song, or if you are feeling really confident you can ramp the difficulty up to max from the very begging.  Also you can now use your computer as an amplafier and add any type of effect to make all kinds of different sounds.  As if all of these awsome features were not enough they have added the all new session mode making it easy to just jam out with a band that changes with you and pushes you to solo.  This game is a great buy for anyone with a guitar with any amount of skill."
,Recommended,221680,8756087,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Esdesu,I'm actually able to play a guitar now.... I'M SO EXCITED!
,Recommended,221680,7767170,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Provencal le Gaulois,"Whether you played the first one or note, this is a must have game for anyone enjoying guitar. All the problems from the first one have been corrected, and the game now overflows with stuff to do, games, things to learn etc. until your fingers bleed. For beginners and advanced players, the number of available tracks will satisfy anyone looking to be a rockstart for a few hours a day."
,Recommended,221680,31158078,Posted: 15 April,all,g181,"Best guitar game ever. If you love guitar, buy it!!!"
76561198004801400,Recommended,221680,33559419,Posted: 15 July,all,Excalicock,Long story short. This will not make you a musician by any stretch of imagination if you arent already naturally affinite in music. Fun to mess with but you will discover your limits incredibly quickly. Still fun to mess around in though
76561198041798902,Recommended,221680,25916927,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Colonel Ripper,"FYI most of the recent bad reviews for this game are from people who cannot use their pirated intelectual property.  The game is great, and while it won't make you a rock star, it will certainly help you get around a guitar."
76561198047869846,Recommended,221680,23409086,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Ice Shot,"When I bought this game, I was dissapointed to find that this wasn't a guitar hero remake of the legendary Rockman game series. However, I discovered some Rockman songs on the Custom Forge, so I'm not too upset. Also, game doesn't come with guitar. That's just a fair warning. Guitars come cheap, I bought mine for a mere $1,200!Have fun using your mega-blaster!"
76561198071139265,Recommended,221680,22245050,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,other155,Learned so much playing this game. 69/10.
76561198146932764,Recommended,221680,22785908,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,1771Fleetwood,RS2014 is here to rock hard and bang groupiesand it's all out of groupies.10/10 would blister my fingers again
,Recommended,221680,22048961,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,CiXe_,"The old Rocksmith, but better"
,Recommended,221680,29263773,Posted: 14 January,all,THE BAAATH,"As I do enjoy the original Rocksmith better, this game has great elements to it and is more updated/accurate.Personally, this game has been great for me improving my guitar skills and techniques and I hope it can do the same for you."
76561198244150518,Not Recommended,221680,31340603,Posted: 24 April,all,<_*Toby*_>,NO SUPPORT FOR USB INTERFACES!!!!!i have a Sound Studio..and i cant use my Setup for this...they had max 20ms LatencyBut with Your setup i had 2000ms Latency...and that Suck...make Asio Support for this please.Must Play the Playstation version because they has not so many SoundBugs..
,Recommended,221680,12944717,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,aids,dosnt com with guitare
,Recommended,221680,8119766,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Wxnkss,"good, but the learning curve is a wall"
,Recommended,221680,14194442,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Drakillon,"Very good game. Not meant to teach you to play guitar like a teacher would. You can learn some things from it, chords, rhythm and other basics. But this game is and should mostly be used to learn songs in a fun way, like interactive tabs. I recommend ++"
76561198047804673,Recommended,221680,14606212,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Twobears,Epic
,Recommended,221680,9193200,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Behonkiss,"Both a great game and a great teacher!  I've learned a lot about playing both guitar and bass from this, and features like the adjustable dynamic difficulty, Riff Repeater, tutorials, and minigames focusing on specific techniques are both fun and helpful.  They also, much like the plastic guitar games of old, continually support the game with weekly downloadable songs.  If you're interested in learning guitar and/or bass, this is a great way to do it."
,Recommended,221680,22017656,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Dan Amrich,"Well, I like it, but I'm kind of biased."
,Recommended,221680,25172928,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,gizmoarena,"First thing first - this is a game. If you are wondering if this game going to make you a guitarist, the short answer is no. I used to play drums, and tried to learn guitars and basses from friends before, this game helped me to learn bass to somewhat extent, but guitars - not so much. From my experiene, if you are experienced guitarist, this game will teach you the proper chords for some songs. For players with with some experience, you'll learn some more things. For noobs, well you'll learn some things, but learn from a real person to pick up things first, then come back to play this.This is a good ""game"" and fun to play. But don't expect to be something in 60 days."
,Recommended,221680,16482186,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Daniel.The.Great,Thought me how to play guitar in 2 weeks i became good. Better than my friend and he takes lessons.
76561198062312967,Recommended,221680,30872470,Posted: 1 April,all,Zeemus,Make online guitar battles a thing! Please! This game is amazing but could be so much better!
,Recommended,221680,30858570,Posted: 31 March,all,magicdragon375,great game
76561198021645312,Recommended,221680,30823982,Posted: 29 March,all,gmichaelburton,Owned this on PS3 and it was good. Bought the remastered version on steam sale and it is awesome.
,Recommended,221680,23796353,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Gonezero,"Its really fun. Even if you dont like certain songs when you start to play them they grow on you. Side note the dlc is on sale -40%  ""add all"" dlc to cart and it said $1600 which is a big wtf they would sell alot more if they were not so expensive."
,Recommended,221680,23802797,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,DisturbedTimeTraveler,"great game, very go9od for beginners"
76561198024515012,Recommended,221680,23803786,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,cptavatar,"thumbs up. Getting used site-reading with thier notation took a little bit, but the minigames helped. Styles covered are widely varied thanks to DLC - you'll probalby find some songs you love, many you hate, some you thought you didn't like but are actually fun to play."
76561197969431070,Recommended,221680,23804340,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dubie,Well sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥it works! Been trying the self taught method for a long time and due to lack of time and effort did not really get anywhere.Now i can somewhat play guitar and bass.
76561198234307056,Recommended,221680,23809078,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,aclypsa,"Both as a gigging musician and an instructor, I recommend this game. It's a fantastic learning tool and loads of fun."
,Recommended,221680,23086170,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Trips,looks great but you really really need the cable.as i have now got the cable i have discovered a new lovethis is it.i will be playing my bass in no time at this rate. 2 hours in and i cant get enough of it.
76561198042056694,Recommended,221680,8440540,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ve'mu Heuto,Awesome game. Makes practicing scales and chords less of a chore :D
,Not Recommended,221680,26017208,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,dr_glacier,"Pro:+ Absolutely fabulous way to learn to play guitar.Con:- Enormous stability issues. A large part of the community have had issues with bugs and crashes to desktop throughout. Still not fixed. Success will depend on hardware: one of my computers runs it without issue, and the other will run from 5 to 10 minutes before CTD. Bugs with tuning."
76561198051286897,Recommended,221680,29267624,Posted: 15 January,all,Presley,The closest you'll ever come to feeling like a real rockstar.
,Recommended,221680,11108530,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Campo,YES YES YES YES!
,Recommended,221680,7635517,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,DOTA Yrself Clean,"Fixes pretty much every problem I had with Rocksmith 1. Riff repeater is usable now, session mode is awesome and it has The Spirit of Radio. Give me some QOTSA and some Metric  DLC and it'll be perfect."
,Recommended,221680,28138320,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,shmaxy,Just another Ubisoft game. Full of bugs. Still going to play it because it's good to learn with.
,Recommended,221680,24145114,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,thirstyforpepsi,hell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earthhell on earth10/10
76561198045692119,Recommended,221680,7546191,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Mad_Duck,WOOOO!!!RTH IT!!!
,Recommended,221680,7762088,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Volkish Heresy,On a scale of 1-10 this game is an 11.
,Recommended,221680,7760833,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ScreamingZebra,"I put some hours down in the first rocksmith and really enjoyed it. After reading a IGN review i brought it as i'd been holding off thinking it was just the same thing released again as a way for them too make money but boy was i wrong! The songs, the smoothness and no long as loading screen crowd gimics or tuning your guitar over and over (unless the song needs it)"
,Recommended,221680,7714396,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,kai920hk,"Endless hours of fun while learning REAL instruments (guitar AND bass). Best money I've ever spent on a 'game', period."
76561197987253515,Recommended,221680,7869438,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Gigamosh,"This game is absolutely amazing. It is the best way to practice the guitar I've ever seen. It's so fun you will forget you're practicing and might not even realize just how much you are improving. If you like playing the guitar and would like to learn how to play some popular songs this is the game for you. Playing an actual guitar can be intimidating for those without experience, but this game will adjust itself for people of all skill levels.However, even though the game has several new features that were added since the last instalment, I'm not sure they warrant an entirely new game with a higher price tag. Also, I would like to see more songs available for DLC and idealy at a lower price."
,Recommended,221680,7869507,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Darksteel,"Simply amazing. Perfect example of how games and game design can make everything better. If you like music and wanna learn how to play the guitar, play this game!"
76561198052698925,Recommended,221680,7871004,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,steve_c285,super fun time.
76561198048638779,Recommended,221680,7872597,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Hugo Vieira,"It is a great improvement on the previous iteration, faster load times, more intuitive e fluid tabs, session mode its a great and fun way to pratice scales e harmonies, and the little arcade games offer a good fun way to pratice a few aspects of guitar playing. Unlike the previous Rocksmith which had a game mode, this one does not, so its more of a learning tool than a game. It's a great way for beginners to learn guitar, if you are a intermediate or advance player not so much, altough you can still have lots of fun with it. I would love to see added a feature to allow you to control individual instrument tracks in 'Learn a Song' mode, or at least the ability to solo the guitar tracks, also the ability to control the master level of the song while playing because sometimes it is a little boring having to play the same song a few times in the lower easier levels in order to get to a level that will challenge you."
,Recommended,221680,7873142,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,VAGINA JAZZ‽,"A game that significantly harms my fingers, my brain, my wallet and my self-esteem.5 stars."
,Recommended,221680,7789391,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Biel Maia,"Very useful to learn to play a guitar or bass, this helps learn different techniques, from palm mute, shifting, artificial harmonics to two-hands tapping and arpeggios."
,Recommended,221680,7838325,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Shaqaruden,This game really does help learn to play guitar. Being an amateur guitarist I see this game as being really useful to beginners as well as current players like me that want to learn new techniques and songs.
76561198010707390,Recommended,221680,7820601,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,SanShiney,SUPER AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,221680,7864472,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Belial,"Ok so I really liked the original Rocksmith. I liked the way there was a story element where you'd arrange a set list, and then you had to practice those songs until you'd mastered them to then rock them in a performance. You'd get points and streaks, and it was all very competative.Well there's none of that anymore with RockSmith 2014, and I think that's sad. The catalog of DLC songs is now vast, covering classical through to spoof acts. Playing and practicing the songs is fin, don't get me wrong... but it just doesn't feel like a game anymore. There are arcade challenges, but it's really not the same thing.All this said, I still can't put the gaem down. I've clocked up more hours playing this than I have romping though the entire Borderlands trilogy (1,2 and Pre-sequel) combined. It's definitly improved my playing ability and technique, but if you're already half proficient, some of the tutorials do feel like you're being taught to suck and egg.If you're completely new to guitar... don't get this game. Buy a book or get a friend to show you the basics. If you've already been playing a month or so, this is proably not a bad investment. If you've been playing for more than 5 years, this is going to be too easy. In you're in that sweetspot in the middle, pick it up.Oh, and I thought session mode was going to be awesome... it was a bit of a let down IMHO."
,Recommended,221680,7888952,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Darth,Great way to learn how to play a guitar
76561197970766825,Recommended,221680,7892450,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Zetetic,"Massive improvement over the original Rocksmith, turns scales and other repetitive tasks in to a fun game."
76561197969057636,Recommended,221680,7892650,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,barfdoggiedog,"This is by far the best way to spend your time playing videogames.  At least when your current girlfriend leaves you for gaming too much, you can pick up a new one with the skills you have acquired.  But seriously, Rocksmith 2014 improves on the original formula perfectly, making this a must have if you wish to learn guitar by yourself."
76561198112872078,Recommended,221680,9113737,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bapaknya Panjang Kumis,"This is guitar hero, literally."
76561198104024429,Recommended,221680,7895074,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,malikmay90,this game is amazing
,Recommended,221680,7875294,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,fuckboyadvance,"Ever since buying this ""game"" I haven't been able to put it down. It's literally the best tool to learn guitar or bass on your own. Period."
76561198015484447,Recommended,221680,7803797,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Coheen,Blisters on my fingers.
,Recommended,221680,8755875,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,esmo,"Potentially a lot of fun, but for an experiencecd guitarist the non-standard notation feels bogus and simply frustrating. When you need to grind and learn a song that you could easily play prima vista on standard guitar tab, it takes away most of the fun, of which there definitely there would be a lot of. Other gripes include latency issues, though less bad as in the first game and some note detection troubles especially on lower chords.Beginners shouldn't be bothered as much by the tab problem (although why not just have the normal tab as option, as it is a beneficial thing to learn in itself?) and the session room can be fun for all levels. So recommended, but not for everyone."
76561198015601265,Not Recommended,221680,14286709,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bigpoppaj,"I used a Washburn x-series electric, my computer far exceeds the recommended specs for this game, and yet I still had issues with sync, Ive been playing guitar for 20 years and got this for fun. I would play clean note and they would not register or the sync would not be correct. I owned the original version of this game for xbox 360 and had the same issues with sound sync. For those out there who haven't, more power to you, but I was not happy with this game."
,Recommended,221680,15569745,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Lethal Hairdryer,"Lots of improvements upon the first game including setting difficulty for songs (Score Attack), Session mode (Learning scales). Most importantly the large input lag of the first game is nowhere to be seen as well as the clunky loading times and inefficient layout of Rocksmith 2011. Overall this game is a blast to play and immensely enjoyable for hours on end without any mark of repetitiveness. A must buy for a guitar player of any skill level."
,Recommended,221680,29345988,Posted: 18 January,all,Sea Lemon,gg af
,Recommended,221680,30782975,Posted: 27 March,all,Konj,"I have only one problem with this game:Dynamic Difficulty.If you are a beginner, TURN THIS OFF, IT WILL MAKE YOU HATE YOURSELF.What Dynamic Difficulty does is, once you reach a certain level, it immediately bumps you up. For example, if you do OK on a 30% difficulty setting, even though you only played through it once and were decent,  the very next time it will be bumped to 50%, and I had no idea dynamic difficulty was on.I kept thinking to myself, ""I've been practicing for weeks, why the ♥♥♥♥ am I getting worse and worse and worse?""And then I realized it's because the game was trying to bump me up to 100% difficulty within minutes. It will not wait for you no. I kept getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and discouraged because of this stupid, pointless feature. I never wanted to play guitar again until I finally learned what this poinltess, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ feature was. I love the game, and now that I can actually move at my own speed it's a lot more fun  and easy.In short, dynamic difficulty is like an AP class, it will not wait for you to be caught up. If you can only play 20%, you'll do that once, get an okay performance, and then immediately the next time you play it will be changed to 40% difficulty, and if anyone here is like me, I can't learn 100% mastery in guitar in 3 hours from ground zero.Horrible pacing and just a god awful feature to be automatically turned on, especially for beginners.It'd be like after you beat a song on easy in guitar hero, the next song is medium, and then after that it's immediately switched to hard right afterwards. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Grade A game though, 9/10."
76561198007290272,Recommended,221680,12201060,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,adam.steiner,Brilliant way to learn guitar and bass.  Rocksmith 2014 a little bit better.
,Recommended,221680,8026139,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,xforsaken,Best guitar game ever!
,Recommended,221680,18088229,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Deaglebird,"Before rocksmith, I couldnt play guitar.Now I know what a guitar is.10/10"
76561198047609043,Recommended,221680,29325734,Posted: 17 January,all,Loli Princess,"Rocksmith is not Guitar Hero for real men, Guitar Hero is Rocksmith for babies."
,Recommended,221680,29702421,Posted: 4 February,all,q υ ι c к м α т н s,"Be pepared to fork out an extra £20 for the cable to connect to your guitar, which is very easily prone to breaking.I'd probably have over 100 hours by now if the cable hadn't broken on me. Twice.Also, it seems to have a problem with speakers. The game simply refuses to work if I try and use the speakers that I usually connect to my PC, so I have to use headphones, which isn't very great.But aside from that it's a good way to learn guitar, it has options for Lead Rhythm and Bass with literally hundreds of songs to learn. Get it if you own a guitar."
,Recommended,221680,27360911,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Christina,Makes a great way to learn if you dont want to just look at tabs and have fun while learning.
76561198052304314,Recommended,221680,21761702,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Redwolf,roxck smith is the best gAMWEV IN THE WPORLD IT USUES REAL LIFE GUITAR FOR MUSCIO i klove it so much plz plz play it im very lonwlyh.Yourdsas sincerly johnatholn
76561197963789997,Recommended,221680,25897506,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,tureten,"I love love playing this game but recently i bought surface pro 4 and it hasnt been working since then. If one of you have solution, pls explain."
,Recommended,221680,28921291,Posted: 1 January,all,drummrgurl,"hey, thats pretty good"
76561198208724069,Recommended,221680,29026572,Posted: 4 January,all,Uvuevweve Oneteyewe Ugmuhwm Osas,ez satch boogie
,Recommended,221680,11670834,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Supa_Kappa,"An incredibly powerful practice tool, I've improved my meagre guitar skills immensely. It is also a signifficant step-up from the previous version. The only real complaint I have is that the songs it comes with are rather lacking. This is easily fixed with a trip to the internet."
,Recommended,221680,30783648,Posted: 27 March,all,SmokieOneKinobe,Beware if you have Windows 10. The game requires some tweaking to get running but after you do that it's fine. I've been playing guitar professionally for over a decade and this game has still taught me a few things. Great for beginners or old hats. I had the original rocksmith 2014 on playstation just picked it up again for PC.
,Recommended,221680,34904318,Posted: 12 September,all,Gabezilla007,Good
,Recommended,221680,28841273,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Tarheel Mark,Five out of five devil horns.\../.  \../.  \../.  \../.  \../.
76561198126899414,Recommended,221680,20347959,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kuba hellcase.com,"Hi guys(English is not my native language... i hope you will understand and sorry for my mistakes)I wasnt beginer guitar player when i started to play this game, so i cant tell you if it is good game for someone who want to learn play guitar. I am advanced player and this game helps me to learn.1. If you want to play this game you will need special cable (cca 30 Euro), guitar (... it wont work with classic acustic guitar... you need to connect it with pc) and PC with rocksmith 2014 of course. You will need also uplay account.2. At the start of the game you will choose your guitar playstyle (lead, rythm or bass) and your main hand (right-handed, left-handed). After that you can play tutorial if you want.3. Now you can choose what you want to do. Learn the song, Guitar lessons, Guitar games, or improvise with band (band will try to play with you)-Learn the song- in game without DLC you can find cca 30 songs ... I found 3 or 4 songs interesting for me (but it depends on what music you like), but you can get more songs... you can buy DLCs or download custom DLCs. When you start to play game will automaticly set difficulty of song, based on your skills.-Guitar lessons- simple istructions how to play on guitar (i learned to play guitar before with teacher so i cant tell if you can learn it ""bad"" way ... i read this in other rewievs, but i think it is possible).-Guitar games- guitar games are usefull to improve your skills, or just have some fun.-Playing with band- you can choose instruments, and guitar scale, than you play the scale.Btw. you will have quests (challenges) that you can complene if you want.I think this game is awesome ... you can learn a lot, improve your skills and have fun.Pros:-If you play this game it is not wasted time-helps to learn play guitar-Lots of songs you can learn to play (if you buy DLCs or download CDLCs)Cons:-meybe you can learn to play incorrectlyThings you have to count with:-special rocksmith cable-you need real guitar"
76561198041811469,Recommended,221680,27583840,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CelomarD,"This game is awesome, I always wanted to learn how to play my favorite songs on the guitar. The library is huge, a lot of heavy metal songs \m/.Unfortunately you need the Real Tone Cable to play the game, so, you must purchase it separately."
,Recommended,221680,15752194,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TrojanFM,"I would write a review, my hands hurts from playing too much though..."
76561197970412873,Recommended,221680,26897854,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Erufailon,"I don't know how good this is for learning to play guitar, because I've been playing since I was a kid, but it's still a fun way to learn new songs, though not a cheap way for sure."
,Recommended,221680,14219182,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,m i l k e ϟϟ,"This is great but not as a way to learn guitar. If a beginner plays this game in hopes of learning guitar, they will fall flat on their faces. There is little to no theory involved and you will end up ""learning"" how to use a guitar as a video game controller rather than an instrument. Don't get me wrong, this is a fun game to play if you can already play guitar as it is basically Guitar Hero, but that's all it is. If you really want to learn guitar, start with some Youtube tutorials. Learn some scales and fingering techniques first and most important, do not learn using the guitar hero method. You will be unable to play guitar without the help from the game and you'll sound like garbage outside of it. I really wish this game had more theory and exercises included; as the Guitarcade is not a proper way to learn.FInal Verdict: It's a game and you really won't learn much. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,221680,22169633,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SGT America,Simply amazing.
,Recommended,221680,29015466,Posted: 4 January,all,PatsDark,"For the money, what you get is the best tool on the market to learn to play guitar. I got a guitar for Xmas and get into this as a total newb. 6.4 hours in, i am still a newb but i can do simple things now and working my way up. Never knew this instrument was such a challenge but i am enjoying every step and with this highly varied and well made tool it makes it very fun. No mater if you pay full price or, like me, got it in a winter sale, it's worth every penny.I don't have the real tone cable, i am using the mic. It generally does a great job but i've been witness to a few wrong here and there. Still highly maneagable but if you can get the cable, get it."
76561198024409920,Not Recommended,221680,23913420,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Timmy,"honestly, this game is probably a great game and a very easy way to learn how to play guitar. however, as of recently, ubisoft has stopped producing and selling the real tone cables in canada and you will not be able to find them anywhere except for online. even there, results are limmited. this would have been a great game back then but now it is unplayable."
,Not Recommended,221680,20406447,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Swables,"The game is pretty cool and well made, but if you already have experience on playing guitar and you just want to improve then I dont think this is a good way. You can learn songs with the game but its harder, I've spent a lot of money (the game doesnt come with a lot of music, so you have to buy as dlcs and it is kinda expensive, also you have to buy a cable which is not cheap either) and time and I dont see a big improvement, getting tabs on internet or in a book its a lot easier, I find confusing the way they tried to fit everything on the screen and you have no idea what the tablature looks like so the notes keep coming and you dont know what to do.Although, if you like guitar hero ( like me) its really fun to play but takes time to get used to it.For me its a 4/10"
,Not Recommended,221680,10987214,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,OmniToad,"It's a very good game, but damn is it an ordeal to aquire the cable needed. I had to check out almost a dozen different stores before I found someone who actually carried it.I wouldn't recommend ever buy this game via steam. If you can find the bundle in store, you're better off buying it like that. It's cheaper overall and just easier."
,Not Recommended,221680,34892082,Posted: 11 September,all,BananaJane,Awesome gameHorrible editionThey've patched the good version with denuvo and now there's no way to play the old oneSo ♥♥♥♥ it
,Not Recommended,221680,26672179,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Fuwa Fuwa,"what a pos. Enourmous difficulties to install and set up, if you have different audio devices in your system you going to have a bad time. Tuner in the game is broken. Bugs, crashes. Their Help is ridicoulous.Hair Pulling Sim 2016!!Shame on me to buy another Ubisheit"
76561198150647451,Not Recommended,221680,28413808,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,goludan,after the update it is not worth the price.
,Not Recommended,221680,26588989,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,kaywuh,"Before the Remaster, this game was incredible and was why I picked guitar up again after not having played for years.  However, the Remaster is broken.  At first, the game would freeze after tuning and I would have to force close the window.  I found what was supposed to be a fix for that, but now the game does not recognize the RealTone cable even though my computer does.  I have no idea why they would even release a ""remaster"", as the game was perfect the way it was, and there is no longer a way to play the original."
76561198016548300,Not Recommended,221680,28824166,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[AG] stigus,"last patch broke the game for people with the geniune really over priced true rippoff cable, in favour of those who do not have any cable.If you want to jump through hoops getting this once great piece of software to work and then mess some more after to return your pc to normal then this is for you. otherwise wait for the patch."
,Not Recommended,221680,29121548,Posted: 8 January,all,Actual Cannibal,"Sometimes the game will pickup your notes, sometimes it won't.  I usually go through a single selection on a new song to learn it a bit before going on, and the difficulty will be on easy...so a single note...and it will still show it missing.  It's pointless to invest the money in the game, the cable, and in my case a guitar, and then not be able to reliably use the game to determine if you are playing correctly.  I'm still excited to learn and use the guitar, but this isn't reliable enough to do that.  It's a damn shame, too, because I've heard great things and was really looking forward to it.That said, when it works, it's awesome."
,Not Recommended,221680,22104382,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Triangleman,"It's pretty frustrating that there's no option to display the music as sheet music or tabs. It feels like more effort is being put into learning how to read music a la guitar hero than being put into learning the songs themselves, and for what? Sure, if you're a complete beginner and like how easy it is to get into then maybe, but otherwise just buy a book and learn."
,Not Recommended,221680,25974153,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Sir Wrecks-a-lot,"The new update broke the game. you song choices are now limited, and DLC is now broken with the ""Remasted"" update. I use to love this game but they ruined it with the update. and untill it is fixed i can not recomend this game."
76561198002354981,Not Recommended,221680,26624130,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,DuctTapeNinja,"This game is a nightmare to get to work with Windows 8.1. I just spent 3 hours uninstalling/reinstalling/updating drivers, restarting my computer, etc, and it still doesn't work. I tested the cables on a friends Windows 7 pc and they work perfect. Google turns up that Windows 8/10 are very hit and miss with this one, so I would recommend you stay away from this. I went through the same problems two years ago when I bought this game and got it working then, but after the hours spent troubleshooting was frustrated enough that I no longer had any interest in playing. The solutions I found then don't work anymore, so I'd say this game is garbage."
76561198037257450,Not Recommended,221680,26186204,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,theoh,"Nice to have an update but ever since it updated to remastered, I can no longer play any of my purchased DLC. Therefore, the update has been quite frustrating and is not worth the time.Before the update the game was excellent."
76561198080305685,Not Recommended,221680,22286912,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Byshard,"game is fine, but fact that i have to spend about 30mins plugging the cable until pc can recognize it is a bit frustrating, really frustratingEdit: now it doesn't work at all."
,Recommended,221680,23902745,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Donito Trumpolini,"Like Guitar Hero, only you actually learn guitar."
,Recommended,221680,28673723,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Zintix,"Defo helped with learning how to play, then the guitar gathered dust as did ths game"
76561198084847017,Recommended,221680,7752474,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Barbarian Bear,"If you are a beginner or a returning player; this game is for you. I have started playing the bass 2 years ago and i was slowly growing bored of it, playing the same tunes all the time and not feeling that progress was being made.Rocksmith 2014 kick-started my return to the front of the stage with a great variety of songs that i would have never even thought of playing. This game is definitely getting my chops back on track!"
,Recommended,221680,7453532,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,LaXDragon,It really is an amazing way to learn guitar.
,Recommended,221680,8270477,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Comrade Suhov,"If you never played Rocksmith games before - get Rocksmith 2014. If you have played Rocksmith 2011 - get RS2014 and Disk Import Tool to transfer old default songs to new versions (DLC from RS2011 will be transfered for free without Disk Import tool).Rocksmith 2014 features greatly faster menus and UI in more responsive, better and more detailed lessons and more techniques impemented to be used in songs. Especially repeater function has been drastically improved as you can turn it on with mere press of one button during the song.I'd call it a superior to RS2011 in every way, however I didn't like style of some of new mini-games and bright, sterile looks of the backgrounds. Also, Rocksmith Path feature from the older game is gone and replaced by plain missions. I miss playing gig's sometimes.But, other than than, RS2014 is a good step forward."
76561197993509026,Recommended,221680,28784295,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,The Dude,play the 12th fret..sounds like your on the 13th fret.. sounds like your on the 13th fret. sounds like your on the 13th fret. NO IM NOT I AM PLAYING THE 12TH FRET  AHHHHH.. maybe it cuase my guitar is cheap.. maybe its out of tune although my tuner says its fine.. nothing but telling me over and over again im on the wrong fret... i counted 5 times.. i put the sticker on the 12th fret.. i retuned my guitar.. can not get past this.. im not giving up but boy am i hot under the collar right now..
76561198095311640,Recommended,221680,23147293,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Tempting_Time00,Fun but I dont see myself playing this game that much....
76561198050929641,Recommended,221680,7905490,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,NoFatCash,Great way to learn or brush up on your skills.
,Recommended,221680,7917856,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,sausage,"Absolutly hands down fantastic! Not once before this have i played guitar, and within three days of playing; i have mastered finger movment and finished almost all of the lessons at 100%! My average on each song is about 30-50% mastered! This is an amazing program and i suggest buying it! Great for new and returning players."
76561197964527189,Recommended,221680,7922802,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,BossHogg,They managed to actually get rid of all the annoying things from the first one... Lag is gone. Menu is vast improvement. So good my fingers hurt!!
76561197992915102,Recommended,221680,8725446,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,mirglep,Rocksmith is a great and very fun way to learn to play some cool songs. It may not be the best way to learn the guitar because some things can't be thought by a game but it is the way for me because it keeps me motivated and is very easy to pick up.
,Recommended,221680,8738972,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,MrMoo,If you play guitar i'd recommend getting this so much easier to then figuring out the chords for yourself plus its great fun. I'd recommend to those that have a basic knowledge of guitar if your just start i'd recommend some lessons first before playing this or at least playing all the lessons on rocksmith before learning a song to make it easier for you.
,Recommended,221680,8732284,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,shroud,"I love my guitar, and sometimes I get bored. So one day I bought Rocksmith 2014. Ive spent over 100 hrs on Rocksmith (Original) and used it mainly because it gives you access to great effects to throw on your guitar. The game is great for learning as a begginner and moderate player. If you are just starting this game will try your patience. It's not a magical program that gives you techniques from the likes of Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, Dimebag Darrel, Dave Mustaine, Dan Donegan, Synyster Gates, and Andy James, HOWEVER....................... If you stick with it, and do the fundamental drill over and over again, you will progress at a decent pace. I recommend it if you are willing to put time into it. This is the only game where I can say I really didn't waste money, because it has a real life affect on the real world. ENJOY!"
76561197962187157,Recommended,221680,8747057,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,ZiN,"If you've ever bought a guitar wanted to learn but it just started gathering dust, then this is the game for you. Most fun I've had with a guitar ever and was already playing better within the first hour of gameplay."
,Recommended,221680,8720388,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Juicy Hula Hoop,"great game, makes it simple to learn songs"
76561197967558464,Recommended,221680,7780706,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Mr Torgue,"a worthy successor to the original Rocksmith. the new version is faster, sleeker, with much improved latency for you rhythm game vets, much better riff repeater interface (seriously). you might be a *little* disappointed that it costs an extra 10 spot to import your old rocksmith songs into this new version, but the charts have been fixed up a little and are worth it just to add to the collection."
76561198012939422,Recommended,221680,7932743,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,seantzu72,Rocksmith 2014 fixed a lot of issues I had with the old game and has really jumpstarted my guitar playing again.I am glad to have picked up this learning software (wouldn't really call it a game)
,Recommended,221680,7858243,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cowbell,"Yes, it really does teach you guitar, and it makes practicing guitar a lot of fun! Best money spent on a game."
,Recommended,221680,7914386,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Sylian,Amazing game if you want to practice guitar.
76561197992136969,Recommended,221680,7917549,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Quartermaine,"8/10 'Best sequel 2013'Still not perfect, but somehow a massive improvement on Rocksmith 1.They've also updated the DLC from Rocksmith 1!"
76561198032607817,Recommended,221680,7752030,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,wickedmushroom,"I freaking love this game.I was really surprised by how awesome this game is. I'm an experienced guitar player and kinda begin to loose interest in actually playing the instrument. Because of this game I restored my love for playing. At first I was afraid that this type of game would not have anything new to me. Oh, I was wrong. Learning songs and improving techniques has never been so much fun.I totally recommend this thing for everyone. Does not matter if you're a noob at playing guitar or have some experience.You will have fun."
,Recommended,221680,7770024,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,simlempaq,"This game is amazing, it helps you with your technique while playing your favorite songs.. Cant ask more seriously. Better, and by far, than the first of its name."
,Recommended,221680,7771707,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,niq,Love it
,Recommended,221680,7809350,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Remiarn,Love rocksmith I spend many hours playing/learning and having fun while doing it.
,Recommended,221680,7831317,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Tactitrooper,"A cleaner, easier to use version of rocksmith 2012. It is a visible upgrade and less clunky. Now to see if it can actually help me get past my shlump in guitar learning."
,Recommended,221680,7834191,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,flower farter 69,"This is an amazing game. Litterally a guitar hero for the real guitar with leaderbords on each song and all.Weather your a beginner or an expert, you'll have a LOT of fun with this, and may even learn a thing or two!Keep in mind, this is no replacement for a guitar teacher, or guitar lessons. It does a good job on trying to teach you all the teqnuiqs but things like sweeping, tapping, hammer on's and pull off's, all should be taught by a teacher and practiced with exersizes.I will however highly prase it's cord exersizes. Due to the games, you'll know your cords better than ever if you master every mini game.AND BE SURE TO ORDER THE CABLE FOR THIS GAME AS WELL! the game will NOT work without it!"
,Recommended,221680,7835427,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,orj,I'm loving Rocksmith 2014 on my Mac. It is making me a better guitarist. I'm so enthusiastic about this game in fact that I recently dropped a small fortune on a buying a new Gibson Les Paul.
,Recommended,221680,7835470,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Mr.Fluffy,"awsome game for learning how to play the guitar, and the minigames are fun as well its like the whole wax on wax off thing, you can play the mini games for hours without thinking about it and it all comes down to the skills you gain while playing them everything gets easier"
,Recommended,221680,7825381,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Not Joe Rogan,"I reccomend this game to any guitar or bassist. It not only teaches you songs at your own pace in a fun way, but detects and adapts towards plans that help you become a better guitarist/bassist. This version is much better than the old one, in how it teaches you songs and techniques. Any guitarist/bassist can pick up this game from any skill level from total beginner to expert musician."
,Recommended,221680,7792785,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,pallbearer1,"Rocksmith 2014 - loving the new features like Session Mode and jamming with an Instant band, what I do dislike is that there is no way to record your performances. And kind of missing that Rock Status mode of RockSmith one, levelling up. the new guitarcade games as usual are great fun and really impressive to improve real life guitar skills. Overall it is a great buy for a good amount of knowledge and fun to be had."
76561197974917187,Recommended,221680,8761625,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Gunda,Music has been an important part of my life and at age 31 I am now deciding to learn an instrument. I chose the guitar. I am glad I purchased this game for the aspect of making learning from a video game quite fun. I do however feel there are some lacking aspects of truely teaching someone from the ground up. I study other teaching websites and videos on the internet so its not a huge deal. What I would like to see is a software that can completely replace the need for an instructor. From what I have gathered it is a huge improvement over the previous title. I can only hope that eventually it will be the best teaching tool out there.
,Recommended,221680,8700783,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Soaken Tanh,"While this game won't completly teach you how to play the guitar, it is a fantastic tool to aid in your mastery of those sweet steel strings.  This game has frustrated me to no end with its dynamic difficulty, but at the same time it's fantastic. For example: You'll be banging along knocking out notes, until NEW CHALLENGER APPROACHING! All of the sudden it'll throw a chord your way. You may never have seen this particular one before and at the speed you were at, it messed you all up and throws you totally off your groove. Well this thing isn't guitar hero and if you aren't already skilled at the guitar, can't be played as such. But if you slow down, use the Rift Repeater tool all day long and practice the fundementals more than you play, you'll be sitting pretty.TL;DR: This is a fantastic tool to motivate and gamify the learning of guitar. But it will not teach you all everything you need to know to be a master."
76561197967458965,Recommended,221680,8700791,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Rocket PUNCH!,"Note:  Need a real electric guitar or bass and aRocksmith cord ( got mine via amazon)An absolutely brilliant way to learn to play songs and subsequently how to play a real guitar.  There are three paths, lead, rhythm guitar or bass and none of them are skimp.  SO HARD at times and SO MUCH FUN!  Totally worth your money and time."
76561198036602653,Recommended,221680,8710929,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,rjarrettdowd,Awesome!
76561198006532565,Recommended,221680,8712831,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,hosebeast42,"If you want to learn guitar- this is categorically the game to play- I have on gripe and that is Ubisoft jamming their foot in the door with the popularity of the game, forcing you to sign in to their servers to access portions of the game- and now saying my cd key is not working- and bought on Steam!!! Vexing, but not enough to keep me from whole heartedly recommending the game- if you want to play a real guitar, learning real skills- take a break from blowing up imaginary stuff and find something you will find cool in and out of the game world"
,Recommended,221680,7618120,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,TTErallye,"learned to play guiatr in under a year...who said you can't teach a old dog new Tricks?Rocksmith 2014 takes the tricks to a new level, fanastic details, the minigames  are much more enjoyable than in the first game.9/10UPDATE - 700+ hours down over a 2 year period, and this game is still holding its own, teaching me a thing or two each time i play it, and most importantly still gives me a sense of acheivment when you go play a song I haven't played for months, because it originally was kicking my butt, and then you get to see an instant 5-10% improvment from all the skills you have picked up along the way playing other songs.this game is legendary, an acheivment in self learning tools, and will only get old if DLC ever stops being released.10/10"
76561198047134587,Recommended,221680,18861688,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,yellow,The good: guitar arcade is great help for new playersThe bad: game doesn't really care how 'clean' sound you produceThe ugly: game doesn't like idea of tinkering with its files and Custom DLC support is tricky to get or even unavailable (under Linux)
76561198078364057,Recommended,221680,26452847,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Rocky™,Instructions unclear:Got di*k stuck in guitarCan't get refund for that for some reason.....
,Recommended,221680,27729327,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JepSky,can i use guitar gero guitar on this game?
,Recommended,221680,23843858,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,sumhavok,50+ hours in and still trying to figure out how to get around the registration screen.  I hear it's a good game....
76561197960573752,Not Recommended,221680,33470876,Posted: 11 July,all,Bartz,"It was great for learning, but it doesn't work with USB 3.0; as a result my newer computer isn't able to connect the real tone cable.** Requires USB 2.0 port"
,Recommended,221680,7458647,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Nazar,"Fixes pretty much every small issue with the last. If you play guitar currently, you'll have fun learning new songs. If you played guitar but don't anymore, this will motivate you to pick it up. If you've never touched a guitar in your life, this will start you out and get you playing. Very much worth checking out if you have any interest in playing guitar or bass, because it will get you playing the instrument even if you have no idea what you're doing."
76561198081105723,Not Recommended,221680,31935312,Posted: 24 May,all,Squidward Tortellini,The game is fine but the official guitar cable is garbage and unoptimize. i have been playing for a little bit and then all of a sudden the USB guitar cable decided not to work. there is no offical fix that helps and it literally makes the game unplayable.
76561198014921375,Recommended,221680,18282666,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,cosmicandre,Haiku ReviewRocking is my biz.Buzzing audio is downer.More good than bad. Fun.
76561197962966525,Not Recommended,221680,20901749,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,29a,Does not work on windows 10 for me. Not with the RME Babyface Pro (audio interface) nor with my USB Headset as output device. The rocksmith cable is not properly recognized either.
,Not Recommended,221680,29615197,Posted: 31 January,all,Scrungo Beepis,$10 to import songs I already own? ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft.
,Recommended,221680,7870538,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Arenow,"Increïble 'eina' per a practicar la guitarra, molt millor que el primer. No ens enganyem, les hores de pràctica no te les treurà ningú... però ajuda molt a fer-ho divertit. Per a motivats.EDIT: 4 anys després segueixo utilitzant això cada setmana. Tranquil·lament es podria dir Rocksmith Infinite."
,Not Recommended,221680,20571779,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Wa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pow!,"The game itself is great.But the support is ♥♥♥♥ing awful.  For a game where sound is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing important, Ubisoft does a♥♥♥♥♥♥job of making sure it works with soundcards and Windows 10.  The fact that you can't play it through a dedicated sound card is complte and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  Ubisoft should be ashamed of itself for letting the support get this bad.  I'm ♥♥♥♥ing tired of having to reinstall my sound drivers every time for the ""work around"" the forums tell every Windows 10 user to do.♥♥♥♥ you, Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,221680,22987476,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,rockinrob210,"This is a phenomenal game... when it actually works. Unfortuantely, most of the time, there are lots of different problems. The guitar tone cuts out, only allowing for clean tone only. Which takes away from the gaming experience. Other times, the tone stops working entirely. I am constantly having to restart the game in order to play it. Lately, the graphics are lagging and I can't play along with the song unless I play by ear only. Which kind of defeats the entire purpose of the game. Too bad. It could have been so much more than it really is."
,Recommended,221680,17469391,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,jslatts (LemonPartyOrganiser),"Bought this game so i can get some ♥♥♥♥♥, all i got was cramped hands and multiple crusty tissues"
,Not Recommended,221680,29043992,Posted: 5 January,all,luigB,"Can't use any external sound drivers, only the base PC sound driver.Bought this game so I could stream it, literally can't even use my microphone while playing it, else the audio is distorted and crackly. Yes I tried to find work-arounds. No, they don't exist."
76561198081072043,Not Recommended,221680,22136719,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,mavonline,"The game is mot working!Crash, no codes, nothing...Tried all ways to fix i found in the internet... noSeems like i gotta buy special PC for this game"
76561197986295702,Recommended,221680,12560482,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,olrait,Im Angus. Hello.
,Recommended,221680,7906694,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Lord Grarl,"You learn to play songs. It makes it easy to learn how to play by the varying difficulty, I knew nothing of how to play guitar when I started, now I know my way around a guitar and can play some easier songs."
,Not Recommended,221680,30818522,Posted: 29 March,all,LeRune,"Nothing worked. No sound! Won't pick up bass or guitar when sound does work! Sounds like a robot when it does pick it up and has sound. I am not fiddling with settings to get this to work. The high cost on this game, there should be no issues. Very disappointed!"
76561198027889456,Not Recommended,221680,28247711,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,jensen,"Hundreds of songs. Tons of fun. Dozens of bugs. (:It's a great game! And probably the best of its kind (there are not many alternatives though). Ubisoft did a great job! But did not quite polish it.I own a copy for PS4 and a copy for Mac/PC. Each one has it's own glitches. No profile synchronization (that is no progress synchronization), but I can stand it. No content/DLC synchronization!.. but yeah, everybody knows it.However, the most annoying are some regular issues that completely break gameplay. For instance, sometimes ejecting headphones leads to constant noise and you have to restart the game. Sometimes the game won't find your connected Real Tone Cable and you have to restart the game. From other point, some songs don't sound good. For example, The Rolling Stones' ""Paint it, black"" pedal effects seems almost muting the sound of my guitar (not always, though!). Of course, all that problems may be due to my OS (OS X 10.11.6, troubles on Mac? Seriously? What should I do? Re-install DirextX? oh wait, there is no DirectX! nor soundcard driver!), or my guitar (everybody knows that Rocksmith is very picky about it, btw I use Traveler Guitar ultra light electric to play the game).TLDR; It's a great game, but it feels like Ubisoft doesn't really strive for quality, but for profit. And the game really lacks of quality and ruins my game experience."
76561198034624929,Not Recommended,221680,30516688,Posted: 14 March,all,Yolis,It'd be awesome if i could play but nahh 4 hours of reading and trouble shooting and i still cant get the damn cable working. would be less of a head ach to get it on console.
76561198021847183,Recommended,221680,28603240,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,armkreuz,Playing this game for 5 years now. Best thing ever. Thought I could never be able to play guitar in my life. Rocksmith prove me wrong.
,Recommended,221680,7478870,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,wats-it-to-ya,"The best way to learn Guitar period!I do prefer the original game's career mode and ""concerts"" but they have really streamlined the learnig process in this one.  Session mode is awesome, just jam with your ""band"".  It is definitely more of a learning tool than a game, but then again that's a good thing.UPDATEHaving bought this game over 3 years ago, I may not play as often as I used to but its definitely a game I always come back to from time to time. The fact that the devs have kept updating the game and releasing new songs show how well the game has been received. As I write this I should found another song I wanna buy :)"
,Recommended,221680,7629626,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,ScrObot,"This is a fantastic tool to learn songs with, or to mess around in Session mode with a very customizable backing band. I'm less crazy about the ""lessons"" or minigames, but the core gameplay is extremely solid and tons of fun. Lessons from an outside source are necessary to really learn. The game does introduce techniques to you and has lesson videos, but they're somewhat shallow and don't really explain the ""why"" of things, nor can it critique your technique or correct bad habits. I highly recommend it for learning songs and as a practice aid, as long as you're coupling it with at least online tutorials, though actual lessons are always preferable. Yes, it requires Uplay, but it's pretty transparent. Once the new song format is figured out, community-built custom songs will make their way in again and unofficially expand the song library by a large amount."
76561198092709654,Not Recommended,221680,22159781,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,WolfBlindWolfie,"Does NOT work wouldn't even load, just crashed every time.according to my steam games list the game was running even though the game crashed and closed, so due to this i could not get a refund because the game somehow clocked up 3 hours of game play.I suggest that the game is fixed and updated for windows 10 and for a wider rage of graphics cards."
,Recommended,221680,24048425,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lanselot,"If you have the dedication, you WILL learn how to play guitar. i played the ps3 version before this, and even after a break of about 6 months, i still remember a lot of things.DON'T buy this on impulse, it requires time and effort (and a guitar, which can be expensive)."
76561197966899842,Recommended,221680,14338949,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Jon M,Great software for playing the guitar.
76561197987530098,Recommended,221680,35099111,Posted: 21 September,all,Vijay Naipaul,"Chicks dig me more now, get this game!"
,Not Recommended,221680,26072428,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,00morte,"I've had an excellent experience with the game in the past two years. Recently I wasn't playing anymore but last week I log'd in to play one of my favorite songs and there it was... NOTHING. The game just doesn't run anymore after the update to the ""remastered"" ed. That's just *%#$ up. All the songs i've bought and that exclusive real tone cable... Just became trash. There are magical solution on the internet but extracting a third party folder into my system is just too naive thinking that crackers wouldn't have some access of my data. Well.... What can I say.... was a good game. Now it's not even playable. Thx for that Ubisoft.-> UPDATE: So I've done a lot of reading throughout this huge forum topic (all about problems for the remastered ed.):http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1502421-Rocksmith-2014-Remastered-Bugs-IssuesA ton of people have all sorts of problems with the game. Some of them are even trying to sue Ubisoft in order to get their money back. It's really F*%#$ up.DO NOT BUY THE GAME AT THIS POINT IN TIME. SEE IF THOSE PROBLEMS HAVE ALREADY BEEN SOLVED"
,Not Recommended,221680,18117133,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,Dellakit,"Great game on console, horriblly buggy and slow on PC."
76561197983118844,Not Recommended,221680,28866977,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,shad0w96,"Dont bother!Been playing for a couple of years now,The OVERPRICED Cable you have to buy seperately took ages to pick up on my PC and when it did when you try playing songs youve played for years it claims they are wrong.Biggest waste of money."
76561197997654535,Not Recommended,221680,21192847,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,rulen613,"Game sold without mention of 'Rocksmith cable' requirement.  Couldn't get past calibration.  I bought a generic, but basically identical guitar-to-USB cable (branded cable is 3-4x more expensive); still can't get past calibration.  Program may be great, but forced purchase of a branded cable just to learn is a rip-off.  Do not buy, there are other options."
,Not Recommended,221680,28646606,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Cloud,"Constant crashes, poor optimization. Saying that there is no audio output when there clearly ♥♥♥♥ing is. Bad game."
,Not Recommended,221680,28613472,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jonathan,Doesn't support two sound cards at the same time so you can't use some USB headsets with the Rocksmith cable.Made the game impossible to play.
76561198005801855,Recommended,221680,24124451,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Warco,Wuz uuuuup!
76561198328153920,Not Recommended,221680,26257571,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,OromaGaiden,all i hear is static
76561198012545565,Not Recommended,221680,20639946,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,zastroph,"Regardless of what I do, this shitware instantly says that I do not have my guitar plugged in!"
,Not Recommended,221680,20994200,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Ikkerens,"Major issues on windows 10, getting sound to work is a pain, even trying to usually results in a crash.Refunded this. If you REALLY want to play this game, this is probably one of the few games you'd be better off on a console."
,Recommended,221680,23774151,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,VGApprentice,"This game is crap, i bought it so i could play sliver by nirvana but the game crashes when i try to launch itif you can't play sliver then whats the point of playing the guitar?i still recomend it for the lolz though"
76561198321569236,Not Recommended,221680,31726113,Posted: 13 May,all,lrac79,"Im a beginner, have a new decent guitar, first time tuning snapped a string through this game, came back once had new strings and now doesent recoginise me hitting right notes, exit out takes me back to tuning which suggest out of tune despite just passing the process. Is there a way to get money back? have a very expensive cable too!!"
76561198013427373,Not Recommended,221680,21724408,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,sublimeshmal,"Terrible game. If you plan on using this to learn guitar dont bother, its frustrating in the extreme, the progression for lessons is non existant and there is no real structure within it to help you learn.Also a terrible port of a badly designed game. A multitude of unskippable intros, an interface that lags on any menu change and said menu is confusing and not thought through at all eg the options menu is under tools for some reason. Latency between instrument and game has a slider to adjust but no information as to what the slider actually does.Just a terrible game. Wish I had installed and tried it out much sooner after I purchased it so I could get a refund.Oh yeah and if you dont have your sound set to 48khz then you dont have an output device. Thats it, no options, straight up no ability to change this at all anywhere in the game."
,Not Recommended,221680,33413418,Posted: 9 July,all,intCountZero,"Terrible. Cannot get the audio to work with Windows 10. Did my best to remove all issues associated to interference, but still hopless. Could not even get out of the gate with this game."
,Not Recommended,221680,26472015,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,White Knight,"Very upset. No matter what i do, i cant get the game to launch. whether i run as admin, check the validity of the files, debug the game, or anything else it wont work. For some reason it just stopped.it used to run fine, but then it stopped any sound coming through my usb headsets, now it isnt even launching. typical. the game breaks after i cant get a refundthese errors are very common. DONT BUY THE GAME IF YOU HAVE USB HEADPHONES"
,Recommended,221680,7757951,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NightHawk,"If you want to learn guitar, just get it ;)Nice songs included, and even better avaiable as DLC-s"
76561198030817961,Recommended,221680,7763955,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,collsg3,it's sweet but I wish i didnt have to buy the same songs from the previous one again since I already own it
76561197999111357,Not Recommended,221680,21342285,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Aban,It was a good product till they blocked DLC content.
76561197967456501,Not Recommended,221680,8905329,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,YuuzhanV,"I do not install additional DRM on my computer.  I can't recommend a game that requires it, and I feel sad that I spent the money on this.  REQUIRES UBISOFT UPLAY DRM."
76561197967906224,Not Recommended,221680,10844764,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,tambourines & elephants,"The game is by Ubisoft so there are plenty of bugs and crashes to be found. The technology isint quite good enough for me to recomend this. Plenty of time I am strumming the chords they are telling me to but the game cant quite tell what fret I am on. I tried fixing the intonation on my cheap squire strat, but it doesnt help on every song. The game will change difficulty within the same song so one chorus may be played with 2 fingers, but when it comes around again, the game is asking you to play 3. Its inconsistent and can be frustrating.Also its Ubisoft. The game has crashed on me about 4 times since I've played and thats about 10 hours at the time of this review."
,Not Recommended,221680,21063494,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Corps'grinder,"Been playing guitar for many years now, figured it would be a fun game.I have all the bells and whistles to play guitar (Digitaly)  POD HD, Steinberg UR22MKII USB audio and much more etc....I do alot of recording with my current system with impecable sound.Now UBISOFT is ""FORCING"" me to buy a crappy USB cable for 4X the amount i paid the game ?But if i crack the game ""Ilegaly"" i can play with my ""Fancy"" equipment...?Bad call Ubi , Corporate greed is not the best route here..To make it fair you should take in consideration supporting the major Audio intterfaces out there ( Just like most audio recording software ).This game should only be sold in retail stores. Has no place here on steam."
,Not Recommended,221680,24620876,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Iamsuperjelly,"It's a shame that I'm unable to enjoy this great game on my PC due to the fact that I have Windows 10. I don't understand why you guys haven't done a compatability update for this game yet and Windows 10 has been out for a year. It comes off as though you guys don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about what your customers want, there are many people other than myself that have had issues with this game due to their OS. It's unfair that you guys aren't listening to us, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together and give the people what they want."
,Not Recommended,221680,33985661,Posted: 2 August,all,Ol' St Vince,"A great game when it ♥♥♥♥ing works. I've been playing this game eversince it released and I've never had a single problem with it. Now after fresh install of windows 10, the game will NOT WORK AT ALL. My initial problem was my realtone cable not being picked up by the game, then it became my speakers not being picked up by the game. And before you know it, the game didn't even want to get past the intro loading screen. Then suddendly, I can't even start it now. I have tried again and again to verify cache over and over again, but all it does is give me one missing file and continue to have the game freeze up in the loading screen and crash. I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue why it suddendly decided to off itself but its been seriously♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off for the past 2 hours just trying to get it to work. What really doesnt help is that so many more people have this amount of issues with the game but no one is getting a response to help get a fix. I love this game so much, but this is actually stupid. The only other time a game has been this stressful has been dirt rally and not even dirt rally has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off more than the last two hours I wasted trying to fix this."
76561198076498784,Not Recommended,221680,21068636,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Cyber Heroes,"I can't play the game yet :(Cuase need a Uplay usb cable to your E-guitar to play the game - The problem I have right now is that I got the game yesterday onsale $15 but the cable will cost me $ 50 + .   Uplay want us spend more money on their product...after market don't work ...There is another way around is to crack it but why I already paid for the game then break it so I can use any usb cable to play.  If i know is like this I will stay away from Uplay product.  The cable really only cost $ 8-20 max.  I got my 25 foot long high quality cable for $ 20, and usb adapter for $12 and it work great with anything except Uplay-Rocksmith.Stay away from Uplay - you want us to play your games and this is what you do for us?   Uplay yourself ....I don't need you."
76561198006764830,Not Recommended,221680,12075565,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,"Terrible!, first one was 1000 times better, constantly having latancy issues making the game almost un playable. Also alot of the time the tones wont even update so youl just be playing a heavy electric song completly acoustically, and it sounds stupid."
76561198124237320,Recommended,221680,10884753,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jerewilsonstj,bought this game on steam biggest scam ever i want my money back but who do you talk to to make that happen if you want to throw money away use steam
,Not Recommended,221680,13225933,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,kb,"If you can actually play guitar, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. This is the LAMEST way to learn guitar. You are better off searching tabs online and learning by ear. TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY."
76561198033174721,Not Recommended,221680,13215196,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Dikreathz,"thre tuning is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the instrament is in tune yet the program fails MISERABLY to recognize this, if you are ok with annoying rubbish like this great i hope and prey it nevber asks me to tune again ever worst experience of my life! and i shot mysaelf once so pretty bad!"
76561198184127913,Not Recommended,221680,20498122,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,CrimsonBlades,THIS HAS NOTHING BUT ISSUES!!!!!!! IT SUCKS!!!
,Not Recommended,221680,14710398,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Squiddlez,"Taking lessons is somewhat out of the question for me, as I work 3rd shift and, most shops open about an hour before I go to bed. I enjoyed the first 10 of 15 hours of it, thought it was interesting and had fun trying to learn some songs I enjoy.But let me say something no one really brings up. The song selection has a few good songs on the stock playlist and, will get you learning how to play. However, you'll get bored of them, then the rest of the songs fall into one of these categories:-Overplayed and I now hate it. (I'm looking at you Aerosmith)-A monkey could play this.-Who the hell is this band/person?-Are these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s deaf, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥A good quarter or so of the music is Indie crap, and the good music is DLC, which at $2.99usd for a single song or $11.99usd for 5 songs, it is expensive as hell. Do you want Pirates? Because that's how you get Pirates.Honestly Rocksmith can work, but you either gotta really like the stock list, or you have spare money to toss at it (which I dont) otherwise avoid it and try to bribe someone to teach you or use youtube."
76561198022903684,Not Recommended,221680,31693796,Posted: 11 May,all,Rikitikitikatik,"So far I have spent more time quitting this game than playing it. I have a tuner on my headstock that says everything is OK, but the ROCKSMITH system is being a tard and won't stop tiggering the calibration. I am not using an acoustic, but a microphone to an amp. Unfortunately I have to crank up the volume on the microphone because THE GAME keeps tuning it down to a 4/100 if I give it exclusive control, which it insists it needs even though it might work, might not, with or without it. This game is an example of revenue and profit by pure nuisance. Of course, i'm stuck with it, so if it turns out to be better I might see it differently, but so far its hardly different than a motion-sensing advertisement at wal-mart."
,Not Recommended,221680,22911830,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Pug Wrangler,Game ran once before it started complaining I didn't have a license.  Every reply from their support took days to come and was not helpful.  Pure waste of money.. will never buy an ubisoft game again.
76561198006852770,Not Recommended,221680,21716005,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Damage,Ubishait
76561197977096284,Not Recommended,221680,13728409,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hellpilot,"The game isn't worried about you gaining experience in learning guitar or the songs they have to offer. Ubisoft wants money. Go online and look at tabs, or buy a tab book. Don't feed Ubisoft, let the company and the CEO drown in a sea of holy fire and finanical issues."
76561197982836074,Not Recommended,221680,17667235,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,B3RserK,"Not as fun as the original. Although, good for practicing specific parts of songs."
76561198058982855,Not Recommended,221680,32819223,Posted: 26 June,all,☣猫大便☣twitch.tv/kattbajs123,What mostly makes my review negative is that everytime you start the game you need to wait for like 5+ splash screens to pass that you can't skip. And then a slow intro. And then another introduction that you can't skip.So with my problems were i had to restart the game manytimes from changing settings and so on it got really annoying with those unskippable things.Does not work for me with my audio interface... When i got the sound to work on other playback devices it sounded okey. But the guitar did not really work to get calibrated and tuning was stuck on 999.When i used the monitors from the soundinterface as playback device everything sounded choppy.I tryed changing everything in the ini file. Changing one thing saving lunching and exeting. Repeat that about 999times and that's my experience with this game trying to use my soundinterface. I tryed both my microphone and directly plugging in my guitars in to the interface. I also tryed cchanging line to inst back the otgherway. I tryed changing settings in windows and so on. works. So i'm getting a refund.Getting annoyed at settings simulator 2012. 999/10
76561197973144893,Not Recommended,221680,29476604,Posted: 24 January,all,Parry,annoying drm and lock-in to their low quality audio cable.
76561198030243609,Not Recommended,221680,33207261,Posted: 3 July,all,Dewski,"I've had this game for over year and never once played because of ubisoft's faulty, piece of crap realtone cord. I have a line6 that would be more than capable of acting it in it's place if they would allow it. Oh, and this is my third cable (two failed for the  original I had for xbox 360). I'm positive that I just wasted money on this game I'll never be able to play. Ubisoft said there was nothing they could do.  No interest in ever buying another ubisoft game."
76561198088188117,Not Recommended,221680,13446804,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Lone Shadow,Useless without a cable that you can't buy in Australia.AVOID!
,Not Recommended,221680,33305695,Posted: 6 July,all,loxiast,This is a 4-year-old game and the tracking is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It is unbelievably frustrating!
76561198073508946,Not Recommended,221680,13723370,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Darconious,"I have played in many bands and with different instruments. And I own this and the first rocksmith game on xbox. And the main consern is lag! LAG LAG LAG! None of these two are playable, I regret buying both! I have an exellent computer and I use it to reherse and record alot of music, and I can play the best games on it.  But this game has a serious latency problem! From the time you play a chord or tone, to the time it is registered is ridiculous... I also own every rockband and guitar hero game made, and when these also have their latency problems. When you push a button you get a more instant result, and you can play to the music. The rocksmith games does simply not work yet... I hope to play a game like this 5 years into the future when latency is no longer an issue. If you play a chord you want a reaction. What if you had this kind of lag in f.ex Ducktales, you would push jump, and fall into the pit before the duck would know to jump... Bad, bad... :("
,Not Recommended,221680,19030980,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,HEADLESS,Big dissapointment compared to the previous rocksmith. Doesn't work well
,Not Recommended,221680,9755576,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,DJ Oompy Loompy,"Nope, unless you have a real tone cable ""MADE"" for the ""PC"", not the xbox 360 cable, or the game will not pick up your guitar, I could have used my money on something that would have worked, but now I have to try and get a refund on this POS."
76561198018004299,Not Recommended,221680,28626593,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CageNick,It has been crashing since I got it... I feel i need a refund...
76561198134950482,Not Recommended,221680,18961469,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,superbeef1000,"sucks , sound has a delay that differs from when the string is hit  and the over all eas of learning with rock smith is hard compaired to other ways like gp6"
76561198080268023,Not Recommended,221680,16636797,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Neko,The audio will never work :( tried everything
,Not Recommended,221680,12437210,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,canniv,"Be warned: This game is finicky as hell. Not sure if it is a bug, but with two different electric guitars I can never get past the ""tuning"" portion of the intro. The damn thing is so sensitive it is next to impossible. Both of my guitars are in tune already off of a hand held tuner, and both play fine with my amp. Sadly, you cannot skip the tuning section in the game so there is no way for me to actually try the game out.I got the game on sale, but I still spent money on the cable that is obviously not included in a digital purchase. Grr... :(Do not buy. Waste of money."
76561198013691824,Not Recommended,221680,11530514,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,davoidd,"Would be a great game if it actuall worked, I purchased it to teach my son guitar and it runs over steam streaming, but get no audio and doesn't pick up the USB input. It would have been good to know before buying it, as I don't want to have to spend $300 on another videocard for my media centre just to run a game when every other game works on steam streaming.Why can't the make it work without all these issues?"
,Not Recommended,221680,17371857,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Bong Watre,"The tuner doesn't work sometimes, sometimes they give you points for hitting the wrong note. Too bad I can't get my 60 dollars back."
76561198006008518,Not Recommended,221680,22110644,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,spunicz,"total scam. cant play♥♥♥♥♥♥without the overpriced crap interface 'real tone' cable, even if you already own a real external audio interface with high z inputs. this just sucks balls."
76561198052351872,Not Recommended,221680,8996503,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Jam The Medic,"Really good for learning guitar. Be sure to get the cable first or you won't be able to play it. Oh, and be warned, the game goes through Ubisofts software ""UPlay"" and i had trouble getting it to work (2 months of customer support suggesting it was user error until they finally listened to me and dealt with it them selves... Seriously, they kept telling me to ""Make sure i'm typing the activation key correctly""... I had tried it 20+ times before and sent images of proof every single time... good game,♥♥♥♥♥♥customer support.)Take this as a Yes and No rather than a flat out Yes or No for recomending it. By all means, this is the best way to learn guitar at the moment (IMO) but you have to have patience with Ubisoft possibly if you require any customer support."
,Not Recommended,221680,19477379,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Xontic™,not many songs i like
76561198278209370,Not Recommended,221680,20815860,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,bazzer03,"Im still finding my way round how to play this game as my lead has not long been delivered, Firstly there is no real explanation of when to play a note and how the hell do you find a song that you actually want to learn how to play"
,Not Recommended,221680,16908154,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,mojito,"Hit detection is off at ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ times, you can't play the arcade modes in different tuning so everytime you play something that isn't E standard, you have to retune, you have to play the strings really hard in order for the tuner to pick it up, which throws you completely off if you're playing a calm songI love the idea and i really wanted this game to work, i just can't recommend anyone buying this with the toner cable being so expensive."
76561198118793614,Not Recommended,221680,16801714,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Lightning Jack Flash,"Garbage. Absolute Garbage.And yet, so infuriatingly close to being the perfect learning program. For starters, I have my BA in music; I know my stuff. I bought this as a practice tool and If it hadn't taken me more than two hours (steam's point of no refund, also the Real Tone cable costs $30 fyi) to realize this program was a giant steaming pile of useless, I would have already walked away and here's why.1) There's next to nothing to teach you rhythm, the thing  that guitarists are notoriously bad at.2) All they would have had to do was give the riff repeater a pause function for you to stop and figure out the fingering and that would have been enough. Instead you basically just have to stand out in the middle of the 'note highway' and wait to get run over by numbers and colors.3) The Real Tone cable seems to have a mind of it's own. Don't get me wrong, it sounds great when it works but will just up and decide not to register certain notes (single notes are usually ok and chords have no problem but double stops. Oh my goodness double stops) and after that there is nothing you can do to make it change its mind. It makes a person want to rage quit and commit acts of violence.Bottom line: run away and don't look back. Find and actual person to teach you guitar or, barring that, try Guitarbots."
76561198022266411,Not Recommended,221680,28860135,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,iliekchocolatemilk,"If you have USB 3.0 DO NOT BUY, i repeat DO NOT.  The cable is ONLY USB 2.0 compatable, all I have is USB 3.0 and the cord will not work. Ubisoft can lick my taint, will never buy another one of their products."
,Not Recommended,221680,15920964,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,meta-fm,A good concept game offering nice ways to learn guitar. The major issue is that the songs won't wait for you to hit the correct notes.  I bought that game hoping it has this functionality implemented.
76561198035630106,Not Recommended,221680,31127816,Posted: 13 April,all,WERMBUTTMEAT,"Literally one problem after another, if its not the multiplayer not working its your guitar not producing any sound. Also, it will count notes that are clearly wrong as hits and disregard when. (atleast I think) im spot on. Keep in mind that im starting from the beginner level on RS, however I have been playing guitar for a while and definately grasp the concept of this game. So I would assume that I could handle this.  So far its definately not looking good whatsoever.Steam says 2 hours gameplay, more like troubleshooting."
76561198112044306,Not Recommended,221680,10680419,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,slimgrim,This is by far the most confusing way to play guitar I have ever tried.
,Not Recommended,221680,19240212,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Wood,I am having too much trouble with the game. It lags way too much and says I hit notes incorrectly even though I am hitting the correct note. It isn't worth the money; invest your money in actual guitar or bass lessons if you want to learn.
76561198114371411,Not Recommended,221680,8874039,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,koba,"The DLCs that were made for Rocksmith can't be purchased from within Steam due to Steam prerequisite detection (which is wrong in this case).If you try to buy one of the many great songs advertised for this game that was released as a downloadable song for the original Rocksmith (2011), Steam will not let you– Vastly decreasing the playability of this title.False Advertising."
76561198093018406,Not Recommended,221680,32750272,Posted: 24 June,all,God-Emperor Donald Trump,"TL;DR:Despite all the negative stuff I almost gave this game a ""recommend"" due to the fact that it allows you to play along with some of your favorite music, even though it is terrible in doing so. It is basically an overpriced guitar-tab program, and nothing else -but it is better than watching some other guy playing it on Youtube while trying to mimic it yourself. Don't expect to learn anything from this game, but you will get some experience with some of the technical play when practicing songs.The Negative:- The in-game view is just obnoxious and the way they show you the chords is such a cluster♥♥♥♥ that you might as well have a flashcard system that shows you what to play note by note instead. A much better system for this would have been something similar to Yousician, which also would spare the user the horrendous camera movements in Rocksmith (that for some reason just has to be there), when you play on different postions on the neck, making it even harder to focus on what you need to play.- The game features the single worst controls and user interface I have ever experienced, you would think that they at least had made the controls for somebody remotely human. Instead they made the key-mapping for some telekinetic being that can control the game with its mind. Just indescribably bad, and can only be experienced, not told about.- No way to change the depressing background so you're stuck to this dark and sinister looking background while playing. The laser-light theme thing also doesn't help on concentration.- No control over graphics and visuals (it's litterally just a graphics on/off checkbox), which has either an extremely demanding ""on"" setting, or a less demanding ""off"" setting, so that laptop users still can play.- Only the Rocksmith licensed sound-capture card will work, if you got anything else (and therefore better, because the one made for the game is terrible in every imaginable way) it simply won't work.- Songs are expensive given the amount of time and effort put into transscribing them into Rocksmith.- If you plan on learning how to play guitar then don't buy this, you will learn nothing except for basic terminology. Either go take lessons or do what Rocksmith was meant to do: To learn you the tabs of some of the songs that you'd like to play, but you're awfully tired of watching ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Youtube videos where you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥of what the guy on screen does.- The string on the ""guitar"" are colored in pretty much identical colors, making the concept useless when everything comes flying at you at the speed of light. They might as well have left their colorblind mode out.- They've really made it difficult to discern the various methods of technical play (i.e., palm mutes, frethand mutes, the difference between pull offs and hammer ons is just cancer incarnate, stuff like that).- When repeating many chords in a row, you'll typically end up guessing how many times you have to strum because it's physically impossible to tell if that little base of the box that makes up the ""chord"" is actually a part of the song or a part of the UI.- I really want to reiterate how terribly bad their handling of the UI is, you really have to learn everything by heart because you have no idea what's happening on screen.- Surely a ton of other♥♥♥♥♥♥I've forgotten.The Positive:- It's a step up from watching Youtube videos about how to play your favorite songs.- Arcade mode can be fun at times, I guess.- Most of the tabs are true to the source song, and then there are some cases where it's downright♥♥♥♥♥♥and leaves you wondering why you spent 3 euros on that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198375420905,Not Recommended,221680,35245737,Posted: 27 September,all,Braintrash,"Doesn't work on High Sierra. Ubi Soft doesn't care, while the problem has been reported to us since August. And they still sell it without any message about this issue.Don't buy it, they are scammers."
76561198065388849,Not Recommended,221680,13537358,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,david.johnson6787,this game appears to be a giant waste of money the guitar will not tune in game even though three other tuners say ot os in tune including the original rocksmith
76561198097539613,Not Recommended,221680,18744377,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,E.H,"As a person who has played guitar for a couple of years. I personally can't really recommend this game and here is why:1. You need to spend extra money on the USB cable. I understand that Ubisoft didn't want to deal with compatibility issues, but at least let me use my 200€ USB audio interface. If it doesn't work properly I can still buy your cable. There is however, probably not a completely legal way to make it work without the original cable and it works just fine.2. The dynamic difficulty. The problem for me is, that you start learning a song and learn the note positions. Then when the game difficulty increases, the game adds notes and you have to switch fingers to play on the new difficulty. You often can't build on the positions you already learned.3. There are no seperate tracks for each instrument. Maybe I want to listen just to the guitar or bass track alone, to better hear what the instrument is playing. If you had sepearate tracks you could also probably slow down the tracks and they wouldn't sound like a friggin disgrace.4. The interface itself is a problem. You probably can't do a better job if you're using a guitar hero style interface. The problem is however that unlike guitar hero, you have 6 strings and 22/24 frets instead of five buttons. I can't really imagine that a beginner could find the right positions without looking at the fretboard.5. Asking fo a connection to ubisoft, every time you start the game...No I don't want to make an extra account especially not for Uplay. (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻)If this game works for other people, that is great. However I find the whole concept to clunky too learn things efficiently. My advice is, if you already know the basics for playing guitar you should probably invest the money in a software like guitar pro. There are tons of files that let you learn the songs. sure they may be not 100% correct but they are free. And being able to play a song is its own reward for me.---It seems like people didn't find the review helpful. Don't let yourself be fooled by the short playtime. I actually played this game for a couple of hours, just not on this steam account. I stand by my critcism and think that all the points are valid. I don't want to hate on a game that tries to teach people how to play guitar. But I want to provide a perspective from a person who knew how to play guitar, before I bought the game. I personally can learn a song much faster just by looking at tabulature. I also think, based on my experience and that of other people, this will be the case for most people. So if you are looking for an efficient way to learn songs, I think Rocksmith isn't the best tool to do so."
,Not Recommended,221680,20051426,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,iGor,Ubisoft
76561198351726007,Not Recommended,221680,34652345,Posted: 31 August,all,UsernameNic,"Ive played this a lot on ps3, so i bought it on steam. I have a cable to plug my guitar into my computer so i was excited to play again.  Plugged it in, nothing happened.  According to Ubisoft's website  ""Although other guitar input devices will take audio from your electric or bass guitar, Rocksmith only supports the Real Tone Cable.""  Thanks Ubisoft... AKA another greedy company that wont let you play with anything other than their own branded items even after you already paid for the game itself."
76561198072711111,Not Recommended,221680,26028755,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Elon Musk,After the 'remastered version' gg lazy asses
76561198031729747,Not Recommended,221680,25658358,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Smitey,"If you have windows 10 don't buy it. Spent hours trying to get it to work and it doesn't. From Audio Device not Detected, to the usb 3 issues, this game is just a headache. Truly a shame, i enjoyed the last one."
76561198041668344,Not Recommended,221680,33985804,Posted: 2 August,all,wealthychef,"I cannot really use Rocksmith 2014.  There are too many audio issues on my Macbook Pro.  I have two guitars and two cables and the amount of time I've spent trying to get them to work has been way more than the time I've spent practicing.  Sometimes it doesn't work at all, cannot even get it to tune or calibrate.  Other times the audio is bad.  You have to use their proprietary cable;  using something like an iRig is not possible to my knowledge.  Even with their special cable things just don't work right.  It's a mess.  Theoretically you can use the microphone, but even though iRig appears as a microphone on my Mac, Rocksmith does not recognize it.  I have found other software (Rock Prodigy) that works fine on my my Mac, and while Rocksmith would be my preference if I could get it to work easily, it's just not worth the hassle any more and I've given up.  I've had numerous exchanges with tech support and this also is tedious and takes forever to work out the many issues.  So I just recommend you find another way to learn guitar.  Maybe use a PC?  Or a PS 3?  Never tried on those."
76561198200573209,Recommended,221680,30760039,Posted: 26 March,all,Stride,"Stride: ……..|::::::::|: : : : : : : : : _„„--~'''''~-„: : : : '|……..'|:::::::,': : : : : : :_„„-: : : : : : : : ~--„_: |'………|::::::|: : : „--~~'''~~''''''''-„…_..„~''''''''''''¯|………|:::::,':_„„-|: : :_„---~: : :|''¯¯''''|: ~---„_: ||……..,~-,_/'': : : |: :( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) : |: : : :|:( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)): \..|……../,'-,: : : : : ''-,_______,-'': : : : ''-„_____|……..\: :|: : : : : : : : : : : : : :„: : : : :-,: : : : : : : :\………',:': : : : : : : : : : : : :,-'__: : : :_',: : : : ;: ,'……….'-,-': : : : : :___„-: : :'': : ¯''~~'': ': : ~--|'………….|: ,: : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :: : :|………….'|: \: : : : : : : : -,„_„„-~~--~--„_: :: |…………..|: \: : : : : : : : : : : :-------~: : : : : |You've been visited by the propane god, I tell you hwat. Copy and paste this to 5 of your friend's profiles, or Hank Hill will bring the pro pain."
,Not Recommended,221680,15520744,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Shronky,"If you want to learn how to play the guitar you go outside, you get a guitar and you learn how to read music and then you play it. You don't buy this program. This program is not a tool and is just a game.I had played it once at a convention and thought it was interesting so I spent some money on it. After spending £40 on the game and the cable I then went through a thoroughly patronizing introduction (even though I selected veteran guitar player) and then had to play single notes through a pretty easy song (""Everlong"" by Foo Fighters).I don't even know how long I played this ******* game (half an hour?) but I'm already tired of it and I'm going back to tablature as well as chord sheets.F*** Rocksmith."
76561198038369190,Not Recommended,221680,28854490,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[BRC] Hillbilly Bone,What a Cluster $%^&! If for one second I would have paused my thought process and read that this was an Ubisoft produce I never would have bought it. These are some real clown programers.
76561198408188051,Not Recommended,221680,34075548,Posted: 6 August,all,yrganderson,"I bought this game 7/21/17 and have been excited to play this game for years ever since it first came out. I purchased this game hoping to play it using the Real Tone cable along with my PRS custom 24 S2. It was a really good game while I was able to play it and I was careful with all the cable and my guitar. It's now 8/6/17 and my cable no longer works despite the care of putting it away after every use and playing while standing up to be careful not to bend the cable. I would have to pay for a new cable every 2 weeks which would be $840 a year. Steam won't also give me a refund due to the ""return policy"" and Ubisoft has got me again. Way to go Steam and Ubisoft! Ubisoft's games seem to be good ideas but have terrible execution especially on For Honor how it kicks me out of every game (I pay for internet and use an ethernet cable into the PS4, so it's not my internet). I made a mistake trusting Ubisoft again and everyone should stay away until they get their act together. Proceed at your own risk!"
76561197999585941,Not Recommended,221680,28084874,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Charcoal,During the purchase no mention of required $39.00 hardware dongle was listed.  I already have an interface for my guitar that works for other recording software (non specialized proffesional equipment) and unwilling to shell out that much money (in addition to purchase of this product) for a legacy USB 2.0 ONLY device.  Will be rerturning this software via Steam complaint.
76561197993211938,Not Recommended,221680,10650512,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Black_Elvis,"Maybe this game is cool, but like 2013 Rocksmith, this one still hasn't worked out the disastrous audio latency issues so it is essentially unplayable.  I've tried every setting possible and there is still an obvious lag between when I play a note and when it comes through the game speakers. This might be tolerable if you've never played guitar before.Besides being unplayable unless you have a $2000 gaming PC, this game sucks really hard for a few other reasons:1) Uplay.  Steam -- can you please start making it extremely obvious when a game requires Uplay?  I shouldnt have to dig for this infomation in some table of technical details.  Uplay is the worst.2) Did you buy some sweet songs to play in 2013?  Want to play them in 2013?  You have to pay to buy a ""song importer.""  That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.3) The tuner and menus are just a disaster.  Really.Basically, only buy this game if:1) You can tolerate painfully slow loading windows which often crash or do not resolve at all2) You're OK with a slow and annoying series of menus.3) You don't mind creating a Uplay account and using it despite having purchased the game through Steam4) You have a serious, high end gaming PC to run this game.Seriously....I used to run multiple software amps and effects on my old Mac laptop without anu audible latency like 8 years ago.  This crappy game can't even get one guitar input to play in real time.  FAILI want my money back -- the only purchase I regret more than this steaming pile is the first rocksmith."
76561198045148402,Not Recommended,221680,29682428,Posted: 3 February,all,JZStudios,"Easily the worst way to learn guitar.A normal person goes through the routine of actually playing the chords in the correct progression at their own pace until comfortable, get's that up to full speed, (and depending on complexity) then moves on to picking/strumming patterns. To get real technical, (yeah it's probably asking too much) the game doesn't teach you any music theory or anything. At best it'll teach you how to loosely play a certain small selection of songs.This game doesn't even attempt to do that. This games learning curve is as follows:For very easy/simple songs1. Play very few individual notes (doesn't say what that note is for anyone that's really interested... but that's also not that hard to figure out and memorize) This is effectively Guitar Hero baby easy status. It's literally 1 note every 10-15 seconds.2. Got super easy baby mode down? Alright, we'll throw in a few more notes. (at this point any average Joe can still keep up pretty well)3. Let's just throw chords you've never done before at you, maybe as well as slides and quick transitions to another chord you don't know.3.5. Sometimes the chords they throw in don't seem to have much relation to the single note you were playing before.4. If you manage to get past that, it might take it up to full difficulty where it shows (Sort of, it's hard to see) where the strums are, but not the actual pattern. So you still don't really know the song.For anything more difficult, e.g. quick scales, it tends to start you off withh the quick scale from the get go, frustrates you, and you quit. This game doesn't really teach you necessary details. There's the loop mode where you can slow down the song to 1%, but even then on quick scales it's too fast to really comprehend.Let's also not forget that in reality, the games basically asking you from the start to just know where EXACTLY all of your frets are. Jumping from a chord on the 3rd and 5th fret, to doing a bit of a solo on the 15-20, it expects you to just know and switch there like a pro. Even pro's look at their guitar from time to time. Do that in this and you've missed 4 chord progressions. This game needs the ability to start it at 100% difficulty, and let you play it through note by note.Not even that would solve all the problems though. The game requires their own Ubisoft branded massively overpriced cable with a DRM chip in it. People complain about the reliability of this cable, to which I can't attest. The only other option to play with is a USB microphone. Their own cable, either through fault or the software wanting perfection, misses a LOT of notes. Press too hard or too soft on the fret and the cable will pick up the wrong note/fret. It fairly consistently tells you that you're on the wrong fret when a variation in pressure changes it's responsiveness.This mystical cable is also rather hard to come by, Ubisoft is still producing song pack DLC for the game, but I honestly can't tell if they still make these damn cables. The official Ubisoft page has nothing on them.Yes, there are ""lessons"" that sort of teach you some basics, but when the cable constantly disregards your input and the game keeps making you repeat a section you've done perfectly because of it, you quickly ignore it. Same thing with the little minigames, that would actually be very useful if they worked properly. Being stuck at a lower difficulty because the game doesn't recognize notes properly is rather irritating.I will say, I have sort of learned a song (a fairly simple one) and I found it easiest to put in in Loop/practice mode at 100% difficulty and 1% speed, and just pause it and look at the notes like a tabsheet and practice on my own. Otherwise even at 1% you can still get confused and fingertwisted.All that being said, for anyone who already knows guitar fairly well could use it for a nice accurate reference to add some more songs into their repertoire.Alternatively, it does have a bunch of fun amps, cabinets, loops, effects and control racks, both real and ""Rocksmith"" edition to play around with.For anyone with little to no previous skill/training, this is sort of a helping hand to go alongside many other actual tools."
76561198305439893,Not Recommended,221680,28521363,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,kcjoej,"Mouse pad dosent work inside Rocksmith , game crashes everytime you exit it !STEAM technical support is nonexistent !Running on MacBook Air ."
76561198073445114,Not Recommended,221680,16899671,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,MurderxBase,"Buggy, laggy, ♥♥♥♥ed up peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥that nobody should need to endure. Don't buy it even if it is 0.99. Total waste of money."
,Not Recommended,221680,28536808,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,sakono,"I like the game and the concept but since windows can see the cable and it works in audacity but the game refuses to see the cable, I cannot in good faith recomend this game to anyone.  This saddly was a waste of money as no ammount of trouble shooting has helped. took me 3 hrs to get it to work once and now nothing will work."
76561197994803955,Not Recommended,221680,9403789,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,theLazyGamer,"I want to give this game a good review but find myself disapointed on a lot of levels. For starters, The song list is terrible. There are so many great songs that I know a lot of people would love to play along with but sadly none of them are on this game. Maybe 5 or 6 out of all the games songs are any good. Even the Downloadable songs arent any good with the exception of a couple songs. Next is the game itself. You will read about a lot of people using Vista, having trouble getting the game to work. I had no such troubles. It works great on my system, though my system exceeds all of the recommended requirements. My issue is with the game itself. I am not a guitar player to be honest but have always wanted to learn. This game is not for those of us that want to learn. Ok, I admit I can move around the neck of the guitar a little better sinse starting this game but the level progression is terrible. They start you out on the 2 top strings of the guitar and only move you around the neck a little bit, but once you ""master"" the song at your level they completely confuse you by throwing in way too many new notes and strings. Even slowing the song down to help me learn the new notes was an adventure in frusteration. If they are intending this game for those of us that want to learn guirar, as they advertise, They are sadly missing the mark. I want to learn badly but I dont know if I want to learn badly enough to continue playing songs I dont like and in most cases have never heard of. I think the devs for this game tryed to make it work but it just doesnt..."
,Not Recommended,221680,12838253,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,colbinius,"I put a lot of hours into the first Rocksmith on PS3. I regret getting 2014, as everything I disliked in the first one is still present.The lag between playing the guitar and hearing it in the game is slightly better, but still bad enough to throw you off.Navigating the menus is frustrating.Calibrate all you want, it will never feel right and you will constantly be early/late hitting notes or miss them completely because of it.The song selection is lacking IMO and the DLC is way too expensive.The tuning system is slightly better but still a headache, especially given all the alternate tunings in the game. If you have much of an ear for pitch you'll be pausing during songs to tune your guitar because it sounds terrible with the game music. Keep a real tuner nearby.Take the money you would spend on this game and put it toward lessons, tableture books, and the like and play along with real music."
76561198081138597,Not Recommended,221680,30945891,Posted: 4 April,all,ForcastGrey,Broken. Done everything from the forums can't get it to work. PC requirements are fine. Never played when I got it so steam won't refund me. Steams says it's running when it isn't so now I have hours logged when Ihaven't played it. Rubbish.
,Not Recommended,221680,12505406,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,daFthawk,"Terrible port with a non-stop parade of problems with audio, usb drivers and more. Don't waste your money, you probably won't ever be able to play it."
76561198061146185,Not Recommended,221680,9785432,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,dronk,Cand download DLC for the original rocksmith even thou game supports it...
76561198009511824,Not Recommended,221680,7785022,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,seanyfaetheshire,"now uses ubisofts own in game system, uplay. spoils it have had it for days and cant get it to work, you would be better off getting tabs"
,Not Recommended,221680,31679353,Posted: 11 May,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Casual - Rhythm & TwitchTLDR: Not convenient to buy over Steam because of required adapted. EULA and DLC integration not porting from version to version is an issue with this franchise.Software applies rhythm style gaming overlay to music sheets which then syncs to proprietary adapter for the guitar, thus, in theory, allowing you to use the software to improve your guitar playing skills. Requires third party account with UPLAY obviously the software is useless without the proprietary adapter and the software has a sea of DLC that dont migrate from versions to versions of the software. Never got to test it because even though I have a guitar and this software I never took the time to hunt down the adapter for it"
,Not Recommended,221680,8636357,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,illwill,"If using OSX, don't buy this one if you want the full experience, most of the mini games are not functional, the maingame works fine."
76561197997984180,Not Recommended,221680,9034513,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,jegerenlaban,Expect lots and lots of problems with this game. You need to go to online sites and get help from people who know audio and computers because this game is cleary not tested on many systems before launch. I bought this 3 weeks ago and I still haven't been able to PLAY ONE LOUSY SONG.Do NOT recommend.
76561197963852846,Not Recommended,221680,23642568,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Finger,"I don't know...I used to play with Rocksmith, the original one and it worked great...on Win 7, now I use Win 10 and can't play Rocksmith 2015 which sucks. So i'mlike...WTF?"
,Not Recommended,221680,34655473,Posted: 1 September,all,HellSurfer19,total waste of money if you buying to play on mac OS. I cant even start the game because it doesnt recognize my  keyboard inputs. Tried reinstalling but nothing worked.
76561198116699790,Not Recommended,221680,8672718,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,daryldesjardins,"the game and steam are very confussing, when you try and buy songs from the shop in Rocksmith 2014 it brings up songs that you can't install because it requires Rocksmith the original. terrible."
,Not Recommended,221680,8294533,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Rogue_Eagle,Don't get it. the DRM is stupid and it forces you to buy one of their branded cables rather than any standard usb adaptor
,Not Recommended,221680,8058406,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,JonnyFunFun,"Terrible software.  Amazingly buggy.  I can't launch it 90% of the time because it tells me I don't have an audio output device and, when it does work, it sounds like crap.  Sound clicks all the time, constant crashes to the desktop.  Great premise behind it, but Ubi really dropped the ball on this one.  Very disappointed and wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,221680,8258276,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Horsechronic,3rd party DRM (Uplay). Game constantly connected online. First game didn't require it.
76561197991256110,Not Recommended,221680,8588071,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Педик,"rubbish game,cant teach you anything,and uncleared control system,finally,you need to buy an another ♥♥♥♥ing cable cost $45"
,Not Recommended,221680,8863722,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Soitgoes,"Better get a real tutor as well, this is more of a practice tool than a way to learn guitar on its own."
76561198043946623,Not Recommended,221680,8689292,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,HoneyBadger,"My Non-recommendation comes from the fact that you cannot buy dlc from Rocksmith 1 and use it with 2014 edition on steam.  If they were to fix that issue, the game is tremendously good and would be recommended."
76561197970854025,Not Recommended,221680,10907467,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lord Xantix,"Just bought the game and I pushed ""not recommended"" just to warn people that this game is not working in streaming.The cable is not recognized if it is not plugged in the host computer.As for the game itself, I don't know yet..."
76561198071057266,Not Recommended,221680,8065011,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,saladbowl,$49 for Ubi to tell me 'good luck' with running Rocksmith 2014 on an XP machine .....You run XP? .... forget about this 'game'
,Not Recommended,221680,10635889,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DAY6KILOGRAM,can't play without real tone cable? wasted my money.
76561198020828304,Not Recommended,221680,11226133,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,May the Forth,WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY.Do NOT buy this gameDo Not buy any ubisoft gamesThe game will not reconize my sound card and so I do not get any noise. I can't even get into the game to start playing or changing the settings.This is CRAP.
,Not Recommended,221680,26753144,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Anonymous Kraken,"It just doesn't work. 20 pound cable and however much i spent on the game. Plus the requirement of a guitar, and it doesn't work. Ubisoft, you fkd up.Edit: I got it working, i had steam and rocksmith set to run as admin, disabling this fixed my issue."
76561197970628958,Not Recommended,221680,31419278,Posted: 28 April,all,CoRe*Garageguy,"I liked the idea being presented, but the execution left me feeling bleh.  it took me 5 hours of constant headache and websearching just to tune my guitar to the program.  after completing  the tuning hurdle, i constantly had to retune and reload.  not worth the time.  I looked for assistance, but couldn't find a single link that led me to a slolution.  other website forums were loaded with possible solutions because the userbase largly gravitated to other websites to get answers."
,Not Recommended,221680,30882806,Posted: 1 April,all,Reverend_J.Cin,"This game has alot of potential. infact when it works its awesome . problem is it never works .  If im lucky I might get to play one song before it freezes that is if I get it trp start at all.  I have bought this game three time. One didnt come with the activation code and two constantly freeze. also not many options of music. they dont tell you that after you buy this expensive game then the cables , maybe you might get it to work then you have to buy the music.. what great concept ruined..  totally unsatisfied."
76561198007908697,Not Recommended,221680,28916607,Posted: 1 January,all,Day Man,"Ubisoft sucks, Enough said, I told myself a long time ago i'd never buy another game from them, whoops i did it anywys. the concept is great, just way to  many bugs."
76561198087998534,Not Recommended,221680,7748818,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ParanormalBacon,"it dosnt work on snow leopard, im so sad D="
76561198031286249,Not Recommended,221680,23559099,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Yin-Diddle,"Lags, just play guitar with tabs"
,Not Recommended,221680,29769589,Posted: 7 February,all,SPIAZZI,"hated this game, tons of bugs and problems, lots of time wasted trying to fix the game"
76561198066945741,Not Recommended,221680,30173810,Posted: 25 February,all,Z0RM4N,"I have been playing the guitar and the bass guitar for many years now, and I thought I'd buy this software in the hopes it improves my play, but the way it shows the notes you have to play is so difficult to decipher.There're only a very limited amount of songs that come with this version (not including dlc). There's a slight delay (like half a second) between when you play your notes and when the game plays them which is confusing and takes away from the emergence.I definitly have to try a bit more and try to get used to it, but at this moment I have to say that if you already know how to play guitar, this program is not for you. Also, the cable is quite expensive.I'll definitly come back to this review and add more reasons why it's good and bad later when I've played a bit more."
76561198002823359,Not Recommended,221680,31214605,Posted: 18 April,all,ShaneMalicious,"Well, it's Rocksmith. It works after messing around with settings and drivers, and even then, not very well. Frequent crashes and a terrible UI.This is just a very, very bad port."
,Not Recommended,221680,25924861,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,^General Ripper^,"I liked the idea but having to retune for each song, the guitar goes through the computer, could this not be done virtually or something so it comes out of the speakers tuned down or whatever?The learning curve is too hard, you pick up the single notes it feeds you that are really basic, you just about got it, the game increases the difficulty & suddently throws a chord at you that youve never seen so fast you cant even place your fingers, you miss the chord & then it lowers the difficulty back to single notes & theres no way to prepare for the increased difficulty,  it seems pointless & I gave up.Why cant it just give all the notes & chords from the start & let you learn the full song really slowly at first in small sections only advancing once youve played the chord & then picking up speed the better you get."
,Not Recommended,221680,23699146,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,NuckingGoFuts,No way to buy the cable in my country (NZ).
76561198008519477,Not Recommended,221680,30128880,Posted: 23 February,all,Zykopaff,"I've been playing guitar for a few years now. I'm no master, I still mistakes on the basic stuff. Today I gave Rocksmith a second chance after not playing on it for quite a while. I figure the best thing to do is start with something I know. So I go to play Knocking on Heavens door, basically an intro to guitar playing level song. At the end it tells me that I'm only 50% accurate, something is hugely wrong. Try some different modes and it drops out huge numbers of bars to give you the chance to catch up or it plays them at break neck speed.The songs you get at base are limited and just beg you to pay more for DLC.Do yourself a favour and just go to something like Justin Guitar and watch his lessons on Youtube. For free. Learn to play properly. No affiliation to the man, but he'll teach you more than this pile of rubbish."
76561198007146923,Not Recommended,221680,34998851,Posted: 16 September,all,boogerjames,"Bought this game to play with my bass. I've tried multiple audio interfaces and USB mics. The volume setup seems to work fine, but the game refuses to tune. It tells me I need to loosen my strings, no matter what note I play. I spent an hour trying to figure it out trying various set up options, tricks, and .ini file edits. Nothing worked. I'm not wasting $30 on a real tone cable on the CHANCE that it might work. Too bad, I wanted to give this game a shot."
,Not Recommended,221680,31981769,Posted: 26 May,all,smitche71,"I hate this game with a hot burning passion. For just a few reasons.First, it is damn near impossible, it seems, to get the visual and audio to synch without having to restart the game 20 times (it's too delicate to change latency without making you restart the whole thing).Second, I'm already a musician, just new to guitar. I know I'm in tempo and have the correct fingerings, but it still just says MISS so I can't figure out why it's failing my chord. Occassionally it will give me a little arrow indicating I am possibly out of tune. But would it be too much to ask to say it thinks I'm early? Late? Missed a string? Something. ANYTHING to help me determine whether it's an audio/video latency issue or an actual performance (mine) problem.Last. I just want to punch the voiceover guy. The point of the game is to learn, but if you do less than 70% or so, the feedback is very negative. ""Not so good."" ""Poor performance."" ""Disappointing."" You know what? F^&k you Rocksmith. I'm trying to learn and you're not encouraging me at all, your belittling me and that's a real sh*tty approach to teaching.Great concept. Poor execution. And I'm crying BS to anyone who claims to have to learned to play well solely from this game. $2.99 for a single song in DLC is also highway robbery. It could be worse though - you could be playing the PS4 version which makes this look like a miracle of technology. I do not recommend this game for beginners. Go spend $20 - $30 bucks for a real lesson with real feedback and actual starter chords without the shame."
76561198001514426,Not Recommended,221680,32798434,Posted: 25 June,all,SeaSideSamurai,"my realtone cable works on my other systems but not for this version on steam windows 10.  After hours of trying, decided to give up, what a headache.  DO NOT BUY NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE!"
,Not Recommended,221680,28673287,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,zakk noslen,"YOU SERIOUS???Offering a game for musicians, for people who want to improve their guitar skills or just some one who is interested in music, while not giving any compatibility to any music hardware such as usb-interfaces, or simply microphones is pure nonsence for me. It is like you are releasing an ego shooter and force the people to play it with a racing wheel and pedals. I don't want to spend my money on your so called ""real-tone-cable"" crap. I've got a nice usb interface, a great bass, a good guitar, some microphones and a lot of cables. My tone is already REAL enough. Don't get me wrong, this Software might be great, but as long as we cannot connect an intsrument to it using NORMAL LOGICAL WAY it stays useless to a huge amount of your potential customers. Thanks for nothing (YET). Waste of money (YET)"
,Not Recommended,221680,15553553,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,dibujante,Rocksmith assumes you already play guitar but just want to gamify your play. It takes an absurd amount of dedication to get through its much too rapid ramp-up in difficulty and complete lack of feedback.
76561198003582503,Not Recommended,221680,32063743,Posted: 30 May,all,Hell Scream,"10 ♥♥♥♥ing tunings later""are you sure you want to do this""♥♥♥♥IONG OATH LETS JUST PLAY SOMETHING YOU SUTPID♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!"""
76561197973833582,Not Recommended,221680,34999105,Posted: 16 September,all,Flidd,"An absolute steaming pile of garbage. I've been playing guitar for over 20 years and I have no idea what I'm looking at on the screen. This is the most bizarre, overly complicated and unintuitive kind of notation I've ever seen. And the amp sounds are truly dreadful. Had to turn it off - no more! This is a toy game for absolute beginners. It is NOT a way of learning guitar properly! Unbelievable!"
76561198159132459,Not Recommended,221680,34607412,Posted: 30 August,all,Shredra,I just can't get this game to work. I thought this would be just plug and play with my audio interface. There's no way I'm buying their cheap a$$ usb cable thingy. I'd stick to practicing with a metronome.
,Not Recommended,221680,23914950,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,BaDKaRMa,"bought it 2 years ago. STILL can't find anywhere to order the tone cable, officially or on craigslist."
,Not Recommended,221680,25846108,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,http://www.Youtube.com,"Rocksmith 2014 is broken and buggy, and literally 9 times out of 10 it will fail to intialize or crash. Not to mention U-play. I'm so beyond F***ing frustrated, the game literally deletes my audio drivers. If you want a working computer with sound don't touch this s*** game"
,Not Recommended,221680,30701121,Posted: 24 March,all,PeaTearGriffyn,"Totally lame that the Audio and video is slow and distorted. None of the ""fixes"" in forums worked. Cant get a refund as i took to long to start playing. Never been so disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198073530662,Not Recommended,221680,33797896,Posted: 25 July,all,Servane,no
,Not Recommended,221680,12587847,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,cappslohk,"Guitar hero is better for learning guitar, if you can play a song on expert on GH you can play virtually any song on a guitar."
76561198017796238,Not Recommended,221680,25437185,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Soros001,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ If I wanted to play asian ♥♥♥♥ing songs I would have bought asiansmith instead of rocksmith! If I wanted to play grunge ♥♥♥♥ing songs I would have purchased grangesmith instead of rocksmith! Do not reccomend. I would reccomend that if you want to play this game you should chop off your hands to prevent you from purchasing and playing such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game! 1/10.
,Not Recommended,221680,23892090,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Minare,"Don't buy this.Its require a Stupid DRM cable to run with your guitar, and it cost more than the game.Super overpriced."
,Recommended,221680,10433017,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Tetsuya,Easily my most used program on steam!
76561198010738118,Recommended,221680,10478616,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Xepp,This 'game' can easily replace private lessons from beginner on.It revived my love of guitar.
76561198100777196,Recommended,221680,10478775,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,MaliciousMystic,keeps ♥♥♥♥ing up the tuning so all the songs sound like♥♥♥♥♥♥and none of the ♥♥♥♥ing calibration works. i tune my guitar perfect and it keeps saying i need to ♥♥♥♥ with it. wasted money!
,Recommended,221680,10484295,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Syd Gorman,Love this game.  It's great to be able to see my (very slow) improvement and to hear how the songs are coming together as I learn to play them.
,Recommended,221680,10164947,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,quavo,if u play guitar then buy it
76561198000627951,Recommended,221680,10199959,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Steel,"Honestly, I probably wouldn't be able to play the guitar if it wasn't for this game. If you want to learn, pick this game up.  There is also new DLC every months so keep looking back for songs you would like to learn."
76561198102279339,Recommended,221680,10187627,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,planetarylight,shocking the price stream is charging for these games after haing to go got the game shop to pay for stream credits to buy the game i find this ???http://www.argos.co.uk/static/Product/partNumber/231572.htm£27.77 and thishttp://www.game.co.uk/en/rocksmith-2014-228669?attributeName1=Shop%20By&pageSize=20&provenance=New&categoryIdentifier=10226&attributeValue2=4294966054&catGroupId=&attributeValue1=63&attributeName2=Genre
,Recommended,221680,10192194,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,RageQueen,"It has definitely improved my guitar playing. It makes you WANT to practice as well. The guitarcade is awesome for improving particular techniques. Learning a song given time and dedication is fun. The lessons are particularly helpful to learn techniques as learning a song without knowing how to do, say, pinch harmonics or bends is a bit pointless. No matter if you are a beginner or seasoned guitar player, Rocksmith has something for everyone to do, to learn and improve.To put it simply, you get what you give with Rocksmith. It's a great way to learn and improve your guitar playing."
,Recommended,221680,10385108,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,GeneralMalarkey,"(58 hours played)An improvement on the original in so many ways.I loved the original Rocksmith. Case-in-point, I put in 140 hours. There were things that could have been better that were improved in this iteration and the experience is richer as a result.Take Riff Repeater, for example. You had to navigate the main menu to activate Riff Repeater and you weren't able to make adjustments on the fly. The new version is much more robust, being able to dynamically control sections, mastery, speed, and many more options. The ability to effortlessly switch between Riff Repeater and Learn A Song is my favorite improvement.Mastery Mode is tacked onto Riff Repeater as an option, which turns on and off depending upon your mastery of a section. I liked the all or nothing proposition of Mastery Mode, but I can see the benefit of ""hiding"" well known bits of the song as well.Session Mode is new and it's pretty cool. You can build a backing band that will follow you as you play. Haven't used it too much, though. My skills on lead are wanting.The new Guitarcade games & Score Attack modes are fun, but I still miss the old games from the original. It would've been cool to include the old ones as part of the import tool.Just get it. It's worth the money, even at full price."
76561198053523204,Recommended,221680,8565102,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Disorientated Penguin,"Brilliant, as an experienced guitarist the lesson part of this game was not useful by any means, but adding new songs to my repertoire, especially songs that are a bit more mainstream and well known compared to the first rocksmith, is very useful. 9/10"
76561198053390437,Recommended,221680,8567832,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,wanderah,great guitar or bass trainerhighly recommended
,Recommended,221680,10670324,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Banana Sprinkles,This game is fun
,Recommended,221680,10524378,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Jeff,Gud
76561198021658101,Recommended,221680,10542498,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,dogomias,Don't listen to the haters. Rocksmith is a great game. I can't speak for new guitarist but I've played for nearly 20 years and I can  tell you it is an excellent learning tool. I absolutely love it and it deserves more love. So pick this thing up.
,Recommended,221680,7524875,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,ENS,"One of the greatest teachers you could have for learning an instrument. Rocksmith gives you the ability to practice certain notes over and over again. It provides you with video tutorials on not only beginning skills but also advanced skills like two finger tapping. And the list of music is huge. Something for everyone, it's brilliant."
76561197970983262,Recommended,221680,10545278,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,AdaMKadmoN,good game
01000100011010010,Recommended,221680,10234408,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Jess,"So you've graduated with honors from the school of Rock Band and/or Guitar Hero.  Now it's time to learn to shred for real, and Rocksmith is the perfect tool to get you started.  A gentle learning curve, a large cross-section of songs that you learned in RB or GH, and enough feedback and gamification of the learning process to keep you coming back for more.A word of advice: you're going to want a not-too-terrible guitar to start with, otherwise you're going to be frustrated by how often the guitar doesn't register the correct note with the game, even if you're certain you hit the right one."
,Recommended,221680,10590154,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DrKerfuffle,good for basic learning of a stringed instrument. as long as it it a electric guitar or bass
76561197972411742,Recommended,221680,10590595,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Astronaut,"Not having played guitar seriously with any sort of formal instruction, Rocksmith aims to teach you what you want to learn.  Breeze through the basics and begin developing techniques that all guitarists should have.  I developed my technique in Rocksmith where I could have spent hundreds of dollars in lessons and practice, and it all came packaged to me as a game.Rocksmith 2014 is purely addicting."
,Recommended,221680,10735289,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Alphatr10n,I already bought 100$ of DLC and I don't feel ashamed about it one bit.
76561198141243561,Recommended,221680,10737029,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,jamfan84,A great way to leatn the guitar! Session mode is where it's at!
,Not Recommended,221680,10737834,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jam and Crackers (but not gay),"Let me start out by saying that the game is well designed and gameplay is good (quite contrary to my reccomendation). Though I never got to play it on my PC (I will get to that in a little), I have played it some on XBox and it was pretty fun. I bought it for PC while it was on sale for $15. Anyhow, Ubisoft must have gotten together and brainstormed ways to ♥♥♥♥ over their customers. I unknowingly bought a generic USB to guitar cable for about $10. Turns out that these bright minds came to a consensus to require a special cable that you not only can't buy in stores on its own, but also costs you $30 (for those who can't math, that's double what I payed for for the game). I wouldn't mind paying $40 or so for the game and then buying a generic cable, but I feel like this is dishonest and complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Don't buy this game."
,Recommended,221680,10173737,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Bulbusore,"This ""game"" is the best guitar teacher I've ever had (and I've had my share of them) - and a lot less expensive too.    I've been playing guitar since I was about 5 and haven't learned as much as I've learned playing RS in all those years.   Great product!!"
,Recommended,221680,10566479,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Low Gravitas,"Great way to learn/practice guitar. It's no substitute for really studying music theory with a teacher, but if you think you might want to learn to play some rock songs, this will get you there the fastest."
,Recommended,221680,10730304,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Le MikeeeyD,GUITAR!!!
76561198052752547,Recommended,221680,10717415,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,celeronman,"If you're looking for a training tool and not a game, this is probably as close as you're gonna get.  Lots of music, and challenging techniques to master.  Should keep you busy for quite a while."
,Recommended,221680,10639767,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Slot,Wanna shred but you're a pasty computer jockey? Buy It Nerd.
,Recommended,221680,10643373,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,[ZSU] vinnyzük,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Having it on PC allows you access to thousands of custom dlc's (CDLC). So you can learn almost any song you want. If you're keen you can also convert your own songs into a playable rocksmith song. Great. Just Great. 10/10.
76561197991850841,Recommended,221680,10644173,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,StatutoryApe,Much better than the first one. Only music game worth playing
76561198098165676,Recommended,221680,10692463,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,flipsidezw,"This game is a great tutorial for learning the basics of playing a guitar.  What it doesn't do is give you a lot of musical theory to back up the technique.  Also, if you are going through a digital filter for your audio (HDMI), it has a lag from when you strum to when it is heard.  This does throw things off, the easy solution is to use headphones or an audio device that goes into your headphone jack.  Other than that, there are some notable issues with the user interface, especially when going from one mode to another.  I give it about 85% for a score."
76561198032849054,Recommended,221680,10692649,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,lblake,"I've had a passion for guitar and bass since I was a teenager.  Until Rocksmith it was only played out with plastic instruments or air guitar.  I've been playing this for a few months and have made great improvements in my playing.  Will I be the next John Paul Jones or Geddy Lee?  At my age, NO!  But I've learned a lot and I'm having a lot of fun."
76561197991684897,Recommended,221680,10693132,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,raypou,"This game is pretty fun, and a great motivator to keep practicing guitar or bass. I have the first one as wekk, but didn't get into it as much as this one; the interface improvements go a long way to the enjoyment of the game"
76561197993243213,Recommended,221680,10694254,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,chiefpoints,"Rocksmith2014 is more personal guitar tutor than game, and definitely worth the money. You will become a better player with it's help. The adaptive features will keep challenging you at your own pace, turning up the difficulty automatically as you become better. You can loop sections you are having trouble with, and slow down the tempo to figure out those tighter riffs. The ""game"" features allow you to apply what you learned in fun mini games, such as space combat (blow up ships by playing proper notes, etc). All in all, whether you are an accomplished player or a beginner, you can't go wrong here. Recommended"
76561198003922696,Recommended,221680,10695638,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Beans,"Such a wonderful tool. You can genuinely learn some great guitar here, really fast. I had the cable from the first game, as well as a guitar, so it's not that big of an expense for me to get this one. I guess if you had neither it'd be a pretty large expenditure, though. The game itself is great, though the DLC can feel like a rip off, especially the tool for importing songs from the first game, which really should be free considering I ALREADY PAID FOR THEM. Oh well. What it is is great."
76561197992099690,Recommended,221680,10778717,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,MichelobMike1,Much improved from the original Rocksmith. I tell myself it's not a videogame so I don't feel as bad sinking as much time into it as I do.
,Recommended,221680,10772339,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[BEGC] Human_Ghost69,best game
76561198119302192,Recommended,221680,10854980,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,pillz885,"Amazing game, a great many hours spent in this game both on PS3 and on Steam. Noted that you do need the realtone cable, which I had others from the PS3. The song choices are fantastic, the DLC is great and the gameplay is fantastic. Get it if you want to play guitar and/or bass. Also get a teacher on the side, human one on one does help with a hobby as complex as learning an instrument."
,Recommended,221680,10860444,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Zagbad,"I never saw the point of the rhythm games you played with a small plastic ""guitaresque"" controller. I always thought it'd be more worth my time to learn to play an actual guitar. I don't know how I missed the first Rocksmith, but as soon as I saw the 2014 edition I was out the next day buying the PS3 version with the Epiphone Les Paul Junior guitar! I had so much fun and was learning a ton of stuff. To me I was progressing in leaps and bounds. But to the teenagers at work, I was going turtle slow. Meh, I'm an adult and I'm getting exactly what I want out of it. Anything worthwile takes time.I just re-bought it again on Steam to take advantage of the sales on DLC and I don't see the next version coming to PS3. To me this is more than just a game, it's an investment. This is something that can teach you not just how to play the basics, but how to play multiple songs of various genres. It's going to provide you with an invaluable foundation to learning guitar overall. Make no mistake, this game is amazing, but it will only provide a part of your guitar education.It won't teach you how to read music or even tab. It also provides very little by way of music theory. It teaches you the how, not the why. A library and/or Google can help you find resources to help make up for the games few shortcomings. If you have the money, try your local guitar shop and see about some lessons. Some advice for when you start practicing outside of the game, get a tuner and a metronome. Either buy them or get an app on your phone/tablet. Use them every time you play without the game. By staying in tune your ear will develop faster than if you played out of tune. The metronome will help you keep in time so you can play consistently."
,Recommended,221680,10883810,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Blaque,"If you are looking to improve, of just practice then this is one of the best games you can get."
76561197984988095,Recommended,221680,10883864,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Vx,♥♥♥♥in' AWESOME!
76561198034670345,Recommended,221680,10885676,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,The hurricane is not my fault,"So to start, let me say that I started with the older version of Rocksmith. At first, it was a good enough program. It got me started, but somewhere about three hours in, I just could never move forward. I had never played guitar before that, and the premise of learning something new is kind of an exciting one. But the songs were difficult in my opinion, and relatively unknown to me, and interest faded, and I kind of, well, quit.I saw Rocksmith 2014 come out, and it caught my interest. Right away, I noticed some of the differences. It wasn't entirely a game. There was little motivation in that regard. But the motivation turned to learning the songs now. The tools were intuitive, and soon, I started picking up new tricks, especially from the videos. I even learned to restring my guitar. (Don't judge me! I had watched one online earlier on and ended up having to go to the music store anyway).So the question is... Does it work? I think so. I've picked up how to play, but I also learned how to read tab, too. The only thing I could suggest for them next time, is maybe teaching a little about music theory for people who have never done music before. You know, what is a quarter note, half note. What do they look like if I wanted to leave this game and learn more on my own. But otherwise, I'm learning new songs, and songs that I want to learn. I can now do it in front of others and it sounds good. So yes, I recommend it. After all, everyone should have something cool they can do. I can now break out a guitar and play a few songs. Why shouldn't you, too?"
,Recommended,221680,10886573,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,BuzyD,"For a guy who absolutely did not recommend the original Rocksmith as a game or a learning tool I take it all back with Rocksmith 2014.The setlist, the arcarde, the lessons.  Everything just exploded in terms of quality and/or content.Now the real reason why I bought this was because of session mode and boy is it fun.  I could play for hours non-stop.  In fact, I had to stop (and here I am writting this review) because my fingers hurt too much. xDIf you're a casual guitarist like I am, playing is just a hobby and you're not part of any band, than Rocksmith 2014 just might put a little excitement in your living room.  You absolutely do not need to play the original before this one.I guess it's kind of what I always wanted Guitar Hero or Rock Band to become.  I can't wait to get some of my friends to try this!Party on! \m/"
,Recommended,221680,8535968,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Bucky46,"great way to learn guitar , Brilliant songs , great sound , but do think you need to know the basics before you can find your way playing ."
,Recommended,221680,8536192,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,pongo647,"If you ever wanted to tinker/learn an electric, this is a great way to start it up!"
,Recommended,221680,8539834,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,bmalfant,"2014 is a definite improvement to an already good game.  This is so much more worthwhile than the guitar hero series.  These games will actually help improve your playing.  They get you to try different styles of play that you might not have considered otherwise.  My only major gripe is that they are pricey. The cable is especially pricey.  Other than that 2014 is more open for the player to choose their path that the original Rocksmith was.  This may lead to it being a bit more confusing for first timers.  All in all it is a worthwhile game and, although I can’t speak for beginning players, I find it to be a lot of fun."
76561197972604436,Recommended,221680,8544374,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sentinelking,"This game is fantastic - highly recommended - I've play tons of guitar rythum games and this actually makes you feel like you are learning something useful - would be better without UPlay tacked on, but that's out of Valves hands."
76561198064798544,Recommended,221680,8548336,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ikkaku Madarame,awesome....
,Recommended,221680,9665511,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,|_SnaughtyBoi_|,"Quite possibly one of the best teaching tools for the guitar out there.  If you're a fan of Guitar Hero or Rockband, and are seriously considering picking up a real six string, this game is definately for you.  In under fifty hours of play time, I can actually play a number of songs profeciently.  There is a staggering variety to the songs, so things don't get stale or repetitive.  I even bought this game for a buddy of mine who wanted to learn, and he's incredibly satisfied with it.  Don't sit on the fence if you really want to learn to play, buy it!"
76561198081447532,Recommended,221680,9462570,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,AustinRhythmWorks,Navigation has been improved over the original rocksmith.  I think the technique section is much better now.  I like the ability to swap to Riff Repeater at any point and to shift to a song section that needs work.  Session mode is a great new addition that allows free-form playing.
,Recommended,221680,9463076,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Spooie,Learned to play REM. Now chicks dig me.
,Recommended,221680,8632766,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Tronting in the USA,"This game is pretty good both for experienced guitarists looking to learn some new songs quickly (I'm in this camp) and would also, I imagine, offer a pretty good introduction to playing guitar for new players.Plus it's a hell of a lot of fun.If you currently play guitar or would like to learn you may as well buy this thing."
,Recommended,221680,8612698,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Renard,Excellent game for those who either want to learn guitar or already know to play but want to get some fun (and don't have a (good) band)
,Recommended,221680,8614954,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,S3r4ph,Brushing up on some old skillz... Been 25 years since I've pick up anything with strings...
76561198077440266,Recommended,221680,8615004,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,altair4,"Much improved over RS 2012.   Song selection is OK, but can be augmented."
,Recommended,221680,8639163,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dia da Maldade,"Awesome game, I don't think it can teach you from nothing, but it will help you practice alot (the boring part of music). The mini games are very fun and challenging. The music list is good too. I recommend for newbies and masters."
76561198017265690,Recommended,221680,8639335,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Wingman,"Want to learn guitar? Then this game is for you! The difficulty increases as you get better and better and can happen even while you're playing the song! Been playing guitar for a little over a year now and the rocksmith series has helped me out a lot, but don't think you'll be able to read actualy musical notes! :3"
,Recommended,221680,8641268,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,sonicstormer,"I've actually learned how to play an, albeit simple, song on my guitar with 0 prior training. Take that as you will."
,Recommended,221680,8655840,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Zedronar,I don't know a better way for learning to play guitar.
,Recommended,221680,8462024,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mightefay,Nice alternative to learning songs via guitar pro. It have some good technique games and scale-learning session mode. Recommended for all who love rhytm games and have Stick Of Awesomeness or two.
76561198024886245,Recommended,221680,8990958,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Ghoul Slayer,"6 weeks ago I had never picked up a guitar in my life. Every time I play the game I accomplish something new. Whether it's getting a new high score on Ducks Redux or climbing the ladder in Score Attack against other people playing the same song I know I'm learning something new. I started out learning by only playing the game, then started taking formal lessons a couple of weeks later. I suggest to anyone as green as I am not to rely on the game alone. It's a great practice tool / teacher but it only has so much to offer. Learning from a capable guitar teacher adds to the experience and you will progress much quicker in my opinion."
76561198014398581,Recommended,221680,8992439,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Periquito Da Caatinga,"Probably the best game, to help you master the guitar!"
76561198021889104,Recommended,221680,8994357,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Timmaaah,Epic game.Great way to learn guitar and songs.
76561198057864029,Recommended,221680,11990523,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,sebastien,Do not replace a teacher but can acquire a certain dexterity and very playful.
,Recommended,221680,7899801,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Whisky,Awesome
,Recommended,221680,11948142,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,idnuy,"Never mind the music games of the Japanese, this is THE most beautiful music game ever created."
,Recommended,221680,12045311,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,J0BS,"Ah, Rocksmith. such a brilliant game, with one big flaw.Don't get me wrong, I love the concept, and (to the most part) its execution. However there is a niggle which I, as a musican, can't stand.I'll start with the negative, as it is indeed, only one negative. The sheer fact that the game never tells you what notes you're playing or are supposed to play. It's all well and good knowing that you need to play the 5th fret on the A string, but you are never told that 5th fret A is a D and can be played on the open D string. This can make some songs a LOT easier to play.Segwaying slightly; during the session mode and certain guitarcade games, you are able to choose what scale you are playing in, this is all well and good but again, you are never told what notes constitue the scales, only the frets. I can foresee a fairly large number of amateur musicians thinking they can play guitar/bass but not knowing what they are actually doing.Rant over. Now onto the good stuffand there's a lot of it.I absolutley adore the concept of a guitar hero-esque game where you use an actual guitar/bass and Rocksmith does it exceptionally, the roar of the crowd whilst shredding through the solo to the Trooper is just brilliant (or so I imagine it would be, if I actually played guitar and not just bass)The session mode is a glorious addition too, being able to stick a band together, or just jam with a drum kit, is so much fun. I just wish you could do it in other tunings.and the final thing I shall discuss, the guitarcade. honestly one of my favorite things about the game, learning various techniques in a game-like environment is just genius.All in all, I thoroughly enjoy playing Rocksmith, I just hope they add a Red Hot Chili Peppers song pack at some point.A solid 9/10"
76561197960542724,Recommended,221680,12039212,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Willy Green,One of the best ways to learn or improve your guitar skills!
76561198035446986,Recommended,221680,12030442,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,King Mead,Very Good Happy Fun Yeah!!!!!
76561198010788381,Recommended,221680,11855693,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,XpressoJoe,very good game if your learning to become metal. just grab a guitar or bass and pratice. so many dlc
76561198130905984,Recommended,221680,11826785,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Chairman Meow,"Excellent game, I highly recommend it to any aspiring guitarists and bassists."
,Recommended,221680,12106142,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,gg,"I've been playing the guitar for almost 7 years now and i wish i had this game from the start. The PC version of Rocksmith is superior to consoles thanks to customsforge. IMO the best way to learn this instrument is through musical theory but if you need to play guitar to get laid, or to impress friends this game is for you. The songs in the game are not my forte but luckily i can add songs i do want and Session Mode let me practice my scales and the virtual band keeps up with my tempo and style. 10/10 would relearn guitar again"
,Recommended,221680,7516785,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Drummerdude,"I've only played for one day, and I'm completely convinced.  Buy this and you will learn guitar."
,Recommended,221680,12169669,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Shadow_Springs,It's like guitar hero exect it makes your fingers more metal. It does actually teach you the songs and gives you a very good start on making your own songs.
76561197971849704,Recommended,221680,12196992,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Lucidvein,"I wasn't new to guitar, but guitarsmith is a pretty cool program.  I learned new songs by opening up tabs, then maybe opening up a second browser for lyrics, and a third to play along to youtube.With rockstar you have all three inputs basically in one screen, and one of the neatest things is the sound of your guitar takes on a preset of what its supposed to sound like in the actual band (or at least somewhat close).  Or if you prefer you can make your own preset and load it on the fly.There's also lessons for a beginner, mini games with leaderboards designed with improvement in mind, and if Rocksmith doesn't have the song you want to play you can likely find a user made custom song of which you can load into the game."
76561197964909446,Recommended,221680,30619966,Posted: 19 March,all,Bones,Very fun game. I can comfortable play tabs off the internet and has gotten me interested in relearning music. Worth the buy if you've ever wanted to play a real guitar.
,Recommended,221680,19172108,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,General_ILLZ,Its not really even a game its a great way to practice your chops and get better at playing real guitar
,Recommended,221680,16025034,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Beast In A Mirrored Bikini,"Only played a small amount, but now I can do 3 power chords, 10/10 would buy again"
76561198083365334,Recommended,221680,19157272,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,SuperBurgerMaster6669,ITS OKbut I am inloved with the DLC range
76561197986129090,Recommended,221680,19028243,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,[AKA] Landshark,Good time and worth the money
,Recommended,221680,18970904,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Kaname Chidori,A fantastic Guitar/Bass learning Game I recommend.
76561198197148655,Recommended,221680,18990889,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,scoobydoo1959,Excellent way to be able to play guitar with current music!
,Recommended,221680,18751231,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Doge Feelings | Farmskins.com,I can write a review telling howawsomeis this game and how it helped me to recover my guitar spirit but i prefer keep it playing it
76561198097503905,Recommended,221680,11447331,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,KataMiran,"I've played guitar for a long time but love this new take on it, the 'guitarcade' is great fun and does actually help with guitar skills.  One of my favourite games, for sure"
76561197960304457,Recommended,221680,11280156,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Mindviper,"My finger tips and wrist hurt. The game can be unforgiving sometimes, but fun anyway."
76561198011272639,Recommended,221680,11283622,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,SoloSTYX,"I'll just simply say that this game Rocks!  I've been playing it for only a couple of weeks and I am learning guitar faster than I have ever done before.  The best part is that its FUN!  I would recommend this game to anyone who has the desire to learn the guitar, but can't afford lessons.  10/10 !!!"
,Recommended,221680,11287201,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Original_Ge5,The game has nice tuturialsMakes et easy to learn popular songsMinigames to level up youre skillsAnd im of to play in a concert :3
76561197998959904,Recommended,221680,11337299,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Couque D' Asses,"Having played guitar since highschool - but taken some time off from it for the past 2 yearsThe design of the game - I wish was a little different, it sort of rips the way it works from Guitar Hero which sort of annoys me -I would prefer the tabs coming from the right side to left instead of scrolling right at you - when they are scrolling at you - it gets hard to see the chords you have to play especially bar chords - and with songs that are in Dropped D tuning - that have fast power chord transitions it gets annoying to have to pause the game every time and see what chords they are coming upbut overall seems to be a good learning tool"
76561197989031890,Recommended,221680,11249176,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Jotun,"Awesome game, and good fun"
,Recommended,221680,11251014,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Hayw1r3d,"Probably the best game ever, if you like playing guitar or are interested in learning to play."
76561197961793791,Recommended,221680,11370534,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Mustard,"Perfect fit; Rock Band, Guitar Hero Fans, and beginner/amateur guitar players will love it!"
,Recommended,221680,11352455,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Sillsy,"This game is frustrating,  let me quantify that statement.The first time i ran it, took me little over 30 minutes and numerous reboots to get it working with the official Rocksmit cable I might add.I have a rock solid rig that has all up to date drivers and runs everything else absolutely fine, so why when I go to run this up again it fails to start.  After rebooting and checking the audio settings still no joy.  Only thing I can think is that it has an issue with something else that I need to discover, great!!  very frustrating when I cannot play it!!After tinkering, It turns out that it doesnt like Adobe Creative running in the background.  Yet another bug!I say yet another bug, as none of the servers work within the game including Uplay so you don't get the bonus content that it advertises.  However, if you buy this through steam it syncs your progress anyway as I use this on my laptop as a backup should it not run on my desktop for whatever reason, and it syncs between the two so not really a major issue.So why am I recommending it?When it is working it is a great game to play but before you buy do a quick google on Rocksmith 2014 problems and you will see what I mean!!"
,Recommended,221680,11385164,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,StuntApe,Highly Reccomended!  Buy this game!  Now!  Don't forget to buy the cable as well!
76561197961700912,Recommended,221680,11530528,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Tnk1ng,"Excellent tool, just like tableture that teaches you to play if you don't already know. Starts very basic then ramps up the difficulty as you succeed. Catalogue of good songs and classic songs, some that aren't to my taste but have interesting techniques to practice. Definitely recommended to any aspiring guitarist, or any accomplished guitarist that would like to learn songs in a fun, interesting way (and doesn't mind learning to sight read a strange form of tab). The downside to that is until you learn to import custom songs into the game (or Ubi releases a tool for doing so - unlikely) you are stuck with Rocksmith's DLC catalog, however diverse it is, you have to pay for each additional song.2014 also includes a 'session mode' where you get your own jam band and learn some basic soloing with a layout of the scale along the fretboard, a slew of training games (I think about 10) that assist with working on techniques (although certainly not as fun as rocking out with a song). The session mode doesn't quite match a real jam session but still, a very good tool (also check youtube for backing tracks, search for guitarmaps).There are a couple of other features but I've hit the important ones. If you're a guitarist who wants to learn some cool riffs and songs, buy, but don't do so over Steam unless you already have a Rocksmith Cable. Get off the couch,  go to the store, buy it."
,Recommended,221680,11532956,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Barney Stinson,"Great game for learning guitar. I had no experience with any string instrument, and the instructional videos elsewhere generally sucked. This makes learning the guitar easy and pretty fun at the same time.Oh but if you get this, when you start playing the game it defaults the input volume of the real-tone cable to 17 and the game can hardly hear what you play. So don't forget to turn it back up. Im sure theres a fix for it somewhere on the internet."
76561198123468014,Recommended,221680,11406673,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,nwcan_lp,"This game is absolutely awesome, every guitar player shall play it. I don't think I will be able to get off my computer for a while, though I wish there would be more dlcs."
,Recommended,221680,11443635,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Tumadre,"If you want something to make learning the guitar exciting, then this is the ultimate software. Wish I was playing this game 10 years ago."
,Recommended,221680,12166696,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Gil,Amazing guitar game! Hope they make one for real drums :D
76561197970217454,Recommended,221680,10505030,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Dr. Zeuss,"I've sunk more money into this game & DLC for it than any other game I've ever owned, including buying RS1 twice, since I originally had it on PS3 and wanted it on steam.And it's totally worth it."
,Recommended,221680,10510370,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Acaelus Thorne,Very good game for people who want to start out.  Though there are some techniques it can't teach well.  But definitely a game for anyone wanting to begin guitar from no training.
76561198012091547,Recommended,221680,10652495,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,p3ngwn,I forgot how sore fingers could get...
,Recommended,221680,10652564,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Noctrine,A considerable improvement on the original game.
,Recommended,221680,10654366,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,six-stringFury,great tool for practicing alone at home
76561198044617282,Recommended,221680,10654632,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,xoomper,"Wow, from ps3 to having it on my pc. It is a lot more snappy and keyboard and mouse makes it easier to configure riff repeater. Great game, but it is not a miracle worker if you want to be able to play guitar or bass one needs to practice a lot. This is a great piece of game software and makes practicing a lot of fun, though."
76561198011745609,Recommended,221680,10645124,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Fart_whopper,"fantastic game! session mode was a little disappointing to me but i had high expectations. dont get me wrong though its still fun to play along with. i highly recommend this game to anyone. the day i bought it i spent almost 8 hours playing it and it didnt feel like 8 hours, must have been cause it was so enjoyable."
,Recommended,221680,10648005,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DigitalLaw,"I purchased the PS3 version of the original Rocksmith, and was plagued with feedback issues. I abandoned it and never really took it out. I saw this released and wondered if it do what the original rockmith promised (while using headphones).  It is fantastic..  the difficulty adjustment happens on the fly and you're suddenly playing a more challenging riff once you've mastered the original.  This is definitely going to be a fun way to sharpen my guitar skills."
,Recommended,221680,8862705,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,smogzy,"This is a review from the opinion of an absolute guitar novice who never seriously played the guitar before getting Rocksmith 2014. At the time of this review Ive played around 70 hrs of Rocksmith and have been playing the guitar just over a month.So what's it all about?The main part of the game is similar to the Guitar Hero / Rockband  where you play along to songs based on notes streaming down the stream although played with a real guitar not a plastic one with coloured buttons. It's like guitar tab but upside down (you can reverse it I think). No career mode, just select the song and start playing. Good choice of song from the 60's right up to modern day with some well known bands and some I've never heard of.  You can choose lead, rhythm or bass guitar and the tones are the same as the ones used in the original songs.  If you don't like the songs you can also import songs through a mod on the pc version.The game will automatically sense how well or badly your doing and adjust the amount of notes you have to play in the song accordingly. If you really struggle on one part of the song you can enter rift repeater mode and slow the song down and adjust difficulty, looping the rift over and over till you get it right.There are a multitude of tutorial videos you can watch with practice sessions for each one right from basic stuff like how to hold the guitar to some very advanced stuff.It has a selection or ""very retro 90's games"" which teach you things like chords, string skipping, scales and accurate fretting. This is the part I use the most at the moment and is a fun and enjoyable way to learn essential skills as opposed to sitting there with repeating stuff over and over which can become boring pretty quickly.The tone designer is great too. Has a selection of effects and amps from a multitude of manufactures and it allows you to play around and create your own tones. Ive not really delved too deeeply into this much so cant comment and further.It's also got a session mode although this is a bit above my abilities as of yet. In this you can create a band and they will sense what you're playing and play along with you. I can see this as something I'll use more as I progress.There is no rigid learning structure to this game though. Apart from some missions it gives you it's not going to tell you to do this and then that. You use it as you want to use it. At the moment I don't really want to use it to learn song s so much but mainly use games such String Skip Saloon, Ducks Redux and Castle Chord Dead games to improve my technique to supplement my Rockschool studies.It's also not going to replace a real teacher by all means as it's not going to see physical things such as your posture being wrong  or your left hand technique is wrong etc. But is a great supplemental tool to help anyone learn the guitar and adds a little more spice the equation."
,Recommended,221680,8837588,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,mikey,"Awesome game. The first was fun, but had several issues which bugged me, mostly dealing with the clumsy menu system. This version has fixed all of my complaints. I guess the developers really listened to the audience but it probably bugged them too.Lots of good songs, fun to play, and easy to learn with. Get Rocksmith 1 for the songs to import in to this version but I wouldn't even bother playing the first anymore. The cable is sold separately and usually goes for $30 online."
,Recommended,221680,7668405,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Arkaid,"This is an amazing game. I tried learning guitar by myself before with little to no success, but one week of Rocksmith and I can already play a simple tune!The game is fun, even for newbies. Each song starts easy and it increases the difficulty as you get better ( also goes back if you start making lots of mistakes ). Riff Repeater allows you to practice the parts you are having trouble with as much as you need. Is the song too fast? Select a slower speed on Riff Repeater to practice at your own pace, then speed up again once you're ready.Grindy exercices ( like chord practice and fretting ) are made fun with Guitarcade: retro-looking games that you can use to practice those boring repetitive moves ( kill zombies with chords, or shoot down ducks by fretting the right note! )If you're getting better, try Session mode. Let the computer jam with you!A bit pricy, if you consider that you have to buy the game, the cable ( needs a special cable to connect to your guitar to the PC ) and, well, a guitar if you don't have one, but man, it's a small investment if you want to learn guitar!MOST DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,221680,9090968,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,jestvarna,"This game is awesome.  I have been hacking away at the bass for years, and never real felt as though I was improving.  I bought the original game on PS3, and it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off a bit, not being able to set the difficulty and a few other UI problems.  2014 fixes all of these issues.What is great about it is that it is not just learning songs,  there are great lessons and techniques and scales and all that stuff that tablature just doesn't provide.  If you are natural talent, you will love this, if you have no talent, you will love this.And they just keep bringing out more songs."
76561197986128061,Recommended,221680,8796350,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,jps42,"One of the best pieces of software to ever come out, period"
76561198111268630,Recommended,221680,8905745,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,myrddin,Best learning tool you can get your hands on.. It's a blast!!! I wish you folks would roll in the original Rocksmith so I could get the rest of the song packs... Im ready to pay... hurry up ;)Keep on improving this system... I cant stop playing.
,Recommended,221680,8889493,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,KTVindicare,"It's almost an insult to call Rocksmith a ""game"" when it's so much more than that.This is an incredibly fun and incredibly effective guitar learning and practice tool, especially for a beginner. Going into the original Rocksmith I had only basic guitar lessons under my belt with a tiny dose of musical theory and after a year of Rocksmith and 40 hours thus far played of Rocksmith 2014 I can easily say that I am much better at guitar than I ever thought I could be on my own.This game has everything. Session mode ALONE is worth the price of the title, with background musicians that adjust in real time and what seems like endless customizable tones even the most seasoned guitar player can't help but see value everywhere.The Guitarcade is fun and the classic Rythmn game is a much more interactive way of learning songs than tablature even if the DLC songs come with a price tag of 3 bucks each, it's well worth it for how many hours you can devote to learning them.For everything this game offers you cannot help but recommend it. If you play guitar or want to learn this is for you. It's fun and it works."
76561198035037830,Recommended,221680,8812321,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Krayfish,"This game is a fantastic way to learn guitar - its definataly the fastest too! My friend was able to play melodies almost as good as me after a week and I've been playing for around 4 years. Although I mainly focus on chords and barely touch melodie, this is pretty impressive. If this isnt evidence on how amazing and fun and spectacular, I dont know what it. HURRY UP AND BUY THE DAMN GAME!!!!!! Although please note that you have to buy the rocksmith realtone cable - which costs around £20 and is a pain in the butt."
,Recommended,221680,8945568,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,CMstorm Poida,"I dont even know how to play Guitar, I put my fingers in these magical positions. aaaaand Im playing the Knights of Cydonia fluently"
,Recommended,221680,7478023,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,El Toro Loco,"It's good , but my fingers are sore now ."
,Recommended,221680,9109037,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Mr-Twista,"I started with the original Rocksmith game (which might be a good starting point for new players) and i've learnt everything i know about playing guitar from these games, they really do help you learn (although i can play the chords i don't know what ones what ahah)Anyone wanting to learn to play guitar or simply just learn to play some awesome songs without the hassle of tab reading, i reccomend this for you!"
76561198014437742,Recommended,221680,9124760,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Finn,"Absolutly Awesome!! This WILL TEACH YOU GUITAR.. Iv played guitar for years, but the past 3-4 years i havent played and was looking for somthing to get me back into playing. Use to play alot of the old school metal, like metallica, megadeth ect. What i like about this is that yes at first it seems wierd and seems like guitar Hero, but the thing is, the better u get the more notes they will add in and diffculty Will increase, before u know it you will be playing the full actual song, Doing every single note,palmmute, bend, harmonic u name it. MUST GET FOR ANYONE WHO WANT TO LEARN ELECTRIC GUITAR OR BASS..-Guitar - Ibanez Mikro Short"
,Recommended,221680,9121748,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dalton,best game ever!!!
76561197998167096,Recommended,221680,9096971,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Acky,"Like the original, but better with more songs.Zero lag out of the box: which isnice.If you're a bedrom plank spanker, this *is* the game."
,Recommended,221680,8872142,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Idiot Tantrum,I've never picked up a guitar in my life before a week and a half ago. I'm actually playing some simple stuff already. I'll be damned if this isn't a very effective way to actually learn guitar. I highly recommend.
,Recommended,221680,9024363,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Sotrox Sotte,extreamlt neet game!
,Recommended,221680,9028687,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Vesku,Finally I found a way for myself to learn to play guitar! This game is motivational and follows your progression as it should.
,Recommended,221680,9014721,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,babeshking,"The game is epic for learning how to play guitar.BUT in comparison with RS1 there is no chance to make 'free play' mode - very pity because I don't like learning song level by level, preffer to learn them faster.And additional Ubisoft logging is really annoying. Hopefully guys you can fix free play mode as well as some usability shortcomings and the game would be great!"
,Recommended,221680,8914307,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,nailerr,Over two hours a friend (she got there before me) went from never plaed a guitar to quite impressively novice.  Good music and actually fun to watch if someone else manages to dominate your PC.
,Recommended,221680,8981947,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Sentinal of Ruach,"I would highly recomend this game/learning tool to anyone whol wants to learn and enjoy playing guitar. Game could do with some updates, but over all its really intuitive and fun."
76561197971901034,Recommended,221680,8696915,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,C.a.p.A.z.,You play with a Real Guitar pluged to you PC. How awesome is that?
76561197991902765,Recommended,221680,8698216,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,patrick_duchesneau_1,Just too good to be true!
,Recommended,221680,21627728,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Samantica,"The cheapest and incredible fast way to learn how to play the guitar. When I started to play this game - the only song that i could play pretty well is ""smells like teen spirit"" by Nirvana; and I even didn't know about such a names as: power chords, legato, double stops, scales, harmonics... After some months playing I learnt it all, and now I can play ""bat country"" by Avenged Senfold (one of the most difficult non-DLC song in this game) approximately at 95% accuracy. The lessons here are really extremely helpfull for beginners like me. Strongly recommend it!"
,Recommended,221680,21533858,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,FlesHBoX,"So I've had Rocksmith for a couple weeks now, and I'm really torn over it.  As a method to learn guitar, I feel like it's awesome, but as a piece of software, it really feels like they phoned it in on some of it.  You can see all over the rocksmith forums here on steam, as well as other sites out there on the net, that a lot of people have problems getting it to just work.I am constantly plagued by the  ""no output connected"" problem, despite having a higher end audio interface.  I am also not impressed with the regular problems with the audio system in general.  Poor audio quality, due to what I can only guess is lazy coding causing distorted sound which increases the longer you play.  I managed to eliminate some of this by tweaking the latency settings and turning off ""allow applications to take exclusive control"" option on my output device, but the latency and distortion still increases and becomes quite noticeable after a couple hours of playing.That aside, I do feel like this is an excellent way to learn to play, and it seems as though someone who actually understands music and the guitar specifically was involved in creating the software.  If you're willing to risk the hassle (it seems like some people just don't have any problems at all with it) I consider this a totally worth while investment into learning to play the guitar."
76561197982450789,Recommended,221680,21616704,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,wr*****,"If you are at all interested in learning guitar or bass, this is a mustA great fun way to get the practice needed inLots of songs available to learnDownsidesNeed to buy a cable from another source, as steam do not ship anythingCannot use an acoustic guitar without a pickup adaptorIf you use HDMI audio, you may want to change that"
,Recommended,221680,21579443,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Stoffe,Very good for teching you how to play gutar or bass wether you are a beginer or an advanced player.
76561198090228136,Not Recommended,221680,21552181,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,joshmp5,"no idea what to write about what i like/ disklike about the game. i can barely play it. freezes up after every single lesson, and sometimes doesnt even make it past the loading screen. impossible to enjoy. specs of my computer are WAY above what is needed."
,Recommended,221680,21611740,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Scharmers (Qt3),"Rocksmith 2014 is not a good tool for learning guitar.  It will show you what a barre chord looks like, but it will not tell you that the barre chord you're attempting to play is muted to crap and sounds awful, nor will it lean over and gently nudge your fingers into a better position.  It doesn't know when you've muddled through one difficulty on a song and then force you to play that difficulty cleanly until you get it; rather, it just assumes you've mastered that difficulty and throws more notes and chords at you the next time you play.  It can't see that you're struggling with one particular chord and won't offer you tips on working up to that chord.  It won't tell you what bad habits to avoid from the beginning, nor will it break any bad habits that you picked up while learning to play on your own.  So, as a teaching tool, Rocksmith 2014 is rubbish.  If you're totally serious about playing guitar, you should go out and get lessons; real live-with-a-person-across-from-you lessons, not stuff likejustinguitar.com.That being said, if you're not serious about playing guitar, and just want to noodle around for your own satisfaction with a decent selections of tracks to hamhandedly jam along to or whatever, this is *the* way to go, period.  The neat stuff list goes on and on beyond simply ""simoning"" your way through songs.  My favorites are the tone designer and the session mode.To recap:Yes, you need a real electric guitar or bass with this software;Yes, you need a separate ""Real Tone"" cable to play (and it only works with USB2 slots);No, it is not a replacement for real, live lessons;Yes, it is fun to play around with."
,Recommended,221680,21821237,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Bran Mac Muffin,Been playing off and on for years. Rocksmith's been the game to keep me practicing and giving me a feeling of actually getting better. Decent new content and a great back catalog.
76561198020800763,Recommended,221680,21719735,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Painkiller606,"Best rhythm game there is, and a great tool for learning guitar or bass! 10/10(Warning: May be a bit hardcore for some casual gamers not interested in learning a real instrument)"
76561198074347845,Recommended,221680,21687368,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,evilhomergd,Love this game! I hadn't played my bass in nearly 15 years before this game came out. I've been playing a lot more frequently since and I find myself getting better and better every time I play.
76561197992905559,Recommended,221680,22057995,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,tomek,get it on sale great but looking forward to more trackas I dont like all the ones included.
,Recommended,221680,22058342,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Vermythrax,"freaking awesome, I play it all the time now and the steam sales make it even sweeter!"
76561198039816477,Recommended,221680,22056604,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,canadian_slob,Game is great!!! really helps you learn guitar at your own pace!
76561198113825673,Recommended,221680,22089495,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Modus Pwnin,"If you want to know how it feels to be a true rockstar well, the fact is you never will you lazy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ But this is a good game."
76561198025734415,Recommended,221680,21901314,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,TeddyNashor,Very fun way to play and learn the guitar.
,Not Recommended,221680,21971528,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,danisegarra,"I prefer original version, it has a kind of ""career"" mode more oriented to gamers.I bought this too to get more songs."
,Recommended,221680,21980290,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Phantom Alpha,Fun easy and expandable. Songs are easy to learn and it gives you help with fun games to practice the difficult stuff. The amount of progress I've personally made is amazing. Going from noob to intermediate player.
76561198068080778,Not Recommended,221680,22115317,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,luminairy,"i was excited for this game. I got it at a discount for the ubisoft weekend. Got the cable on amazon. the game crashed the first time it loaded. second time it froze. the game had an awful time at configuring my guitar, let alone hearing me strum the strings. The Tuner did not hang on to the note. While I finally got thru the setup, The game still thought I was playing other notes, on different frets... I am frustrated and dissappointed...."
,Not Recommended,221680,22115910,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,The Joker,I haven't even had the chance to play the actual game because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cable not working.
76561198212785135,Recommended,221680,21952884,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,CarnageClaudio,"I recently purchased this game/learning tool and i am happy with it. I'm still discovering new things about it and wish I could put the time into it to truely benefit from its lessons. Only a couple of songs have I attempted but i'm gonna be purchasing some DLC's real soon to broaden out my choices. Oh and the session feature is worth the cost of the game in its self!If you're on the fence about getting this game let me tell you its worth is.  If its on sale, it makes the choice even more clearer."
76561197993434024,Recommended,221680,22125988,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Mellotron,"I've never played guitar before, however I've always been a huge fan of Rockband and Guitar Hero.This is the next level.I wasn't sure how I would take to this game, so I started with a cheap 100$ electric guitar (Fender Squire) to see how it would go. A year later, I am still playing this game almost every day. I've upgraded to a 500$ guitar, and while I'm certainly no expert, I am much more comfortable playing guitar now, and I am still learning. I haven't hit a wall yet that I couldnt break through. I also bought a cheap bass and a second cord so I can play local multiplayer with family and friends.If you like rockband and guitar hero, and you have at least a passing interest in learning to play a real instrument, I would not hesitate to buy this game. \m/"
,Recommended,221680,18180985,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Sebastian,"I wanted to know how to play guitar, I didn't know s--t about playing a guitar, just after consult internet about guitar maintenance and repairing and get a copy of this game I got really decent at play guitar; it gives you all the basic tips and you learn to play the musics as in the tracks included, and you really get familiar with your instrument. I call this game an experience, I can't call this a game, nor a simulator, because you ARE playing an authentic guitar! just play a hundred hours, get you an amp and you will see what I am talking about.Note: do not expect this experience to turn you on the next John Petrucci or Eddie Van Halen, but heck is a huge start, like, the rest you need is some little common sense and talk to any experienced guitarrist (the guy of the local guitar store or a friend) and you can really polish your play style and get more experience."
,Recommended,221680,18181509,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Based Mel,I love this game. It sucks I can't use any of my own cables. I sucked it up and bought a real tone cable.
76561197981263671,Recommended,221680,18254469,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,NIИTENDOFORTYSIX&2,best game i would paying 2 toasst fro it
76561198078672954,Recommended,221680,30541181,Posted: 16 March,all,tim100574,Truly an amazing piece of software!
,Recommended,221680,18255538,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Neotk,"First of all, if you plan to buy a game in the expectation to have an alternative to Guitar Hero, don't. It's muchy different from Guitar Hero which is an arcade game. Rocksmith is more like  a tutor. You have arcade games that brings you in music theory and exercises. You have the season mode, where you can craft your on music with a band following you. And you can also use the classic Learn a Song mode, where you have many songs which to learn to play.Well, I had a guitar sitting here for a long time and now I finally found something to make use of it. ROcksmith is very easy to learn as it progresses slowly."
,Recommended,221680,17015229,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Triadhaze,"This game is a great way to get your bearings and begin to become fairly proficient at the guitar. Prior to rocksmith I had already played guitar for many years. But this is a great and fun tool for even a seasoned player. I don't recommend this as a tool for if you've never played the guitar before in your life, however. It's definitely more geared towards somebody who has basic understanding of the guitar. Someone with no experience could play this, but it will be pretty frustating, I would imagine. A great game to learn some new songs and practice solo techniques and scale structures!"
76561198077270844,Recommended,221680,17022025,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Clutch,perfect game if your just starting im a reglar player so its fun to just get to know all the diffrent songs i dont know how to play
76561198080126782,Recommended,221680,17318156,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,lucasadroberts,"Start playing to learn some of your favourite songs, end up spending loads on dlc songs, then just use it as an amp. decent.10/10"
76561198081862339,Recommended,221680,17261153,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,DarrkRed,"If you want to learn guitar, buy this right now!!!!!!  I learned how to play in about three months with this program.  and i had no previous experience except for guitar hero.  I do play the drums though so i had no trouble with rythm.  This is a cheap way to learn guitar and make it fun rather than working on scales or excersises!    SO RECOMENDED!!!"
76561198033623620,Recommended,221680,17266974,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Undertaker,"Bought this program to cover my summer hollidays when i have no bass lessons. It's worth every penny, ive only been playing for a year and this program/game helped me improve my skills a lot. Is it fun................. hell yh."
,Recommended,221680,17246944,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Cap1Banksy,"actually a pretty solid rhythm game when you actually get things working. unfortunately, i ran into plenty of problems when first getting the game which took a decent amount of searching and troubleshooting to get done. what worked for me was disabling the microphone in the .ini. anyways, about the game itself, it has a really good interface with an actually pretty cool gimmick of using a real guitar which makes it actually useful for learning if you stick with it. though, the need of a guitar and a special rocksmith brand cable that's becoming a lot rarer in order to connect the guitar means that this game is gonna cost plenty more than $60. if you happen to have a guitar lying around and the money to buy a cable and the game, it's definitely worth it. 8/10"
,Recommended,221680,17252651,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Talented Bill,"If you play guitar and are looking for a fun way to practice and improve your skills this game is for you.If you have never played guitar before but are into video games and want to learn then this game is for you.If your parents wont let you play Guitar Hero or Rock Band because you're not playing a real instrument then this game is for you.I have been playing guitar for around 10 years. Im no SRV or Hendrix but I can hold my own. This game is a fun way to learn new songs while maintaining and improving your basic skills.Takes some time to learn what color corresponds to what string but once you memorize that its as easy as reading tabs.Tons of DLC that goes on sale from time to time. If you cant find songs you like then I don't know what to tell you.*YES, YOU NEED THE REAL TONE CABLE*"
,Recommended,221680,17219309,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,KillsForCookies,"I love this stuff, its an awesome way to learn the basics and get some practice on your bass or guitar.Compared to the original Rocksmith this version has [to my taste] a much better interface.If your amp allows it you can plug the realtone cable into your amp and play with the sound you want, even adding effect peddles en such. [sidenote some effects can be tricky when tuning up for the program to correspond with hit notes correctly, solid example would be phazers wich fluctuate your notes height wich can result in a ''miss'']I personally dont care so much for the mini games seeing i had them basics down before hand so i cannot say if its an affective way to practise techniques.However i will note i personally find the original Rocksmith its tracklist more suited towards learning and practise where this version focusses more on ''popular'' songs wich results in a overall easyer difficulty up to a point you will end up practising the same songs seeing the others arent much of a challenge.Ideally you use this program with the import tool of the original Rocksmith, however there are some DLC songs added now a days to the 2014 edition that give more of a challenge but getting the original version+import would be more cost sufficient.One last note : i personally love all kinds of music and playing something is ofton more fun then listening to it resulting in music you might dislike normally to be fun now and you can still learn from such things.HOWEVER i LOVE blues and the likes of it, and this is in short demand and even most of the available songs are just to easy."
,Recommended,221680,17888467,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,mathew7,"I've had a strat for 4 years and never got to do anything because my playing (if you can call it that) was terrible and lost motivation quickly. Then I found Rocksmith 2014.It allowed me to all but ignore my bad sound and speed with some of my favorite tunes. Until a medium level, it's excellent.But once you get to the medium levels, information overload kicks in. I would prefer to have a slower pace with all the notes instead of getting a new note (until I realize what I have to change, 2 more strums pass). Changing the pace every time I start a song is too much work. But keep in mind I get bored quickly, so I kind of try lots of song a few times instead of focusing on a single section of a song.Also, the arcade games are pretty nice."
,Recommended,221680,17808330,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Crash792,to play this game i found it very hard to justify the amount of money that had to be spent. having to buy the game and the special cable seperately at no cheap price. though i have found this game to be solid practice for me and with ways to get custom songs into the game i did enjoy this very much. though it does get fustrating as the interface for the game isnt very user freindly at all.
76561198042836305,Recommended,221680,17786220,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,TrueMathematics,"Amazing game, great song list and DLC packs, and a really good teacher with the instructional videos. Hopefully puts to death gawky plastic buttons on fake instruments forever."
,Recommended,221680,14875333,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Rinrin <3,Great game!Really enjoyed playing it! <3
76561198064362030,Not Recommended,221680,17724212,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,︻デ┳ー' 亗ΞΔÐکիØ†,"♥♥♥♥♥ installing, you might have to be a little technout for this one.   Not only will you learn how to play guitar, but how to troubleshoot your computer as well as a bonus.  If you don't know how to mess with troubleshooting .ini files and hardware this is not for the faint of heart.   There are a few games out there this one does not play nice with.  Its also very selfish game, it doesn't care much for sharring usb space.  It hated my Hotas for ED and would just not start.  It doesn't like to give much as far as error messeges, and tech support will usually direct you to the manual.   Seems this game likes to run on pc's like the one she was created on, and yeah i'm calling her a she, cuz she is like a woman.  Treat her right and she'll love you and you'll love her back.  Sucks that you have to buy an import tool to get your songs from the old version on to this one.  I mean couldn't they have given you a discount or something?  Previous players paid big bucks to get set up then you have to get this version at full price so best to wait on a sale.  Its thus far the buggiest game i've ever had the joy of playing, but don't take my world for it... Ubisoft webpage is riddled with fixes and such on all platforms as well.This game does make you feel like a rockstar.  It has a bit of a sandbox feel as where there is no structured as far as what order you learn things, so if you are impatient and want to jump right in and don't mind fiddling a bit here and there, this game will be the cats meow, but if you are someone that needs structure... well you will need to exercise dicipline, and find your way through it.Overall, it is fun, what it does it does with style, and its a pretty cool game.   good luck."
,Recommended,221680,17706606,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,jugdesh luvs u,There is no doubt this game can make a guitar player out of anyone with the time and patience.
76561198054465913,Recommended,221680,17838296,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,FatDexterF14,"Just look at my time counter: 1326 hrs and counting... (more by the time you read this). So unless you truly believe someone would drop hundreds of hours into a waste of time, take that as an indicator of just how good this software is.  You WILL learn to play guitar, then learn to play guitar WELL. It works - plain and simple.Be aware that it's song-based instruction, so you should look elsewhere for a good intro and/or lesson in music theory. Once you get good at the basics, music theory is LOTS more interesting (at least it was for me).Stick with it and it'll work.     Hail Satan, my brothers & sisters!!"
76561198208916541,Recommended,221680,17527205,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Rafeiro24,Best Game Ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,221680,17388285,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,LordSafirius,"My guitar was resting soundly in its case.Bought the Real Tone Cable and bought Rocksmith.Been playing non stop for 2 days.My fingers started bleeding and it's impossible to type with my left hand.10/10, would make my fingers bleed and learn typing with my right hand again :)"
,Recommended,221680,17493749,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,gldio,so much fun
,Recommended,221680,17493885,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Johnnei,"If you considered picking up a guitar but aren't sure where to start then Rocksmith is ideal for you! I've picked up the guitar with nothing but the will to learn to play and Rocksmith guided me through the process and I'm having a blast with it. It's wonderful to see myself progress through the songs, increasing the mastery rate and eving getting sections which I need to  play without guidance of Rocksmith.On another note I'm a lefty and this game has great support for left handed guitar players!"
76561198071970045,Not Recommended,221680,17553169,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Mouseketeer,I have squier tele and sometimes it wont register the notes when im playing songs. very very frustrating...
76561198109202550,Recommended,221680,17562334,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,sweetangel,♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,221680,17565432,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,dazzorifik,"Fantastic game and learning tool for the guitar. I've improved so much in just four months, and a lot of it is down to Rocksmith."
,Recommended,221680,17584425,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Snuffaluffagus,"Whether you are completely new to guitar or have been playing for years Rocksmith 2014 is the easiest, most fun, and promising way to learn how to play guitar. the CDLC community really make this game the pride and joy of my gaming carrer!"
76561198039895936,Recommended,221680,17482864,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,YeOldeTomato,"The guitarcade hits my gamer streak of beating the competition.The learn a song hits my OCD tendecy to get 100%.And the lesson mode ensures I don't look like a complete putz when I play.By far the best decision I have ever made was to pick up a cheap guitar at best buy and give this game a whirl, can't imagine my life without it now! And now I can even play guitar with my ogre hands!10/10, definitely give this a go!"
76561198038756563,Recommended,221680,16560360,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Atlas,"More game than teaching tool, but perfect intro for guitar noobs"
,Recommended,221680,16528647,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,[OCA]Duke Nukem UD,"As far as learning how to play guitar or bass, I can't speak for this game much, but my friend borrowed my X360 copy to help learn the bass and he's actually doing pretty well. It's got some cool features to learn scales and fingerings and all that good stuff.I've been playing guitar and bass for about 12 years. I mainly bought this game on Steam so I could put in custom songs and learn them instead of reading tabs. This is a great tool for learning songs. I never thought I'd be able to play the solo from The Trooper, but I sure can now. There's plenty of good songs, good DLC, and of course the ability to throw in custom songs. Alison Hell by Annihilator? yes pls.  I've learned a lot of songs that I didn't even know I wanted to learn, and it's helped me work on my technique by introducing me to things i wouldn't try otherwiseAs a learning tool: 7/10 based on the progress my friend made using RS14 on the X360Everything else overall: 9/10 would download more songs"
,Recommended,221680,16285565,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,dmmonteiro,Amazing! This is the game we all guitarists have been waiting for! No more Guitar Heroes or Rock Bands.. this is the real deal.
76561197997911577,Recommended,221680,16286559,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Lunatara,"I love this game, but it requires a few warnings:Sometimes the cable glitches out and doesn't recognize your notes, and if your guitar has a troubled history of repair (like mine), things can be a little unfair sometimes. Some of the tutorials (such as the one on Harmonics) aren't particularly useful as well. A minor gripe is that the notation of rocksmith is easy to understand, but will not teach you to read sheet music. at all.I have previous experience learning a woodwind (up to a passable run as 3rd seat in a college symphony) and this is significantly easier as well as generally more fun. Hot cross buns? nah. The song everybody knows and loves from this is 'Knights of Cydonia' by Muse, go ahead and listen to it on youtube now, then consider that it's actually pretty easy to learn and you sound entirely awesome doing it.I'm not sure I'd say you should go out and buy an electric guitar /just/ to play this, but if you have one lying around or can borrow one from a friend long-term, there's a perfectly good excuse to try. In the scheme of instruments and the like, the price of this game and the cable is below the cost of a single professional music lesson.Overall, I'd give it a 9.0/10.0"
,Recommended,221680,16362087,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Flutterguy,Lots of fun.I have been playing guitar for about 5 years now and this game has helped me Improve upon my current skills while learning to play some sweet songs.
,Recommended,221680,16362766,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,CodeThief,"Before starting to play this game I'd barely touched a guitar.  I learned a few chords but couldn't really do anything with them.  After playing this for 20 or so hours I'm so much more confident!   Playing along to the tracks really makes you feel like you're playing the track for real, even on the lower difficulty.  Thoroughly recommended."
76561198027114997,Recommended,221680,16366217,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Sentinelgre,awesome
,Recommended,221680,16400681,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Tonis,"Once Ubisoft comes out with Wordsmith, I will gain the skills to write a decent review....Until then...Rocksmith...good!"
,Recommended,221680,16917611,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,EatingGuts,"I've been playing guitar for about 15 years now. I'm not too bad but I should be better for that amount of time.One of the things I've always lost patience with is learning to play other bands songs. I'll learn the main riff or a certain cool part but when it comes to trying to learn any solos, I get bored and start messing around writing/recording my own little ideas instead - which is fun, but doesn't improve any aspects of my playing. Lead guitar has always been my weakness but since I started playing the original Rocksmith, it improved a little. Then I got bored of it because the lag issue bothered me too much.Bring on Rocksmith 2014, with no lag at all! Brilliant.The riff repeater is so much better in this version. I remember the first one only gave you a certain amount of ""lives"" on the riff repeater, which wasn't cool. This one is easier to use and I can happily spend hours trying to learn a solo; something that I've never had any patience for with any other learning tool. You can choose a section to loop and slow it right down till you've mastered each note at tortoise speed, then gradually knock up the tempo till you're shredding like Dimebag. For the first time in a long time, my fingers are frigging killing me!Being put right into the song and having your guitar tone change for each part without having to mess around with any pedals is nice too. Your playing blends right into the song.Another thing to note is that there are some decent lessons on here for beginners. It teaches you all the basic techniques, chords and scales. For complete beginners I'd still recommend a guitar teacher (as well as this game, obviously!) as they can point out things that you might be doing wrong. Rocksmith can't see if you're holding your guitar in a funny position, holding your plectrum like an idiot, cheating using your thumb on certain chords, using bad a fingering technique (ooohhhh), etc... It's good to have a human there to fix these problems early before they become bad habits (like me, I hold my pick like an idiot and my fingering technique is abysmal - according to my girlfriend).I was talking to a friend about how I've hardly been playing guitar since I got hooked on Steam, because all I do is play games on here (Risk of Rain anyone!?), and I said that something needs to come along to tear me away from Steam so I can get back into playing guitar again. It's funny that a game on Steam has done that for me...In all, I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who's either new to guitar, or people like me who need a little push to polish up on your skills.Pros:+ No lag like the original had.+ Cool guitar tones.+ Guitarcade games are fun and different.+ It's dead good mate.+ A decent amount Alice in Chains and Soundgarden DLCCons:- No Morbid Angel DLC- Not enough Motorhead DLC- Not enough Pantera DLC- No Crowbar DLC- NO DEATH DLC!!!Fo real though, 10/10 m8."
76561198035887306,Recommended,221680,17131567,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,fyoungjr,This game is the only thing able to keep my attention long enough for me to learn anything
,Recommended,221680,17132413,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Am_I_KSHMR_Yet?,Almost 5 hours in. Fingers are blistering. Great tool to learning guitar step by step.
76561197976099737,Recommended,221680,15967038,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,エミール,"Awesome game,  a lot of fun. only 2 negatives, firstly i wish they would give you more playthroughs before they add more notes (to the song). As a total begginer its annoying to keep having extra notes to play before i have gotten used to the i have only just played. However i generally just ignore them till i am more comfortable, so its not really a big issue.The more annoying issue is the crash on exit bug, i have no idea why it happens, but its very frustrating, because whilst playing there are no issues with stability.Anyway, i highly recomend it."
76561197972003775,Recommended,221680,16091910,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,joegrad00,This game has taught me a lot about playing techniques and getting familiar with my guitar.  What it does not teach is any music theory or how to read music.  It can be truly fun if you spend enough time practicing.
76561197996949022,Recommended,221680,13672106,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dead Meat,"Recommend? YESI've been playing guitar on and off for almost 20 years. After getting my dream guitar, I picked this up to get my chops up again, and I'm loving it. The style of play is similar to other karaoke style music games with the benefit that you're not just pushing plastic keys, you're actually playing guitar.  I'm a big fan of game based learning and I think Ubi has done well with this.  The game gives good feedback on areas where you need to improve and has a good number of built in tools. Multiple guitar parts are included with some songs, so you can play to your preference (lead/rhythm).  This is not a complete solution to learning guitar, but I think it's a good starter. Going back and forth between Rocksmith's version of Tab and traditional can be tough, I have to say, I prefer Rotcksmith's.  I also wish they had a tool to start to teach reading music, not just tab.  I do like that as you advance the game starts to give you chord names as you learn the fingering.PRO: Excellent for any level of guitar player. Easy setup to get you going and matching the songs.CON: Not enough music. Previous version songs are supposed to be compatible, but I think you have to own the previous version?  Too bad if you are on mac, don't know if the conversion will work yet without the game installed."
76561198042209899,Recommended,221680,16098629,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,SMK,15+ year casual guitar player here and all I was expecting from this game was a Rock Band/Guitar Hero style single button rhythm kind of game. Instead I got note-for-note reproductions of the songs that challenge you to play them almost exactly as the artists do. Ive never been a better player. 10/10 for the taking the addictive challenge of video games and putting it to use for the musician.
,Recommended,221680,16126603,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Triphoon45,"A really good game if your learning how to play guitar or if you know how to play already its still fun,Teaches you how to play guitar from techniques to songs to chords I recommend it 100%"
76561197976018878,Recommended,221680,9079537,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Vill@n,"awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥ never played guitar, ever, now im pretty good and addicted.  even got me off dota2!"
,Recommended,221680,15773137,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,sv_troll 1,Awesome!
,Recommended,221680,16628735,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,twitch.tv/LordLeafe,Total guitar noob here (with Dyspraxia).Only 6 hours in and I've nailed the first 4 lessons and I've experienced an incredible amount of skill development.No where near ready to play a song at 100% but these things take time.I will update this again after some more time in game.As of now I do recommend this for beginners
,Recommended,221680,16406457,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Lancer_SP,"I was a PS3 Rocksmith player, but my copy of the game was bought in the UK, and I live in Brazil. Because of that, the DLC store was unavailable for me.I was uncertain about playing on PC, because on console you have the big screen, and you switch sound output easily. On PC, I feared, it's all internal, if it lags, it lags, you can't fiddle with the circuitry of the sound card or switch the HDMI cable for a composite.But the game was discounted, and I really wanted some of the DLC songs, so I hoped for the best and bought it. I'm pleased to say that it worked flawlessly first try, 60 FPS, same minimal sound delay as my console version.So if you are on the fence like me, I'm here to tell you my success story. I play on a Dell Inspiron 15R laptop, and it just works."
,Recommended,221680,16452579,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,l4westby,I picked up the bass guitar and started teaching myself about a month ago. This has given me an extreme boost in my rate of progression on this insturment. it's really cool to be able to go right in with the full band sound and play and jam on music i know. I love practicing this way
76561198104838437,Recommended,221680,16433977,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Slimb73,I bought this game knowing nothing about guitar. It gradually progresses you so that youre not suprised by much. you will learn guitar or bass and on top of that you will have fun playing it.
,Recommended,221680,16444337,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SpookieSkeleton,"Game is great, only gripe I have with it is one the dlc is overpriced, and the other issue is the game has trouble picking up my E-string despite that, it has done its job in teaching me how to play guitar, if your new to guitar give this game a try I will give it a 8/10, needs more stock game music rather than relying on DLC."
,Recommended,221680,16444446,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ruanoesterlein47,great guitar game but not perfect i would give it a 8 out of 10
,Not Recommended,221680,16270317,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,iNVWSSV,"It is an interesting concept, but the game has trouble picking up your strumming.  When trying to learn a song, it will think that you're missing chords or notes (when you're really not), and then the song difficulty level will go down.  It's just frustrating.I've been playing guitar for a number of years, and I find it annoying that it can't tell when i'm strumming correctly."
76561198097792657,Recommended,221680,16037367,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,ereazernick2,amazing and really easy to use
76561197998030081,Recommended,221680,7488728,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Roadkill Rooster,Worth upgrading from the original Rocksmith. Latency is gone and I feel like I'm learning faster and easier.
,Recommended,221680,13507350,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Metatron,Couldn't play guitar.Can play guitar.10/10 would play guitar again.
,Recommended,221680,26808557,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jacobo!,Great learning tool
76561198018224533,Recommended,221680,18287452,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,B Tomi,"It's hard to provide a generic 'Recommend' or 'Not Recommend' rating for this game.I don't like the 3D style fretboard (I would prefer a scrolling tab display) and would also love to sacrifice some of the eye-candy for faster loading times and less CPU use. I would prefer looking at it as a learning tool rather like a game.Menu navigation and keyboard short-cuts are hard to get used to - I couldn't get so far. It would have been lovely to manage some of basic menu navigation with guitar strings.It has a lot of content but not organized. The 'My Path' feature is not enough to give you directions on how to advance and what to learn. A 'Career' mode with missions one after another would be much easier to use.The lessons have a pretty steep learning curve so if you are an absolute beginner - like myself - you will not find this game as much fun and will progress slower than with classic methods.I ended up with a 1-year subscription forYousicianand made much more progress in a few weeks than with this.Still, the game itself is good, it comes with solid content and the price is reasonable just don't expect quick progress if you pick up the guitar for the first time."
,Recommended,221680,17990328,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Oathbreaker,Fantastic guitar game. Really teaches you to play. Fun and yet challenging as it continually ramps up the difficulty.
,Recommended,221680,18099319,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mr BoxPanda,"Before playing RockSmith I basically couldn't play anything after using RS for nearly 60 hours in total, I am able to play a lot of the intros and songs without having to use the game itself, great for learning new songs or just learning the guitar in general the arcade is a great place to practice specific techniques (spent an hour just doing Temple of Bends and can bend so much better)Overall 9/10 (would prefer a wider array of music)"
76561198068683556,Recommended,221680,17956674,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Shred,"This is possibly the greatest game ever made! Its loads of fun and you really learn how to play the guitar! Only thing I would change is support for third party audio interfaces without cracking the game because the true tone cable is a cheap, noisey piece of crap!"
76561198100981453,Recommended,221680,17922272,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Kadulikan,"The benevolent Ubisoft extends love and kindness to you as it creates 500+ DLC songs separate from the 30 or so in the game.But, I'll admit. It's a solid game. Frustrating at times for beginners, but solid."
76561198021058237,Recommended,221680,17957915,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,0x4B50,"I've played this for close to 200 hours so far, so value-wise it owes me nothing.I'm still not a good guitarist, and that's probably not the game's fault, but I am at least now a bad one, which is far better than when I started."
76561198014811419,Recommended,221680,18210573,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,funkymcjive,Havent turned on my amp in weeks! Sooo many great tone options! Wooooooooo!!!!!!!
,Recommended,221680,18485530,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Cthulhu Chris,"This game is great, but it can't really keep my attention because I never feel like I'm getting any better. I recommend it to anyone looking to pick up on the basics."
76561198071977451,Recommended,221680,18524465,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Undertow,As an intermediate player of the bass I love this game. I get to play songs that I probably wouldn’t go out of my way to learn but with $3 a song I think  that is a fair deal. Slowly I am getting better and having fun at the same time. Blow the dust of that guitar and get into it.. you won't regret.
,Recommended,221680,18581873,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tonan,"What an awesome game, you get to play, hone the chops and learn something real at the same time.  Brilliant.It has a bit of everything from songs to jams to arcade and lessons.My two only gripes are, one, the DLC songs are a bit pricey for AUD but then the people at Rocksmith had spend considerable efforts in programming the songs in; and two, some songs don't have bass parts in them which is disappointing.Apart from that keep up the good work, ROCKON..."
,Recommended,221680,18570081,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Sadistmonkey,"It is a great way to learn how to play guitar... BUT! there are a few issues about the game that screams pc port...If you like me are using an external soundcard to tranfer the sound then this is not possible since the game just switches to your on board sound device no matter what.Also. there is no ""exit game"" button. you have to Alt+F4 out of the game when you have had enough for one session.But if you can live with this then this game can teach you a lot about how to play a guitar even though it will take a lot of practice and maybe even some yelling beacuse your favorite part of a song is a bit hard to master."
,Recommended,221680,18647016,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Foas,"I think i'm starting to get an addiction to this game, My fingers are literally on the erge of bleeding. I f_cking love it!"
,Recommended,221680,18119400,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,JoeBot64,"TOSS THOSE PLASTIC ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CONTROLLERS INTO THE TRASH YOUR MOM FOUND YOU IN! GET A REAL INSTRUMENT AND LEARN TO PLAY A ♥♥♥♥ING SONG! YOU LIKE METAL, THEY GOT METAL! YOU LIKE COUNTRY? ♥♥♥♥ YOU!LEARN TO PLAY A SONG AND GET THAT ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,221680,13946599,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Reese,"Compared to the first installment, Rocksmith 2014 has a cleaner interface, easier navigation through menus and screens, and provides a lag-less playing experience. I highly recommend Rocksmith 2014 over the original.I'm new to playing the guitar and try to play a minimum of 30 minutes per day, and I'm making really good progress. It's hard to play a real instruments with no prior experience, but it's more satisfying than any Guitar Hero or Rock Band game.I use a Gio Ibanez electric guitar, paid $248 (included tax) in early 2014 for this neat guitar at a local guitar store. Once I get better at playing music, I'll be upgrading to a better quality guitar."
,Recommended,221680,13976454,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Miles,"Basically if you've ever looked at Guitar Hero or Rock Band and said ""If I'm going to put that much time into something, I'd rather learn to play a real guitar,"" then this is the game. That said, between the guitar, cable, and game, there's an upfront cost involved.There are some very frustrating points about the game too. The cable isn't magical or perfect, so there will be times where you play a note and it just doesn't acknowledge it. And since the game flat doesn't teach you basic guitar maintenance, odds are this will happen more often as you go along unless you teach yourself. In fact there's a lot of self-teaching in this game, which may go better for some than others.With the bad stuff out of the way, it's still a really fun way to learn to play guitar or bass. It ultimately works, and it gives good feedback on which sections you need to improve on. For absolute beginners, I would recommend getting a jump start with a teacher first, just to learn the basics."
,Recommended,221680,14229759,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,badver,Awesome! Very good software! Now I really can play a guitar.
76561198001003490,Recommended,221680,14233606,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Setax,"Very fun game, makes learning scales and chords a lot less painful. Buy this if you want another option for learning how to play guitar/bass."
76561198031199885,Recommended,221680,14217784,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Gabo,"Best game ever, i recommend it to all who like rock music and would like to learn how to play guitar. I play again guitar after 13 years, well that was long break but because of rocksmith i play again and its really amazing :)"
,Recommended,221680,14009183,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Wild Cat,"Rocksmith is what it says on the cover ""a game"". It doesn't cover music backgrounds, notes or even standards of practice. It does have inaccuracies that will make you angry and it looks and feels like it has been imported from a console design with all the bad menus and the wacky, unchangeable settings. What it does deliver however is  great, fun way to start learning an instrument, a good way to practice with a ton of really advanced tutorials and songs that will suit you. I am still a beginner but I'd say Rocksmith solidly taught me some very important basic practices and delivered a lot of practice in a fun, game-like environment while being in an exact scenario where you'd be playing a song instead of just repeating lessons.Don't expect to play a song in solo from learning it here unless you are in a band but expect to learn techniques and to practice faster responses. The more important part in my opinion.Some Advice:Have some external help alongside Rocksmith; anything like a free tutorial in chords and tabs-reading would go a long way.If you wait for a good sale, buying Rocksmith (the older one) with theDisk Import Toolmakes for a nice collection of additional songs at a good price.If the game is slightly inaccurate, lower the volume knob slightly. It helped for a few people.Pros:Playing a song is amazingly advanced, from simply plucking a note to advanced techniques and chords in a single view. Genius in-song interface.Lessons that cover everything you need to know to start or to advance. I'm sure even professionals would benefit from the lessons part.The game has a very-well made section where you could freely play with AI instruments that will accompany you. It's really interesting later-on.A huge selection of effect pedals and amplifiers that you could explore and create your own sounds and save them to templates. You could also import a nice sound from any song in the game.An arcade section to help you through specific techniques. I don't like that section but that's a personal preference, I'm sure it helps a lot of people.A wide variety of songs and an even bigger list that you could buy (not cheap though but gets discounted often).A very nice and competitive scoring system that will keep you coming back to beat your score. The whole game will make it fun to play as a game while your skills progress.While the cable has been criticized as being mono-poled, I found it to be of a good quality and reasonably priced. I am all for it.A multiplayer option that I haven't tried yet but I'm sure it would be fun to play it with a friend.Built-in tuner alongside a nice collection of tools that you might not even know are working in the background, the game has been pretty-well made with attention to details.An active and helpful community of gamers and musicians.Cons:Uplay.Slightly inaccurate sensing, mostly can be tweaked but it will get on your nerves, promise.The automated difficulty of songs, while nice in the beginning to get you started, it gets infuriating when it rolls you back down to an easier level for missing a new chord the first couple of times it appears.Better, more advanced settings are desperately needed. I wanted to mute the crowd cheering in-song but the same volume slider ended up also muting the guitar sound in the lessons part. And it's never fast to go change it and get out.The menus and interface need to be remade for PC. We have gaming PCs specifically not to have to deal with controller-based interfaces (like, escape should quit the riff-repeater).A few more slots for custom tones would be much appreciated (again this is not a console, we are not limited to a few buttons).Songs are expensive.The online page has never been working ever since I bought the game.The terms and conditions for the60-days challenge(which is also not working since I bought the game) state that Ubisoft has the right to use any content you post in any profit-based ways. While it is completely their right to do so, I just like to compare that philosophy with Steam's Workshop and Market philosophies and maybe tell Ubisoft to quit Uplay and to be less greedy."
76561198006530419,Recommended,221680,14010779,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Mike,"A very good game or I say application to learn how to play guitar or bass. It starts from the begining and move you all the way up to master your performance.plus:- Easy steps to follow- Adaptive lessons and notes acording to your play level.- Smooth difficalty- Directions on what to do next- Session mode where you can play guitar and the application plays chords and drums or keys for you to master scales or just to practice.- A big varity of effects like chorus etc and tones.- Many songs and much more DLC (thats a minus too as you have to pay for them)- Arcde games with your guitar as controler to master many skills (strings changes, frets positioning, chords, scales, slides and many others).minus:- It could have a mode to learn more about music theory- It misses something to learn you the notes on the fret (you can pause playing and see the note you play through tuning, but its not so convinience).- You need a lot of money to purchase DLC songs (its almost 3€ every song). For me the DLCs have cost me more than the game itself.- Some DLC songs are not worth their money (for ex ""In the end"" by Linkin Park).Overall: 87/100"
,Recommended,221680,12831095,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Soulshift,amazing
,Recommended,221680,15763186,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,willbilly7,This game has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off for to many reasons the PC port has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ audio DlC is like 3 dollars per song and if you buy a song thats easy you just wasted 3 dollars the songs it comes with are ok songs by really good bands just to make you want to buy the DLC and tbh the bass guitar section is worthless when it comes to DLC its good to learn how to play but memorization and Skill do not come with rocksmith (I would buy it if its on sale.)
76561198088208891,Not Recommended,221680,15745659,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,slicerx,"This is a great game when it works; unfortunately it rarely works for more than one or two songs before it crashes or goes to a perpetual clean tone. If you have access to a PS4 (or even a PS3), I highly recommend this game but for me, the steam version has been more trouble than it's worth."
76561198026697271,Recommended,221680,15748969,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,The Hillbilly Joker,awesome i cant get enough of it
,Recommended,221680,15279904,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Dr. SpaceNuts,LOVE THIS GAME!!please add some music from Gary Clark Jr.? He's amazing!
,Recommended,221680,15210605,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Doges0fWar,"I've been playing guitar and bass for around 6 years now. As skilled as I am, I still found techniques that I didn't know about. With a little over 300 hours into this game, believe me that you will be able to learn guitar. There's something for everyone in this game.Doge rates 8.5/10"
,Recommended,221680,15726950,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,TrumpasPresident<3,Best Leaning Game Ever <3
76561197999103192,Not Recommended,221680,14788015,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,SilentIcon,"Until they fix the weak cable issue for PC, I can't recommend this game. I only got it working once, what I played of it was great, but I just can't tell anyone to buy a product that you have to work so hard to get working...."
76561198130683128,Recommended,221680,14995986,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,agentorange277,"I think this is a fantastic learning tool, and it keeps one's playing fresh with a constant supply of songs.  Session mode is a great way to experiment with new genres of music, as well as learning scales and their various positions up and down the neck.  I haven't used the guitarcade much, but I can see how the younger players could really enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,221680,15512563,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,ArenSilver,"The Game is great!The cable not so much.If you buy the digital version then you have to find a place to buy the cable which quite often is either not available or very over priced. If you live in Canada then good luck trying to find one. The Canadian Ubisoft site is a mess and Amazon.ca is overpriced.But that's not the only problem, the damn thing breaks fairly randomly. Some people claim they've had theirs work since the first game while others have gone through several. Mine broke after the warrenty expired and I can't find another so this game is no longer playable for me."
76561197997327242,Recommended,221680,15522595,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Gwaeron,"I am learning how to play guitar thanks to this game, thank you a lot :) Trust this game"
76561197993051408,Not Recommended,221680,18762670,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Pyrrhic Victory,"Game barely registers notes when played. Even worse with chords. Extremely frustrating and makes it near impossible to know if I'm doing the right thing or not thus hampers learning.If you're going to risk it, then good luck. Hope you have more than me."
,Recommended,221680,18759996,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Sebas_Qc,"This is my favorite game ever!!! Learn how to play guitar (Lead and/or Rythm part) and bass. Many differents kinds of music are avalaible. But... songs on DLCs should be less expansive. My friends, internet is your friend... thank you!!! You can find CDLCs............. (Custom DLCs)And, you can use your UPlay points to get some featured things."
76561198155203717,Recommended,221680,18725512,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,dancarruthers,"Love the game.  Great for learning to play the guitar.  What it doesn't do, is teach you to be a musician.  The difficulty rises pretty fast, so, have to keep using the riff repeater to lower it.  Would like to see the continuous play support multiple track lists, so I could quickly select a group of songs to play based on what I feel like playing at the time.  Still no Metallica DLC."
76561198102994430,Recommended,221680,18724282,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Cobrath,Very nice way to learn those songs you've always wanted to play. I tried CDLC and its awesome how much songs there are!
76561198092143089,Recommended,221680,18860742,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Barry Allen,"I  liked the game, some things a little confusing at first but within a few hours playing I understand better, you just need to practice. I totally recommend this game, I'm sure with patience and practice I will learn."
,Recommended,221680,18856403,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,jdawg,Guitar Hero for real guitar players.
,Recommended,221680,18852774,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,lokidecat,"This is the closest you will get to lessons from a real person.  You have so much fun, that you forget that you are playing a game or learning a new skill, and you are jamming out and getting better and better.  It takes a while for starters, but it's great fun for all skill levels and ranges. I would recommend this to a newbie, or a seasoned veteran.  It's simply fun.And the session mode that allows you to just go on a long, meandering improv jam teaches you timing, creativity and more.  The songs are fun. The arcade games build up lots of invaluable skills.  If I were a parent, I'd have my kid playing this game."
76561197981617930,Recommended,221680,18882500,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Ice cream man,Love this game! I have been trying to teach myself guitar for years. Once I could read TAB learning songs was not to hard but I still sucked big time at playing. When steam got the first rock smith I got it and started to learn how to really play. Just the songs on Rocksmith at first but after getting a few down I found learning new songs from TAB got easyer. When the new 2014 came out with better load times and nav. I found I was getting better everyday. I'm no guitar god but I am now good enough that I got in a band and now play live a few times a month and its the best felling in the world. If you want to play guitar and/or Bass get this game it will help alot.
76561198010455259,Recommended,221680,18806030,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,MrBester2250,"I love this game. I used to play bass a long time ago but stopped. This game made it easy to start again, basically from beginnner level. At the beginning it would only present me with a fraction of the notes to play, until I was able to cope and then more were added, until I was playing a full (easy) song. While learning a song, you get advice about techniques the game detects you need to improve upon, in the form of narrow, to the point, tutorials. It can also suggest you practice subsets of thge songs, at reduced speed, to learn more difficult parts.I was one of those who were interested in the Guitar Hero game, when it first came out. I thought it was cool and all, but in the end found it a waste of my time, to invest time to become good, that would apply to nothing else. A dead-end skill. Now with Rocksmith, I find it's worthwhile to invest time, since I learn to play a real instrument."
,Recommended,221680,18780010,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Shaun Wright,"Amazing game, custom DLC makes it much better, I pretty much exclusively use custom DLC. Fantastic platform and medium for the guitar community."
76561197971585747,Recommended,221680,18900322,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Spazmast,Makes practice FUN. Whether you're a master or amateur guitar/bass player; this game will benefit you. Just wish I could get more of the music I love released.
76561198114992071,Recommended,221680,30401966,Posted: 8 March,all,QuantumMage,"Accredit my opinion to my humble approach to Rocksmith 2014, but this game is great. It makes the repetition of practicing bass, or guitar, fun and interesting. I've had my bass for about 2 years now and could only really pluck and hold the thing. Of course I played around and made some simple tunes, but it was always immature and underdeveloped. And with me being too lazy to want to sit and practice scales, I had to learn what ""sounds right"" by ear. This is much more comprehensive and fun. And Im pretty sure any flaws I come across now is just a response to my level of skill.10/10Realtone Cable4 string bass"
,Recommended,221680,15859193,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,slabo74,"This is a great game for learning guitar as fast or as slow as you'd like.  With all the DLC available, there's something for everyone, regardless of what kind of music you like or the level of difficulty you want to rock."
,Recommended,221680,15882153,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,CommanderOfChicnken,"Like Grand Theft Auto, but with guitars."
76561198202163396,Recommended,221680,15882751,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Cryptid,I'm not good at playing guitar but i really enjoy this game.
,Recommended,221680,15922590,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,K.SiggzJr.,Power chords and power chord and power chords and more power chords-This is a super fun game but dlc is expensive so if your getting this game i recommend you use cdlc. And i don't understand why you cant buy dlc for the original and play it on this one without owning the original.
76561198079314486,Recommended,221680,15972874,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Mikachu,is rly good.
,Recommended,221680,15975555,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Spadeti Taco,"I would recommend this game!1. Has Great DLC (Green Day, Aerosmith) Much More2. Has A Transfer Tool For Rocksmith 1 Songs (Must Own Rocksmith 1)3. Has Great Normal Non-DLC Music4. Teaches You Have To Play Guitar In 60 Days Or Less!"
,Recommended,221680,15868017,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,stuartb,"Excellent Game, very therapeutic to unwind by plucking strings to a good selection of songs"
76561198104954287,Recommended,221680,15813742,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,horseradishtree,"I'm learning songs really quickly that took my ages to learn without the help of Rocksmith.  I'm a very results oriented person, and Rocksmith 2014 produces noticeable results fast!"
,Recommended,221680,15818533,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Jerboa,The game so good that I forgot to eat and went all the way up to the great guitar solo in the sky.
76561197994155009,Recommended,221680,15900788,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Squirrel,"Probably the best guitar type game there is. Been playing since the late 90's, but felt like I was going no where. Since I've started using this, my playing ability (both bass and guitar) has skyrocketed.  10/10 would recommended."
,Recommended,221680,15646563,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Hawbris,Such a fun way to get into playing guitar.  if your umming and ahhing about learning guitar give this a crack
76561197977779704,Recommended,221680,15637873,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Dave Lam,I can now play guitar because of this game (and 190 hours of practise).
,Recommended,221680,16136021,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Alchemist,Great game but awful menu system.  I just want to que up a few songs and play them in a row. If one is lead and one is rhythm well forget it.
76561197990556866,Recommended,221680,13484993,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,[CVG] Commander Shepard,Is not just a game you can learn how to play guitar Fast and easy now go get it .Real tone cable not included
,Recommended,221680,13487829,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,⟡Lofty⟡,"Amazing tool for both beginners and the experienced. Compared to Rock Band/Guitar Hero, mastering a song is far more rewarding rather than wasting your life trying to FC a song with 5 colored buttons on a toy plastic guitar.For those who are just starting to play guitar, it's a helpful learning tool if you put your time and dedication into it.For the long time guitar players, it's a tool to make practicing much more fun.I heavily recommend this game to any guitar enthusiasts that want to sharpen their guitar skills."
,Recommended,221680,13523345,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Face,"Buyer beware - you will need the Rocksmith cable to use the product.-------------------------------10/10.For its intended purpose, I have found it to be fantastic. As a beginner guitar player, I went from knowing only a few basic chords to confidently playing through entire songs in just a few hours thanks to the interactive learning style that Rocksmith offers. Learn songs in increments, repeat particular riffs to hone in on elusive sounds, play around with authentic tones used by real artists to write your own songs. Great."
,Recommended,221680,13795635,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,The Skeptic,Love it
76561198008223760,Recommended,221680,16435105,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,RisenODST,"I've been playing this for about a week now and I learned so much. Before RockSmith 2014 I had no intention to take playing guitar seriously. but after being recommended Rocksmith 2014 by my father, I learned so much. I did about two or three befores I just winginged it and strted learning to play actual songs. Best experience ever. Totally recommend. May be slow but it's well wort hthe amount of money I spent."
,Recommended,221680,16482851,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Janio,
76561198201935318,Recommended,221680,16485220,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,fjdiaz,I think its the first time i have to thank a company for making such an amazing game! I downloaded it yesterday and i cant stop playing! you learn songs in a matter of seconds (with some previous guitar experience). I absolutely recommend this game if you know how to play guitar. Plus its taking me back to my rock roots.
76561197976346502,Recommended,221680,16490006,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Fuggz,I have like 424 hrs on record(ed).   That is the summary of my positive review.
76561198012011132,Recommended,221680,16510496,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Clamps,"I've been playing this, and the original Rocksmith for a very long time. I can't recommed them enough for beginners."
,Recommended,221680,8260284,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ｍ＇ｇｏａｔ,Hell yeah I do recommend that one!
76561197971063127,Recommended,221680,8261223,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Harli,"It's loads of fun! My son 22, has never played a base guitar. After 2 weeks he is killing it. I am blown away at the results. Well done everyone, well done!"
,Recommended,221680,8264236,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Bunnyz,"If you want to have fun playing the guitar get it; It's more than amazing. It's kind of hard to learn If you have never played before, but I'm sure you can if you want to."
76561198026882627,Recommended,221680,8264944,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Morty Mayhem,Fun way to learn how to play
,Recommended,221680,8202060,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TheJoonbug,"It is a great game that also acts as a very useful teaching tool. If you don't know how to play, it's not a problem the game will teach you how through lessons. If you already know how to play and want to learn some songs, that's fine too it has a plethora of songs you can learn from. Get this game if you want to learn how to play guitar and want have fun doing it."
76561197970861554,Recommended,221680,8190086,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Alarien,"Seriously, if you want to have fun learning how to play the real thing, this is it. I can't recommend this enough, especially for people for whom traditional lessons are just not a viable option, whatever the reason."
,Recommended,221680,8318320,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,myriad,Better than the original and better on the computer compared to PS3 using HDMI. The new session mode is so fun and works the way I imagined. Learning chords during the song is also much easier than before.
76561198038468820,Recommended,221680,8310762,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,darkslayer0905,♥♥♥♥ing sweet so far
,Recommended,221680,8315180,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,stealthcold,The Best Game ever! =D
,Recommended,221680,8581546,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Morgana,"A very nice guitar learning game/tool.The first impression is good and I will keep on practicing.Though, I must warn you that the difficulty is high and required a lot of effort."
,Recommended,221680,9866175,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Achyliss,"I would highly recommend this game to anyone who has a guitar and hasn't been able to progress their current plateau skill level. I have been playing consistantly since i bought the game, picking up the guitar at least an hour a day for the past 6 days and I have already noticed a significant increase in my play. I was also at a plateau in my play, got frustrated and put it down for a year until i pick Rocksmith up again.The game will gradually build you up in terms of challenging you each time you advance within a song. Also a great tool is the Riff Repeater, allowing you to isolate parts of the song that you are struggling with. It also allows you to slow down each section and you choose where to begin or end each segment. The advanced A.I. for improvement and recommendations is spot on in my opinion. It takes what you are good at and then applies that into something else, I.E. : bends into string sharing. Which it will suggest you need improvement on. The music selection is vast with tons of song DLC's (yes it sucks to have to pay for a song you, yourself, really want to play but its definitely worth the 2-3$ for the song pack) such as Weezer, Oasis, R.E.M to name a few.So I repeat if you are serious about advancing your guitar play and youtube and other online lessons aren't helping. I would strongly suggest spending the 80$ (game + cable you need to buy at a retail store, Gamestop, BestBuy....). Think of it as a lifetime guitar teacher you paid for upfront. If you need further proof check out the new Rocksmith 2014 site and see the people who have posted their 60 day challenges, from pure beginners out of the box to lead guitarists of Dethlok and others on there."
76561197990066318,Recommended,221680,9984677,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,drawell,"I love it. Get a guitar and have a go, yoou wont regret."
76561197969171289,Recommended,221680,9985667,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,two2litres,Freakin Awesome.
,Recommended,221680,8507138,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,sharknotfound,It's really good
76561198014800071,Recommended,221680,8509691,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,iikktthh,Legit...
,Recommended,221680,8509696,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AronRodrigues,Amazing and very fun way to learn guitar
76561198121192001,Recommended,221680,8513703,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,MyDadCanBeatUpYourDad,I have made more progress learning the guitar in 2 days of Rocksmith than years of lessons and books. I heart the $@%! outta this game.
76561197973185632,Recommended,221680,8515742,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,chrobo,pokud se chcete naucit hrat na kytaru/basu - DOPORUCUJU
76561198019784251,Recommended,221680,8519198,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,chelfj,"First, Rocksmith 2014 is awesome. I bought it because I found I did not pick up my guitars as often as I should. With Rocksmith 2014 I quickly learned a handful of new songs and enjoyed every minute of it. There is, however one really big problem. Rocksmith 2014 was advertised as being fully compatible with the DLC from the original Rocksmith. This makes a huge difference as, if you look at the catalogue of songs available for the two versions, the content for the original is much greater than that available for 2014. Well, the problem is, in order to purchase songs from the original Rocksmith on steam you need to first own a copy of the original Rocksmith, if you don't, hey, feel free to pick it up on sale for ~$15. Once you've paid $15 for a program you're unlikely to ever even install, you'll also need to pick up the 2014 disc import tool for $10. So, now that you have about $80 into the 2014 program and required cable (of course you can't use other devices with usb audio-in that you might already own...), you have to buy $25 worth of crap that does nothing for you but allow you to finally buy the $3 songs that were advertised as being available in the first place. I have read that the problem is associated with Steam's system of handling DLC, but the necessity of the import tool seems to indicate that Ubisoft is trying to have its way their customers. I suppose that the actual problem probably has something to do with the original licensing of the songs and Ubisoft can’t simply port the content to 2014 allowing steam to just list original and 2014 versions of the same tunes, but, whatever the issue, I’d really like to see a LOT more songs available than the current 50 something (about 5 of which I have any interest in). Please?"
76561197963641665,Recommended,221680,8648499,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Spicy_MeatAball,Awesome game/teaching tool.  Ive been playing non stop for the last 2 weeks
76561198015967841,Recommended,221680,8653331,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Axel the fox,Good way to learn guitar.
76561198066104246,Recommended,221680,8624030,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Enthrall,"I LOVE IT!!! ONE COMPLAINT, you can't buy songs on the IN GAME STORE without the original AND the import tool. I really hope they fix this as I only want like 4 songs but can't."
,Recommended,221680,8625313,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,CamRac,"Rating: 8.5/10NOTE: For some reason, a lot of my hours are not being logged in Steam for this game.EXPERIENCE LEVEL:BEGINNER/INTERMEDIATEPROS:1. Session mode:This is hands-down the coolest tool I've ever seen to teach scales and jamming to musicians. You can customize your back-up band from a decent amount of options, and you can even choose the BPM. If you want to learn basics fast, this is the way to go.2. Learn a song naturally progresses with how well you're doing. This might not seem amazing, but you'll feel awesome when you land that hard lick and the game rewards you by taking the difficulty up a notch during the next verse. Master mode (although I haven't seen it myself yet, aside from various youtube vids) is also really fun.3. Riff Repeater & Other suggestions:RS will automatically generate tasks to work on after you play a song. It might suggest using the riff repeater to cover a part of the song you struggled with, or it might suggest that you like at the chord book or play in the arcade. Ultimately, this is really helpful, as gamification makes it easier to keep working at the same song over and over until you nail it. Dedication is key when learning a new song, after all.CONS:1. Relatively small song list:Sure, you can buy more, but each song is fairly expensive. Additionally, I'm just not a huge fan of the some of the available options. If I get bored, I might try out a Disturbed song, but I can't say I'll ever like that band (for instance). I know this probably isn't possible for the RS team yet, but I can't wait until we're able to play almost any song through audio recognition technology.2. Random problems with hardware & tuning:When I first booted the game, I couldn't get RS to recognize the Real Tone cord. Of course, the solution was as simple as unplugging the quick-snap adapter and plugging it back in quickly. However, I also ran into a few other small problems, including RS not recognizing that a string was tuned or that I was playing all strings at once (as opposed to fretting). In the end, nothing gamebreaking, and there are most likely kinks since this is a new type of genre (real musician music games? Haha.)CONCLUSION:Regardless of its flaws, this is probably the best thing I've spent money on in a longtime. Simply put, Rocksmith 2014 is amazing. I've messed with other guitar software in the past, but nothing like this. If you have a guitar, I strongly recommend picking up the needed Rocksmith cable from Amazon and a copy of the game. You won't be sorry."
,Recommended,221680,8627268,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,MMGTitleTakemToldYouHeWasComing,"oh yes, this game is very good and very helpful to anyone. anyone who plays guitar should get this game"
76561198069306415,Recommended,221680,11220453,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Ray Romano,"There is a feeling you get when playing this game. The feeling when you're playing a song (In my case: Everlong by the Foo Fighters) and you hear the guitar part exactly as you know it in the song, and look down to see that YOU are the one making the sound from your guitar.The overwhelming feeling of satisfaction may only come to those who are musical and put forth effort, but the game just... works. Better than any other way to learn guitar in my opinion"
76561197991972958,Recommended,221680,11222351,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Sqrl,"Better than I expected.  Will take you through basic guitar skills and the ""guitarcade"" help take away the tediousness of practicing on a regular schedule.  This alone makes it a worthwhile purchase for anyone learning or who wants to learn to play the guitar."
76561198056922822,Recommended,221680,11137935,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,xX_SUPER_N00B_Xx,"Very game only on my 17th hour and i can see a huge imporovement from not able to play a single rift, to being about to play mutipaul cords in many songs ( some reson some of the dlc cannont be bought without rochsmith normal edition )"
,Recommended,221680,11356885,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Netwars,"A lot of people talk about how this game really helped them learn a lot of songs and all that stuff, but the biggest thing it has done for me is helped my improvisation on scales other than the classic Pentatonic Minor. Namely, it showed me the chord tones of various progressions while they were being played, so I could not only get a better sound out of the Session Mode, but also figure out (kind of) chord tones as well.If you haven't gotten this game (program?) already, get on it!"
,Recommended,221680,11360615,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,A e s t h e t i c s,"Amazing game, if you want to learn guitar or bass, this is the game for you!"
76561197973078663,Recommended,221680,11235595,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Sloth,"Awesome game, or whatever it is. I'm soon gonna be that jerk who always brings a guitar to the party."
,Recommended,221680,11237023,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,BRMDa |Baco Exú do Blues|,Best game ever
76561198017877810,Recommended,221680,11354866,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,labcitychamp,Highly Recommend to any one who wants to learn guitar or bass!
76561197987630436,Recommended,221680,11189420,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Machine,This is the guitaraoke program I've dreamt of all these years. 9.2/10
,Recommended,221680,11144072,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,flynnguy,"So I'm an intermediate guitar player that hit a plateau and stopped playing for the most part. Every once in a while I would pick it up and play around a little but I never really stuck with it too long. Then I decided to get RockSmith 2014 during the steam summer sale...It took a little while to get used to the way the notes are presented but honestly, that didn't take too long and the easy levels are a good way to get used to it because they don't throw too many notes at you all at once. The game also gets progressively harder as you do well.Along with the actual game, I also bought the surf pack mainly for the song ""Walk, don't run"" which is one of my favorite surf songs. If I were to find tabs of this, I would play around, get frustrated and probably give up, especially if trying to play along with the recording. With Rock Smith, the Riff Repeater is a huge help. I can slow it down and I still get the backing band and I can set the difficulty level and I'll spend hours practicing this one song. You can even select a section of the song to keep repeating. Trying to do this with tabs and mp3s is probably possible but would be a giant PITA to setup and you'll need special software to slow down the song and then you have to figure out where in the song you are in relation to the tabs and it would just be a mess. I will say that this song at 100% difficulty and 100% speed is crazy hard but I'm determined.Of course, not all the songs are this hard, there are a lot of easier songs and of course multiple difficulty levels per song. Since you have the backup band it's still fun to play on the easier levels because you still hear the song.I don't know how easy it would be for someone completely new to guitar but there are tons of lessons in there that I haven't really looked at yet but plan to just for completeness sake. (I mean, I don't really need to watch a video on how to put my strap on the guitar but I guess it's good for someone?) Hopefully as I look at more of the lessons I'll find some harder stuff I don't know but I've just been having fun with the game.The biggest thing is that this game makes practice fun. Practicing scales and even just songs over and over again can get repetitious and boring. With this game, the backing band behind you and the ability to focus on smaller sections of the song at a whim, it makes it a lot nicer.The one downside I've found so far would be that I'd love the ability to make my own selection to reapeat in the riff repeater rather than the pre-defined sections (of course you can include multiple sections, you just can include say the next two notes or split a section in half). I'd also like the ability to pause and step through. Sometimes the harder songs, even when slowed down, I'll miss a few notes and I'll just have to wait until it repeats again and if it's in a busy section of the song I might miss it again.I have some other minor things about the interface that I wish I could change (like using the tones in tone designer is weird) but it's possible I just need to read up on how to do it.All in all I love this game and there's so much to do. Between the songs, the mini games and session mode, there is enough to keep you busy for a long while. The best part is, all of it is designed to help make you a better guitar player. So I don't know if I'd use *just* this to learn guitar but it's certainly very complimentary to other lessons."
76561198029097653,Recommended,221680,12135209,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,erw444,"Solid game for Intermediate guitar players and the leftovers from the Guitar hero age are looking to move up to the real thing.However I would not recommend it for beginners. Best to take some time to familiarize yourself with the guitar and basics, moving between the strings and fretting."
76561198004032428,Recommended,221680,12089352,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Psycho Dad,"If you look at my playtime, it's obvious - this game owns my soul.  Being that it takes place in your living room, but, when you start to play your guitar, an ominous ""portal"" if you will, opens in front of you with shadowy figures dancing to your tune, it's also obvious this game's metal as ♥♥♥♥."
76561198080887335,Recommended,221680,12091429,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,MetalHeadedRogue,"Since i had played the previous rocksmith comparing it to it...DRASTIC IMPROVEMENT!Being an 6 year experienced bass player and all life gamer it didnt take too long before I easily got the hang of itFor the sake of newbies to instruments, it does teach very well too as long as you keep practicing!Minigames are fun to playDOWNSIDES! - Master mode activating when you havent played the song in a long time? Annoying for me but resulted non-stop play mode never being used. Just do score attack at hard/riff repeater on the whole song and turn master mode off for that.Depending on your bass/guitar... you might have tuning/note hitting problems, using my old spare squire 80's jazz bass with no problems but the drop tunings seem to effect how it picked up some frequences :/ But my more expensive basses seem to pick it up very well.Music choice isnt too great, some classics and some random indy artists getting plugged, personally spent on some dlcs and got some songs I liked or wanted to learn too.OVERALL - 85/100 :) not bad at all... not perfect but i would recommend"
,Recommended,221680,12200664,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,FapFlop,"Actually decent. The cable is pricey, though. Go to CustomsForge to get the good stuff."
76561198011975213,Recommended,221680,12240798,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Z3R0Dyne,Great learning tool for beginners and novices.  People who are already experts would most likely not enjoy it much.
,Recommended,221680,12229320,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,PizzaDude,Mil vezes melhor do que Guitar Hero ou qualquer outro. Nesse você aprende de verdade!
76561198037834509,Recommended,221680,12296898,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Old Timer,"My daughter and I love this. We can play for hours.  Both of us have gone from not being able to play at all, to starting to become fairly proficient.  Just wish they would add more genres of music."
76561198074768261,Recommended,221680,7460286,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Coriolis,"Better than Rocksmith 1 in so many ways and much worse in one major way - it's really no longer a game.  It is, however, an excellent guitar tutor.  Oh well, I had already achieved ""Rocksmith"" on RS1 so I suppose having to repeat that entire process on RS 2014 might be seen as a pain by some ... it was however, in my humble opinion, a nice little touch that is blatanly missing now."
,Recommended,221680,12254793,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,DoodleBoy,"If you love video games and love to play Guitar, Bass, or sing then this is a good game to get. It combines my two favorite things gaming and music. If you are new to the instruments its also a great way to get into it without shelling out loads of cash for lessons. I would definitely reccomend this to a friend"
76561197970498308,Recommended,221680,12401701,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,RedHotFuzz,"Rocksmith is probably the only video game I've ever owned that provides me with a tangible benefit from playing it.  I started learning bass on Rocksmith a few months ago and am loving it.  It also motivated me to start taking lessons from an instructor, but Rocksmith remains my go-to for fun practice sessions that don't get boring.Get this game for your kids, get this game for yourself, but get this game!"
,Recommended,221680,12412054,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Sinfreealex,"Absolutely the most fun I've had in a long time, since Guitar Hero. I've had lessons, worked with DVDs, and done online and book courses, but none of them was this fun.It's great to pick a song you like and just start playing. Rocksmith figures out what parts of the songs that you are having trouble with and recommends lessons that will help you improve those sections of the song. You can also just work on the lessons and the score tracks they provide to get better, overall and get one steps closer to playing those songs at 100%. I'm so glad I bought this on Steam so I can practice and play wherever I want.Even if you already own a guitar, this is a great way to have another excuse to play it and learn some new songs. There are enough old school arcade games and songs to keep you occupied for a long while. They are putting out new song content every month and take suggestions for songs and bands on their facebook page.You have to buy or own a realtone cable for this one, but you can find them all over the internet at reasonable prices."
76561197996192934,Recommended,221680,12412553,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Malace,Just freeking Awesome !
76561198025422000,Recommended,221680,12441529,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Mandibleman,"If you are a bit skeptical about a game that can match notes you play on a real guitar to a programmed map of said notes in a game I wouldn't blame you at all; however, this game does it pretty well.  Now, there are some small holes that show up from time to time, like how sometimes you can get away with strumming 8 notes for every 10 and still hit every note, or how the game has trouble detecting the lower notes (usually on lower tunings) on your guitar and tells you its too quiet even though the volume knob is maxed out.  BUT you can immediately forgive all of that when it actually works as a learning tool.I didn't think the game would really improve my guitar skills (which were average at best) but I thought it would still be a nice distraction for awhile.  Was I wrong...so wrong.  If you don't have problems buying the previous version and some dlc (there are some really good songs, but sadly most of the ones you might want are dlc $3 a song) you will find plenty of variety to keep you interested.  Also, while the game does start out slow, it ramps up the difficulty quite nicely at a pace that never really gets uncomfortable.  You will be challenged to do things you might never have been comfortable doing before, like hammer-ons and string skipping at a decent pace, but will rarely feel overwhelmed (note i said rarely, it has happened a couple times).  I was finding myself getting better every day being able to play faster and more precise, slowly mastering songs I liked to play and challenging myself to play songs outside of my comfort zone (genre wise).In conclusion, it is a lot of fun and is very effective at making you a better guitarist.  My only advice would be to not let yourself get frustrated if you find yourself having trouble playing at times when the game decides to push the difficulty up a bit.  If you push, you will master it and become better.  Also, don't try to exploit things you might discover to make it easier.  That kind of ruins the point."
,Recommended,221680,12443957,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Henchman Mike,I'm playing this 'game' way more than I thought I would. It picks up the guitar action way better than I thought it would. With that said thsi 'game' is more a nice practice session for me. Luckily there is a crap ton of DLC and custom DLC to keep things going for a long time. Thumbs up!
76561197976162347,Recommended,221680,12420524,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,tanafres,"Fabulous game - I had never played guitar before, and because of this game (and its not nearly as good predecessor) now I do.  If you've never played before, you'll only be asked to play one note every once in a great while, and when you're consistently successful at playing that note, another note or two will be added. Keep getting it right, and eventually you're playing the actual song.  That said, you can adjust the 'difficulty' (how close what you're playing is to the actual song) whenever you like, and there's a phenomenal practice tool at your fingertips known as the 'Riff Repeater'. Simply press a key, and you are set to repeat a section of the song (or if you choose all sections, the entire song at once). For the practice you can set difficulty , speed, whether those will increase on success, what defines success (perfect, up to 1 mistake, etc.). how many times you have to get it right for one of those to increase, etc.Also includes an excellent selection of interactive 'lessons' - teaching segments with exercises to reinforce what you've learned.  These start at how to hold your pick, and go up through things like 2-handed tapping. There are also some 'Guitarcade' games, which are skill-building exercises packaged as mini games. While these start to feel repetitive pretty quickly, they'll be entertaining for a while.Lastly, every single week they release 3 to 5 new songs as DLC, from classical favorites that they've adapted themselves (the 'Bachsmith' pack), to Iron Maiden, Cake, Maroon 5, or Albert King. Pretty much everyone will find something they'll really enjoy."
,Recommended,221680,8278205,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,MuttBattler,"Thanks for running a 25% off promo 2 days before a 33% promo guys, way to make me spend money.  Well done all. :conwayfacepalm:"
,Recommended,221680,8278436,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,joKo,this is a great game for playing and learning the guitar
,Recommended,221680,8348888,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Project_Entry,A suprisingly better experience than the original Rocksmith (particularly tracking with a Bass Guitar). Definitely pick this up if you want to learn/are currently learning the guitar/bass as it gives you an opportunity to try out song of different genre's that you normally play.
76561197969594993,Recommended,221680,8350290,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Userfaulty,"This version is much much better than the previous. Everything you could want in a guitar game thats actually educational and fun at the same time. My only 'annoyance' with it is during calibration\tuning you have to strum the guitar very loudly to calibrate before some games or sessions. I normally play at night after my kid is asleep. If there was a way to skip the playing loudly I would love it even more.All in All, I highly recommend this for anyone of all skill levels. Why play guitar hero or rockband when you can actually learn to play on a real guitar at your own pace."
,Recommended,221680,8244033,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,alberic_hunter,Great game.Very good to make you learn guitar without thinking you are just doing basic training.e.g. you switch between chords to kill zombies instead of just making chord switch ^^;The playlist is globally harder than previous Rocksmith but more accurate.
76561198077982141,Recommended,221680,8245732,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,jimbob_stone,"I highly recommend this for anybody who want to test their arm at playing, I wish it had been around 30 years ago, I might have bothered learning the guitar then.You still have to do the hard yards but this gives you a leg up (I think I have managed to put more than a fair share of sporting cliches in here now)."
,Recommended,221680,7573037,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,OmegaOrtega,"If you enjoyed Rock Band or Guitar Hero, and you have any desire to learn real guitar... You are cheating yourself by not playing this!"
,Recommended,221680,8267952,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,*PEW*SurpriseButtSecks!,"Do I recommend this game? It's not really a game at this point. It is more like a trainer, because they took the campaign out of it. I already play guitar and know alot of the songs and techniques, so this doesn't keep my interest. $40 bucks waisted in my eyes. If you are inexperienced and want o learn to play newer songs, this is the tool. IT fteaches you the beats and lets you learn at your own level. This will work at your speed and not the level the person you are getting lessons froms idea of where you are.Without the campaign it's not for me... I'll play the original if I want to play a game, but IF I want to learn a new song... I have what it takes in RockSmith 2014."
,Recommended,221680,8268784,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,rappinRONNIEregan,"It's a fun game. Support sucks, though. I've lost my progress three times now and it's hell trying to get help from the developer."
76561197985641527,Recommended,221680,8253471,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BenjiMac,"Intuitive interface and excellent presentation help things right off the bat, but the real strength here is how well Rocksmith takes the chore out of practicing essential techniques and skills.Pricing of the DLC is arguable, but given the complement of songs included with the core software, the DLC is not essential to enjoy a solid variety of music.The gamification is excellently done, the game's adaptation to your own level and style is excellent and really is worth investing in for those looking to sharpen up. The improvised jam session works superbly with the AI band adapting well to your playing."
,Recommended,221680,8256510,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mudry,"If you ever wanted to learn to play guitar, want to grow your guitar skills exponentially, Rocksmith 2014 is the game for you. If you have a guitar that's been sitting under your bed, in your attic, etc. this is the game to dust it off for and get real use out of it.If you are buying it on Steam, be aware you need to get a Rocksmith Realtone Cable from another retailer (like Amazon). They aren't that expensive, and after buying the game and the cable you will realize that you have gotten your money's worth INSTANTLY.Also, if you are coming from a Guitar Hero or Rock Band style game, and am looking for the next challenge in the music/rhythm game genre, you won't be disapointed. You can pick up the guitar kit which comes with everything you need for about $150-$200. It has a great beginner guitar and the game.Rocksmith 2014 has a plethora of content: Tons of songs, all the lessons you will need to get your started and playing like a pro, excersises disguised as mini-games and a mode where you can just jam out and have fun.Rocksmith 2014 is a hidden gem of 2013. If it wasn't for the barrier of entry (owning a guitar) it could easily be a game of the year contender based on what the game is actually doing for you.Put your money down and pick up this game right now. You will too realize how amazing and great this game actually is!"
,Recommended,221680,14397039,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,ovidiusoft,"While this is not really the best way to start learning an instrument, and it's not really-really a game, it is very fun! If you didn't hold a guitar before, Rocksmith manages to keep very fun and entertaining the (usually) boring and frustrating first steps. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,221680,14409171,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,SteveHex,"I've been ""playing"" this game for 80 minutes, and I still have no sound. I've tried fixing it several times in the last few months. Never got any sound.http://imgur.com/a/mk8EA"
,Recommended,221680,14480421,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,txprt,"It's great, I learned guitar by shooting zombies, shooting ducks, dodging barriers, shooting cowboys, dodging an electric barrier as a ninja, and actually learning songs.I love it, without this I would have never bothered to learn guitar, but I always wanted to and this gave me the chance."
,Recommended,221680,14480715,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Zenistar,Made it super easy and addictive to get back into guitar!
76561198052106695,Recommended,221680,14486268,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,InsaneHangtime,"This game is flippin' amazeballs! So addictive and so useful. had a guitar for 4 months roughly and not really attempted to learn how to play it, i buy rocksmith and now this is what I do with free time. 10/10"
76561198021932459,Recommended,221680,14491754,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Riksurugi,"Better than learning songs from tabs and the Gutarcade is great fun. I would recommend the game to beginners as a rough overview of guitar/music and a practice tool. To people who have been playing for a while, it's a fun way to warm up and refine. The game isn't perfect but it's a damn good effort . Also any RS14 console owners wondering if the PC version worth it...Yes it is."
,Recommended,221680,7734746,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Darthtanien,"Best guitar software for learning guitar EVER. If you ever wanted to play guitar check this out. You will be playing songs you never thought you could be playing in days ! Even if you never touched a guitar before you WILL learn how to play a song in just a few hours. Playing this ""game"" Teaching software you will have FUN learning and before you know it you are getting good !  Even if you are an expert player you can learn net things, jam with the virtual band, Create custome tones and more. Seriously check this out. For the price of one lesson  you will get 80 + lessons, Interactive learning that  scales with you, and 50+ songs, plus the cable. Mini games and more."
76561198078631691,Recommended,221680,14564357,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,TComm,Excellent reference and very fun way to learn an instrument. Many great songs that are challenging and great to play over and over. Also includes lessons and guides fro techniques to ensure you are learning the right way. Still not quite as good as a human instructor but will definitely teach you the basics of playing.
,Not Recommended,221680,13213497,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,ichbinant,"I've been playing guitar since I was a teenager (I shall not tell you how many years ago that was, my age shall remain secret) and played pretty much all Guitar Hero games. It was a dream to have something like this. So yes, of course I'd recommend Rocksmith 2014, but... yes there is a but. And this is the reason why I wouldn't recommend it.This is not a game! It needs to be gamified. This is more about learning how to play songs, almost a very advanced tab software. Rocksmith was more gamified compared to Rocksmith 2014.Oh and yes I do know about those little games but that's not the type of gamification I'm talking about. For instance, all songs are unlocked in this game and you ""learn a song"", where in Guitar Hero you unlocked new songs by trying play the current unlocked ones better. This game doesn't give you any incentive for playing a song better.It was awesome to buy the Iron Maiden DLC and play for a bit, but compared to fun GH Metalica or GH Legends of Rock provided, oh boy, this is more like doing a homework than playing a game."
76561198052240371,Recommended,221680,13233276,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,steinsi,I really like the game but the DLC songs are pretty overpriced.
76561198084664613,Recommended,221680,13246667,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,seamuis,"Shockingly, this one does exactly what it says on the box.   I'm astonished to report that the guitar cable actually works, and the level of accuracy in the interface is frankly pretty amazing.  This is the software I spent my teenage years, my 20's, and most of my 30's dreaming of.  I've played guitar for about 25 years, but never got beyond playing rhythm parts (chords and a little light noodling).  I've always wanted to melt someones face off playing lead but tablature makes me want to tear my own arms off.  Now, that future is within my grasp.  I'm very happy: practicing the guitar, at my own pace, with master tracks from a few excellent bands (though unfortunately, also a whole raft of mediocre ones).  Thankfully there's DLC, and while the available library is a mix of great and not great- there is certainly something for everyone, as well as the ability to use tools to create custom tracks.  The mini-games are fun for breaks and warm-ups, but will likely grow tiresome quickly.  The real selling point here is the progressive difficulty with which you're able to learn songs.  You start off playing only a handful of single notes on a song, and on every successive (successful) playthrough, you level up and are given more notes to try on your next pass.   The difficulty ramp seems pretty gradual, but I've no doubt there's frustration to be had, and you definitely need to commit to this if you want to get the most out of it.  Overall, VERY, VERY happy so far."
76561198030632853,Recommended,221680,13374591,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Husky98,Loving it
76561198085337929,Recommended,221680,13282416,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,aerroc,This game makes you into a rockstar.
76561198007248589,Recommended,221680,13285001,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,MMDecadence,"Had this on PS3 but prefer it much more on my computer,save fortunes on guitar lessons by playing this game"
76561197985566745,Recommended,221680,13192598,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,jedi2709,"I absolutely love this game on my PS3, unfortunately I haven't had any luck getting this to work on my PC.  The game starts as expected, everything is fine until the guitar comes into play / calibration and such.  There is way too much distortion - too much to even tune the guitar within the game.  I've tried different guitars, USB ports, adjusted the ini file - no luck.  Their support group was friendly, and they are sending additional instructions / things to try.  It is very frustrating to not be able to adjust any of the advanced settings without first calibrating the guitar - we could probably get this resolved quickly if there was a way to bypass that initial step just for configuration issues.At this point I cannot recommend the game for PC.  Now recommended - see update below -"
,Recommended,221680,13144163,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,jreddin1,"I've never taken lessons, and fiddled with learning to play for a long time.  With Rocksmith 2014, my skills are improving pretty steadily.  I'm not a real ""structured"" learner, and this game gives me the freedom to move around as I feel like, without having to follow rigorous training regiments.  Great fun, and the catalogue keeps getting bigger.For those who do better with structure, the game offers that too!  Lot's of lessons, and the ability to drill on songs and passages until you reach perfection.If you really want to amp up your song list, watch for the original Rocksmith to go on sale, buy it, and then buy the transfer pack that lets you play all those songs in RS 2014.  You'll have a couple hundred songs before you know it!"
76561198011026871,Recommended,221680,13195238,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Luft,Great tool for learning and fun.
76561198021969490,Not Recommended,221680,13240470,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Francis Stephens,The idea behind this game is great. Unfortunately on my 2014 Macbook Pro there is a small but noticable lag between plucking a string and hearing it. This is easiest to detect in the session mode. Attempting to play a lot of guitar with that amount of lag will have a long term impact on how you play using a normal amp. Not going to do that.
76561198089359736,Recommended,221680,13093999,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Xeinothill,Sometimes I glare angrily at my fretting hand because it's an uncoordinated piece of junk.
,Recommended,221680,13133450,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,FatGoose,"I am not really good at writing detailed, in-depth reviews that will make or break a person’s decision. However, I will say this game has helped me tremendously. To me the game is like interactive guitar tab. While it does teach me to mechanically play the songs, it also gets me hitting every note and once I learn the song well enough I don’t need the game and I can start to play without the game and really learn to feel the music. The game may not be perfect but it has helped me get a lot better and I REALLY love it :) On a side note, it is also very nice when you don't have a lot of time to learn a song by ear or by lessons. With the way the game teaches me to play songs I learn them way faster. Thank you Rocksmith!"
76561198107376467,Recommended,221680,13099969,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,mccullough2015,"yes,"
,Recommended,221680,13348342,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Bodgie,"This game won't make you a pro at guitar or bass, don't go into it thinking that. That said, its fun for practice."
,Recommended,221680,13977979,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Darth Vader,Like Guitar Hero for cool people.
,Recommended,221680,13983219,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,AlaynaszLer,cool stuff
76561198024629098,Recommended,221680,14135998,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Chanito,"Not much I can add to the already more than 2000 positive reviews.  I'll just say it's a great way to learn guitar, practice guitar, listen to new music in a much more involved way.  Definitely worth the 80 bucks or so for the game + cable.  Try to not get addicted to buying additional songs, I know I have bought many more than I can master.  I wish I had more time to spend on it."
,Not Recommended,221680,13921869,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Ushumann,"Though I agree it could be a great learning tool, it isn't hands on, which means you will most likely form bad habits that reduce your speed/string switching etc. You would think these things would be covered in the videos that are provided, but they are not. Get this game on sale and let it teach you the basics, then go ask your mom for guitar lessons. Sure I don't have a ton of hours though I can definitely tell you that lessons are way less time consuming and enraging. If you really want to play guitar, and the idea of shredding like Dimebag or Eddie is burned into every fiber of your being and you believe you can really master the ♥♥♥♥ out of guitar, go for actual lessons instead."
76561198006451994,Recommended,221680,13932338,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,xacuit,"Hi ive been playing for 2yrs now&have come on in leaps&bounds,my rythm is really bad but RS&RS2014 has helped with it alot.Great teaching aid 100% recommend if you wont to learn to play guitar or bass :)"
,Recommended,221680,13956498,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,mallow,"I had some previous (limited) experience playing guitar, but this game really makes me want to play regularly.Positive Points:+ Progressive learning, with automatic tailoring to your skill level+ Clean and mostly intuitive interface+ Large assorment of guitar tones that match the tones used in whatever song you're playing+ Few to no latency issues after fiddling with the settings a bit+ Large song library with a variety of genres (mostly varieties of rock, to everyone's big surprise)+ Many additional songs available as DLC (small note: Considering that this game cost me a little more than the price of two albums and the featured artists have to be payed royalties, the 60 or so included songs more than justify the overall price in my opinion. The additional DLC gives the publisher incentive to add more content along the road, increasing the chances of more songs you like being added)+ Lots of fun arcade-style guitar minigames, such as a game where playing the displayed chord fires your ship's weapons at the ship attacking you)+ Built-in tuner that actually works and is fast to use+ Loads and loads of rewarding fun. Play a game and acquire guitar skills at the same timeNegative points:- Requires expensive proprietary cable (mine cost as much as the game itself)- Volume control can be a bit off, sometime you can't hear yourself properly- Any other sound device on the same bus will mess up your guitar signal to the point of it being unplayable. If you're using a USB sound card or headphones, you could very well have the same issues I had.- Some fiddling around required to get the latency figured outAlthough this game has its issues, most revolve around the hardware used. Once everything is set up properly, you shouldn't have any more issues. This is a very enjoyable game, and I can definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to pick up a bit of guitar skills and learn the riffs to some of your favorite songs. After around a month of playing (30h game time), I predict I won't hit the skill ceiling of this game for at least another 300-400 hours."
76561198021586052,Recommended,221680,13956595,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Rabbit,Best game ever!10/10
,Recommended,221680,14114660,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,X3mErrus,"My friend showed me this programm (it's not a game for me, it's more serious) and I fell in love with it. Rocksmith offers a fast start to novice like me. It helps to develop hand's motor skills and muscles' memory."
,Recommended,221680,13437746,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Pyrate,"A quick note: This is actually a pretty bad portOnce you actually get it to work it becomes pretty fun.I had a few problems with the difficulty with it either being too easy or too hard.It has an automatic difficulty adjustment which is cool, but imo it kinda is more of a con than a pro.I would get it, but be warnded it take effort to get to work"
76561198020956965,Recommended,221680,13620761,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Fallschrimjager,It's just an amazing game ! It would be better if dire straits dlc was avaliable :) I am looking forward to it!
,Recommended,221680,13620949,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ENG2828,"Just passed the 30 day mark of the 60 day challenge.  So the question is does this game teach you to play guitar?  The answer is yes.How much you improve is a function somewhat of one's natural ability to play guitar, but everyone can learn as it is simply as matter of time at task (and this is what the 60 day challenge is doing).  My technique, fretboard familiarity, picking, etc is improving.  Do I still suck?  Sure I do, but I suck less than I did at the start of the game (and I am being overly self-critical which is my nature).  I can see the improvement in my ability.  Will this game be the end of my learning - no.  However, it teaches a lot of good basics to get one started to play guitar.I totally reommend this game to those who want to learn guitar and understand that they have to put time into learning - you will learn to play, but you have to put the time into it."
76561198108031310,Recommended,221680,13617909,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Captain Cuddles,Buy this game if you have any interest in playing an actual guitar!!!!!
76561198039267766,Recommended,221680,13629766,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Thor,if i had this when i was 16 i would be a fast hands finger wizard
,Recommended,221680,13662229,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Ash 333,"Great if you're a begineer, expert or in between."
76561198030740885,Recommended,221680,13461127,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,charles.perrett,"I've been playing guitar on an off for about 10 years and this game has renewed my passion for the instrument. It was a bit tricky at first to play along using their notation, but it soon becomes second nature. Well recommended, especially if you're a beginner."
76561197994108458,Recommended,221680,13462500,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,NamedInPieces,Great tool. Abusive DLC prices. Ubisoft should treat customers better.
76561198042770103,Recommended,221680,13464504,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,The Chosen One,"once you manage to get it to work properly this game is awesome, like guitar hero with basic music theory, I was skeptical with the raeltone cable and how all of this works but Ive been wrong , everything works perfectly!  this game is awesome !"
,Recommended,221680,13464754,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Chloe~,Ah~ Rocksmith2014 Rawks! and F*ck u steam for holiday sale! :D
,Recommended,221680,13606643,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ryantmer,"I tried learning guitar. I wasn't very good at it.Then I tried again a few years later, and still wasn't good at it.Then I bought Rocksmith 2014, and now I'm still not very good.The game is excellent. It's just that I'm not."
,Recommended,221680,13455112,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Bartgalok,I have never played guitar before. This program has opened an avenue of learning that I did not think possible. I am playing music that I hacve always wanted to play.
,Recommended,221680,13418083,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Doe,ive learnt to play the bass guitar very well because of this game and thats just from having a laugh with friends playing this game at a weekend
76561198026466396,Recommended,221680,7485753,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Shuffles,Awesome!
,Recommended,221680,13450155,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,videogames,pretty cool
,Recommended,221680,13525966,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Bravothree,"The main downside to this game is that Ubisoft has their own horrible gaming portal embedded in the software, so that if you want something you have to keep track of a login for their stuff. (At least its better than what it used to be)If you don't have the cable, just buy a copy from the store to save the hassle unless there's a big sale on Steam, because then you might pay the same amount for the boxed game with the cable without having a non Steam copy (unfortunately, it will have even more annoying Ubisoft proprietary restrictions on PC out of the box)If you want to learn Guitar or Bass and don't want to spend the crazy amounts of money on lessons, this is the way to go."
,Recommended,221680,13073973,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,MonkeyJamboree,"I was really hesitant to get this since I didn't know if I would really end up learning to play... But I don't regret the purchase for a second! Fantastic game. If you've ever played Guitar Hero or Rock Band, they pale in comparison to the feeling of actually playing a real guitar in a music game. I'm still a total amateur, but I know this will be an indespensible tool in my plans to take over the worl... er, learn to play guitar. Yeah, that's it..."
,Recommended,221680,14964598,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,tolan,"Pretty damn good and fun way to learn guitar/bass (I play bass), only problem is the note detection is somewhat off sometimes, but that can sort of be expected seing how its just reading the sound output of the instrument."
76561198007411910,Recommended,221680,14816536,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,wolfpost,"Two thumbs way up! I've seen all the testimonials and 60 day challenges on youtube like most others and I bought the game expecting somewhat of a let down from the videos. I mean, it couldn't be that good could it be? Well, yes and no. I have the game since about xmas and I have logged about 90hrs or so on it. And yes, I have gotten much much better. Pour Some Sugar on me, Satifacation and a few others I am almost playing the entire song already. Notes and chords I looked at in confusion the first week are common place and fairly easy for me now. I had no idea at all how to play anything on the gutar when I started and now I have a clue. I almost exclusivly only do the ""learn a song"" part of the game so if I were to actually use the other learning parts of it I am sure I would be better than I am.Some things I am not in love with are1. Sometimes on some songs you have it mastered to the percentage of the song it lets you play but it just dosn't seem to open up more notes on the song for a long time.2. Too many songs have LONG periods of no notes to play while you are at the begining stages of the song. There is no need to go 5-15 seconds waiting for your next note. But once you ""level up""the song that is corrected.3. I would prefer if the songs played on normal speed from the first time you play it instead of often starting at a slower speed until you ""level""it up. I find I actually play the song better when I don't have time to think about what note to hit. Also, if you play new songs and it plays at the slower speed, it sort of messes you up for a bit for the songs that are playing on the normal speed when you play them. You get use to the slow speed and now have to readjust to the normal speed.4. My biggest peeve. WTF is up with the tuner? If you play almost ANY song thats not played in the ""E"" key, it is near impossible to get the top two strings in the first 3 or so frets in tune. Oh, the game says they are but when you go to play the song I am clearly hitting the right notes but the game keeps saying I missed them. Often I have to move a whole fret down to make the note register. That is a royal pain when you are trying to learn a song because you don't know at first if you are missing the note or if the guitar isn't tuned. Then you have to remeber to mpve your hand down a fret lower than is called for each time to hit the note. :( And no amount of tuning will get it to work right. You basically just have to compensate when you play a note.Finally, there is NO WAY I could play any song without seeing the notes coming down on the screen as I play. So, You would need something else to actually learn how to play the guitar in a real setting. But having said that, I clearly can now somewhat play the guitar and actual songs. I usually play 2 hours at a clip and the time just flys by."
,Recommended,221680,14886628,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,mysticole928,"I owned the previous version of the game and liked it.  I stopped playing it because it frustrated me as much as (and sometimes more) than I enjoyed it.  There's nothing like playing a ""concert"" only to get harder version of songs because you leveled up along the way.I also didn't (and don') like the angle at which the note come down the screen .  To me, I think the forced perspective causes both a problem visualizing the rhythm as well as the fret location.Sometimes, doing things over and over again, while slower, is like talking louder to someone that doesn't understand you.  Unless you use a different method of communication, you're not going to get your point across.I've gotten more instruction from the game Rock Prodigy but, I keep coming back every few months to try my hand at Rocksmith.  One of the other game players has put transcriptions of the lessons in the forum.  (I recently stumbled across them.)  A long time ago, I wrote Ubisoft and said they needed to make a game guide for Rocksmith.  I would gladly pay money for some offline practice tools.  The TABs are great.  I'd love to know what fingers are best, too.  (I know, people are different and we should use which ever ones are comfortable.  I don't care.  Give me a recommendation.)I buy DLC to support Ubisoft's efforts as I think they have a good thing and I want it to become a great thing.It's a good product and worthy of people's time.  I just think it could be better.Stephen"
76561197993460112,Recommended,221680,14889829,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,matt,Great game. Buy it.
,Recommended,221680,14706690,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Xenocryst,Greatest tool ever...to inspire and get folks to pick up a REAL guitar...To play songs...TO REALLY PLAY SONGS...best out there tool....theres another one but the range of songs is amazing...it sucks about licensing...but paying the bit for 2013 and getting those into 2014...is rad....wish everybody could just let us players and learners and goof offers...jam
,Recommended,221680,14713164,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,UnmaskYourDesire,Guitar Hero with real guitar.
,Recommended,221680,14944376,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,cuke b cool,"Damn sonI love this game so much I just wish I had a better guitarI'm gonna get all of the dlc or die tryinThe hardest part is getting the realtone cable, the rest is just practice practice practice."
,Recommended,221680,19797441,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Sophie,"Good game for guitar.and its cheaper than taking lessons....However, game crashes 8/10 times :/"
76561197970541295,Recommended,221680,8097792,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Mother F. Ross,"Loving the new Rocksmith...and their new DLC, the Maiden, the Who, Disturbed and the list keeps growing and getting better and better.The new session mode is awesome and I can get lost in it for hours.I was a little mad at the idea of having to buy a new version of the game just a year after the last version came out, but with the new features and interface, they earned every penny of the price for the 2014 edition.  Thanks for proving me wrong!"
,Recommended,221680,8098765,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,zashr_,"As someone who's spent a good chunk of their life trying to learn how to play guitar, Rocksmith is exactly what I needed. I learned what I probably would have been able to pull off over 4 years or so over the course of 1 year, and now that the newest version is released, that means that there's so many more mechanics that have been introduced that can help me fine-tune my playing. If you're looking on learning how to play guitar, this is the most intuitive and personal game/teacher you can get."
,Recommended,221680,8062069,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Exsedol,"Pros:- you're going to learn guitar (lead, rhythm, and/or bass)- large variety of songs. All Rocksmith 1 DLC ports to Rocksmith 2014- Riff repeater is just like practicing a song in the real world; increase/decrease speed and increase/decrease difficulty!- Tutorials are top rate. They show videos of how it's done then follow up with examples that you play- Minigames are actually pretty funCons:- There is a learning curve to watching the notes come down the screen, which may turn away more experienced players- Could use more genres of DLC music- Your fingers will develop callouses if not pre-existent"
76561198007342869,Recommended,221680,8108660,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,an Trodaire,"If you want to learn guitar or bass, this is the way to do it. I've tried self taught, formal lessons, band camp, and this is the best. Great variety of songs, great tools for learning and practice."
76561198018550015,Recommended,221680,8123595,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Laksefar,"Played 5 hours so far and it's amazing! You can start from scratch and just learn as you play, easy and great. Highly recommended for people who wants too learn to play."
,Recommended,221680,8111757,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Joeker579,this♥♥♥♥♥♥is a great learning tool
76561197986124176,Recommended,221680,8113238,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,FigJam,Absolutely fantastic way to learn how to play the guitar!!! It's a blast and it works!!!
,Recommended,221680,8129229,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"I was a member of the [made up statistic] of people who have a guitar just lying around, abandoned, perhaps adorning the wall or huddled in a dark corner, gently weeping. We people love listening to music, and we love it so much that we want to make music ourselves. However, many of us perhaps couldn't find the time, or couldn't afford lessons, so our picks were lost under the furniture somewhere, our amps relegated to the top shelf, and our guitars left to deteriorate in the great river of time. Metal, right?Tis a sad fate, that of the wannabe musician. The pain never left me over the years, and every once in a while I tried to follow a Youtube video or a book to get into the groove. I wanted to play Blues. I wanted to play Funk. I wanted to Rock like Page and Hendrix, and to Roll like Clapton and Gilmour.As it turned out, Rocksmith 2014 was pretty much what I was looking for.It's pretty comprehensive- it has a host of techniques that you learn by watching a video and then playing along on a practice track. The practice tracks introduce the basic concept, and get harder as you get better, until you ""master"" the technique. You can then move on to the next technique, and eventually you'll get to more advanced versions of the first ones. It also allows you to go back and lower the difficulty and speed, making it just as versatile as a sheet of note paper in front of you.My favorite section is the songs. The base game comes with a bunch of really good stuff, including some Boston, Stones, Rush, Petty, etc. and a lot of newer songs I don't know anything about. The songs work the same as the practice tracks, they get harder as you do better and you can repeat sections for ""mastery."" The only thing about this section is that I'm not sure how useful this is in real life applications, as reading sheet music is different than the Guitar Hero style here. However, the complete songs are there and on the highest difficulty level, you really are playing the real complete song.Lastly there is an entire arcade section that I haven't gotten much into yet. What I have done is pretty great: there are essentially basic arcade games that are reminiscent of those old typing tutor video games. Instead of hitting a certain key, you play a certain chord, or strum a certain way, etc. My favorite so far is a space shooter similar to the classic TIE Fighter, in which you play chords to shoot asteroids/enemies. It helps you rapidly learn the names of chords because you get more points for play faster, and it shows you the name before it shows you the notes.Anyway, so far this game has proved to be immensely useful, I can already play Blitzkrieg Bop at almost the highest difficulty level, and my poor guitar is finally getting the attention it deserves. I'm getting a bass guitar for Christmas, so I will be trying out that whole half of the game soon. Highly reccommended for those without much time/money/both who want to learn guitar techniques."
76561198073859092,Recommended,221680,8131976,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Black Rice,yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
76561198023401746,Recommended,221680,8014559,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[FB] EzE,Best game if you want to learn how to play guitar!
,Recommended,221680,8019554,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Pneumo,Best money a rock guitarist ever spent!
,Recommended,221680,8008254,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Rendelven,This game is a great tool for practicing guitar.
76561197968730090,Recommended,221680,18899898,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Medicine Man,Awesome app/game. It has really helped me to break out of the guitaring trench I was in and learn new things and techniques. Highly recommend this to anyone who is even reotely interested in learning guitar.
76561197993942928,Recommended,221680,19084227,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Braddock,"So good it`s not even a game. Best interface for reading guitar tablature there is. The greatest strength of it, is the 3D tablature, by literally giving those standard 2D tabs an extra dimension, in this case, time is the forwards direction, horizontal and vertical movements of the fret activity are the vertical and horizontal axis. This becomes almost the same as seeing a person playing in front of you, but you have the extra dimension that gives you the notes beforehand, so you know what`s coming and what to do ahead of time. A radically different way of reading music.Honestly, I learned to play guitar using this, I tried teachers, self-teaching and all other software you can find, and I say that it is the best way to learn guitar and bass. Beats anything that came before it. And I am having fun on it."
76561197975652739,Recommended,221680,19073141,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Ghuzz,"If you are willing to learn how to play electric guitar and also if you are seeking for fun, this is the software you need to purchase!I am not saying this is a ""game"".This is a helpful software inluding video lessons, songs and practises on dynamic difficulty(depending on your success rate) and with small ""games"" within.I recommend this software for those who had fun playing Guitar Hero or other games but looking for the real deal!You will regret the days you spent playing others :)"
,Recommended,221680,18976647,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Seth Illgard,Great for learning. This actually has been the best resource to help me get started with the guitar.
,Recommended,221680,7848468,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Kwix,"It's well good, innit?"
,Recommended,221680,7934766,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Doxx Mulder #PlayFactorioWithMe,"Improves on the original every way. Not a game for gamers, but rather a magnificent tool for guitarists to learn songs. 10/10 for its function as an entertaining learning tool."
,Recommended,221680,7935455,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Dorffasaurus,Much better then the previous one would highly recommend only real gripe is that they took out the campaign mode.
,Recommended,221680,7911606,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,smackman82,"This game is vastly superior over the original by having better music, better interface, and just an all-around appealing asthetic. With the music, it's music from th 70's to today and from lighter soothing brit-pop to full-on fret melting metal.My only complaint is actually with the compatibility with the cable on Windows 8. When using the cable, it wouldn't work properly until I read a bunch of suggestions on the web to find out that the cable draws too much power if you have it already plugged into your guitar prior plugging in the USB. The fix that worked for me is unplugging the cable from both sides then plugging in the USB directly into your computer first THEN plugging into your guitar, after which, it works great.Also, before buying this game, make sure you have the proper audio setup that Ubisoft recommends else you'll get guitar delay and that ain't cool. Otherwise, rock on!"
,Recommended,221680,7819157,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sepolevne,"A bit of info before I go into this review, I played the first Rocksmith game as a way to learn to play the bass guitar and I have been playing the guitar for around 6 years, so I am still learning a great deal about the instrument.To call Rocksmith 2014 a game would be a bit of a wild misnomer. Rocksmith 2014 is not a game, but instead a fantastic way to learn how to play rock guitar and bass guitar. One thing you should know is that you have to buy the Ubisoft proprietary cable (the ""Real Tone Cable"") in order to make the game work. You can't go down to Sam Ash or Guitar Center and buy a generic USB guitar cable. The one nice thing is that you can use the Ubisoft cable in other programs for a basic guitar to USB input. I've used it with Audacity 1.3 to do basic recordings. The game breaks down into 3 areas, the learning guitar mode, the playing guitar mode, and the messing around on the guitar mode.When it comes to learning the guitar, Rocksmith 2014 provides tutorial videos, which are as good as any learn guitar video that I've seen on YouTube. The narration is very clear without much jargon. The videos start from the very beginning, including how to hold the guitar (which is far more important than you'd think). Now, you may be thinking, If I can just go on YouTube and look up videos on how to play guitar, why would I ever pay the money that Ubisoft is asking for to learn to play guitar? The reason is that the lessons are guided very well and they work to make sure that you understand each lesson before passing you though the lesson. Unlike the first Rocksmith where they kind of haphazardly chucked you into a lesson and made you learn as quick as you can, Rocksmith 2014 steps you up along so you don't feel instantly overwhelmed like you could in the first Rocksmith. As I moved through the lessons in Rocksmith 2014, I never found a flaw with the lessons.The other major learning tool in Rocksmith 2014 is ""Learn a Song"" mode. This mode works similarly to the first Rocksmith game, without the annoying menu system where they tried to make it like Guitar Hero. The game will strip the songs down to bare bones and slowly step up the difficulty of the song until you are playing the song as you'd play it. If there is a section of the song that you are having trouble with, Rocksmith 2014 includes a mode called ""Riff Repeater"" where you can isolate certain sections of songs and actually slow the speed of the song down. The controls for this mode are a little odd and clumsy at first, but once you get it down you can really isolate problem areas of songs that you can't seem to get right (the chorus of War Ensemble). The game does a good job of figuring out if you can master the song easily and will step up the difficulty quickly. I found Blitzkrieg Bop on the bass to be super easy and buy the 4th time through in ""Learn a Song"" mode, the game was already giving it to me at the highest difficulty.The playing guitar mode for the game is mostly the ""Score Attack"" and ""Session Modes"" of the game. ""Score Attack"" gives you a Guitar Hero-esque mode that I found to be just ok. I didn't see much point to using that mode unless you had already mastered the song in ""Learn a Song"" mode. The real highlight of Rocksmith 2014 to me was the ""Session Mode"". This lets you take either your guitar or bass and pick out a band of all kinds of instruments and tones of instrument from Heavy Metal guitars to Toy Pianos. There's a lot of fun in this mode to create a bizarre ""band"" and just mess around on the instrument. The biggest problem with this mode is that it really seemed to be the most fun when you were playing lead guitar. There's something nice about being about to play an infinite length guitar solo without the other members of your band getting mad at you. I couldn't really find a place to play rhythm guitar with the pre-recorded instruments and it just wasn't as much fun with bass.The messing around on guitar modes are mostly the ""Guitarcade"" modes. These very from being very fun (and practical to learn something) to just being infuriating and bad. A couple of the games in particular, Dawn of the Chordead, and Scale Racer were very fun and drew you in. I feel like not only do I have fun, but I also learn something from playing them. Other games like the string skipping game and the volume game and the duck game (I don't remember the names of them) suffered from being unfun and generally not enjoyable.Is the game worth the money? Yes. It's a bit expensive, but you will learn about playing rock guitar. There isn't as much in the way of any other genre (country, bluegrass, pop, classical) though, so if you don't like rock music, you won't learn to play what you want to play. I will leave with one caution though. The game seems like it is made for dual humbucker guitars. I have an HSS Stratocaster and the game has trouble recognizing any pickup set up except if I use just the humbucker with the volume and tone turned all the way up. This isn't terrible but it makes the tone crafting modes a bit moot and will occastionally cause the game to think you are playing the wrong note."
76561198070182672,Recommended,221680,12321109,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Guitar Lord Kryss,This can be a lot of fun and is an awesome way to enhance your playing with the jam sessions/guitar scales section.    Definately recommend to people who want to learn some songs and get better at the guitar or bass.
76561198021964460,Recommended,221680,12530640,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,TAO,"I am very happy with the game- guitar rehearsal session program as a relatively new concept.My negative views are:- learning section has many bugs.- the program must have an integrated pitch shifter for the songs in different keys.- session mode should have a ""non-smart mode"" namely should continue to play even we stop playing.- session mode scale practices should be more targeted in addition to full-free style.- need more content. Both song-wise and music style-wise. You should release Flamenco pack, elobarate jazz pack.- songs should have their guitar tracks completely  mutable or adjustable.- different bass-drum backings should be added for session mode."
,Recommended,221680,12519729,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Doomsday2028,amazing to keep your skills & learn fundamentals but since guitar is everchanging a book nor game can teach everything but it's better than everybook combined for a lot cheaper
76561198056720364,Recommended,221680,12473771,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,ppett9,The game itself is fantastic. but the songs can get a bit anoying but thats just me not playing very well but im slowly getting there.all in all its a great way to learn and you dont need to pay a tutor so its a win for me
,Recommended,221680,12606109,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,AustinLove,once you figure out how to do the work around and get custom songs into your dlc folder than this game opens up to loads of possible songs to learn
76561198035176876,Recommended,221680,11826502,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Squirrel Girl...For Real,"Uplay account is OPTIONAL...10/10 Best Ubisoft Game!Seriously, though, as a moderately experienced bassist and a huge fan of classic/progressive rock, this is a great way to get started and/or brush up on techniques...definitely worth a buy!"
,Recommended,221680,11812962,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,BZKING,"had this on ps3 and it was awesome :D. On this verion sometimes the fps drops at fast parts. If your gona get this game, play it on the consoles if you can otherwise this is good too :)."
76561198052652653,Recommended,221680,11814214,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Liniear,I just really like playing this game and attempting to play my favorite songs :D.
76561198067954194,Recommended,221680,11168201,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Silver,widdly widdly wah
76561197970369393,Recommended,221680,11087914,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ænima,Finally got this working..... After numerous emails to UBISOFT support which offered no help and scouring the net I finally got the lead to install. By going into device manager and uninstalling all failed hidden devices and reinserting the lead it finally installed. I have to say I am not dissapointed with the game/training aid. It does seem a bit like rockband or guitar hero but when you get into it its not its all about the right notes and the fact that the notes you play differ every time until you really learn the song keeps you on your toes and keeps you going back    Brilliant apart from the fact its an UBI product
76561197980805481,Recommended,221680,10870361,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MaXXGamer,"Rocksmith 2014 makes the Rocksmith even better. I've been playing guitar for years, but I think with Rocksmith people are able to learn playing guitar right from the start. Even for people who are playing guitar for a bit, it is possible to improve their skill with this game. I think it is a great way to learn new songs.The guitararcade is a nice way to learn and train techniques and it is fun to.Rocksmith 2014 is a must have for everyone who wants to learn playing guitar and for everyone who loves playing games and is playing guitar."
,Recommended,221680,10990107,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,=TRR= Awesomer,"So I've owned an Ibanez for about 5 years now.  Haven't really touched it.  Honestly, I was most intemidated by the constant tuning I had to do on the guitar with the learning curve of chords and reading tabs.  The beginner interface walks you right through all of that.  When you switch songs, if a re-tune is needed, it walks you through it.  I love the fact that it goes slow and simple at first.  Then it amps it up as you get better.  Then it takes it back and offers you directions between songs on the parts you are having trouble with.  Sends you to the proper lessons when a new technique is being used or a new chord has showed up.  I know I'm actually learning an instrument, but it still feels like I'm playing a game.  As a 5 year owner of a guitar with very little skills with the axe, this game gives me the confidence to learning what I've been procrastinating for a while now."
76561197991958994,Recommended,221680,10992039,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zombie Jesus 4,"The menu's are poorly designed and annoying, and it can be kinda buggy at times (""restart song"" will just ""resume"" song, you'll randomly lose all your effects and just be playing a clean tone until you restart the game, sometimes the game will just hang on the loading screen, etc.  Stupid stuff.).  All that said, it's still an AWESOME game and way worth 60 bucks to learn to play guitar.  I've sunk about 400 hours into both rocksmiths combined and have learned several songs by heart, as well as honing several different techniques.  The 2014 game is actually really good at teaching you, detecting your strengths and weaknesses, and giving you assignments based on them."
,Recommended,221680,11058484,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Archer,A great example of how technology can be used to improve real life skills. I find this making me a better bass player even after a decade of experience.
76561198048933604,Recommended,221680,11061407,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Seppe-Sai,From someone who has been playing bass and guitar for years this is one of easiest ways to learn. It may not have many new lessons for experienced players but the minigames make practice fun.
,Recommended,221680,11072841,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Too Dumb to Eat Pretzels,play gtr
,Recommended,221680,11076545,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Frodo Biggins,Great learning tool
,Recommended,221680,11077200,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kram,"Great game really fun to play ive played the guitar before rocksmith, fun for beginners and people that can already play the guitar. Also if you get bored playing the same songs and DLCs you can always go tohttp://customsforge.comand download a CDLC like some Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath, Asking Alexandria, Bring Me The Horizon, Metallica and so much more. if so here is a link on how to add the CDLCs to rocksmith. Have fun :)LINK:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE0l5He5i_M"
,Recommended,221680,11068364,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,kongtimm,"I am not a professional musician, and probably never will be.  But I think this game has the potential to help people learn quickly and achieve a high level of skill, with enough practice.  I have purchased self-paced lessons from other companies over the years, and have learned more with a few days of this game than the rest of them.Rocksmith's overall style and song play is like Guitar Hero and Rock Band, but there is only so much you can do with five buttons (both latter games).  I love that a real instrument is used in this game.  It's analog so you don't have to worry about compatibility, and so far it's been very reliable with both of my guitars.  Might be cool if they add microphone capability for an acoustic guitar someday...I enjoyed the original Rocksmith very much.  But like many other reviews I've read, I found the UI a little convoluted, and it took many clicks or keys to access different lessons, songs, games, or the store.  This 2014 version is VERY different, in a good way.  All of those things are right up front in the main menu, with shallow submenus, all of which are quick and responsive.  This game occupies about 6GB of storage and 4 GB RAM, and has never crashed on me.They really fleshed out the lessons section compared to the original.  A lot more music theory, with full-video instruction and ample practice.  The main song performance section analyzes your skill and adapts up or down on the fly throughout the song without extra screen stuff surrounding the play area, as the original Rocksmith does.  One of the new games instead seems more similar to GH/RB in that you first choose your difficulty level and stay there throughout the song, you try for a high score, you have a multiplier, and you can fail.  Both games have a Master Mode, wherein no notes are displayed on screen.  Ouch.Well done, Ubisoft."
,Recommended,221680,9792431,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Fuma,Melhor método para aprender guitarra ou baixo.
,Recommended,221680,9690388,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Juke Nukem,"to anyone who plays, or would like to play! It's a must"
,Recommended,221680,9926055,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,dubs360,"Great way to pick up Electric Guitar, Bass or a combination of both. Makes learning basics fun, and before you know it, you can keep up with stuff you thought was WAAAAAY beyond your ability just days or weeks before."
76561198120445123,Recommended,221680,9940665,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Pxxn,"Great game but really hard to make it run.Crashed to window problem found.Fixed by uninstalling multi-effector sound editor driver.Now, Works really great. I really enjoy the lesson and the arcade mode.Feels good to use the real guitar as the controller."
,Recommended,221680,9904600,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,The Clown under the Bed,"2014 is an incrimental improvement over the previous version.The instructional portions are interesting and fun and the song learning tools are well put together.I do sort of miss the idea of some sort of a career track ala Rock Band and others of that ilk, but I understand the idea that this is a learning tool, and not a game.Like most folks posting on the forums regarding the DLC offerings, I'd prefer some harder offerings. But I also understand how licensing works. Perhaps now that the Guitar Hero and Rock Band licenses are expiring, or being dropped, we'll start to see some of that content. Until then, I'm pretty happy learning from what was included in the first two versions of this program."
,Recommended,221680,9906984,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,wgren,"Improves on the first game in just about every way. Less buggy, more songs, more technique lessons, more game modes, no longer an “audience” consisiting of 5 girls copy pasted into a crowd of a hundred – all in a few second long animation loop of sexy dancing and acting like they are turned on. Downsides – UbiDRM (sigh) is there but usually unobtrusive. I had their servers down once when I really wanted to play, annoying but not enough to rage about….yet. It feels like I’m learning to play for real, I’m starting to hit most of the notes and even a few chords on the easier songs. But when I listen to the playback it sounds terrible, few notes sounds “clean”. So I should probably practice with an amp outside the game, maybe also get a better guitar."
,Recommended,221680,9564429,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Max Effect,"Awesome. At first I was like ""damn, another guitar-hero?"" but it has nothing to do with plastic toy guitars. Its all about rock! It has a lot of things to offer even to a experienced guitar player (you will notice it especially, when you look at statistics) and a novice both. P.S. You can make your guitar sound like whatever you want, and you dont need anything. Beatles? Yes, please. The Who? Of course. Green Day, ADTR, Metallica and so on. And it sounds perfect.Only one bad thing about R2014: BUGS. Lots of them. Still mustbuy."
,Recommended,221680,9590207,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Brangwen,This is not a game.  This is a way of making practising fun.  HIGHLY recommended but be aware that it is NOT a game :)  It is really very good at encouraging guitar practise and the lessons are quite nicely packed in as well.
76561198017967643,Recommended,221680,9596633,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Last Leg 23,"Almost 100 hours of playing this game.  As a guitar game, it doesn't get any better than this."
,Recommended,221680,9603482,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Chrispea,"Great game! Easily worth it. However songs lack variety, there's no Folk, no blues, no roots... just various genres of rock and metal. I guess that's to be expected from a game called ROCKsmith but I was sad that I only enjoyed 2 songs from the entire list and the DLC follows the same trend. Rgeardless it's a lot of fun to play."
,Recommended,221680,9337837,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,jack_the_BOSS,"Really good learning tool that can be pretty fun at times, too. I learned a lot more in two weeks of this game than I did in the first year of owning and staring blankly at my guitar. Would recommend."
,Recommended,221680,9449664,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,NotYourKIm,I think that this game is a lot of fun I just recently beat the scale warriors minigame and now am moving on to the chord game. I would highly recommend this game to any guitar player or someone looking to pick up the guitar.
,Recommended,221680,9536750,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,4rknova,"Overall: 10 / 10Rocksmith is a nearly flawless practicing tool, featuring a diverse playlist that covers a broad range of different styles. The lessons are great for beginners but also useful for intermediate players who want to brush up their technique. Moreover, the difficulty level will dynamically scale to match the player's skills. A selection of mini games and challenges which will help players focus on specific skills and rank amongst each other, is available in arcade mode. Highly recommended for guitar/bass enthusiasts of all levels."
,Recommended,221680,9504086,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mthed,Great tool for learning the guitar and bass
,Recommended,221680,9555910,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Rellen,Improves over pretty much every aspect of the original Rocksmith. The definitive version!
76561198025970869,Recommended,221680,9571183,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,dsap,"This game is good game. It is slight misnomer it is not really a video game except it is. If you want to learn how to play a guitar, Rocksmith will teach you how to play a guitar. Before rocksmith I did not know how to play guitar now I know how to play guitar. All my friends say, you play guitar? and I say yes I learned it from video games. This is a lie, I would say these things but I don't have any friends. Sometimes I pretend to have friends in the shower when I am talking to myself, and thats the type of thing I would say to those friends. Also if you want some custom DLC for rocksmith there is loads out there but you just need to google it."
76561198013051652,Recommended,221680,11703600,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Airman1102,"How can I begin to rate this game...THIS IS THE BEST WAY TO LEARN GUITAR, period.Rocksmith has given me so much joy in the past couple of years that its hard to compose my thoughts on it!Recommending this to people who don't play guitar is probably my highest priority! I'll say it again: THIS IS THE BEST WAY TO LEARN GUITAR. If you ever had any interest in playing guitar this is the perfect game for you!!If you already play guitar then this game just takes a litte bit to get used to. Its basically like reading tabs. Also the Session Mode is a blast if you like soloing or improvising!Sadly if you want more songs to play you have to buy them in dlcOverall rating9/10-Airman1102"
76561198023962733,Recommended,221680,11756884,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Snoofy,Great game for beginners.
,Recommended,221680,11759119,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Cap'n Jack Sparrow,"For the longest time, the only way to play RS'14 was with Uplay; and Uplay sucks. If you haven't seen my review on the original Rocksmith, take a look. This game is largely the same but is more polished, much easier to navigate, the music and DLC is MUCH better, and the training tools are far improved. Definitely worth getting if you wanted to learn guitar, but don't have access to a good teacher. I would not call RS'14 a game, it's a training tool. It's hard, it's mostly unforgiving, but it's worth it."
76561198086724713,Recommended,221680,11769362,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Just Die!,It's realy awesome!!!
,Recommended,221680,11731910,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,elastictic,"Basically moving tabs. If you like Guitar Hero and you play guitar, this is your game. Super useful for learning songs."
76561198038445577,Recommended,221680,30484958,Posted: 12 March,all,Blunt Force,"I LOVE THIS GAME!! Wish they'd throw some 7 string guitar and 5 string bass in, but over all great game to learn."
76561198001935234,Recommended,221680,11567643,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,THE OFFICIAL BITCH TORCH™,BEFORE ©OCKSMITH I NO PLAY MUSICALES INSTRUMENTS.NOW I PLAY THEM PRETTY BAD.10/10 GREAT GAME.
76561198040347577,Recommended,221680,11671796,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,scropioczn,Very handful to help you step into electric guitar (I haven't tried bass yet). Highly recommend.
76561197965486368,Recommended,221680,12696642,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Beef Whiskers,"Awesome game. Really well made and an extremely useful learning tool. If you start from scratch (no previous skills) I recommend seeking additional/supplemental learning resources, but this game will make you play for hours and before you know it holding a guitar/strumming/picking/hitting notes will be like second nature to you.A definite buy whether you just want to learn guitar or if you already know how to play but want to expand stylistically/give yourself a fun way to practice"
76561198024484419,Recommended,221680,12685944,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Madruben,Awesome!!!!I don`t know if you can learn with this program as I`m not so keen on Guitar.  But It`s an excellent way to excercise your fingers while having a good time playing the music you like and stop for a while the routine of most guitar lessons.
,Recommended,221680,11976608,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Daniil T,I had played Rocksmith before and when i heard that RockSmith 2014 will be released i was so excited. I think it is the best way to learn how to play a guitar.
,Recommended,221680,12649376,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Xenocide,If you like Guitar and Good Music you'll like this game.
76561198020852201,Recommended,221680,12651311,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,FuglyVirgin,LOVE IT!
76561198001986186,Recommended,221680,12651321,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Urn Reel Moni,"The guitar teaching tool I have been waiting for. Guitar Hero with a guitar, the ability to replay parts at varying speeds, technique lessons and games, and custom DLC available on top of the paid DLC. What is not to like?"
76561198130030692,Recommended,221680,12835434,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Tyrel,best game for guitar playing
,Recommended,221680,10936842,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Scoot,Wish there was a little more variety in songs (ie. more metal) but still a super fun game. Definitely getting me back into guitar. The Guitarcade games are a lot of fun and good practice as well.Would definitely recommend this game to anyone trying to learn or get back into guitar.
,Recommended,221680,10943527,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,signal,a good game
,Recommended,221680,10946372,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Dav3,"Perhaps not the best way to learn guitar by most standards, but Rocksmith is fun, engaging and really encourages you to actually learn to play an instrument.With Rocksmith, you play with a real guitar (Careful, you will need a seaparate cable) and you can either focus on Rhythm or Lead guitar.The more you play, the more Rocksmith starts increasing the difficulty, until it eventually removes the notes from the screen and allows you to just play the song you've learnt.The song selection is great (Though there are a lot of expansion packs available to increase your song library too) and Rocksmith 2 just seems to flow a lot better than it's predecessor."
76561198039957302,Recommended,221680,10690290,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Motila,"This is just my review for the first 2 hours.  Great improvement.   The original had a few thing missing that would have made it great, 2014 filled alot of those holes.   First off, thank you Rocksmith for adding the chord book, it is basic but exposes the seekers to a glimphs of the depth of chords.  Second the playing songs area is much better, mostly to the showing of bits of the song, much more comprehensible.   I like the back up band options in free play, they follow pretty well.   I was worried that it wasn't going to be much of an improvement from Rocksmith but, I think that is well worth it."
76561197977895317,Recommended,221680,12690135,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,NightShadow,Far better then the original in every way
76561198013093436,Recommended,221680,19293176,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,TerraNuke,"wanna leanr how to play guitar while having fun, this is the game for U."
,Recommended,221680,19387500,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,gotchu fam,"Even though I know how to play a guitar and a bass guitar, this game still tells me I am wrong. And I guarantee you, you can learn some of the hard songs in just days."
,Recommended,221680,19381178,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,[SS] ♦ 13τh ♦ [SS],Great game i totally recomend it.  but unfortunatly for some reason it no longer works with my pc.   It worked just fine then just stoped.  was looking forward to jam too.   Please fix thanks
,Recommended,221680,19566381,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Forty1UP,"If you've ever wanted to play the guitar you really should pick up this game. Using this, the only thing that will keep you from being a rock star is how much time and effort you put in.The game comes with some great tracks and new songs are released just about every Tuesday so the library is constantly growing. If you've got the original Rocksmith the majority of those songs can be imported into 2014 (if you also get the import tool)  So you can play them without having to load the original game. Any DLC purchased for the original Rocksmith will also work in 2014.I've been playing this on and off since the original Rocksmith was released and I can actually play some songs. I won't get any gigs, but that's more on me than the Rocksmith series.I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to learn how to play an axe. Get it and get shredding!"
76561198154046876,Recommended,221680,19576948,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Beef Supreme,Crazy fun game. It always puts me in a good mood. very challenging content with many modes of play.
,Not Recommended,221680,19489853,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Salty Silvers,"All DLC is too expensive, songs are broken especially Prayer of the Refugee by Rise Against. Also game destroys my audio. my mic doesnt work after playing and i have to restart my computer every time after playing it. If you wanna learn guitar the wrong way, look no further"
76561198031363613,Recommended,221680,19526676,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Rock Sound,A great way to practice new songs with professional feedback.
,Recommended,221680,19502617,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,๖ۣۜNĢ-Đj ڴynaptiҚ,"i love this game in the 14 / 15 years ive owned a guitar, i have never learned so much and only in about 4 weeks"
76561198004010645,Recommended,221680,19427939,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Cookie Monster,Great 'game'.  I just can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,221680,19869840,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Kamikaze-X,"this is a fantastic game and is great for getting out of a rut when learning to play guitar. However, it doesn't really teach you songs- it does improve your technique but even after playing through songs a few times I still find it difficult to play them outside the game. Traditional tab and a metronome does a better job of helping you build up your reportoire."
76561197994538694,Recommended,221680,19849747,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,LuciFeR,k
76561198031996744,Recommended,221680,19848530,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Korashk,"This game further refines the concepts in the original Rocksmith,  a game I already loved.  I'd recommend this to anyone interested in learning to play."
76561198016734055,Recommended,221680,19938666,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,PungRotten N7,Best game Ever and it will teach you all you need to now to play guitar :)
76561198148392824,Recommended,221680,19935911,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,fenomen113,It's just one of the best ways to learn guitar songs and is so much fun. It keeps you stuck to your guitar until you learn the song to perfection.
76561198100226740,Recommended,221680,19921053,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Gin Rummy,revived my intrest in my bass and guitar!
,Recommended,221680,7496092,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Silverscorpio,This version is so much better than the previous version. The only pain is the tuner than is very sensitive. A must buy for any person interrested.
76561198035380308,Recommended,221680,19915842,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,reaperfunk,I kinda treat this like Karaoke for Bass.  I have never learned to play any musical instrument and this allows me to feel like I am playing in a band.  I dont know if I am actually learning to play as that was not my goal but I can see how it is a good tool to use to practice
,Recommended,221680,20020563,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nirvana,Ball is lifeMore likeGuitar is life......Just buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game
76561197982973000,Recommended,221680,20018585,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,MarDyl13,Good Game
,Recommended,221680,20053787,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Antonic,Good game if your trying to learn from an intermediate level but if your a begginer i suggest getting a teacher because it will be way harder from a game to learn then using a teacher and the teacher can help you with your mistakes. this game is good if your just playing to play and now starting off for the first time at the instrument. sucks how expensive each song is but great for having fun and jamming out!
,Recommended,221680,20041133,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dan is Friend,"Boy oh boy, I sure did learn how to slappa da bass. And some other things too. 11/10- would recomend."
76561198137468959,Recommended,221680,20225380,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,CringingCrit,"Great! I recommend this game to anyone who wants to learn guitar or bass. I have learned many new tips and stuff like that. This one game helps you learn guitar faster rather taking actual guitar lessons; Which are expensive I must say. Any electric guitar or bass will work (electric acoustic works, but I would not recommend it). DLC is a bit pricey, usually around two dollars per song. Has a fun thing called ""session mode"" where you can jam with large selection of instruments of your choice. Although the game is meant to be played with guitar, In session mode only, I have used my keyboard and my electric ukulele a few times in this game mode (Yes, electric ukuleles exist). If you're planning on using a Floyd Rose guitar to play the game, (locking tuners) I would unbolt the screws on the fretboard and play the game like that. You will constantly change the tuning of your instrument. The game will make a song harder or easier depending on your accuracy in each section. So don't think things like ""I suck at guitar so I can not play this game"". It will work at your level. Get this game if you want to learn guitar or bass, it will be a huge help. Even if you know how to play already. It is still a fun game to play!"
76561198260426504,Recommended,221680,20275246,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,STEVE BOSS UK,"Im very new to Rocksmith, this being my first version of the software. I am impressed so far and have already achieved some very basic playing ability in just a few days.My only complaint about the software is the lack of option to change the sound card. I have a very powerful pc with 2 sound cards and the software only seems to want to latch to the very basic usb sound card and not the one I want it to point to being a multi chanel card with extreemly low latancy. The usb sound card copes but I do get some level of crackling from time to time and I am sure if I could redirect the output sound to my pro studio card this would be resolved. Apart from that I love it and I am learning to play very quickly....."
76561198016564197,Recommended,221680,20280361,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Popo,"Lots of fun, works great on Windows 10 too. Very user friendly yet challenging. Don`t forget to buy the cable!"
,Recommended,221680,20278042,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,c.,This is the kind of game I see myself uninstalling during midterms. Nuff said.
,Recommended,221680,18704528,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,the funkle,good if you wanna learn songsyou don't learn any theory thoughyoud think with the hours and the frequency at which i play this game id actually be good at guitarhaha no
,Recommended,221680,20268643,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,metalpuppywolf666,"I've liked this game so far. There are some things I don't like, like the fact that some of the songs on DLCs or songs theirselves are arrangements instead of the real thing. Not all of them but I'm saying some of them. One of my friends that never played the guitar before was encouraged by this game and thanks to it I'm able now to help him with this ""music teacher"" so my thumbs up goes for this game."
76561197983531801,Recommended,221680,20160561,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Piet the Banana Man,"I must say I simply love this game. It has helped improve my guitar playing tremendously especially with lead, there are plenty of DLC out there. I find the Rock Smith ""tabs"" to be accurate and of varying degrees of difficulty. I do advise you check the DLC tab out on you tube first to see how the song is structured and if its in the tuning you wish to play the song etc (E standard, Drop D etc as it is incredibly irritating to constantly retune your guitar for different song tunings all the time if you only have one guitar). I personally only buy DLC in E standard and Drop D. Perhaps one-day Ill start exploring the restOne thing I do not like about the game however is the built in amp (or true tones as they refer to them). It is very important to hear what you play and to hear your mistakes. I find the game tends to ""hide"" mistakes if the music is set at 100% as it overpowers the in game amp. I advise you buy a splitter cable / jack (or have one made at your music shop). Male connector plugs into the guitar, the Rock Smith cable then plugs into the one end of your splitter (female side) and your cable to your amp into the other end (female as well). Then turn off the guitar sound in the game completely. You lose the true tones but who cares. The music still plays with the tab as normal but you hear your guitar sound through your amp and not the game. If you make mistakes you can hear them clearly, much better to learn the songs to eventually play outside of Rock SmithAll in all a brilliant game, highly recommended. Another useful tool out there to enhance your playing"
76561198089896318,Recommended,221680,24261782,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,OrangeBanana,"Its a great tool to use while learning guitar. I feel from what ive played so far is that it allows you to learn at your own pace, but it doesnt teach you technique well enough, the self levelup system when practicing is a great feature but it likes to throw way more than your ready for far to quickly. Its worth using if you want to learn at your own pace and you will only get out what you put into it. It only makes learning more fun. Not easier."
,Recommended,221680,11179524,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,fmerell,"While not a complete learning tool there's no question you will learn faster, especially you'll get started faster on the guitar than with regular alternatives. And you'll have amazing fun while doing so. Some of the most fun I've had in years. Years ago, but still a fun time.Looking at how popular rhythm games still are I’m sure that this game will be fun for you even if you aren’t directly interested in learning to play the guitar per say. Though since you will need to get a guitar it’s a quite pricey controller for a game."
,Recommended,221680,27293501,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Buster Bluth,"its the best thing ever so i nominated it for ""the best thing ever"" award. because its the best thing ever."
,Recommended,221680,27534884,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sjokkoman,Without a doubt one of the easiest and most entertaning ways to learn to play bass and guitar.
,Recommended,221680,27576004,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,N1ksuu シ,You can learn to play guitar easily.
,Recommended,221680,27574446,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✪ rB,Awesome Game everyone should plays this when u are interested in guitars
76561198132103100,Recommended,221680,27761743,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chessboy353,Probably one of the best games I've ever played. Very accurate and very fun!
,Recommended,221680,27761866,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Midnight,"This game removes some of the biggest frustrations a beginner guitar player might experience. You don't have to fiddle with your gear and effects for hours just to get that sound in that particular song, don't have to read through tabs and search on the internet to find out which song uses which specific technique (that makes it sound so cool!). Just plug and play.It won't make you a guitar virtuosso on its own but damn if it isn't fun. And if you're one of those eternal beginners (like me) then this might just get you over that frustration hump that prevents you from getting better at guitar.It's not often I find myself procrastinating on other games by playing a guitar, but hey, this game managed it somehow."
76561198057936111,Recommended,221680,27714943,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Joe,If you own a guitar and thinking about buying this game go for it.
,Recommended,221680,27554929,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CouP,learning to play with songs that you is just fun!
76561197972525220,Recommended,221680,27555875,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Buracus,"Love rocksmith, it is the best way to quickly learn new songs and play along to your favourite tracks.The lessons are a little light so it's not a full blown course but it'll get you playing and practicing loads as it's so much fun."
,Recommended,221680,27969970,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,"Alex ""Don't Worry About It™ Ad45",If you want to learn how to play guitar or just play along to some cool songs this is a great game
,Recommended,221680,27991120,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Krazy_Kaptain,Really fun way to learn how to play guitar. Very satisfying being able to play a song you listen to
,Recommended,221680,31307676,Posted: 22 April,all,Lollibirdy,"The game itself is very fun and informative, ive only been messing around on guitar and this has helped tremendously. It has a plethora of songs you can get from DLC to suit anyones music taste which is a very good feature to have to keep people interested in learning the instrument.I do have a few gripes though; these may be me doing something wrong as i am brand new at the instrument, but i think its the game.  I am currently using an sg g-400 guitar, before that i used a cheapo fender squire. On BOTH guitars it has an issue picking up what note im playing on the low E string. Its usually when it asks me to play something thats on the 2nd or 3rd fret that i have this issue, but its there nonetheless.Also, the lessons, a fantastic learning tool and i thank the developers for obviously working hard in that field, but unfortunately, its not perfect. As of right now the biggest ""problem child"" of them all for me has been palm mutes. Palm mutes are something ive known, and i think everyone can pick up a guitar and do them, but in the lesson it constantly tells me im not palm muting and its ridiculously annoying.All in all though, these are the only 2 problems ive personally had with this game, the 'learn a song' section is a blast that takes each song step by step. The riff repeater is a god send. guitarcade helps you learn fundementals without you even realizing youre learning.Id recommend this to any beginner serious about learning guitar.P.S. it'd be cool if we could somehow upload tabs of our own songs for other people to play...just a thought :)"
76561197971746197,Recommended,221680,31263323,Posted: 20 April,all,The Feminist =[(>*<)]= LGTBQ,I found the skill development parts to be more effective than trying to learn a single song. Primarily because if you score too low then it goes back to reducing the notes used. I think it would be worth the cost if it was able to assess you know the notes but maybe can not go as fast as it wants you to. The mini games that get you to practice scales and chords are simple and effective. I think this is what is worth it for Rocksmith. I would recommend it but as mentioned the msrp would best if it was at least $30 canadian. Anything higher and you may find yourself demanding more for the money.
76561198063035830,Recommended,221680,31322133,Posted: 23 April,all,ifergot,"Magnificent tool for learning real guitar. I used to enjoy playing (and I mean ""play"" as in pretend) Guitar Hero and Rockband with my kids; now that I and my merry band of Wookies have real guitars and bass and can coax actual notes from our gear, it's hands-down the most fun we've ever had with a video game. Well, maybe a close second to the Mario Kart franchise. But you get my meaning. Tons of songs available and something that will appeal to everybody's musical tastes. Plus the awesome ability to introduce the next generation of shredders to giants of the industry like Bob Marley, Queen, the Stones, and SRV/Double Trouble. Highly recommended, though my daughter wishes there were more classic female leads, so a greater selection of songs from Heart, Janis Joplin, Joan Jett, etc were available (yes, she owns what's available and both Jefferson Airplane/Grace Slick DLCs)."
76561198029983789,Recommended,221680,31211177,Posted: 17 April,all,Hamismygender,Doesn't allow you to start with a 7 string. I only have a 7 string guitar so I'm out of luck right now.
,Recommended,221680,31215881,Posted: 18 April,all,Deevo #Clownfiesta,This game changed my life for the better and refuled an old passion. Buy it.
,Recommended,221680,7670960,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,DensitY,Fantastic practice tool for those wanting to learn the Guitar.Song selection might be a little weak depending on your tastes. But the entire package is very strong. Session mode is something else!
,Recommended,221680,29281894,Posted: 15 January,all,Sam Hyde,"At first I bought this game just to use as an amp, but ever since I bought the Cherub Rock song on the marketplace, I've been downloading just about every song from all of my favorite bands from customs forge. Buying the Cherub Rock DLC gives you access to download custom DLC songs that the community has made to work with Rocksmith (Plus, the song is only $3). So, if you like Metallica, they've got just about every single song they've put out since 1983.Other than Custom songs, this game has helped me a lot with learning guitar and bass techniques, and it should help you if you're a beginner or if you just play regularly.But seriously, get the Cherub Rock DLC, it's the best investment you'll make on here."
76561198148002742,Recommended,221680,32833414,Posted: 26 June,all,jjlee,great and fun game
,Recommended,221680,24038651,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Wolfa,Absolutley brilliant game/teaching method. I think if you are just starting out (like me) or a veteran this offers soo much from learning new songs to being able to muck around with all the tones/sounds etc and i reckon the free mode session would be awesome for advanced players writing their own music... plus guitarcade is just cool
76561197962721376,Not Recommended,221680,24037106,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lochmacher,"Did not work with Ubisoft Real Tone cable.  Have played similar in the past, but support for this issue was attrocious and drivers are PnP only; you cannot DL and manually install to troubleshoot, but are stuck with their ""may or may not"" work with your computer's USB ports.Otherwise, the series is fun and I have enjoyed it on other systems."
76561198069998037,Recommended,221680,23935214,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ah Pukuh,"After having received my cable and finally being able to play the game, it's pretty impressive. It does a great job of assessing how much to throw at you and then gradually incredasing the level of difficulty. There are many tutorials and minigames to help you learn and break up some of the monotony. The suggested activities help introduce new skills and techniques at an appropriate pace, and if you'd rather just play the song over and over instead, that's an option too.I have a much smaller problem with the cost of the DLC than I do the cable as well, song licenses cost money, so when you think about that coupled witht he effort of gamifying each song, the price seems pretty fair.I'm changing this to recommended, but I'm still very upset about the required cable. The game itself  great so far.-----------------------------------------------• original review •I understand the financial reasons to require an overpriced ($45.99 USD) cable, but there is no logistical reason to not allow this to work with a proper audio interface. The store page does not state that the Real Tone Cable is the ONLY way to connect your guitar and that other normal/better ways simply will not work. I've tried many different ways of routing the audio, nothing even registers.Another cashgrab by Ubisoft, go figure. Once I'm actually able to play this game, I'll update my review and decide if I can recommend it. As of now, I cannot.If anyone has a workaround for OSX 10.11.5, I'd appreciate it. I've looked and found nothing."
,Recommended,221680,22690576,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,evil_son98,"yeah i learned more than i ever had from guitar tabs from tabsultimate.comand i learned walk this way by aerosmith faster than that tabs site could ever dowe need some more dlc like GnR ACDC brian as a singer, slash, mötley crue dlc ll, thunder mother would be cool, nickelback, ozzy osbourne, the sleeping, and many more"
76561198074333428,Recommended,221680,22822821,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Sabantien,"I started teaching myself guitar using videos and tutorials online. No doubt I picked up a few bad habits too.I saw Rocksmith come out a few years back and ended up getting it on my PS3. At the time I just plugged my acoustic guitar in and away I went. When 2014 came out I got the included Epiphone Les Paul Junior.Gotta say, I really enjoy this game. It most definitely has helped me improve my playing, and I'm sure if you were strict with following its instructions and played every day it really could teach you to play.Sure, there's a whole lot you just can't pick up by playing along to a video game, but it's going to help you with techniques, and also get you to a place where you can start improving. It doesn't pretend to be everything, it IS just a game, but it's one I keep coming back to.There's a  heap of DLC, and it keeps expanding. You can even request songs (none of mine have come up yet, but not sure how popular aussie bands are going to be).Unsure where you'll find the cable you need to play, I just used the one that came with my PS3 version. And yes, you will need a guitar. Honestly, the cheap guitar is okay, but it can struggle to hold tune and as you move down the fret, it starts losing accuracy. I find I sometimes need to play the wrong note to get it sounding right. You get what you pay for with guitars, but a cheapie is probably a great start to make sure you are going to play the game a lot."
,Recommended,221680,22910371,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,g3raboi7,Love this game. Hooked on to it. So much fun. It's best to pair this with Yousician if you are learning guitar.
,Recommended,221680,22911487,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,gul-dan,"This is the best way to combine two of my favorite hobbies!It needs a little getting used to the latency, but it's fun and addicting."
76561198074238021,Recommended,221680,30772899,Posted: 27 March,all,Snuffburglar,"Really enjoying this piece of software! Dynamic mode ftw to always keep you on your toes. The DLC are affordable and are often on sale, plenty to treat yourself with. A couple of things to be aware of: 1. You need to source the Real Tone cable for zero hassle (the PS and Xbox versions work with PC). 2. You need a real guitar to connect the cable to. You see people complaining about that a lot for some reason but it seems somewhat obvious.There is loads of customisable replica amps and pedals to experiment with too and a jamming tool to noodle away to your heart's content.It's a great learning tool to keep you motivated when frustration gets the better of you. They have also added an option to use without the cable using a microphone but I cannot comment on how user friendly this is, so I won't attempt to here.""If you build it, they will come."""
,Recommended,221680,22818490,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,YörükBey,"Very nice game. Surprisingly effective for learning guitar techniques and it is a huge load of fun.But another 40$ for a F♥♥♥♥♥♥ cable.Well it deserved that and there is a warning which says you need that cable,but still you need to spend another 40$ for just a JACK."
,Recommended,221680,22451392,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Yamakasi,I really want to play the game but it keeps BSOD my PC... IT looks awesome....
76561198011364836,Recommended,221680,22403090,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,APE-IronMonkee,"pretty cool , recommend getting if u like to play"
,Recommended,221680,22422425,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,duggiestyle,Surprisingly well done.
,Recommended,221680,22786143,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Foxenderk,"Fun to play, but not good with bass guitars on the lower end."
,Recommended,221680,22868235,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,NinjaPizzaCat,I kind of hate this game and also love it.
,Recommended,221680,22871854,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Mint Berry Crunch!,A quick way to learn guitar techniques and songs. I love it! 10/10
76561197960532914,Recommended,221680,22837775,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,secLusion*,"Without this game I would have never learned how to play guitar. When I initially started I could do absolutely nothing, and now I can play some relatively difficult songs. I don't ever intend to stop playing, thanks devs -- you're geniuses."
76561198242424926,Recommended,221680,22862792,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,burdick_jared,"I was  a day one purchase for Rocksmith a used to it to elevate my playing from very basic cowboy chords to a competent live player. Each piece of the game (arcade, virtual band and song lessons) help to elevate a player. In that, Rocksmith is a raging success.My primary issues rely solely on the technical aspects, those being input lag, lack of splitting capability, re-tuning issues and the game's inability to handle single coil pick ups adequately. The input lag can make learning difficult solos even more difficlut as it can be hard to advance a song when the game simply can't keep up with the speed of notes that are being played. I also don't own guitars with super hot pick ups. My Telecaster has Twisted Tele pups, but being single coiled, it still doesn't register as well as my Les Paul with 59's in it. I have a very cheap parts guitar (SG) that has a terrible pick up, but is very hot and Rocksmith registers it well.The other two issues, splitting and tuning, are hopes for the next generation of Rocksmith. I would love to split my signal (one into the game, the other into my amp) and be able to display the game on the screen and speakers while running through my  amp and pedals at the same time (a stereo amp set up). It would also be nice for the game to pitch shift instead of physically re-tuning. I'm not lazy, but dramatic changes in tuning wear out strings faster and mess with the guitar's intonation. That is why you typically have a guitar set up to a specific tuning or at least re-string based on a tuuning, especially doing some of the full step drops required for the heavier stuff."
76561198119757497,Recommended,221680,22904640,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Lord Eledan,"I played this for a long time on the PS3 (before it died). This is a great tool IF you are willing to stick to it and practice regularly. The goal they set back at release was 60 hours in 60 days and they could have you playing reliably. So far (after a personal reboot), it appears to be working."
76561198030742875,Not Recommended,221680,22745730,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,hiddenwolf213,"Wish I can give it a neutral. I am a self-taught player and this program helped in a few areas but overall makes me want to not play the guitar. I love the slow down feature, here we will slow it down, not telling you what you are doing wrong and try to correct. Hearing that voice over and over is annoying. If you played those guitar hero games it probably be of great help but I tend to use my ears not my eyes."
76561198175459970,Recommended,221680,21008342,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,kmitchell2121,Awesome
,Recommended,221680,22983836,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),This game can teach you how to play the guitar even if you were a novice and it can teach you how to play songs as well.10/10 for guitar players!
,Recommended,221680,20953201,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,T1Jah,Really fun and it works very well. No sync issues however it does have some minor pitch pickyness when you losen the strings. Although this also could be i'm not using the correct gagues for those tunings.
,Not Recommended,221680,20334908,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,✔BキR✧✔,this game is extremely hard to play in the beginning if not comiting dont buy
76561198028936562,Recommended,221680,20940066,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,XxNITRISxX,"If you're serious about picking up guitar, look no further than Rocksmith With Rocksmith you have a teacher at your place. Not only have everything you need to learn to play guitar just need to buy a guitar and start learning. My new goal after i get better at playing is to buy ESP Iron Cross"
,Recommended,221680,20916208,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Scrince,As an incentive to pick up your guitar and play it Rocksmith is outstanding.For us beginners it will teach us HOW to guitar but nothing about WHY.The amount of DLC can seem a tad daunting.But the base game comes with enough content to keep your practice sessions busy for months.
,Recommended,221680,20916723,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,AdrianTrapani,Cable is useful for playing and recording your own music.
,Recommended,221680,7603183,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Stumpus Maximus,"The 2014 version is superior in every way from the original. The menus and loading times are much more streamlined, and everything feels good from a design perspective. Even connecting to uPlay is a non-issue.Learn a Song Mode is likely where most new players are going to spend a lot of their time. This is essentially gamified guitar lessons. There are missions and links to interactive lessons here.Session Mode is probably the biggest new feature; constructing a virtual band that plays along with you... that's just awesome. The variety of instruments and other options is pretty amazing, and you can lose hours just jamming if you aren't keeping track of the time.The Guitarcade feels like it got a lot of love this time around; there's a greater variety of games, and they have a lot more polish than in the original. For those of you that are unfamiliar, the Guitarcade uses familiar ""retro"" style games to teach you guitar techniques.  My one complaint here is that quick replays of games/levels are delayed by the process of posting scores to leaderboards.Score Attack mode essentially turns the game into something akin to Guitar Hero. It's kind of crazy to me that this feature is buried in the Guitarcade area rather than accessible from the main menu, but I guess Rocksmith is pushing the instructional approach over high score achievements (not a bad thing).I'm a little sad they took out the career progression from the original, but the rest of the changes more than make up for it. Nonstop play mode (my favorite) is pretty great for getting your playing fix--it presents a random selection from your library, or a favorites list, and you play for a predefined period of time. Oh, and the Riff Repeater--being able to repeat any section at a comfortable speed/difficulty from anywhere in a song... makes my life so much easier.All in all, I'm really happy with the new version. I highly recommend it if you want to learn to play or even if you already know how. My playing has improved dramatically since I started with the original Rocksmith. Pick up the original and buy the song-transfer DLC for a lot more good songs--it's a good deal."
76561198159205556,Recommended,221680,21104647,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Asmodeus,Im playing guitar for 5 years and ı played classical guitar when ı was a child and ı found rocksmith and it really helps me to practice also session mode is awesome.So you should play this game :D
,Recommended,221680,20281438,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Gut Lord,"If you're interested in transferring out of Guitar Hero/Rock Band commmunity college, this is gonna be your game.If you dont know the formula already: a song plays, colored buttons come flying towards you at the screen, and you play accordingly with your controller.  In Rocksmith's case that controller is an actual electric-guitar and you gradually become familiar with the instrument as you progress through various songs, challenges, games and tutorials.Steam users will need to buy the correct USB cord and (obviously!) a guitar, but guess what??? At least you can use that guitar sans-Rocksmith to play an actual instrument.  Take that, rinky-dink GH/RB peripherals.A few noticeable downsides:- You can't download certain songs from the previous generation of Rocksmith without buying the older version and THEN the accompanying DLC.  In other words...BUY ALL ROCKSMITH PRODUCTS DURING A SALE.  You'll thank your wallet.- Game has a hard time recognizing certain notes, bends, harmonics, tuning-styles, etc.  For instance, you progress through a song based on your performance, starting with a basic ""rendition"" of the song to playing the whole thing note-for-note, but if the game refuses to recognize that you're in-fact playing the corresponding notes, it'll keep you at the same difficulty until you get it ""right"".  I've noticed that any song with E-flat tuning - on both my Strat and Les Paul -  will never yield consistent results.  Prepare to spend a lot of time tuning, dialiing in different combinations of tone and pick-up usage."
76561197975610015,Recommended,221680,21017862,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,FP ECHO 12,"This is awesome! YOU HAVE TO READ UBISOFT'S ARTICLE ON RECOMMENDED PC CONFIGURATION!!! If you don't set this game up correctly, the audio latency will make it practically unplayable."
76561197993566699,Recommended,221680,21117359,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Isen,"This game is totaly awesome, i can learn songs so fast with this thing. It's like playing them while learning them!"
,Recommended,221680,21090939,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Methodis,game is p cool
,Recommended,221680,20799034,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,humanvegetableonline2002,"Adult Guitar Hero.You're going to be really, really bad when you start. Keep going. I'm learn-ding. My hands hurt."
76561198091091467,Recommended,221680,20813260,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Sputnik,It's alright
76561198041818129,Recommended,221680,20815774,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,PuckerFactor11,"Great tool, BUT WHERE IS THE PINK FLOYD?! WHY LEARN GUITAR IF I CAN'T LEARN FROM THE GOD DAVID GILMOUR"
,Recommended,221680,20816121,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Drakeskullnl,*Nods towards the original*
,Recommended,221680,21044025,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,MrRed,can some one link me the cheap cheap place or online store to buy the real tone cable??? why is it so priced up... most places want 60 bucks. please and thanks!!!
76561198149237021,Recommended,221680,21044059,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,myownEulogy,"So they piled the compatable songs in two places just because they like to see our phat assets fit through the extra $9.99 Import Tool door then?I'd ♥♥♥♥♥ less but I need access to delta blues, soul, & swing meterial but they're slacking on the DLCs.""The Black Keys 2"" song collection will have to do even though they don't offer the 1st one on 2014. Anyone know how to get ""Tighten Up""?I'll play it when my $40 cable gets here from china. Here's hoping Windows10 will hold..I wish there was more reference meterial collected in the UI. It would be fantastic to practice popular scales & learn theory."
,Recommended,221680,21000836,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sgt.DogeHarry,"I play piano, harmonica, accordion, a little violin and there is something important missing, mastering the guitar. Rocksmith 2014 made me learn so much faster than ordinary learning and its the real life Guitar Hero! Hundreds of famous rock songs to play and alot of content to teach you how to become a Hendrix on the guitar!"
76561198075000968,Recommended,221680,20996815,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Juan,you can't djent on this game
76561198233772168,Recommended,221680,21127640,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lord Snooty,"I have bought stuff from Steam for many years now and this is by far the best purchase I have made, for the sale price I got it for was just great!  I had the original Rocksmith on the Xbox 360 which was good, this PC 2014 version beats it hands down.  I would easily recommend this."
76561198038736450,Recommended,221680,21139997,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,alividlife,Greatest thing to happen to guitar ... since at LEAST 2014...
76561198030231428,Recommended,221680,22206698,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,2Cool,"Best ""game"" on steam? Possibly."
,Recommended,221680,22276377,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Racer550,I like this game a lot. It is a very fun and enjoyable way to play and learn things on the guitar. The song selection is pretty good. The mini games in guitarcade a lot of fun and multiplayer is pretty excellent. I play this game with my friends in multiplayer while one of us in on bass and the other is on the electric lead or rhythm guitar. I play through amps through splitters which is pretty nice. The note dectecton seems to be pretty good most of the time.Overall it is a very fun game to shred on when you own an electric guitar or a electric bass guitar.
76561198291454141,Recommended,221680,22276617,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,keiraleighrobyndoyley,I can see my progression already despite going from complete beginner to where I am now in such a short period of time. I'd recommend it to any of my friends regardless of how lnog they've been playing for. It's so intuitive and simple but it works.
,Recommended,221680,22241256,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Shikari_Atrayo,"This game is too fun, I feel the blisters coming along and think to myself ""just one more song"", that was an hour or... 3 ago. Thanks for the blisters.But seriously, this is a very good way to learn to play the guitar"
76561198273847719,Recommended,221680,22240523,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,akaalp,Great for playing along with.
,Recommended,221680,22255600,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,starbreiz,Obsessed. I can plug in anywhere I have Steam and mess around when I'm not in the mood to practice for real. SteamSync is my friend.
,Not Recommended,221680,22113063,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Tyrannosaurus,"useless without the cable, which acts as antipiracy, why even sell this on steam?! useless."
,Recommended,221680,18135128,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,El pinche Basi,"Rockband y Guitar Hero se pueden ir al carajo. Ahora tocar guitarra y bajo de verdad es posible, y lo mejor, sin instrumentos de plastico. Ya solo nos falta adaptar la bateria a este juego.10/10"
,Recommended,221680,22084875,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,AlexDee,"Stop reading this just buy the GAME!I never know how to play guitar (or even touch) for past 18 yearsI doesnt know how to play notes, chords, harmonic, slide, bendsTIll one day I found out this game, I was pretty curious about this game,Just thinking "" is this game helps me to play guitar?""So I went to buy a guitarSome very cheap CHINESE Stratand buy a Real Tone Cable from internetAfter a few day playing, I can say THIS IS THE BEST WAY TO LEARN GUITAR EVER!You can learn Notes, CHords, Slides , Basically everything just in few monthsSo I RECOMMEND this game if u wanna learning guitar but doesnt want to spend to some expensive guitar class or somethingSo Have fun guys!!Oh BTW Im using Epiphone Les Paul Specials 2 right now, Its not an awesome guitar but I pretty like it!if u're a beginner and want a good and cheap guitar, Les paul specials 2Sry bad english LOL"
,Recommended,221680,22074881,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,SpaceyM,"Its freaking awesome, just buy it and learn how to play guitar."
,Recommended,221680,13800908,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tex,Great for experienced players or beginners. Practice makes perfect like always.
76561197960550888,Recommended,221680,13752579,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,itsJPV,Amazing!!
76561198061440832,Recommended,221680,13823850,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Shaard,"Rocksmith 2014 (and Rocksmith original) both inspire patience and compassion toward playing either the guitar or bass instruments. I've been playing my bass guitar for about six years and this game has helped me keep my groove and warm-ups up to date. It adds that particular challenge such as learning how to triple pluck or slap and pop. It also has aided me in barring chords and how to transition to different chords when I feel like playing the guitar. I suggest this game to anyone that is serious about learning about one of the guitars whether it's lead, rhythm, or bass guitar.Hell, pick up another USB Cable and a friend to learn how to play with another instument while on the game and outside of it. Even when you're not playing a song, you still have your instruments ""plugged"" into an ""amp"" so strum away (and sing if you're not awful like I am) and enjoy!"
,Recommended,221680,13774188,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,GayBoyMcJewerson,"I was kind of struck on yes or no on recomend. Yes, it is an amazing tool for learning guitar. BUT it does leave out far to many good songs to learn even in the expansion packs such as ALL pearl jam songs and most mettalica. The DLC packs include far to manny odd bands ive never herd of (and i listen to alot of rock radio) and has a extreemly short list of well know bands songs included. I do give props for including RATM in the choices."
,Recommended,221680,13777159,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Renowned (city wok),"The hardest part about picking up and playing guitar is keeping yourself interested, when you feel like you aren't making much progress. The thing that makes this so good is that you can pick it up and see numerical progess and progress in the difficulty. This Isn't the way to learn guitar, but it is an amazing way to supplement it, keeping you interested by learning songs and having fun mini-games that help out over practicing in a quiet room alone. It can teach you scales, chords, all that kind of stuff, and you can see how they are applied and all that jazz, but it obviously don't shed much light on theory or anything like that. Absolutely reccomended as a dicking around tool."
,Recommended,221680,13630032,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Wajina Sloth,"The game was great, I already had some knowledge of the bass before I started playing and I found myself able to play 100% difficulty on songs I've never played and was still able to get at least a 90% accuracy.Pro's:-Teaches you new things (tapping, hammerons, ect)- Good song selection with avaible dlc and user made songs- funCon's:- Finding a cord in Canada is impossible you must order online- Some times I feel like the detection is off but it could just be my bass- DLC for 1 song is expensiveP.S You should check the song list before you buy... if you dont like this type of music then you might not like the game."
76561198106059840,Recommended,221680,13631235,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,harv337,"The tuner on the 2014 sucks!!! besides that it's pretty good, though I still like the original better."
,Recommended,221680,13658106,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Crux,"So, should you buy rocksmith? if you want to play the guitar then yes. you should absolutely buy this game and the cable and a guitar to go along with it. it just makes playing and practicing more fun. if you dont want to actually take the time to learn how to play a guitar then dont waste your money."
76561198075789340,Recommended,221680,13664952,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Utophia,"A fun way to learn the bass, lead and rythm guitar."
76561198018938036,Recommended,221680,8312115,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,slag007,"This ""game"" is the most comprehensive tool available for guitarists of any level. Rocksmith 2014 or the original game comes with a pretty substantial list of songs to start with and after you get decent with that just add a DLC every now and again. Just buy Miller High Life instead of Heineken and buy DLCs with the money you saved!I have been playing guitar for nearly 40 years though nothing steady until I found this program. I went from an fake it til you make it player to a guy that has some chops because of Rocksmith.There are plenty of different ways to utilize this program. I still use the mini games to build speed and accuracy, session mode to learn modes (Aeolian, Dorian, etc), Learn a song to rock out some Blue Oyster Cult, Iron Maiden, or even some Wagner or Bach.There are places to get Custom DLCs as getting rights to say Zeppelin or Beatles or Floyd has proven difficult for Rocksmith to obtain. They're made by players for players most are decent, your mileage may vary.I have over 700 songs in my library that has taken me 4 to 5 years to aquire. About a 50/50 mix of purchased DLCs and Customs. I run Rocksmith thru my Xenyx QX1832 usb into my stage monitors added in a Shure 58 mic for vocals makes it quite satisfying. I call it my studio band in a box. You can hear me up to quarter mile away on a good day!I have 700 plus hours logged online and that doesnt even come close to the hours I put in offline.Best money I ever spent. Well next to the $250 I spent for a 1962 Fender Telecaster Deluxe back in ""85"".Cheers"
,Recommended,221680,26271339,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,= Toukachinchilla =,"Wonderful game ! I play guitar since 12 years and it's a new way to have fun ! Helps a lot to get new skills ! Large range of songs! Do not hesitate , buy it , you won't regret !!"
76561198275433920,Recommended,221680,26320445,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,manuel_silva_19,Good stuff
76561197960288251,Recommended,221680,25858519,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,AnD,"I was always busy with music, I started with Fastracker 2 on MS DOS. And after some time I discovered new music programs. But the problem was that I never learnt an instrument.I always liked the guitar and I think 4 years ago I bought a cheap guitar and an amplifier (Behringer) and also a V-tone from Behringer. I said that I was gonna learn the guitar by myself by the help of the internet.Downloaded a lot of info, even bought some tutorials online and watched a lot of youtube videos. But it was difficult to learn something.Then in the summer of 2016 I saw the program Rocksmith 2014 in Steam and it was for sale for 7 or 8 Euro. After seeing some videos about it I decided to buy it on Steam. But I also needed the Real Tone cable. First I wanted to make it by myself (there's a guide on the net) because it was hard to find. I already ordered the parts but if I had made it then it was so fragile. So I ordered the real tone cable at an online internetshop.When  the cable was here I grabbed my (cheap) electric guitar and plugged it in. Started rocksmith and followed the guide in the beginning. All went so smooth, configuring and setting up the guitar.Then I could start to learn songs and do some mini games and a new world opened for me.This is what I call learning with your computer. I really enjoy playing the guitar with Rocksmith 2014.It's not always simple and sometimes difficult, but it gives you so much satisfaction when you make progress.I'm still not a rock hero, but I make progress and that's why I keep playing the guitar.On the other hand, now I know why a cheap guitar isn't perfect.The intonation on my guitar is not good, I have to tune it constantly for a good intonation. If the intonation isn't good then you will see that Rocksmith is recognizing other frets you play although you're on the right fret.So I'm thinking to buy a new guitar but that's not the problem of Rocksmith ;)Now recently I'm also playing the arcade games in Rocksmith and that's a lot of fun.Like Castle chordead, that's a great mini game to learn to play the chords. I really love it.So my conclusion is that Rocksmith 2014 is perfect if you want to learn the guitar, it helps you a lot.You can even download custom songs but in the beginning there's enough to do in Rocksmith, even the video tutorials are very good, perfectly explained.The only problem was that I had some trouble to find a Real tone cable, it was not in stock at some stores.A wide variety of songs and even discovered new songs I like.But you have to keep practicing, if you don't do that you won't learn it.Repeating and repeating, your fingers have to learn... :)"
76561198035417310,Recommended,221680,25864877,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,tektek,"I play this game every day. while not perfect, i feel it is as close to perfect as a game like this could ever get. there will be a note that might not work which you feel should, but his game is such a large package and definitely worth  10 times the price that that is a tiny detail that doesn't really matter.one thing is for sure, you have to learn how to play the game AND learn how to play guitar, this is not guitar hero. if you jump right into a solo, you most likely wont do too well with it unless you already know the song. this is a learning tool which makes day to day practice more rewarding. riff repeater is necessary at intermediate to advanced levels.learning about the remaster was a very exciting thing for me, while not very different, it makes the game much more organized and makes learning what you want, when you want to much easier to deal with. the riff repeater and enhanced song selection is worth the original pricetag of the game alone, and yet it is free. i'm incredibly impressed."
76561198062087271,Recommended,221680,26280505,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Marsman,"While this game is plauged by audio issues, the overall exprenice eclipses it. you can learn the basics of gutar but not much beyond that, you might find yourself searching for more to build apon."
,Recommended,221680,24959313,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Bluuu3,"(I am reviewing the XBox 360 edition because the Real Tone Cable didn't work with my computer and I had to refund the game)Great game, but it seems like the riff repeater has a lot of bugs. Also, too much DLC, not enough songs come with the game. The songs that come with it are pretty good though.7.5/10"
,Recommended,221680,19782846,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MSDakaRocker,"Without sounding like a true fanboy of the Rocksmith crew (and of Ubisoft I'm definitely not) this is one of the single most revolutionary games/pieces of software I've used to improve my guitar playing, and to learn songs.Using Rocksmith, Rocksmith 2014, and CustomForge CDLC this is a goldmine of material and practice aids to keep any beginner, novice or even expert guitarist making progress.After clocking approx 250+ hours on the original Rockmith (XB360), then 20+ hours on Rocksmith 2014 (XB360) before moving to the PC (for access to the CustomForge CDLC which I recommend all users look up) for another 330+ hours I'm still using this every singla day for a minimum of 30 minutes and it's an integral part of my daily guitar routine.TL;DR If you want to improve with guitar or bass GET THIS GAME!Edit: 705+ hours in and it's still 50% of my daily practice routine!!!"
76561198051292359,Recommended,221680,26528371,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chaos,"Só comprei pra falar que tenho mesmo.OBS: Se não tiver o Real Tone Cable como eu, nem tente piratear usando cabo P10/P2. Você só vai levar VAC. Outra alternativa é gastar 260 R$ no MercadoLivre... Vai se foder."
,Recommended,221680,20414737,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,cheeseboi21,"I have played many guitar ""learning"" games but none have been like this!  They did a really good job of making it more fun to play and gave it a definite boost in trying to make the game actually make sense.  However, it is still a bit confusing in trying to understand what is next ""career"" wise.  Nonetheless the game is phenomenal.I think my favorite aspect of this game is the jam session mode.  It is so creatively fun and amazing- getting to jam with drums, bass, synths, keys, and many other instruments that actually adapt to how you play (crazy right).Overall, really awesome game!"
,Recommended,221680,25854800,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Penguin.Skipper,If you have an electric guitar you must have Rocksmith but if you don't you should go and find one!
76561198051374341,Recommended,221680,25849451,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hellboy1987,"This ... this isn't a game! So don't expect it to be one. It's a guitar trainer, and with that the best I have ever seen.I play guitar since about 15 years, but I'm not as good as you might think. Picked this up in a sale recently, got myself the cable (which isn't the greatest) and started playing.After you get used to the unusual way of notation and the admittedly a bit clunky menues, you'll quickly get going with learning some of your favorite songs. Never has a tool given me all these options to learn, slow down, repeat a riff or lick until I could perfect it, etc.Within 2 hours I had learned The Trooper by Maiden (without the solo, that takes longer, haha) and I gotta say, I am super proud. But without this tool, it wouldn't have been possible.So: If you have anything to do with playing guitar, BUY THIS, YOU'LL NOT REGRET IT!!!(and don't forget that you will need an extra cable in order to plug in your guitar)Oh ... and did I mention that the jamming tool is absolutely amazing? Rocksmith gives you everything you need in order to improve your play."
,Recommended,221680,21654506,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,monkeyspank,Best game ever! 10 out of 10!
,Recommended,221680,25873227,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jolvard Farmskins.com,"I really, really love this game so far. Only one little problem that happened today when i tried to launch it. It doesn't launch.When i try to start up the game, the usual ""preparing to launch Rocksmith 2014"" from steam pops up for a few seconds. When that disappears an error message pops up telling me there was an error. There's nothing saying what the error is, where it's coming from or anything. It just tells me to go to a website that doesn't work and follow the steps there. I have absolutely no idea on how to get this lovely game to get running again. Please if you have had this issue or know how to fix it, please let me know! Add me or something, all help is appreciated!"
,Recommended,221680,25878666,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Cacilhas,Free update for those who bought it early? Cool!
,Recommended,221680,26082758,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,mylawnow,"Bedroom player, this is a great alternative when I can't play through my rig or with a band.  DLC is quality and diverse.  You will certainly get plenty of use out of it.  I owned both Rocksmith games on PS3 before making the switch to PC and still feel I've got great value."
,Recommended,221680,22257661,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,zOMbice,"I use it as crutch to be honest. Its just tabs, metronome, and backing tracks (kinda) all rolled into one. But don't replace this with a tab book cause mods for this game will get some tunings and parts wrong. 100/100"
76561198196932218,Recommended,221680,26122622,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,lennycarey17,i likes it i dos
,Recommended,221680,26115321,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,✪ StrongArms,nice game
76561198139664677,Recommended,221680,16583383,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sleipner,:D
,Recommended,221680,21747743,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Punx,"I can't believe I didn't review this game yet... It's the only game you can guarantee I will play every single day if I can! If my time count is low it's also because I play a lot of coop and also own the game on console.Yes, I'm going to give this game a glowing review and from 2 points of view:1/ If you already know how to play guitar/bass - or at least have all the fundementals2/ If you're a beginner - just picked up a guitar or want to review all the basicsPros for those who know how to play-A list of songs and dlcs where everyone can find something they like-A variety of songs to learn using different techniques, effects, rythms...-Fun minigames just to practice your techniques-Master mode - if you have this turned on, Rocksmith will eventually remove the notes from the screen so you can properly learn the song without needing Rocksmith with you-Coop - excellent game to just play some songs with a friend - you don't both need to know it as Rocksnith will be there-Stuff to learn when you just don't know what you want to play! (biggest pro for me) - Really helped increase my repertoire.-Session mode - to just jam with a virtual band - fun and relaxing-Copy effects, tones and sounds from any song in the game for your session mode - Nice little time saverCons for those who know how to play-You have to go into Riff Repeater to increase the difficulty of each song manualy - I like playing them on 100% difficulty from the start. A setting for ""default start difficulty"" is missing-All songs aren't always at the same level - Minor problem as you can just adjust it yourself, but I'd look into that-Realtone Cable  required - the option to use another input method would be nice and save use having to crack the game (there's a no cable fix out there) or having to hunt for one without the game-Uplay - Just go away! We don't need you! Although you do if you want to unlock bonuses for RocksmithPros for those who are learning-Price! Compared to guitar lessons, Rocksmith is much much cheaper. Even the DLCs are worth it compared to tutoring prices, and that's by a longshot.-A nice automatic difficulty adjustment - if you play a part of a song perfectly more than once, Rocksmith will slowly increase the difficulty until you're playing the entire song with ALL the notes - I've even used this a few times on really complicated songs-Riff repeater - slow down a whole song or just one riff and adjust the difficulty of individual riffs to make learning easier-Minigames are a great and addictive way to practice your techniques. You'll play then without even realising you're getting better at guitar-Both rythm, lead and bass selection for most of the songs - for bands with 3 guitarists, (like Boston), the 3rd part of the song is found in ""bonus arrangements""-Can teach you the basics of making your own sound using virtual pedals, alot of which are actually licenced-Rocksmith changes the tone and effects of your guitar for every song so your cheap guitar can sound like the real thingCons for those who are learning-Realtone cable - it can also be a pro I guess as it is plug and play - but the dependence on it is a con - see above-Difficulty can go up/down too soon or late for your liking - no adjustment can be made-Lacks a proper tutorial for loads of the options - but you will figure it out eventually-""Rocksmith recommends"" can be really useless-No real career mode (like in the previous game) - No a huge con, but I liked it.-Uplay - Just go away with your stupid unlocksAll in all, I really have to recommend this game for everyone. If you already know how to play and are set in your ways of playing, then Rocksmith might not work for you, but for everyone else, it's the best tool for learning and practicing guitar and bass I've ever seen! New song DLCs are released every week, so the repertoire keeps growing. I really like it for that. I now know loads of songs I would've never thought to learn and my technique and speed have really improved massively!"
76561198282071012,Recommended,221680,21796379,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Mortiscia,I love this gamemake learning new skills funlessons help novice guitarist with tecnique
76561197982922385,Recommended,221680,21773027,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,WiLdThInG,Awesome! That is all.
,Not Recommended,221680,21074719,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,guyver_dio,"Bought DLC, doesn't show in the game. Uninstalled and reinstalled to see if it fixed the problem. It didn't.K thx bye"
76561198247700616,Recommended,221680,21190045,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,lordeye1,"Slappin' Da Bass, Mon :-D"
,Recommended,221680,21146319,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,steel,"IT COST A THOUSAND DOLLARS TO BUY ALL THE DLC ARE YOU CRAZY!?other than that i already knew how to play guitar, i enjoy playing paint it black on the first e string so i'd recommend you all give it a goand i'd also like to give a tip to the people who begin to play this, i recommend looking up John Petrucci's Psycho Exercises, and then look up japanese guitar players on youtube. and if that hasn't made you throw your guitar in the trash then.. well.. goodluck"
,Recommended,221680,21025555,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,warter,"As Ringo would say:""I've got blisters on my fingers!!!""No but seriously buy this game even if you've never played a guitar before its a fun experience."
76561198031647696,Recommended,221680,21176452,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,NotMikeH,The game is great. if you ever wanted to try guitar or bass then you should check this game out. makes practicing fun
,Recommended,221680,21166878,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,iori,"Beginner, Intermediate or Pro's this game should be owned by all guitar players/enthusiasts out there"
76561197995590902,Recommended,221680,21261528,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,MattUK,So after just playing this game for the first time i must say BRAVO!Played it for a good couple of hours and learnt a great song easy!I have played guitar on and off for years and Rocksmith was able to adjust to that.Its extremely fun and would recomend this for anyone who wants to learn guitar.The music choice is also good10/10
,Not Recommended,221680,21307799,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,katz601,"Poorly made. When in-game it will often not show notes during songs. There is no auto-correcting lag, so you need to somehow match up a sound to a blinking light, which is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible. there are more misstakes than the game is worth. I'd love to play this game without flaws like this, however it simply was not worth the money I have payed for it. ♥♥♥♥ you for not making this game user friendly."
76561198023454147,Recommended,221680,21307908,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Blade12148,Fantastic. rocksmith taught me how to be fairly efficient at playing a bass guitar that 6 years of conventinal teaching didnt teach me! AIM FOR THE DUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,221680,21099859,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Ege,game didnt detect the notes from my guitar i looked on the internet if anyone had the same problem people had this problem since the game was relased they still didnt fixed that problem in the game thanks to steam refund system i got my money back too bad i cant refund the rochsmith cable
76561198283144947,Recommended,221680,21251935,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,majellaraymond,"Worth the money, you play and the hours past by. My first time, I played for 6 hours without noticing the time. So watch out, very addictive!!!!"
76561198203228043,Recommended,221680,21376634,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,ElMatador,No comment 100hours and I can say i love the gameplay takes some time to do the first time setup [bugs for audio hardware] but once you got it running no regrets !
76561198107782680,Recommended,221680,21536916,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,terry187g,When i go to select my profile the game crashes any help on how to fix this problem?
76561198250134792,Recommended,221680,21478422,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,The Arstotzkan Eagle,No longer have to get dressed for guitar lesson10/10
76561198269403157,Recommended,221680,20422628,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,codyduke,Awesome piece of technology that has helped me to find a whole new love of music with the songs i've loved for so long. Helps me to appreciate the work involved in writing music and the artists true abilities in creating and performing these brilliant pieces of art. I'm also finding a new appreciation for songs i've never heard of before. Truly an outstanding product which will give me countless hours of fun and memories.
,Recommended,221680,20565690,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,pratahimself,Can't think of a better way to learn guitar on your own.
76561198083421291,Recommended,221680,20651466,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,TheRealBurtClifton,"First of all, yes, I'd definitely recommend it! I've sunk a lot of hours (and quite a bit of money, with DLC and disc import tools) into both of the RockSmith games. RockSmith 2014 fixes a lot of the problems I had with the previous version, most noticeably the latency. Also - in contrast to the previous game - most of the gear is unlocked from the get-go, so you can spend hours fooling around with different setups, then map your tones to a hotkey to switch to them at any time.But here's the rub for me - one gets the feeling RockSmith is aimed primarily at guitar players, with bass tacked on as an afterthought. There's a few good challenging songs here and there, but if you want to challenge yourself a bit, you're probably going to have to grab some DLC. I've hoarded some Rush, Iron Maiden and Rick James' ""Super Freak"" to start with. But some of the bass arrangements for some of the songs are almost borderline insulting to a bass player who's been playing for any length of time. I didn't practise my♥♥♥♥♥off to pedal away at eighth-note roots! That said, even the simple songs (like ""Pour Some Sugar On Me"") are fun to play.Also new is Session Mode. Although I would have loved to have seen more options (time signatures, bigger tempo range and maybe some horn/wind instruments, just off the top of my head), it does what it does amazingly well and can be quite the time-sink. One of my guitar player friends had a jam on it for three hours straight, until he broke his high E string =PAll in all, I'd absolutely recommend RockSmith 2014. Even if you didn't like the previous one, I'd definitely recommend giving the new one a go. It fine tunes many of the fundamentals that needed a tweak, has a pretty good set list and a wide range of DLC and most importantly, it can suck you in for hours and make practising FUN! It's been totally worth the price of admission for the wicked callouses I'm developing on my fingers. Here's hoping further installments will continue building on this rock-solid base."
76561198035294862,Recommended,221680,16425698,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,SoulForge,"For years I have tried to pick my guitar up and start playing, always lost focus and gave up. I had calluses on my fingers from the first week I had RS2014 and I'm still motivated to to keep playing as I'm not just making noise."
76561198013726496,Recommended,221680,16735305,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,dsherratt13,I love this game
76561197993526284,Recommended,221680,16784752,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Big Gruff,Great Game/Instruction Software
,Recommended,221680,17065327,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Nondescript Bastard,"Today my friend made me try out rocksmith, and it was the first time I'd even touched a guitar.I now own a guitar and this game, and I've not had this much fun learning something new in months."
76561198155615700,Recommended,221680,20695008,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,eagleid,5/5
,Recommended,221680,20674719,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Skull Knigga,Very fun and a very good way to learn guitar. I used to play but quit as I was bored but this game has made it fun to play again.
,Recommended,221680,21662044,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Frontzie,"While the tutorial when you first boot up the game is rather condescending, this is wonderful if you're wanting to learn how to play guitar/bass, or want to learn new songs.If this is on sale, BUY IMMEDIATELY."
76561198025897448,Recommended,221680,21625711,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,J2 Ninja,The perfect midlife crisis.Dont doubt just do it. Its easier to beg forgiveness than get permission....She will think that you will eventually be able to serenade her. Possibly. With practice.
,Recommended,221680,30719417,Posted: 24 March,all,smelliott,"If you want to learn to play guitar, or already know how to play guitar, this is the game for you. It's fun to learn new songs and once you play them a bunch, you don't forget them and you can play them almost any time. I played guitar before I got rocksmith, but it helped me become faster and more fluent in my guitar playing. 8/10 I would recommend Rocksmith 2014 Edition, but probably on a sale. There aren't a ton of songs to choose from and one song is pricey. Other than that, it's a great game, especially on PC. Once you play Rocksmith on PC with 60 fps you'll never be able to go back to console."
,Recommended,221680,21679872,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Jungle Jim,my fingers hurt..... I love it.... Making sweet sweet music :DI recommend this for anyone who is actually wanting to commit to playing guitar and has the time to sit down and enjoy it. It's fun though at times gets annoying with throwing cords at you that you haven't practiced :) Great game though!
76561198099777186,Recommended,221680,21576639,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Bonez,highly recommend this if your new to guitar or looking to boost your playing
76561198060381070,Recommended,221680,21737020,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,VΞSPΞR,"Pretty cool game, wich can surprise experienced guitarists too. Especially the guitarcade games are so much fun to play. Even if your mom walks in your room then sees you play guitarcade and she's like 'oh boy watcha doin? it sounds so bad!'.The other cool things are the CDLCs. If you're like 'Well I love to play music, but those 80's rock songs aren't my style...' then dont worry, just search up CDLC and boom. You can play (almost) any songs you like for free!(except you have to buy at least one offic. DLC) WOW!!! *insert guy from MLG vids*"
,Recommended,221680,21541363,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Musica,"it works to some extent, the fact is that you will still need a teacher to teach you proper music theory. But if you want to learn to jsut play songs this is fine too."
,Recommended,221680,27535461,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Arguania,Good game
,Recommended,221680,28007751,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sapphonix,"If you're looking for a fun way to learn how to play guitar, I cannot recommend Rocksmith highly enough. There's a huge song list which is constantly being added to, so you're sure to find some music that you love. Best of all, it's actually effective in teaching you how to play the instrument!"
,Recommended,221680,27960572,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kieru`,"A game or maybe even a tool for people who love a sound of a guitar. If you dont have so much time or effort in you to learn to play on a guitar with a teacher, this game is for you to change it. Plus it's nice that you can play it with your friend, especialy it's damn fun, when two guys are playing it and others sing by the lyrics on the screen, good stuff for parties, no alco needed lol. So I reccomend to buy it if you want to play with a guitar for fun and enjoy it even by being shy at first."
76561198138291270,Recommended,221680,28006149,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,liquidfire451,"Having now sunk over 100 hours into this game I can safely say it is definitely worth your $$$. Could I play before I started this game? Yes. Have I improved after playing this game? Hell yeah! Do yourself a favor, buy this game and turn the volume up to 11."
,Recommended,221680,28005468,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,iluvitar0,"Nothing more to said, just is with a real guitar"
76561197992750690,Recommended,221680,8520963,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ikhouvankoekjes,"If you want to lear to play the guitar or the bas, than it is a great game to learn the basics. It's fun and you can learn on your own tempo.If you already know how to play the guitar or bass its still fun, but not that shure if it is worth it."
76561198036559868,Recommended,221680,28066587,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,✞Metālists✞,"Awesome game, great for beginers, indermediate and advanced players. But there is huge minus for this game and its METRONOME. There is no METRONOME and it makes harder for beginers to improve rythmical skills.Rating: 10/10The game you have to play"
76561198074675009,Recommended,221680,28055592,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dog17dc,Love this game <3
,Recommended,221680,28057073,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Warkidooo,"If you're new to guitar stuff, mainly if you have no idea where to start from, go on and grab it, this will teach you all the basics.If you already know a lot of stuff, the only thing that may be useful is the session mode, and perhaps some of the guitarcade games. If you want to get a nice tone to jam, or learn some music theory, this is not for you, and it won't exactly be worth it to get an animated tab that 'shows' your mistakes. You're just fine with GP and probably whatever pedals/software you already use to get your tones.Tips:1-You can play this with whatever cable you got that you can put in your computer audio input. (Useful for people that live on a country that the cable is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton expensive)(Google: Rocksmith 2014 no cable fix)2- Custom DLCs: No, you won't see a Metallica official DLC so soon, and just the same for some other great bands, or that not-so-underground thrash metal band that you like a lot. So if you got a Guitar Pro tab, you can make a DLC for yourself, (checkhttp://customsforge.com/for tutorials and for CDLCs made by the community).3- This won't teach you everything you need to be a proper guitarist(if you want to), so try to seek knowledge outside RS, check some multi-effect softwares/pedals, books/articles/videos on music theory, gear maintenance, etc.I think this was made for people who want to learn to play, so I will recommend it."
,Recommended,221680,28089646,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bitterdeath,A fantastic way to learn how to play the guitar. The game is also great for just jamming.
76561198097708448,Recommended,221680,28097345,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,The Ben Obiwan,"Wow. Just. Wow.Background: I've played guitar on and off for years, I could play rhythm in a crappy cover band on Tuesday night at your local. My wife has never played.I've known about this for a few years now, but never really bothered with it, because I figured ""what's the point, I can read Tabs, why would I use this?"" (tip- if you can read Tabs, invert the strings in the menu). Well, I decided to give it a go after enjoying some guitar hero at a friends place, and mother of god this is a great piece of software.For the price of a single guitar lesson you get an incredible tool for learning, not only how to play guitar, but how to understand and write your own music. You can learn hundreds of songs (~50 included) through a smooth, intuitive user interface, play the weird technique based mini games or just jam with the AI in a fantastic Session mode. Every song has it's own ""Authentic Tone"" which is a selection of pedals/amp/speaker/effect combo that makes your guitar sound like the artist you're playing, and these can all be edited to create a custom sound, or just to see how they do it.The overall ""game"" aspect is fairly well done, although some improvements could be made with how progression is handled. As you complete ""Missions"" you unlock things, but it never feels particularly rewarding, especially when it's not clearly explained what some of the things are (I'm looking at you ""Venue size""). The actual gameplay is great, what's happening on screen is easy to understand, even for a complete beginner. Everything is explained very well, and even on the easiest setting it feels like you're playing part of the song.Rocksmith starts slow, giving you a only a few select notes to play, and when you start hitting these accurately more notes are trickled in. Some difficulty spikes can be noticed, but you are never forced to do one thing. If you are struggling with something you just leave it for later and start elsewhere, there are no roadblocks hindering progress, 90% of the playable material is available from the beginning, which is nice, but honestly I think that some of that content could of been locked behind VERY SIMPLE goals.  As you complete the early Missions, they quickly increase in difficulty. For example, I've only been requested to do 2 of the Lessons out of the many (30?) available, but my last Mission in Learn a Song Mode was to reach ""Master"" mode in a song, which is the hardest difficulty.  For a beginner this could be frustrating,   and I think that having more rewards early on would be more entertaining.This may sound negative, but these are all small problems with an otherwise flawless program. Session Mode is worth the full price on it's own. Select up to 4 instruments to play with to your Scale/Key/Tempo of choice. The Scale is shown on screen with helpful prompts suggesting groups of notes in that scale that would sound synchronize well at the time. It's an absolute dream come true for any would be songwriter interested in learning about song composition.OK, I'm droning on, I'll wrap this up.Learning guitar will still take a lot of practice, but Rocksmith makes the experience so much more enjoyable, that I recommend it to anyone who is even remotely interested in playing guitar."
,Recommended,221680,22096884,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,EvilMath,Don't buy any DLC unless it's standard E tuning.
,Recommended,221680,28009492,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Laus Nordah,YES!
76561197992422423,Recommended,221680,28009279,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lightspeed,great!
,Recommended,221680,27996014,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cryptic,"This isn't a perfect learning tool, you won't become a great musician with this alone, certain aspects of playing arent registered perfectly (especially with a bass, you can whiff notes and it registers correct more than the other way around), it has the capibility to let you prioritise memorisation over understanding of music if you arent mindful, the songs don't always come well balanced on ""low"" dificulty, and it favors a robotic accuracy rather than what you feel is right!It could go a step further and tell you what notes you are playing (beyond a bar on a line representing which fret on which string), it could give you more customising options over its colour scheme to help you identify notes and scales (again, relying on memorisation first) (playing guitar was horrible with rocksmith at first because the colour on screen didn't always match the way I felt about the note, bass not so bad but still leads to a feeling of misrepresentation the further away from the strings open note you get) ,But if you are still reading you want to know why I still reccomend this.It is fun, it has a lot of ways to experience and enjoy the time you spend with your instrument, and if you really explore the whole game you can improve your musical ability FAR beyond what you would completely on your own...but do be mindfull that any learning can come with bad habits and this is no acception....Most important of all, it makes music lessons accessable without the need to travel or pay for tuition, and gives the student ~most~ of the tools they need to begin fresh or continue where they already started.Play scale racer/ninja ! Best mini game in the world! And enjoy learning Bass Guitar and/or Toy Guitar(6 string)"
,Recommended,221680,27953741,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lostmind,"Teach your children to play Rocksmith, and they will never have money for drugs."
76561198006198960,Recommended,221680,27952766,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Synapsik,"I was a guitarist before I found this game. When Guitar Hero was all the rage, I wished that they would make a game that plays the same but with an actual guitar. This is that game, but with loads of additional stuff that helps you learn as a complete beginner or experienced player. Highly recommended."
76561197998344650,Recommended,221680,13326372,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,vistrand,Absolutely love this program.
,Recommended,221680,15674380,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Mero,"I definitely recommend this game to anyone that wants to learn to play a guitar.  Make sure you get the specific cable for this game too.  It's about $45 onAmazon(at this time).  Consider this before purchasing, but it's worth it."
76561198039263346,Recommended,221680,15678870,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,CHROME_BUDDHA,"I suck at playing Guitar, but this game has gotten me closer to playing than anything else so far."
,Recommended,221680,15847874,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Bangkok Dangerous,"This game is a better guitar teacher than some, if not most, guitar teachers."
,Recommended,221680,15792153,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,HAMiLTON,"As a musician, I have always tried to hold a high standard in my music, and my idols are many and very talented. I mainly listen to rock and metal, and have always wanted to play like my favorite bands do. Thanks to Rocksmith 2014, now I can!I always struggled to learn the guitar. I could play a very basic rhytm and simple chords, but my finger-speed and picking was simple and very limited. I have a good ear for music, but my hands simply wouldn't follow me. Now, thanks to this great software, I can play many of my favorite songs with ease, and my favorite in Rocksmith at the moment is Wires by Red Fang. I have already beaten the 100% accuracy limit, and I am now playing towards the 110% Mastery limit (I'm at 107,4% as I write this).When I first started playing I thought to myself: ""No way will I ever be able to do this.."", and now not even 40 hours in-game, I coast through the song like it was an open road. I just love the progress, and for the first time in my life, I actually enjoy learning to play the guitar. Also, I get to play my favorite genres!I can not emphasize enough how much I recommend this software to anyone who wants to learn how to play rhytm guitar, solo guitar or bass guitar.. it's almost too good to be true.10/10 - Would Master Mode Wires again!"
,Recommended,221680,15796154,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Squidge,i was good at guitar hero now ima real guitar hero
,Recommended,221680,13892516,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,arsenick,Amazing! Makes me pick-up the guitar more than I would really have time to. My only wish is that there would be support for 5-string bass and 7-string guitars. Pretty please!
,Recommended,221680,29730950,Posted: 5 February,all,DarkPhoenix,"Note: I have only played this game with bass guitar.TLDR: Traditional ubisoft game. Fun for a while, runs out of content quickly, which of course leads to the literal thousands of dollars of DLC. Mechanically almost solid, some problems but generally ok. Definitely worth a look, if you can get both the game and cable for a cheaper price.Real-tone cable is ridiculously expensive and pretty much essential for playing the game. I've seen people online who claim you can play the game with regular audio cables, but I tried every method I could find and none of them worked for me. The base game has 66 songs (including bonus tracks), yet still seems to be missing any great tracks. Oh wait, there's 864 DLC tracks that I could buy for $3 USD each, or almost $4000 all up... yeah no thanks.So then I find out about CDLC - there's perfectly legal community-created songs for the game. Anything not already in the game or DLC is allowed to be added for free by the community. And my experience of that is the same as any online tabs I look up: Everyone claims their version is perfect while missing obvious notes and riffs. And the creator gets to choose the bass tone, which is sometimes utterly ridiculous. Some of the songs are amazing, but those are few and far between. And most of my favorite songs are either in the official DLC or not well-enough known that anyone has added to the game.Of the songs they do have some are tabulated poorly, and good luck getting 100% on any song without the game failing to detect one of the notes you definitely played and declaring it a ""miss"". However, the game is generally a very solid game. It's fun to play, the mechanics work pretty well. Very tricky to get it to work with any kind of recording software.The dynamic difficulty is a little bit dodgy - it seems to treat all songs and all parts of a song as equal. If I riff repeat one part of a song to get it perfect, the game assumes I will be able to play the entire song on full difficulty despite never having seen it before. The ""difficulty"" sort option for songs is completely wrong (again, probably a bass problem), and I kinda feel like the initial difficulty for a song is based off this stat, is the game is rather fond of throwing me into a difficult song at full difficulty, while leaving me to play a 4-chords song starting at one note every minute. Usually it's ok though.Overall a fun game that's fairly solid, but could be a lot better than it is. It's too expensive, is lacking in free content, and has problems with difficulty settings. Community content is ok, but nowhere near spectacular. Basically a ubisoft game in a nutshell."
,Recommended,221680,30305855,Posted: 3 March,all,Green,"Rocksmith is great. The tracklist is astounding, and every song is brilliantly done. This game's central mechanic revolves around a guitar-hero like scrolling track for an actual guitar (or bass). It is executed flawlessly. Excellent purchase, well worth the buy."
,Recommended,221680,30323505,Posted: 4 March,all,zombomeshin,"Okay, here is a common story: I'm a lazy f**k and prefer to play games instead of studying something. This is the reason why in my 26 I tried to start playing the guitar several times and immediately dropped it. This is also a reason why Rocksmith is working so well for me: because I'm just playing a cool game every evening for the past two months now. It's far from the best game by itself (awful console interface, press 100 buttons to do anything, not enough tutorials), but combined with the fact that you are playing an actual f***ing guitar while playing the game, this is the most addictive stuff in my Steam library now.I would've never learned to play guitar without Rocksmith. It's not that I'm any good of a player still, oh no. But I see huge improvement. Are we not playing the games to see ourselves getting better at something? Well, here it is combined with an actual useful skill. I only wish it was there 10 years ago :)"
,Recommended,221680,19559808,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Samurai Z,amazingi love this game. get it here on pc so you can add your own songs and for the love of all things that are holy and dear to you download the cliffs of dover song. it is amazing
76561198210273683,Recommended,221680,31462547,Posted: 30 April,all,chuloPat,Best game I ever had...
76561198059717674,Recommended,221680,31507688,Posted: 2 May,all,simonquinn_uk,Really enjoying this. Already managing a few full songs after never playing guitar before.
,Recommended,221680,31528238,Posted: 3 May,all,Handy Man Kira,"7/10 would recommend to any guitar player.  I bought it thinking it would teach me how to play guitar, it certainly helped me with a few techniques and showed me some exorsises, but it's main purpose is clearly for learning how to play songs and using RS2014 as a digital amp.  I love it though, it's fun to play with songs you know and the tuner is really precise/awesome.  (Caution: if you install CDLC after the remastered update, some songs WILL crash your game or not work correctly.  I fixed these songs by removing them from the directory, starting and closing the game, reinstall CDLC, and reconverting the CDLC to a song that was released after remastered update."
,Recommended,221680,31594271,Posted: 6 May,all,TomFooligans,"Rocksmith 2014 is the kind of game everyone used to say should exist when Guitar Hero and Rockband were popular. ""Wouldn't it be cool if like, you could play Rock Band, but like, it was a real guitar, man?""Yes, it is cool. This game advertises as being able to teach you to play guitar. That's sort-of true. It's no substitute for taking lessons, but it will get your hands moving all over a guitar in a way that sounds like music to you and those around you. You may not learn much about music theory, but if you're committed you may still come out of a committed relationship with Rocksmith being able to play songs by many of your favorite artists.I use Rocksmith as a tool to stay sharp on guitar and learn new songs more than as a strictly instructional device, so I can't speak to its value as a pure learning tool as much as a fun way to pass the time if you already know how to play guitar. However, if you look up Audrey on YouTube, the little girl who has been playing Rocksmith (for our amusement) for the last few years, you'll find that this game can very much make a guitarist out of anyone. The girl's better than me and I've been self-teaching for a decade.The tracklist of the game is great, but things really open up when you start shelling out for DLC. It's only a dollar more per track than it would have been on Guitar Hero or Rocksmith, only the extra dollar buys you the added benefit of *learning to play a song you love on a real guitar* so I find it very worth the price.There are lessons and exercise minigames, and a comprehensive and powerful ""riff repeater"" tool to slow down (or break down) phrases for you to learn at a comfortable speed. There are leaderboards and challenge modes, one of which is a feature that makes notes invisible the more competent you become at playing them, to really drive home in your mind how a song is played. It supports multi-player (provided you have two cords and two instruments) so that you and a friend can both play together. My room mate sometimes likes to pick up the bass guitar and pluck along with me while I play lead.Rocksmith was a shocking thing to exist, and it worked well as a proof of concept. Rocksmith 2014 was a refined and nearly perfect improvement. Rocksmith 2014 Remastered somehow manges to tune up the original RS14 into an even better product. The only drawback is that by buying it on Steam, you'll have to order a cord online, and they never go on sale or anything. That said, once you've got your hardware in order, this is a game that just keeps on giving and you'll get your money's worth a hundred times over."
,Recommended,221680,31565140,Posted: 5 May,all,MrJkub,"This is a great tool if you are looking to increase your understanding of guitar and bass. For less than the cost of 1 hour of Professional Guitar Lessons, you can add this to your arsenal of learning.It's easy to understand, but like anything in this world, it requires practice. There are lots of lessons, techniques, guides, and downloadable music.RS 2014 Re-mastered requires the player to have an awful lot of self-determination because the game offers little incentive for practicing beyond frustration levels for most new players.For example, in the original, you were given the opportunity to play different gigs at different venues, but you could not play those gigs until you achieved a certain score in the set of songs given. While you still play in the venue, and the size increases as your progress in the game, but one of the fun aspects of the old, was your practice playing off, and you got to play the gig. If you did well enough you could do an encore, and if that encore was good, you could do another, etc.  I’d like to see something like that in the future.  There are lots of neat things this game could do; at least there are lots of things I think of in the hours of practicing.Of course, none of this really is a problem if you are dedicated to guitar and bass practice, so that's always a plus.Thanks for creating a great learning and practice tool."
,Recommended,221680,22591149,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Cold Rotations,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. I learned to play on it, and now use it as an amp + a way to practice a variety of techniques without committing hundreds of song tablatures to memory. I would recommend to every single person that wants to learn how to play and like guitar. It's GREAT!"
,Recommended,221680,30843617,Posted: 30 March,all,PrinceElbrun,"I love this game! It really helps me tune my decent and growing guitar skills. The only problem I have is the $4,000 of DLC. I personally think some of that DLC should be free. But, hey, spending a few extra bucks here and there doesnt hurt anyone. 9/10"
76561198118838168,Recommended,221680,31658223,Posted: 9 May,all,drewdog999999,"Man alive, Just started and let me tell you, I have never played before but I get the feeling that my fingers are going to know it tomorrow morning! ITS TIME TO LEARN HOW TO ROCK! VIDEOGAME STYLE!"
,Recommended,221680,31750090,Posted: 14 May,all,GH,Very good tool to learn how to play guitar! I never played in my life & i didnt take any classes.  I just bought the game and learned by myself and this game. The cdlc are awesome ! (Custom dlcs that you can get without paying money!)
76561198134357243,Recommended,221680,31677585,Posted: 10 May,all,xXxSlushiexXx,Great for teaching guitar.
76561197979095986,Recommended,221680,28300625,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Sgt. Rock,Played guitar halfassed for years now. Learned a song in two days. This is amazing. Best guitar teaching tool I've ever seen.
,Recommended,221680,28394256,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dazzauk123,Ok the product in theory is great however not detecting usb output audio in this day and age is not so great. Yes I get that there will be lag detecting and playing back notes but having included an option to not require a real tone cable at all how about if this option is selected you at least output sound to any audio device so we don't have to mess about!!Apart from these annoyances a pretty fine product which will kindle the fires of a guitar hero inside you.
,Recommended,221680,28392871,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DACE,"As a beginner with almost no guitar experience, this is one of the best purchases I have ever made, I went from being completely unable to do even simple stuff on my guitar, to somehow actually hitting most notes in simple songs in under 3 hours playtime. If you want to learn how to play guitar, this is just incredible and worth every cent in my opinion.(make sure to buy the real tone cable, makes playing so much easier)"
76561197983666879,Recommended,221680,28348416,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Pappnase,If only they had some Tool songs... otherwise worth it!
,Recommended,221680,28416727,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bentimus,its true what they say and you cna probably get this for even lesso n instant gaming if you want ot play and not spend the 40 bucks. but you will definetly learn.
,Recommended,221680,28505399,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Madis,"Got it on the 360 and on PC, that's how much this game is worth it. Definetly helped me evolve as a guitar player and I've discovered a lot of new artists through this."
,Recommended,221680,28178158,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mo Lester,"If you've played Guitar Hero as a kid, this game is the grown-up version.If you've played an instrument previously in life, this game is very easy to pick up and dive in to learning to play virtually any song you desire.Be prepared to buy  things to support playing this game.You're going to need a realtone cable, which can be bought on Amazon for around $28. Good headphones are a given.I already owned a bass guitar and a pile of various guitar picks. Be prepared for calluses and blisters and aches.The lessons are simple and forgiving when it's your turn to play. Playing through songs and picking trouble areas to practice are very easy in the interface. The section you select can be slowed to any percent speed and any difficulty level. This makes learning songs and memorizing riffs very easy. You can even set the difficulty or speed to increase after so many play throughs of the section. This makes it easy to practice and improve without having to take your hands off the instrument to click around.Overall, this game is my new favorite. My finger tips disagree."
,Recommended,221680,28155213,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,J( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Shn3ss,great tool to learn how to play guitar to an exceptional level. however sometimes my guitar doesnt pick up certain things in the game. 4/5
,Recommended,221680,27386019,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,eevee,GREAT LESSON TEACHING GAME FOR ALL GUITAR ENTHUSIASTS. 11/10
,Recommended,221680,27504305,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,rcfan0902,"If you are ever planning on learning guitar, or just improving your skills, Rocksmith is the game for you. I have been playing guitar for 13 years and this game has helped improve my technique tenfold. I have shown a noticable improvement in my fingering abilities as well as my picking abilities. The minigames are a great practice tool and the weekly DLC releases keep the game fresh."
,Recommended,221680,27406820,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,matblck,"This is just amazing, it should't even be called a game."
76561198018310420,Recommended,221680,27316061,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kerrits,"This game to me is similar to Demons/Dark Souls, in the sense that it can be frustrating at times, but also has an immense sense of accomplishment. I've played it till late at night, till my fingers hurt so much that I couldn't play at all the next day, but still wanted more.If I went for lessons (which I did for a couple of months in my teens), or did the tabs/youtube thing, I wouldn't have kept playing and practicing for as long as I did.I only have a few hours of this on steam as I bought it on PS4 first, but the DLC on PC is just so much cheaper, especially during steam sales.The PC version just ""feels"" better, but I still enjoy sitting on the couch and playing more than in my study. (yeah, big picture etc ...)"
76561197994070767,Recommended,221680,14143790,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,FelipevSW,Very fun and extremely effective on its purpose.UPDATE: The remastered edition makes it even better!
,Recommended,221680,27335549,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thomas.szuecs,This is more than a game.
,Recommended,221680,27392899,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KhorneBread,thiss game Kills two birds with one stone. love to play and attempt to sing at the same time lol
,Recommended,221680,27376783,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr FroDoe,Great game for plebs that want to learn guitar or bass :D
76561198061342773,Recommended,221680,27379667,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Senzaii,Getting drunk and rock out with your♥♥♥♥♥♥out. 11/10
,Recommended,221680,27357679,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,renlok,"Probably not the best way to learn to play guitar, but if you are super lazy like myself this is a good way to make learning way more enjoyable"
76561198083365908,Recommended,221680,27350728,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Swordchucks,"Bought this game on console and it was UNPLAYABLE due to the latency.   I had heard the latency was much better on pc so I gave it a try. Man.... Am I glad I did.Fantastic songs, great game and super fun. Even got me in to playing bass."
,Recommended,221680,7468845,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,serkantur,"ROCKSMİTH 2014 USER GUIDE FOR COMPLETE BEGINNERI am trying to learn bass guitar with RS 2014 for about a year and I wanted to share my experience for new comers who are totally beginner.Rule number one:Get yourself a decent guitar teacher.No matter how much you play this game or watch videos in lessons, you will have bad habits without a teacher. Beacuse major problem with this game is, it evolves so fast that you have to gain bad habit to keep up with it. You need someone to recognize what bad habits you developed. You press strings in an inappropriate way that game accepts what you play, but in fact what you play actually sounds bad. Here you see second problem with this game; you cannot hear what you actually play but hear kinda a little bit “corrected” version of what you play so here is rule number two:Always play with an amplifier.Buy yourself a decent amplifier with line out (not phones but line out !) and plug your guitar to ampli and plug your RS cable from line out of ampli to your pc. Go to game settings, than mixer and lower all guitar volumes down. You gotta hear what you play through amplifier. Because if you want to play an instrument its not only the matter of pressing right note at right time. İts the matter of producing good sound while pressing the right note at the right time. Your game may say you did excellent job playing that song, you reached %100 but its what people hear through ampli is important.Rule number threeDo not follow RS missions. Those missions are for gamers. RS may give you a mission to play a song from ‘80s right after you play your first song, without knowing that you are not ready for it. If you want to earn achievements etc. you can follow missions later but I dont recommend those missions to total beginners. But learn a song page recommendations are valuable when time comes, but we will talk about it later.Rule number four:Be the original disc or DLC, always study on songs you like. Do not rush on buying DLC until you finish all preferred disc songs. Before starting game, listen all songs on youtube and make a list of preffered songs you want to learn. Dont waste your time on songs you dislike. Because you will see that trying to learn an instrument is not easy, you will have many unpleasant moments and you can only stand this process with at least enjoying the song. After mastering all songs in your list, you can play other songs too. So, make a list of disc songs you like, master them first, then master rest of songs in disc. Then you can buy DLC. This way you can keep your money in your pocket for quite a while. :)With these rules in mind, here we start:Go to “learn a song” and sort songs by their “difficulty”Do not sort them by “recommendation”. Sort them by difficulty.For bass guitar I think easiest song was “pour some sugar on me”. But you dont have to start with it. Look at your preffered song list and choose easiest song. Start playing your song and open riff repeater. The settings must be:Difficulty repetition: Maximum number (I think it was 5)Level Up:OnSpeed Repetitions: Maximum number (I think it was 5)Accelerate:OnError Tolarence: NoneMaster Mode: offView previous mistakes: OnI recommend these settings because, key element of learning is repetition. Master problem of this game is, it evolves so fast. When you succed to play a part of song for once, the game thinks you learned it and immediately raises the difficulty. And suddenly you became like “Oh, man what is this?” I can barely play chords but suddenly you send me barre chords” This process of “dynamic difficulty” breaks new comers’ enthusiasm. So playing a song again and again and not playing a new song until you master on previous one is very important.So, after playing your first song for the first time with these settings, play whole song again from start. Again and again until you get more than 95%. Until then, a new song is forbidden. If you stuck and gain no more than 5% between two playing session, than follow recommendations on learn a song page of that song. Play this lesson, play that game etc. The only place you get acces to lessons and arcade games must be through learn a song page recommendations.Rule number five:Do not play a new song until you reach 95% on previous one. Always follow your preffered song list, sorted in difficulty. Do not start to study your third song until the mean of two previous songs is higher than 95%. So you cannot start your fourth song until you reach 95% on your third song and it goes on. Also mastering songs is important. So here is rule number six:You must play score attack on master mode and get all green on all parts of the song on ⅓ of all the songs you study.For example you get 100% on your first song, 96% on your second song, 62% on your third song, in order to be able to study your fourth song, you have to play your first song on score attack on master mode and achieve all green on all parts of the song.You have to master this way, at least ⅓ of your songs you are studing in a certain spesific moment. Unless, do not start to study a new song.With the above rules in mind, reach a mean of 95% in all of your songs in your song list. Master at least ⅓ of your songs. By the time you reach this point you are an intermediate player and then you may start following missions, gaining achievements, playing other songs, buying DLC etc.Main philosophy of this approach is you have to take it slow at the beginning of the game. Play game at least 45 minutes a day. Always start playing with songs you have mastered before. Do not forget them. Than play songs you study to master. Time to time open youtube video of the songs you have mastered and accompany them. Playing songs outside Rocksmith is very important.My native language is not english so I can misstate what I am trying to say, so please feel free to comment.After a long period of time, on second tought now I think less statistical approach but I still think that first of all find a guitar teacher :)"
76561197978008034,Recommended,221680,27851149,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lastnamefirst,My fingers NO do what I want them do. Me fat fingers make me sad. Me fingers are dumb. But me love this game.
,Recommended,221680,27862713,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Butthurt McWowimacunt,It's a great starting off point to get you actually playing. If you want to learn you still need lessons but its great fun to load up a good song or just noodle with the in game tone designer.
76561198292674369,Recommended,221680,27835297,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,npierson19,very good game
,Recommended,221680,27842431,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Xaero Zero,Best game ever!
,Recommended,221680,27619498,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,caveman,"10/10I've been playing rocksmith for about year and a half now and I've never played guitar before. In my opinion this is the best guitar learning software that you can get. It won't prevent you from developing bad habbits like you guitar teacher would but it CAN teach you how to play guitar. The interface is very intuitive and with features like riff repeater and dynamic difficulty it is very easy to navigate and practice any part of the song. This game has also one the best community and developers support I've ever seen. Rocksmith was released 5 years ago and it's still supported by Ubisoft. There are about 1000 songs created by developers as weekly DLC and about 24000 custom songs crated by fans that you can download.So it doesn't matter whether you are begginer or skilled player, you will still enjoy playing rocksmith."
76561198304587507,Recommended,221680,27672354,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jack The Hack,my favorite game by far played the original on my Ps3 and then got this one a few problems at the begining with audio outputs and such but other than that its great a must have for anyone who loves music
,Recommended,221680,27621782,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bill Door,"Everytime there's a sale I sink another 20=50 into song packs. I'm not a rock god, but this game makes me want to be!"
76561198195052369,Recommended,221680,30977266,Posted: 6 April,all,simon.beijingsailing,"the only worry is forgetting the time, so addicted. don't try."
76561198044589387,Recommended,221680,28453566,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kalushima,"great game, but the cord connection to pc is♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198065276659,Recommended,221680,26998243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,someoldguy88,This game is awesome!! I learned how to play the guitar simply by playing this game. It has a lot of really good songs even without DLC. These songs will keep you toes tapping and before you know all your time is gone. Would recomend for anyone wanting to learn guitar or even anyone who loves music!
,Recommended,221680,26975005,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vissy,"Has some technical flaws, but is still a fantastic tool to help learn guitar."
76561198061760840,Recommended,221680,26997267,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,chemical division,"Tired of looking up tabs and sheet music? Like guitar hero but want to play it on a real guitar?Then Rocksmith 2014 Edition is for you! This game is great for guitar players from beginner and beyond. Want to learn a song? There's countless songs as well as additional songs that can be purchased as dlc from the steam store for you to learn. Using the riff repeater feature is also great for slowing down those tough riffs and songs for practice. Having trouble with improvisation? Choose the session mode option and learn to improvise using countless scales while a band of your choice plays their instruments to your improv. There are also many minigames to improve your guitar playing along with lessons that teach you from the ground up. You may also change your sound with many different amp, pedal, cab choices and more! There's also the option to learn bass, rhythm or lead guitar. Playing co-op is also fun jamming to songs with your friends (if you have an extra rocksmith cable). There is no way to fit all the features and stuff you can do in this game into one review. This game is definitely recommended for all guitar players.There are definitely some things that could make this game better such as deeper guitar theory information and more lessons. Sometimes the note tracking could be better but overall a very fun game to play and very good teacher for any guitar or bass players.Overall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,221680,26974830,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Micebot,favorite game on steam
,Recommended,221680,26978057,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Clutch,A must have if you enjoy learning the guitar YOU MUUUUST BUY NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,221680,11011810,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Silv-R,"An addictive game that actually teaches you to play guitar or bass.  New songs are realeased every week, so there are songs for almost everyone.  I cannot recommend this enough.  Worth every penny."
,Recommended,221680,26986557,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Foxtur,Awesome game and never gets old since new songs are coming every week :)
,Recommended,221680,26983765,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tembleque,90 hours in and I am still starting... Got my first 100%!
,Recommended,221680,29254595,Posted: 14 January,all,BenniShogun,I purchased this game for my son and later for myself. Great tool for polishing techniques. The guitarcade games are tons of fun and the leaderboards add a competetive edge to motivate. The song list that the game starts with leaves a lot to be desired but it is for the sake of easing new players into performing an entire song. I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to learn guitar and to anyone else like myself who already plays guitar. Just follow the missions and take the game's advice. It is surprisingly good at identifying stuck points in your technique.
76561198126060835,Recommended,221680,29261508,Posted: 14 January,all,thegamebustr,"you will learn how to play guitar, i gaurantee it"
,Recommended,221680,29435540,Posted: 22 January,all,Nemesis885,"Good for people who have no idea how to play guitar. If your an experinced player it could be kinda fun, but annoying at points. But it's useful for me cause when I started I had NO idea how to play. Also this game may aswell cost $60 cause it's pointless without the one cable you can get off amazon."
76561198091760955,Recommended,221680,23739066,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ellerfolk,"Well, I'm about 70 hours in.  Regardless of the promotional video's promises, I still don't look like a model and I'm still not ready for prime time.I am, however, consistently scoring around 30% whenever I try a new song, and my best tune is up around 79%.  I understand the fretboard, I'm familiar with a number of different tunings, and I'm thinking about purchasing my first real amplifier.That said, I'm also using a book and strumming chords on an acoustic guitar.  Rocksmith is a fun game and a great tool, but it's just one tool among many.  If you go into Rocksmith with realistic expecations and practice consistently, you too can make slow, steady progress.  More importantly, you can get a little of what I'm just starting to experience: the joy of actually making music."
,Recommended,221680,29426378,Posted: 22 January,all,3AngryFaces,Let's Rock!
,Recommended,221680,29473276,Posted: 24 January,all,wooltro,"For the love of god. Please, Invert your strings in the options, otherwise reading tablature will become a mightmare to learn."
76561197999384396,Recommended,221680,29512812,Posted: 26 January,all,shadowsources,I love this game and I wish they'd come out with a 2017 version of it. It's helped me to learn to play the guitar and the bass without any other training.
76561198029975707,Recommended,221680,29547033,Posted: 28 January,all,anatawa,"It's a good tool for beginners learning to play guitar.Though some songs don't have the right chords, some simple research can point the user in the right direction."
76561198046628674,Recommended,221680,29558593,Posted: 28 January,all,Ledworth,The best
76561197989957507,Recommended,221680,29550095,Posted: 28 January,all,nomorepoison,"If you are thinking of getting this game, just do it.  I was self taught on acoustic but really only knew chords, and couldnt pick my way out of a paper bag.  No more is that the case, I feel extremely confident that this game has upped my ability.  Also purchased it for my father, whom had never touched a guitar in his life, and hes just as good, if not better than I now.  DO IT."
,Recommended,221680,29545243,Posted: 28 January,all,Veslav,Is good
76561198041704623,Recommended,221680,29311530,Posted: 16 January,all,Juiceman4prez,"I bought Rocksmith 2014 on my PS3. Then I bought it on my PS4. I have purchased over 200 DLC for it. And then I heard about customs. Then I bought it on PC. Now my life is complete. If you want to learn guitar and/or bass, this is a good start. You will need more than Rocksmith to be GOOD. This is a great tool for learning the frets and building speed. After that you will need to learn how to play without the crutch. 9/10 if you're a total noob. 6/10 if you know your way around a fretboard. Would sell my soul to Ubisoft again."
76561198038621476,Recommended,221680,29307729,Posted: 16 January,all,jnewho,LOVE THE GAME BUT THE SONGS ARE 2.99 EACH  LITTLE BIT PRICEY
76561198109848699,Recommended,221680,29306517,Posted: 16 January,all,SirShotalot Slek,"Back when Guitar Hero was released, they presented it at several festivals. I played it at Summerbreeze in Germany and repeadetly lost against a child. Devastating expierience. I thought ""well if this game was with real instruments i would be better, and it would make a lot more sense"". Back then I thought just being able to play the songs like in GH was enough....When THIS came out i got a chance to play it and i was blown away. It is so much more than just GH with real guitars. It offers practice sessions, finding and shaping your own tone, trying different styles of guitars, practice modes, experimenting with new ""equipment"" etc.. The best thing is: It does not bore you with long lectures or with complicated instructions, your intuition guides you from the start. It works like this: pick up your guitar, and start to play. What was that? this part is too difficult? Start your practice mode and enter speed and difficulty of your liking and start to practice. Easy...A word about using it to learn the guitar (from scratch):Will it substitute a teacher?  BIG NOThere even are books about how importand the Teacher <> Student relationship is while learning an instrument.Will it kickstart enthusiasm to learn new songs and use the techniques from your lessons? HELL YEAH.If you want to have (even more) fun with learning new songs or want to learn new songs very fast and easy or if you feel your muse has left you, then get this game and have fun. This is so much more than you'd expect it to be.10/10 (i would crank it up to 13 if i could ;) .... insider for all the Peavey users out there)"
76561198006057844,Recommended,221680,29313113,Posted: 17 January,all,jeff761992,"Please send help.I purchased this product intending to help revive my high school skills of playing the guitar.  I've slowly been filling my library with songs from my past.  I've been practicing non stop with un-intended side effects.  I can't help but find myself growing my hair back out, wearing tight pants, and yelling brah at friends as they walk by.  My Three Days Grace mastery is on point though."
,Recommended,221680,27562246,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,iamjupiterrr,This game is pure magic even if you already know how to play the guitar. The riff repeater feature is amazing to learn songs. A must if you are a musician.
76561197970626128,Recommended,221680,27579478,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vokas,Good game to help learn to play guitar.
76561198080668981,Recommended,221680,27859050,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RÜD DÜD w/a TÜD,"It works relatively well as a teaching software. I originally purchased RS2014 on the 360 in the fall of 2013. There are now over 900 songs to buy and learn, and I own most of those as well. The game also has a great community and friendly and transparent devs. If you’re starting out playing the electric guitar or bass, give RS2014 a go. The only complaint would be the realtone cable: replacements do not come cheap. Otherwise, the game is perfect for any level of playing proficiency."
76561197970974915,Recommended,221680,30958160,Posted: 5 April,all,Catharz,"Awesome game that has rekindled my interest in playing guitar.Only things I wish for are:- slightly better note detection (it ignores when you hit a note when none were expected)- a lot more DLC (Metallica, Tool, Led Zeppelin please)- more than 2 player multi-player- the ability to use a mic and score on vocals- the ability to use a midi drum kit"
,Recommended,221680,27857433,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Whats it feel like to be a ghost,Here you do not waste time in vain.
,Recommended,221680,27798632,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[-F69-]bl00k,"So awesome to have a game that I can play a real guitar with. Also, two thumbs up for having RANCID songs!"
,Recommended,221680,27809183,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ray D'Costa,Even Gandhi would be playing guitar if Rocksmith were to exist pre 1947 :)
,Recommended,221680,33239116,Posted: 4 July,all,Redaien,"Pretty great game.  If you stick with it, you'll definitely learn the fundamentals and pick up a lot of riff knowledge, too."
,Recommended,221680,33063605,Posted: 30 June,all,"Dr. Biff T. Barrington, Esq","Originally purchased this for my Xbox 360, but since I am moving away from the 360, I was excited when I saw that it was on Steam.  The remastered version so far has been amazing, and still plays as awesome as it does on the console.  The song selection is very good, and the lessons and skill games are a lot of fun.  This is one of the best ways to learn guitar/bass!"
76561198044011249,Recommended,221680,33002125,Posted: 29 June,all,PapaStrummer,10/10 would get for CDLC again
76561197998106015,Recommended,221680,18164495,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Artaggedon,"It's the best game I have on my Steam account by far. Actually, its the 2nd best guitar teacher I ever had but the cheapest one of them all. If you get the chance, wait until sales and buy it!! Get your Real Tone Cable from a shop and go for this game. If you like playing the guitar, once you adapt yourself to read the tablatures, its awesome!!I could talk for a while about a much fun I have with it, but it would be useless. Get yourself a GOOD guitar and this game, and it will be more that enough to get you started. Afterwards, keep playing it but go also experiment with other pedals and amplifiers. It's what I did and now love my guitars more and more every day.By the way, now they've remastered it (for free) and its even better. They've improved a few things here and there so go definetely for it!!"
,Recommended,221680,27492727,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cuckboi,Makes you learn to play the guitar as fast as getting me bankrupt due to Rocksmith Song Packs :/
76561198070458671,Recommended,221680,27237963,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,simon194,"Rocksmith, on my opinion one of or the best educational game ever!!never learned new songs as fast as with this game. and the best part of learning new songs is that it contains the original notesand even better than the best part - playing it together with another guitarist or bassist. it's incredible how fun-making it can be to learn something!!"
,Recommended,221680,27090581,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Podzoz,"Rocksmith 2014 is a great learning tool for those who are wanting to learn guitar or even those that are experienced guitarists, easy to read and learn songs and has a lot of tutorials that can help. The song list is great and the DLC selection is just a good. much improved from the first rocksmith"
,Recommended,221680,28839839,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,baby jesus,"One of my most played ""games"" ever. I've also purchased my fair chunk of DLC, and it was worth every penny to me.If you have any interest in playing guitar this could change your life. Aspects like the riff repeater make practicing songs easier than they ever have been before. You will also discover you like bands you now like that you never really listented to before. Don't knock Iron Maiden until you've learned to play a song.The transcriptions of songs are very high quality. There are occasional mistakes of course, but their transcriptions tend to be higher quality than the official tab books for many artists.You will not enjoy this software unless you buy the cable. Many of the negative reviews seem to stem from frustration that they have to purchase a rocksmith cable, or frustration that trying to avoid this purchase is causing the game to not work correctly, which is missing the forest for the trees. $30 is nothing in terms of learning to play guitar. That is the cost of  single song book or a half hour guitar lesson. You can also use this cable as a recording interface if you want to record songs outside of Rocksmith, which is significantly cheaper than alternatives."
,Recommended,221680,28798043,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,FOOTDOCTOR,"Learn guitar quickly, playing songs you want. Yes, really."
76561198013489529,Recommended,221680,22949188,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Void_Incarnate,"UPDATE 28/12/2016: As of this date, the Remastered Edition has completely ruined the game for me, and the secod patch does not help.Note entry is now severely lagged and the note noticeably trails my input. This is with input latency set to 1, the lowest latency in the game. Using a bass with the realtone cable.[s]Avoid.[/s]EDIT: 29/12/2016. Setting the gain to manual fixed the lag issue for me, hope this helps anyone with a similar problem."
,Recommended,221680,28747305,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Fayde,"I've been playing guitar for a while (about 6-7 years). After some consideration and survey, I decided to buy this game. So here is my review.*Played first song - Blitzkrieg Bop - The Ramones. (""Hmm look who's playing... I'm the guitar master yeah!"")*2nd song - The Black Keys - Next Girl (""easyyyyy~ someone like me can play this with closed eyes! I need more challange!"")*3rd song - Bring me to life - Evanescence (""hmm... okay."")*4th song - Don't look back in anger - Oasis (""let's try again..."")*5th song - I want you back - Jackson 5 ( ...... )*6th song - Bat Country - Avenged Sevenfold ( ^&$@*^$($@%$ ♥♥♥♥ it, skip! )*7th song - Canon Rock ( Suplex my ibanez )10/10 Would break a guitar again.Pros:- The ""Riff Repeater"" is really helpful to learn a song, it allow us adjust speed, difficulty, etc and let us repeat on wichever part of the song until we mastered and memorize the sequence.- Dynamic difficulty is a great help to learn the songs,it become more advance if we doing good, and lower when we messed up. I think that also show us progress of learning.- Tons of songs there as DLC- Even more songs CDLC- Great Community that will always help you.- Video tutorial lesson will help expand your guitar-playing knowledge, such as hammering, pull offs, etc.- Tone designer is neat, wide range of amp emulator to explore your own output sound.- Session mode allow you to play as one-man band. what could be better?Cons:- Realtone Cable is expensive and a lil bit fragile.- There is some point that force you to choose, between latency and feedback crackling echo. (sound engine) btw I'm not a super pc user.- There's no ingame recording feature.That's it, I personally recommend this game 100%Pardon my english. thanks :)"
,Recommended,221680,15243324,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Hiding From Monday,"Having played the guitar for around 7-9 years (At time of review) I've never really found any way to improve my skill at playing. Until I bought this game. I have previously had someone to teach me to play. But this proved to be rather expensive in the long run. A few years after that, I found Rocksmith. I thought that it would be quite fun. I wasn't wrong. It was extremely entertaining and quite educational at the same time. Then a year later Rocksmith 2014 was released. I made sure to buy it as soon as possible. This one was even more fun than the original, giving you the option to change the difficulty, which is better for more experienced guitarists that don't need to learn the basics and prefer a challenge.There are plenty of songs included with the game, then thousands more that you can purchase as DLC or find for free online. My personal favourites in the base game are Bat Country, by Avenged Sevenfold, Blitzkrieg Bop by The Ramones and Satch Boogie by Joe Satriani.It is really easy to pick up the mechanics of the game and how everything works. Which is one of my favourite things about the game. The strings are colour coded, and frets numberd so you know exactly where the note you're supposed to play is. Red for the low E string, Yellow for the A string, Blue for the D string, Orange for the G string, Green for the B string and Purple for the high E string. And for those of you that are colour blind, there's an option for that. There is also an option to switch between left handed and right handed, invert the strings so that the Low E is on the bottom of the screen rather than the top (good for those of you that, like me, play using tab), an option that lets you choose between a 6 in-line and a 3x3 headstock, the help you tune the strings and also an option that lets you turn your electric guitar, into a bass guitar. Useful when you don't own or have the money for a bass guitar.This game also features an amazing arcade style experience called ""Guitarcade"" (Get it? Good, huh?) This is a section of the game that involves minigames that assist you in learning certain guitar techniques such as chords, fretting and many more. This is a really useful and fun thing to put into the game. The arcade-esque minigames also give you high scores. So you can compete for 1st place with people worldwide.There is also local multiplayer in this game that allows you to play with a friend (Duh) You could play lead guitar, while they play bass. Or rhythm and bass, or lead and rhythm etc. Which I haven't tried myself, but im sure is pretty cool.Side note: as the store page says, in order to play this game. You must buy a Realtone cable. You can pick those up on sites like Amazon, eBay or your local game/ tech retailer for £20/$30 US. If you wish to play multiplayer, you obviously need two.Overall, this game is an extremely useful learning tool for anybody that dreams of playing the guitar. But as always, it takes time to learn how to play (I have about 3-4 hundred hours on the PS3 version of this game, so ignore the fact that i've been playing RS2014 for just over a day on the steam version), so if you're interested, put the hours into the game and it will help.In my opinion this game is definitely one of my favourite.10/10"
76561198060436488,Recommended,221680,28849629,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jtnoble321,"100% recommend this game to new and professional guitar players.If you are just starting out, Rocksmith can help you learn easy techniques to get going.If you know how to play already, Rocksmith can guide you through new songs.Plus, if you look into it a little bit more, you can get Custom DLC packs so many songs that you think may not be in the game can be played in game.PROSGreat learning tool.Changing effects mid song to match the part being played.Works on all guitars.Also works using just a mic.CDLCCONSSometimes small latency issues (more noticable on slower PCs).If you strictly use the in game library, there is a small amount of playable songs.DLC can get expensive.PC version doesn't come with cable (obviously) and the cable costs near as much as the game'Overall GREAT GAME, and I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,221680,28850260,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SunPlantPlate,"Really enjoying my first couple of days playing and investigating Rocksmith 2014 Remastered on my Macbook Pro mid-2010 (GeForce 320M - it works just fine!)Able to import all my previous Rocksmith tunes too using the disc import tool - no CD necessary as long as your copy is registered in Steam.Love the guitarcades, riff repeater, customisable auto levelling for songs.  The advanced features are great including Tolerance which I'll make more intolerant as I advance!Overall, loving it and haven't needed to switch the colorblind mode on yet either... possibly will have to but the note height is working just fine for me so far.Highly recommended way to enjoy playing for real and hoping to enjoy a multiplayer session soon!"
76561198129066833,Recommended,221680,28933493,Posted: 2 January,all,✪CancerResearch✪,has anyone noticed but since the update the game hasnt recognized my cable this is really annoying as i would like to play and have put a fair amount of money into rocksmith does anyone know how to fix this as my pc knows it but rocksmith doesnt
76561198064005386,Recommended,221680,28931196,Posted: 1 January,all,{Pot of Greed},"theres something really special about learning to play you favorite songs and being able to say ""hey, i can play this!"" the next time you listen to it. overall rocksmith does an exellent job of teaching you how to play the guitar/bass."
76561198047421452,Recommended,221680,28912385,Posted: 1 January,all,Admiral Handsome,"Good game, remembered playing it on xbox 360. Debated on getting this too, up until I found the custom song idea. Rocksmith, you have appeased me! Comparing this to 360, it is a remastering and fixes key issues. Only slight issue I am having is playing my bass and that it doesn't always pick up the notes (mainly my lowest sounding string), even when I am playing them correctly. Could be my bass, although if others are having an issue, hopefully it'll be fixed. I'll still play this as part of my new year's resolution! Get it especially on sale!"
,Recommended,221680,28846630,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nikp1901,"Very good game for those who like to learn some guitar playing.. you won`t regret about those money) but, there is a warning: its very addictive, so you may need an external fingers, to replace after over 20 hours in a row)))"
,Recommended,221680,28925639,Posted: 1 January,all,Vitamin C,"Amazing game to play to learn guitar, teaches more than the lessons do at the guitar shop I work at. Great song choices on here for cheap songs to learn. Definitely recommend 10/10."
,Recommended,221680,29070816,Posted: 6 January,all,Arom3s,"I've been playing guitar for over 10 years and I will honestly say that this is an excellent buy for anyone who is new to guitar or even those who have been playing as long as I have. The session mode is awesome for practicing scales, chords, etc, etc. You can learn new songs. There are lessons for just about every technique in the book (some more advanced lessons are missing). You can even create a custom tone if you have the real tone cable. This game was and still is worth every penny."
76561198106818412,Recommended,221680,29020707,Posted: 4 January,all,MrRyangrrr,"Got it in the sale for £7 odd. Really good for learning notes and chords. Not the greatest teacher though as it will start you off easy and then start ramping up the difficulty, before you even get the hang of the previous notes. Would recommend a real teacher over this, though this game is good for practising notes and chords you've been tought.Tunung is pretty meh, it isn't overly accurate, with the needle that tells you how good your tuning is, decides to go all over the place as your string rings out, this makes you pretty unsure if you're actually in tune or not.  Though to be fair it would be a huge ballache if you had to be on the dot with the tuning.It is also a huge ballache to tune with a capo, will tune fine without it, then decides to be stupid when you put your capo on.In its defence though it helps you tune to different tunings like Drop D and Open A.The game also has a colourblind mode which is a thoughtful addition because the game is colour-coded, but it hasn't helped me much as it's now different colours that's throwing me off. It might be because I'm on the wrong colourblindness setting. (I'll check later)A really fun thing you can do is take tones from actual songs to play with, like you actually have the pedals. You can use this to replicate your favourite songs in the right tone or pick tones like vibrato from Knights of Cydonia and just make random noises with it.Overall this is a great game. It's so good being able to plug your guitar into your computer and play along to your favourite songs. You will need a specific cable for this though which wouldn't be too bad if the price of the thing wasn't a♥♥♥♥♥♥take. £35 retail (I cheated and bought a used copy of the old game for XBOX 360 with the cable for £20.)If you're new to guitar this is a good tool to help you learn."
,Recommended,221680,28572731,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DojoMojoMofo,"1. Have guitar2. Play guitar3. ?????4. Profit!Seriously though, this system is great at pushing you out of your comfort zone and into the next skill level. I've gone from nothing at all to playing rock songs decently. It's more for people who know similar ""highway"" music games like Guitar Hero, Guitar Freaks, Beatmania, DJ Max, etc, but once you get it, this might be the most sensible notation system for showing what you need to do with a guitar to play a song - given all the techniques involved, such as harmonics, mutes, tremolo, vibrato, bends, slides, etc.The PS3 version of RS1 was a broken mess, but the PC version of 2014 actually works quite well - just note that it may mess up the volume of any recording devices it finds, so you'll be really quiet on the mic after playing this."
,Recommended,221680,7507733,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,MrRandomChicken,"This game is absolutely brilliant at what it does. It's very efficient at teaching you what you need to know, and gives you lessons on techniques and gives you suggestions on what you need to improve after you play a song as a real teacher would. The riff repeater allows you to focus on small sections of songs and vary the speeds to help you figure out what's going on and how to do it. I find it brilliant for teaching guitar, and I use it virtually every day. This newer 2014 version fixes everything that the origional didn't quite do right, for example in my experience the latency is distinctly lower, and it runs a lot smoother. The session mode is also great for if you want to just sit back and have a relaxed jam with some other instruments without being criticised. Amazing game. *****"
76561198024000408,Recommended,221680,28660577,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Stryker,"Great way to get your Guitar and Bass basics, as well as learn more advanced techniques, while learning your favorite songs. I'm constantly blasting this on my Klipsch speakers and jamming out. I've always wanted to learn guitar and now I've definitely got some songs pretty down pat; they're also coming out with new songs all the time."
,Recommended,221680,27473458,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Metal,"The Remastered Edition helped the game a lot, especially if you use custom songs.In my opinion this is still one of the best learning experiences on the market, not only because it is a ton of fun, but because it works as well.You have lots of minigames to learn the techniques or you can jump right into your favorite song. Who knows, maybe you even find some music you didn't think you would like?In the end I can say that I still have great fun with this game, it might not be the most professional learning software, but it is a game. you are supposed to have fun with this, even if the learning is a bit slower."
,Recommended,221680,27533888,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FlameSpirit,The most entertaining way to learn how to play the guitar!10/10
76561198018420341,Recommended,221680,27929862,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rin,Is awesome....
,Recommended,221680,27514908,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ObligatedCupid1,"Oh man I love this game. I barely used to play my bass, never found the time, but as soon as I got this I played for 4 hours straight, literally until my fingers bled. Can't reccomend it highly enough, regular dlc songs added, in a wide selection"
76561197998514587,Recommended,221680,27511861,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xzqte,My favorite thing to do at friday nights
76561198294664849,Recommended,221680,33244865,Posted: 4 July,all,Snoobiehead,i LOVE it
,Recommended,221680,33434285,Posted: 10 July,all,Evo.,"It's a very good tool to learn to play the guitar. I was a complete noob, but now I can play decently some very hard songs. The game has differents mechanics, various minigames, and believe me, all of them help you to improve your skills. The only bad thing is that most of the songs that I wanted to play were in DLC packs, so check what songs are you want, and see if they are DLC. There's also a community of modders that let you put any song into the game, but apperently Ubisoft don't like them very much, and they have been ""fighting"" between updates. Oh, and apperently there's a audio delay if you play on the TV, a headset will resolve the problem."
76561198046306057,Recommended,221680,33437885,Posted: 10 July,all,Ricardo Velozo,Very good! think of it as training wheels... after a while you can rock on your own!
,Recommended,221680,28208855,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Jopezo,this game will teach you how to guitaryou can also use it as a virtual amp
,Recommended,221680,30208859,Posted: 26 February,all,Skeleton Warrior #78927,PROS AND CONS TIMEPros:-Actually Helps-Really good layout-Amazing songs to learnCONS:-distortions start to crash after a while of playing-game stops loading amplifiers after a while-Random Crashes after a while as well
,Recommended,221680,28361805,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,xOGx RockStaRs,i do NOT Recommend this game after the 13December Update the game ins now unplayble GG Rocksmith Devs!!!*Update it's all good again finnaly :D
,Recommended,221680,26395214,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,N7 Adept,bent my strings so much i snapped them3/10 controls break after usage
,Recommended,221680,31186909,Posted: 16 April,all,Python,Best way to have fun and play guitar.
,Recommended,221680,31146774,Posted: 14 April,all,IronBeastX,Awesome game for improving your guitar skills and speed!!!
,Recommended,221680,31147694,Posted: 14 April,all,DotJJ,good
76561198011609965,Recommended,221680,30252257,Posted: 28 February,all,Cinimod,"I love this game! In terms of fun, I think it could be compared to a very challenging version of Guitar Hero... but at the same time, I think that's unfair to Rocksmith.I've only been using the game for about 3 weeks - I can't play every day because I have 2 small children and a demanding job, but I've already learned quite a bit. I didn't get near this far with my guitar and a book!My one and only complaint is that several bands I love (Red Hot Chili Peppers, Metallica, etc.) haven't allowed their songs to be in the game - but that's not Rocksmith's fault, I'm sure!"
,Recommended,221680,21700891,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Plethysmancer,"I am editing my review in the hopes that less angry words will affect change, since this game is now being patched and actually improved uponMy biggest complaint, besides stability issues, is the amount of ""No thank yous"" users have to press just to start the game.  Online accounts, trying to connect to servers that don't exist, being told it can't connect even though I told it not to, then being told 'THIS GAME SAVES YOUR PROGRESS' like the user has never played a video game.  Starting the game should *at worst* load a few videos we can Esc out of and then go directly to the main screen.Since things are being improved and apparently the IP owners care again, I'm changing this to a Yes recommendation in the hopes that they continue to improve, even with basic Quality of Life changes."
76561197971132782,Recommended,221680,31088754,Posted: 11 April,all,Vdram,"Best $60 bucks I ever spent!!!  Wish I had done it sooner.  Never played guitar before, the wife had an electric one layin around figured id give it a try, thinking it was going to be to tough to enjoy. Debated for months on end wether to try it or not. Finally tried it and its great!!  It is better than I expected and is a great tool to teach you guitar.   It is extremely fun and motivating.  No matter how good or bad you are it gets u right into it and makes u come back again and again which is exactly what you need. Practice practice pratice. Would recommend to everyone!! I'd have never learned it the old fashion way.  Its got lyrics, lead guitar, rhythm, bass  even multiplayer local. My hours may not be high on here but i actually bought this version while it was on sale because my xbox version doesnt have custom forge."
,Recommended,221680,29193026,Posted: 11 January,all,Sabmerk,"Learn to play guitar guys.You gotta pay money for the cable, the game, the guitar, songs, all that other stuff.Still cheaper than guitar lessons though so i'm sold"
,Recommended,221680,29385923,Posted: 20 January,all,uskn,"Great product! Totally reignited my old passion for playing guitar. Also make sure to check out their stream on Twitch when releasing new DLC, seems to be some cool people who ""creates"" the music for this game"
76561198336712089,Recommended,221680,29759000,Posted: 7 February,all,Zephyr ~(^-^)~,Excellent game. Even in just a few hours I'm learning new riffs! Would definitely recommend to any guitar player.
,Recommended,221680,29734355,Posted: 5 February,all,Mex,"Interviewer: Do you feel that playing rock 'n' roll music keeps you a child? That is, keeps you in a state of arrested development?Derek Smalls: No. No. No. I feel it's like, it's more like going, going to a, a national park or something. And there's, you know, they preserve the moose. And that's, that's my childhood up there on stage. That moose, you know.Interviewer: So when you're playing you feel like a preserved moose on stage?Derek Smalls: Yeah."
76561198151921452,Recommended,221680,29709388,Posted: 4 February,all,Crazy Mariachi9,its great!
76561198014019132,Recommended,221680,29726532,Posted: 5 February,all,jason.bottjen,"Have had a blast playing along with the songs. It has been a very fun way to get more practice in, and improve my skills!"
,Recommended,221680,30033145,Posted: 19 February,all,Lostn Sound,"LostnGames Rocksmith 2014 ReviewOverviewIn overview there is a lot to like about this game. If you have played the original this is everything a sequel should be. It improves upon it by adding more content and most importantly streamlining the process and giving you more options about how you specifically want to learn. It is well optimized in comparison to the first one and runs very smooth.It must be noted that if you are just looking for a game to play this may not be for you. While the dynamic skill progression is very intellegent and helps to cater to your skill level it is by no means an easy game. If you are looking at a way to learn OR just practice guitar it is a very fun way to get measurable results no matter your skill level.ContentThere is a lot of content in this game. Over 50 songs to begin with and unlockable content. A variety of playstyles and most songs can be played in Rhythm or Lead guitar as well as bass. One of the coolest features added to this edition though is the session mode where you can mess around and create your own virtual backing band that will intellegently listen to what you play and play along. There is also an arcade jam packed with many different games to practice various techniques such as slides, harmonics, and chords and since they are score based you can always come back and see how you are progressing. In regards to the DLC while for what they are I wouldnt say they are necessarily overpriced if you think about buying a song on itunes although if you plan on buying multiple DLC items the price of the game will skyrocket. There are ways to add custom songs by modding the game... but I am not sure how well this will work or not and may lead to you reinstalling the game and losing content if it doesnt work.ConclusionAll together it is a very nice package for the price and a big leap forward from the previous title. Graphically it won't blow you away but it gets the job done and everything in the UI is clean and uncluttered. It is a fantastic and fun tool and anyone interested in learning guitar I would recommend picking this game up."
,Recommended,221680,29881984,Posted: 12 February,all,Hot 1277,"This game makes the worst part about guitar something you actually want to do: practice.You've got positive feedback telling you where you're missing, and where you're killin' it. All while the progress bar tells you that you're actually improving. Plenty of songs you know and want to learn (may be sold seperately) and new ones are still being added.The game itself is a little unstable at times, Occasionally freezing on loading screens, but that may be my large song library.10/10 would shred again."
76561197990304458,Recommended,221680,29961530,Posted: 16 February,all,MaxRox13,"For anybody who has started playing guitar, this is a good practicing tool to improve your skills in a fun way."
,Recommended,221680,29956408,Posted: 15 February,all,FlyingWrench,This is a really fantastic way to learn how to play guitar!  I've learned more in just a few months playing it than I have in the five years prior.
,Recommended,221680,29911083,Posted: 13 February,all,"Rod ""bit Odd"" Surly","After just a few days (about 6 hours of play), I have some callouses, bad hand cramps, knowledge of a few chords, and a big smile on my face.  I know it will not be easy, but I am already seeing improvement.I learned to play drums from Rock Band (1-3), so why not become a video game trained Dave Grohl? :DUPDATE:After 6 weeks, I have only gotten the game to run stable for 20 hours.  Almost every time I start it, it gives an error message. Either it can't detect the input from the cable (which has been in the same place the entire time), no audio output (which also never changes), it gives no error, but also outputs no sound, or it flat out crashes.  I have made no changes to my computer and was actually enjoying this game and learning guitar.  I guess I should not have bothered with the expensive cable."
,Recommended,221680,29675114,Posted: 3 February,all,DoubleW,"This game/tool has helped me a lot to learn playing the guitar.Pro's- DD (Dynamic Difficulty) This one helps a ton if you want to learn a song, first you learn the pacing then the real shifting- Guitarcade really makes practicing techniques fun.- CDLC (Custom DLC's) you're going to want the cherub rock dlc, but then you can have a ton more songs!- Awesome songs- Good lessons, you can learn playing the guitar at YOUR pace which is really nice.Cons- You have to buy the honestly overpriced realtone cable, you don't HAVE to, but the mic tends to be inaccurate.- Dlcs are overpriced in my opinion, 4000 euros for all dlc?! This one is more an opinion than anything, I personally believe they should be in bigger packs- Doesn't pick up certain techniques/unique playstyles. It doesn't matter if you hammer on for example, you can just play it by fretting and picking. Or the mutes you have to do in between certain chords in born to be wild aren't necessary (I'm sure there are a ton more, but these are a couple examples)- Lacks death metal songs, but they probably just don't want to destroy your strings.I rate 8/10 definitaly a must have for any (bass)guitarist."
,Recommended,221680,29786052,Posted: 8 February,all,AnonymousSquid,Good game if you want to learn bass or guitar or if you want to learn some new tricks in the instrument.
76561198097312123,Recommended,221680,29795948,Posted: 8 February,all,tHe_gReeN_GiR,"i had rocksmith 2014 on my ps3, before my ps3 broke anyway, and i also own it on the xbone. i would like to say that rocksmith 2014 has helped me learn how to play. i mean i could slide around the neck like a beast before, but now i actually know how to play coards, bends, and harmonics. the remastered addition isn't different enough from the original that it is like learning a new interface.it kind of makes me upset that i've spent so much money on xbox one's rocksmith 2014 game and i cannot download the songs that i own on there for free on steam, but other than that i like that i can practice guitar with the guitarchade again."
,Recommended,221680,29777504,Posted: 8 February,all,..............,"So I first started playing guitar in late 2011 (after previously being a drummer). I had troubles figuring stuff out and would just give up easily on trying to learn different things. With Rocksmith I never really had that problem.I didnt try Rocksmith until late 2014 but it definetly made me evolve and become better as a guitar player. Reaching that first 100% on a song really made me motivated to do more. I already had some knowledge of the guitar since before Rocksmith and I can say in all honesty that the game really boosted the speed of the learning process.To master an instrument you have to understand that you can't learn it all.The learning never ends, but Rocksmith sure as hell makes it go by faster and smoother. Learn scales, chords, songs or just jam in the session mode or nonstop play.(one BIG plus is that you can split-screen with a friend if you both have instruments and two cables. One of my friends plays the bass and we've been having a lot of fun)So should you buy this game?DEFINETLY.It's perfect for those who wanna learn guitar but also for those already experienced who just want to have some fun with it."
,Recommended,221680,29776518,Posted: 7 February,all,Rodrigo Alarcon,"Rocksmith is a very fun way to learn how to play guitar or bass, iñm still not 100% convinced that it´s for everyone out ther willing to learn we all learn in a different way, but it worth the try, the wort that can happen is that u will have a very good game to practice what you learned out side of it!What REALL SUCK is that this game is not allowd to be streamed since all the music is copyrighted.. for me that is PLAIN STUPID, since i`m not staring a radio program and BTW i payed for the rigth to play the freaking music!."
,Recommended,221680,29745834,Posted: 6 February,all,RasterHHz,Esse jogo é maravilhoso.
76561198063480973,Recommended,221680,29351591,Posted: 18 January,all,EquesIncognito25,"Great game. Love the different approach to guitar lessons and how the difficulty will ramp up as you complete more of the song. Love the minigames that teach you different things like string placement, chords, scales, bends etc. Just a great great game"
,Recommended,221680,32243679,Posted: 7 June,all,Brain Digger,"The best way to learn how to play guitar.My skills have improved tenfold ever since I started playing Rocksmith.The cons:1. Some guitars work better than others when it comes to the game picking up your audio. You may need to have expansive pickups on your guitar. It's obviously recommended to have a Gibson guitar for this game.2. The UI isn't built for touch oriented devices. I'm playing on a tablet PC running Windows 10, which doesn't have a built in keyboard.3. No crazy things like whammy bar detection or support for guitars with more than 6 strings.4. Some of the songs require 24 frets, and if you're playing on a 22 fret guitar - you're screwed.The pros:It's freakin' Guitar Hero but for real! What else do you need?"
76561198101782366,Recommended,221680,32226580,Posted: 6 June,all,Jcc996,"Rocksmith is Fantastic for AnybodyWhether you are an expert at playing guitar/bass, never touched one, or whatever your skill level is. Rocksmith will easily teach and improve your understanding and skill at guitar.It is very accurate.Lets you determine what you want to focus on.Learn techniques through the song list, practice sessions, or theGuitarcade,and videos. Whatever way helps you learn.The song list is very diverse, also each song isn't just songs for to people to like but to teach other methods used on your instrument.Or you can just have a jam session.I could go on all day about this, but I suggest this for anybody that has an interest in music. I've played guitar for about decade and this has taught me more and helped me become a better player and still does."
76561198132174105,Recommended,221680,32344348,Posted: 11 June,all,thewoodenmanikin,Excellent tool to learn guitar with
,Recommended,221680,32513496,Posted: 17 June,all,Dat boi,"Great game, good gameplay, but every time i load up the game it puts like 100 damn layers of reverb, overdrive and distortion on the tone for no reason."
76561198028341882,Recommended,221680,32548717,Posted: 18 June,all,Ey_Up,Absolutely brilliant if your new to guitar like me and want to learn how to play the tunes you like without paying a fortune for lessons. This teaches you everything you need to know at a pace you control.
,Recommended,221680,32527149,Posted: 17 June,all,Television's Mario Lopez,"I've been playing bass for about ten years and bought this more to have something to jam along with than anything else. However, I still find myself improving as a bass player, correcting bad habits I've gotten into over the years, and have definitely become more adept at playing genres and styles of music that I personally never really did before. Rocksmith's a great tool for the most part, although the lessons could be a bit more in-depth for total newcomers. As an extra warning to bass players, the game has trouble recognizing the E string once you tune down to Drop D or lower, and while there's ways to compensate, it's still not as perfect as you'd probably like. So be aware that songs that are in D Drop C for example are going to be a little unreliable on a bass, and I guess keep it mind if you really wanted to learn to play those A Day To Remember songs."
,Recommended,221680,32522321,Posted: 17 June,all,Ungrateful,"A great game that takes the first and upgrades it in almost every way.  While I don't think it can replace lessons or learning guitar through different methods it's great for memorizing the fretboard, dexterity, and just jamming along with your favorite songs.  I'd leave learning complex solos and riffs to tabs while taking advantage of the minigames and the stuff you can play through sight reading.  Note that you have to buy the cable from somewhere else.Pros:Diverse set list with additional dlc being added even recentlyThe tone designer is great for anyone that like to play around with different effects.  Many times I'll boot up the game just for it.Cons:DLC is relatively expensive.The song select screen becomes a mess after you start adding additional songs.  It doesn't utilize the mouse to its potential (Obviously for consoles)Requires extra hardware...but what are you going to do?"
76561198044025817,Recommended,221680,32583324,Posted: 19 June,all,Opaque_Window,"I'm gonna compare this on the Bass only side, since that's the only thing i play.Where's the fifth string?The arcade is Lacking, its missing quite a few of the mini games from guitar.and honestly that's all i i have played.I'm a Paramore ""fan"", along with 90's Grunge, Early 2k Pop rock.None of that exists here (small exceptions). I had to look elsewhere.if you are really interested in learning guitar or bass do it.spend an hour a day on the lesssons and you will get far in no time.or be like me and play the same 54 songs over and over and overand over and over and over and over and over and over and over and overand over and over and over and over and over and over and over and overand over and over and over and over and over and over and over and overand over and over and over and over and over and over and over and overand over and over and over and over and over and over and over and overagain."
76561198070994842,Recommended,221680,29096671,Posted: 7 January,all,2FiftyGram,Why this game dont have any tool song
,Recommended,221680,32728582,Posted: 24 June,all,jumpa,"I was dying to learn bass guitar for ages (already play guitar).  i bought a bass guitar and it sat gathering dust for months- i just couldn't get into it.  I saw this game and wondered if it could give me the jump-start i needed.  after a bit of messing about getting the game started, i had fun playing the songs included (especially ""Hey ya"")- my download also came with some extra DLC as a freebie.  The included songs are mostly bad/unheard of songs, but a good mix of genres.i found that i was playing songs quickly, having already played guitar for a long time, and after a few plays could reach 80% difficulty on most songs.  what i was disappointed with was the learning side of things.  the game will give recommendations for learning games and song sections to practice next, but these aren't always correct- like i will have reached 100% difficulty on one section and it will offer it again, for example.  also, i still have very little idea of techniques and stuff on bass guitar...The best thing about the game is playing the songs!  Very very fun :)  Allows me to play songs much more quickly and easily than if i was using tabs to learn, though i don't feel that i've actually learned much.  I couldn't play any of the songs without looking at rocksmith.DLC is extortion!!  even on sale."
76561198024976424,Recommended,221680,32739415,Posted: 24 June,all,blake.stvnsn,This game is for anyone who ever wanted to pick up a guitar. Start with early basics and build all the way up to playing a song note for note. Ever cool guitar practice mini games.
,Recommended,221680,32703799,Posted: 23 June,all,tetsuyabh,"Excellent way to motivate yourself to keep practicing casually.  Probably not a great game for virtuosos, but a great way to keep your foundation."
,Recommended,221680,32919651,Posted: 28 June,all,Beetlejuice,nice game helps a lot if u wanna learn to play
76561197966560234,Recommended,221680,22349359,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Korn Prime,"Great way for non-musicians to feel like rockstars and learn how to play a few songs.IMPORTANT: The store page says as much, but still, you will need a realtone cable and a guitar to play this. This means you will either need to purchase it separately through a retail store, or already own it from a hardcopy or console version of the game.That being said, the game does actually offer some memorable tunes from the get-go, with even more available (for a steep price) as DLC or with an import tool from the previous iteration of the game.Practice in this game CAN teach you how to play specific songs on your guitar. What it won't teach you is how to play guitar in general.EDIT circa May of 2017: Since it morphed into the ""Remastered"" version it has gone a LOT more accurate with registering your guitar input. If you tried it before and were disappointed about how sometimes you would pluck the strings to no avail, this issue is next to non-existant now.Also, I might have missed this last time, or it may be a new feature: It can now work via microphone instead of a cable (for acoustic guitars), but I am pretty sure that is not going to be very practical or accurate with an electric guitar."
,Recommended,221680,31989154,Posted: 26 May,all,DonovanDunedain,Incredible game. I've been playing music for almost 20 years now and I steal learn wealths of musical insight and technique. I'm very impressed and can't wait for the drum/ percussion edition. Thanks!
,Recommended,221680,31779606,Posted: 15 May,all,arashbm,It is amazing how much it helps me stay encouraged and engaged just by all the mini-games and dynamically increasing the difficulty of the songs every time I come back to them based on what I have learned and how I played each part last time.
76561198251245072,Recommended,221680,31784402,Posted: 16 May,all,LadyDevulznemy,You Must Buy THE REAL TONE CABLE!!!! i bought this game back in Nov. Just recently bought the Real tone cable. been holding off cause they are pretty pricey. got mine for $23!!! (Got Lucky online).The Real Tone Cable is an Amazing item. Makes a world of difference. It makes every song you play on this game sound like the actual songs. you dont have to fart around with peddles and Tones to sound like the bands itll do it for you. The real tone cable is where the magic comes from.well that and yourself. Also this is a fun learning tool for Bass and Guitar. I played guitar and bass when i was 13 up to my early 20s. i just started playing again last year im 29 now! picked up this game and my skills are like a thousand times better and stronger then ever because of this game. love It.
,Recommended,221680,32049132,Posted: 29 May,all,byoungman,"I've had a guitar since I was 16, and it's been quite difficulet finding a way to focus up and learn to play.  I'm thirty now.  In the last six months, I've been playing this game pretty heavily, and the reviews that call it the ultimate practice tool are pretty spot-on.  In addition to the game, there are a lot of custom tools you can download that help you progress.  I've printed off the sheet music from the library to practice away from my computer.  The Custom DLC library is awesome and growing, and the paid DLC is worth it, unlike so many other games.  I use other learning sources for actual lessons, Youtube and guitar magazines being primary among them, but with the practice playing this game affords me I finally feel like I'm beginning to develop some skill.  I'm not up to par with all my friends that have been taking lessons since high school, but I'm clearing the distance with a speed that surprises even them.  It surprises me.  I finally feel like I can play.  I'm probably gushing a bit.  It feels good.  I really recommend this game to anyone trying to self-teach that feels like they're having trouble finding direction in their practice."
,Recommended,221680,32056698,Posted: 29 May,all,i love minecraft,WOW this game really knodcked my socks off!!! i liked that part in it!
76561198117739461,Recommended,221680,32153995,Posted: 3 June,all,Commander McBragg,Love it!  The lessons do help and there a lot of features that are amazing.  If you want to gain interest fast in music this is the product to start with. You get out of it what you put into it. Just like you would learning any instrument. Good way for parents to see if a younger child wants to go further with music or it's a passing phase. Highly recommended for all ages.
,Recommended,221680,32213882,Posted: 5 June,all,supergorilla,"Don't believe my time on record, I've played the original Rocksmith on the PS3 quite a bit more. This new version has different minigames and stuff, though I prefer the original scale game more than I do the 2014 one. The difficulty auto adjust is very much improved on the 2014 version, at the very least it doesn't treat you like you have a severe learning disability by removing half the notes after screwing up a few.I, however, very much still doubt the pedagogical value of Rocksmith beyond learning a handful of songs. But ruining Champagne Supernova live on your guitar amidst an ethyl stupor is something that will hopefully never grow old among your peers. Oasis sucks anyway so it's probably a riot.Heads up thought, that you need to buy the original Rocksmith to get the songs from that game, so I'm at a loss, waiting for a sale to get, like, the only good song which is obviously the Best Coast one.Recommend with the VERY STRICT CONDITION that you already have the stupid real tone cable. I've got it on bundle with the original Rocksmith for cheap and you probably can too if you try, if you can't, don't buy it."
,Recommended,221680,33778365,Posted: 24 July,all,Zapp,"This is pretty good for practicing and learning songs but I would reccomend that you also take lessons,either in-person or online to make things easier.  You can still play the songs as a total beginner as they give you single notes to play at first in songs you never played before and throw in more notes as you get better. However, keep in mind some of the songs can get pretty tough and you might pick up bad habits if you never take lessons."
76561198040290679,Recommended,221680,34040340,Posted: 5 August,all,Jordan 364,"Can be good WHEN it works well. Seems to only pick up some notes that it wants to. Seems to be good on the E standard tuning (bass), another else is awful to play, doesn't pick up hardly anything."
,Recommended,221680,34363739,Posted: 19 August,all,1nc0g,nice
76561197971878537,Recommended,221680,13480202,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Haakon,"(Bass player, my current playtime at review time is 1144 hours.)Have a guitar or bass lying around? able to get the rocksmith cable somehow? buy this!Pros (and possiblly cons):If you are dedicated, you may end up spending lots of $$$ on DLC's, equipment, joining a band, and get good enough to perform on a real stage, I have first hand knowledge.Cons:I miss some of the progressive steps getting better venues and stuff in the original rocksmith, 2014 is much better techically, but less of a ""game"" with rewards, like the first Rocksmith.They are still producing weekly DLC's after years of the initial release, some of you may not find your absolute favourite band, but the team are extremely dedicated to do anything in their powers to get the most wanted songs in the library."
,Recommended,221680,34239953,Posted: 14 August,all,"Robopope, The Robot Pope","Great for if you want to dissapoint a computer with your terrible playing rather than a person, 10/10 would miss that shred againBut seriously though, Rocksmith can't replace a proper, skilled guitar teacher if you want to get really good at guitar but it's great if you want to just play for enjoyment more casually or to keep yourself practicing between lessons. I've been playing for nearly 15 years now and Rocksmith is great for learning new tab and sharpening techniques I wouldn't otherwise use much in practice. Highly recommend no matter your skill level."
76561198109897886,Recommended,221680,34227791,Posted: 13 August,all,felix,Great game for learning the guitar and still great for just regular playing.
,Recommended,221680,27545715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The weeb inside us,Mum threw my pc away saying that she was unable to sleep.It was only 2A.M and the speaker wasnt even at 10 GG would wake up my neoighbours again.
76561198007120925,Recommended,221680,34245407,Posted: 14 August,all,Dinoabunai,"Best way to learn a guitar. I tried to learn without it - twice. Nothing, Then I found Rocksmith and it's just amazing!"
76561198008819965,Recommended,221680,34207977,Posted: 13 August,all,Free Roberto,"If you're really serious, get an actual teacher.But it's a good practice tool, and presents challenges in an entertaining way.  Not a bad thing to have in your arsenal."
76561198374092820,Recommended,221680,34320914,Posted: 17 August,all,NYCRider,love this game. perfect to learn guitar
,Recommended,221680,34322648,Posted: 18 August,all,Imaginary Fiend,"So, you want to play guitar? Rocksmith can get you STARTED. Its fun, yes, is it a game? also yes. Because of this i would 100% reccomend getting some form of teacher, I use rocksmith as a sort of tool to help me with my speed, and it doesnt hurt that its fun. It can teach you to play songs, but it wont tell you if your fingering is off, or how to pick a certian riff properly. So if you want to break into guitar, and see if its for you, rocksmith could help you take the first step. But, get a teacher, your quality of life will be so much better.Disclaimer ( tldr ); This game wont turn you into Steve Vai, but it will help you start out. GET A TUTOR"
,Recommended,221680,7787037,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,BiCE,Over 300 hours later i can safely say i'm really good at Smoke In The Water.Next up Crazy Train.
76561198125644505,Recommended,221680,34569119,Posted: 28 August,all,damiangto,"If you want to learn to play guitar, then this game is a fun way to do it.Sure you still need to keep training the normal way, but this make it much more fun."
76561197987214845,Recommended,221680,34582331,Posted: 29 August,all,L1minal,"Highly recommended to anyone who has any interest in learning the guitar.Although the game is lenient in terms of accuracy, its ultimately a faster way to learn songs when compared to a standard tablature.Especially recommended for people who may have been stuck in the learning process"
,Recommended,221680,34696232,Posted: 2 September,all,CrackHoor,"Excellent game, and a great way to learn guitar if you pair it with a bit of theory and some lessons if you can. It does let you get away with some bad habits, technique-wise, but it's a great motivator and a fun way to pick up your guitar everyday and get your fingers moving. Keep a wishlist with your most-wanted DLC songs and stock up when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,221680,34727797,Posted: 3 September,all,ZakarySenpai,this game is great!
,Recommended,221680,34689687,Posted: 2 September,all,Demonslayer428,So much fun
,Recommended,221680,34769498,Posted: 5 September,all,Comrade Potato,"The times laid to hours played ratio on this game is better than anything else on the steam platform and probably most if not all PC games out there.It also works for learning guitar, I guess."
76561198065361346,Recommended,221680,34743112,Posted: 4 September,all,Killed Shinigami,"I'm not sure if this game can teach you play any instrument but it's a really nice way to playing your favourite songs as well as to learn some new ones. The variety of genres and bands is wide. Interface is comfortable and user-friendly.Now you don't even need a special cable to play! You can just use your amp, which I always thought was a better idea.10/10"
76561197993176053,Recommended,221680,33962100,Posted: 1 August,all,Breadfan,"I recommend this game/tool (ill explain why I call it a tool later) to anyone from those who are completley new to music in every way all the way up to very skilled musicians. I've played this game and its predecessor constantly ever seince the the first was released and i started as a complete beginner and through out the years me and my father have spent and embarrasing amount of cash on DLC for this game (i recomend the audioslave and soundgarden packs :D ). Its really great for getting you into playing guitar and bass and have fun without a band. I will alwayse say this is better than something like guitarhero due to it essentialy being the same game, but  you actually develop a great skill and hobby. Seriously if you have the choice of buying this with a cheap (probably garbage guitar) or guitar hero GET THIS PLEASE. Any bottom of the line used ibanez (what i had) or anything on craigslist will server you well if you are only using it for this.The only thing i can see wrong about this game is that you need a uplay account."
76561198203581996,Recommended,221680,34779147,Posted: 6 September,all,1kreator,"A great way to learn Guitar, I like it Because it's kinda like Guitar Hero, But you are using a real guitar.I wish you could play with other friends or other people online!!"
76561198053108624,Recommended,221680,7902243,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Chaos,"I love it so far. Don't wait, get it now, it's that good. They just need to work on making the rocksmith song import pack easier to access for us. It would be nice if previous Rocksmith users got the songs for a discount."
76561197980925840,Recommended,221680,35407074,Posted: 1 October,all,MineGuy,"I just started playing my acoustic over the microphone. There's certainly some inaccuracies, though not far off at all. Even playing on 1-3 difficulty as a beginner it's great hearing how a guitar ties into songs so well. I feel like I'm learning and learning how to quickly eyeball different fret notes. Guitar is tough! but at least there's this game to start jamming! Overall progress is really slow, but I'm having fun so."
76561198104199240,Recommended,221680,35497981,Posted: 5 October,all,greg.holley,Love this game.
