user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,222480,9375126,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,AestheticGamer,"Resident Evil Revelations is Capcom's attempt at a modern 'survival-horror' game, and makes claims to go back to the series roots. This isn't completely true, but that also does not mean this game isn't worth your time.Resident Evil Revelations primarily focuses on Jill Valentine before the events of Resident Evil 5. Chris has gone missing (which if Claire has anything to say on the matter, is not an uncommon thing), and a distress signal has been sounded off on a cruise ship left out on a stormy sea. Jill, and new-comer Parker, go in to investigate. And what commences is probably one of the cheesiest plots to exist in the whole series. Resident Evil being cheesy isn't anything new, but this is usually a result of voice acting or nonsensical doors. The plot of the game is just ridiculous, with over-the-top plot twists, extravagant characters even by the series standards, and almost feels like it's convoluted for the sake of being convoluted. But that's not to say it's bad. In a B-Horror sense it's actually rather entertaining, but I suggest you don't come to this game for some deep drama or serious tale and take it for the off-the-rails ridiculous story that it is.The game is split into 12 episodes, which in part have two parts each. Typically in each episode, you'll play one part of it as Jill in the 'present', exploring the ship and its horrors. The other half changes chapter-per-chapter of what it contains, but typically it stars some other character, either in the present or at some other time, doing something somewhere else that's somehow important to the story. These chapters are usually notably more action-packed than Jill's chapters, and honestly they're usually not quite as good as Jill's chapters either, but they're not terrible. And as the game has an episodic structure, episodes usually end off with a cliff-hanger, and when you start the next episode, it starts amusingly off with a, ""Previously, on Resident Evil Revelations..."" recap.The game plays sort of like Resident Evil 4 or 5, but there are differences to the system here. Firstly, the first big difference you may notice are the enemies. The Oozes, are what they're called, and they don't just look different, they chug along, waving their bodies all over the place making them a bit hard to hit. On top of this, they respond different to being shot than, say, Ganado or Majinni. And this takes a bit of adjusting too. Basically, the Oozes are hurt most in the head, but shooting them in the head doesn't actually stun them (and they won't explode in this game, either). It's actually sometimes far more worth your time to shoot their arms or legs. Oozes can lose use of their limbs temporarily, and can be noted when their limbs are damaged and unusable as they dangle around once damaged enough. If you shoot the legs of an Ooze, it'll start crawling around. Shoot an arm off, and it won't be able to use attacks with that arm for a time. Shoot both arms off, and the enemy will be stun-locked, letting you run-in and melee the enemy. Unlike RE4 or 5, you can hold-down the melee button to charge it up for a more powerful melee strike.There's other changes too that lead to the game feeling different. There's no red herbs, or first-aid sprays, only green herbs in this game, and they're full heals in the title so its often worth holding onto them until you're almost dead. The game has some swimming sections, where you can't shoot your gun but just swim around the flooded areas and make sure to get air every once in a while. You have an item scanner, which you mainly use to find hidden items or scan enemies to fill a percentage (as when it reaches 100%, it gives you a free green herb and resets itself back to 0%).  All of these changes lead to this feeling like a very different sort of game.The ship is atmospheric and moody, and while linear, does contain the sort of back-tracking and key-collecting you'd expect. Puzzles are underplayed unfortunately, but the game does throw some interesting twists and turns your way through the course of the game to keep things interesting.The enemies are also fairly varied. The main force being a selection of different types of Oozes, as mentioned earlier, but there's other types about, one returning BOW from the older series, and the game does a pretty good job at introducing new enemies up until the end of the game. There's also a few bosses, who work well for being intimidating, but also fun to fight.Music is actually rather fantastic. Some excellent songs help the mood and keep the cold ocean feel and melodic charm going. There are several stand-out tracks, but the entirety of it is pretty good.And let me get this out of the way. It's an excellent PC port. The game shows its handheld nature in many ways, but the graphics have been updated substantially since its original 3DS release. Lots of options to customize, and it runs rather well. Honestly the only issue I've really had at all with the port is sometimes when in windowed mode if you click out a lot, the game will on the rare occasion crash, but its a very minor thing, both as its fairly rare and the game saves progression automatically quite regularly.The only other thing to touch base on is Raid Mode, which is the replacement in this game to Mercenaries Mode. To best describe it would be to basically say imagine Mercenaries had a child with Monster Hunter, as in this mode you go through locations from the game (either alone, or with a co-op partner online) and hunt and kill monsters, get a ranking, and earn loot. Guns, mods, and the like. You can unlock a rather large variety of characters from the game, each who have their own unique skills (some better use certain weapons, some recover health over time, each has a different knifing style and melee attack, etc.), and a unique level. The level system is like an RPG, where you gain experience and gaining a level increases things like your defense and attack power. However, in a neat addition, you can select your level when selecting your character up to the point you've unlocked, so let's say I had a level 20 Jill but wanted to play with someone who was level 2, I could lower my level down to 2 to play with them a bit more fairly, and then raise it back up whenever I wanted, but not past the level I've unlocked, which is 20.Raid Mode is absolutely addicting, and probably what will keep you coming back to this title most if you take the delve into it. There's 21 levels, and each one gets longer, more extravagant, and as they go along, start throwing in things like multiple explorable areas and even boss monsters from the campaign. On-top of this, each level has four different difficulties, and these don't just make them harder, but change the layout of each where enemies spawn, where items are, and more. But you need to finish all the stages on one difficulty to unlock the next difficulty. That is, except the 21st level, which is kind of a bonus level that's only recommended if you're maxed out. The last level is a treat in itself that you have to work hard to tackle. It's basically the entire ship from the main game turned into an open-world, enemy-infested obstacle course, with multiple ending points, multiple paths through the ship, and lots of goodies to collect, including a hidden boss exclusive to this stage. It's a lot of fun and very challenging.Revelations may have a convoluted story, cheesy dialogue, key collecting, back-tracking, and interesting inhuman enemies... But it also feels more like a mash-up of new with the old, and not a true overall callback to the classic survival-horror of the series. But that doesn't mean it's a bad game, and completely worth your time if you either enjoy the series or enjoy these sort of action or horror type of games. It's a lot of fun, and has a good amount of replay value. It may not be the best in its series, but it's a fun, ridiculous ride while it lasts."
76561198040024328,Recommended,222480,18374085,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,The vintage feeling,"General info~Genre: Action game with survival horror elements~Number of players: 1-2~Completion time: 8-30 hours~Multiplayer cooperation mode~Originally a Nintendo 3DS title~Downloadable content: availableStrong points+Atmosphere:Resident Evil: Revelations (RE:R)offers a combination of survival horror elements and action sequences. Explore an abandoned ship, read memos of former events, examine corpses, solve puzzles along the way, but be ready to survive a relentless undead assault at any moment.+That music made my day: The soundtrack, (mostly consisted of zombie growls, victim screams and background music) being atmospheric and experimental, transformsRE:Rinto an unforgettable experience. Headphone use strongly recommended. The soundtrack on Youtube by Canal de Redblogij:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l850aJb0JY8&list=PLC3E70FFEF4BC3FD6+Cast of characters: The original duet (Jill Valentine-Chris Redfield) has returned for a new dance with the undead. At the same time, some of the newest cast entries are quite interesting (Parker, Cadet, Jessica, etc.) and would definitely benefit futureREtitles with their appearance.+Enemies: Instead of your ordinary, slow, rotting zombies,RE:Rfeatures a wide array of enemies, each with its own strength and weaknesses. Since the title revolves around an aquatic environment, your opponents were designed accordingly. Their forms are some of the best the series has ever presented.+Chapter separation:RE:Ris divided into chapters. Each chapter offers new challenges and gives the player the opportunity to control different characters. Before each new chapter a summary of the previous one is shown, thus preventing the players from forgetting what has happened, in case they decide to play the game sporadically.+Scanning system: “Genesis” is a unique equipment which scans your surroundings for hidden ammo, herbs and items. Also, scanning enemies has its benefits.+Inventory system:RE:Rdemands clever use of herbs (only 5 can be carried at a time), bullets and grenades. Inventory is at first limited but can be expanded by finding certain inventory parts or weapon mods. Such limitation not only rewards the conservative and clever combatants but enhances the feeling of survival horror throughout the game.+Raid mode: The highlight of the game and the main reason you will be spending hundreds of hours onRE:R. Similar to the infamousMercenariesmode of previousREtitles,Raidpresents a new challenge: Enemies with special abilities and different levels swarm various locations from the single player campaign and the player must kill them all or advance to the end of the stage. As if the ordinary Hunter weren't enough, how about facing a Hunter boss or a sneaky Hunter baby with increased attack rating and tiny frame? Don't forget to spend your Battle points in the store after each raid for new weapons, mods and unlockable characters.Raidalso features online or local cooperation for whole family entertainment!+Difficulty levels: Three difficulty levels to master. Having played almost allREtitles, I can assure you thatRevelationscan be hard and punishing to reckless players (during boss fights, for instance). Completing the game on the hardest difficulty is a great achievement, especially for hardcore gamers.+Weapon customization: Scattered around the map are special modification parts which can be attached to your weapons. Searching for them adds to the exploration and motivates the player to search remote or dangerous areas. The combinations are limitless and you can always change equipped mods at the iconic storage boxes from previousREgames.Weaknesses-Voice acting: It was always an issue withREtitles but that doesn't mean it should be considered a tradition. Dear voice actors, show some enthusiasm during the recording sessions!-Finishing/melee moves feel coarse and restricting. The dodging mechanism, albeit crucial for the latest parts of the game, seems deferred and difficult to master.-Respect the elderly:RE:Raged somewhat badly. In all honesty, I didn't get the feeling Capcom paid any attention to graphically upgrading the PC port.-Downloadable content of minor (or cosmetic) value.-The not so legendary Chris Redfield: The single player campaign lacks the cooperation mode ofRE 6and the AI controlled companions are rather weak.Neutral ground±Comparison to Nintendo 3DS :Albeit close to its older brother, I found the online matching search inRaid modecooperation faster than that of the 3DS version. Other than that, the two versions are almost identical.My rating3/5 (Steam version) ~ 4/5 (Nintendo 3DS version)Revelationsis one of the best modern Resident evil games. Its soundtrack is delightful and the Raid mode is positively addicting. Nevertheless, if you own it on Nintendo 3DS, skip the Steam version. If you insist on buying it, wait for a discount sale."
,Recommended,222480,12909396,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,The Actually for Real Krysto,"This was a 3DS game?!Regardless - RE:Revelations fringes the border between older RE games and RE:4 - you won't be desperately scrounging up bullets or solving intricate emblem-based puzzles, but the traditional RE cheese is all there. For those of you who never took RE seriously in the first place, there's a good old cheesy story here.The fact that this is a 3DS port rarely, if ever, shows through - the loading between areas is an occasional reminder and can get a little annoying, but otherwise that's about it. Story-lenth wise, expect a full 10-12 hour campaign broken down into episodes.Lastly, RE:Rev has what's called ""Raid Mode"" - which feels like a cross between a Time Trial and Mercenaries - it offers a surprisingly deep combat system and plenty of replay value beyond the campaign, so if you're the completionist type, expect at least half a dozen or more hours of gameplay on top of what you already have.If you're an RE fan and you enjoyed RE:4 but understand the difference between RE0-3 and RE4, know very well that this is far closer to 4 than any of the others. Even then, it isn't without its challenges and I wholeheartedly recommend you give it a try anyways."
,Recommended,222480,14070581,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Gunslingin' Greasehound,"Overview: Spoiler Free!This is the game fans that loved the games before Resident Evil 4 were waiting for. It has the horror aspecs, it has the asmosphere, it has the creepy soundtrack. It really does feel like survival horror until about the last couple of chapters in the game.Pros:- Good gameplay- Scary and creative enemies- Epic and disturbing boss battles- Chris Redfield is back!- Jill Valentine is back with a skin-tight suit ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)- More skin tight suits- Homage to old-school survival horror- Interesting setting, exploration is encouraged- Beautiful environments and graphics- Good difficulty, especially on higher diff. settings- Rage mode is good fun- Minimal loading screens- High replayabilityCons:- Facial animations are a bit wonky (not a big deal)- A bit short (again, not a big deal because replayability is high)- Keith and Quint are the most annoying friggin' characters yet! I thought Ashley Graham was a bit annoying but not at all compared to these doofuses!- Holds your hand a bit too much later in the game as you stockpile ammo easily by this time- No Jill Sandwiches ( ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)Verdict:Play it. Play it right now. Fans of horror and old-school Rezzie players will appreciate it! I have high hopes for Revelations 2!"
,Recommended,222480,8970985,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,「東亜」ポプ子社長,"This was actually pretty a decent Resident Evil game overall. I think this is because the game actually quite feels a lot like the old RE games, and it truly feels like a survival horror. But the game still focuses a lot on action as well. I thought the game story and the graphics were rather, underwhelming, but I guess I can not really blame them as this game basically started out as a Nintendo 3DS game.The game actually feels like you are watching something like 24, kind of like a TV series that you would see on TV. And I thought that was an interesting idea.The gameplay overall is quite well balanced, it is something more like a mix of Resident Evil 3 + Resident Evil 4, with better control overall.I mean, the game is really good. But, it just does not exactly ""stand out"" as you'd expect it to be. Maybe Resident Evil: Raccoon City is a bit more fancier graphically, but then again, since it started out as an N3DS game, I can not complain.And if anything, I thought the final boss was ridiculously hard for no reason. I have a feeling that I do not have good weapons against him, but then again, I don't think I can go back and find the weapons.....the creators should've learned from Resident Evil 5.Overall, nothing much to say. Not bad, not that amazing, either. Still quite enjoyable though.7.1/10"
,Recommended,222480,7741871,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,PSOCecil,"Resident Evil Revelations is one of the best games in the series, surprisingly. After RE5 and 6, it seems like someone at Capcom finally realized that there was something wrong with making RE into a over-the-top 'Summer Action Movie'-esque game. Revelations is as scary as RE ever has been (which is to say, not very), and visually, it's wonderful. If you're playing with a controller, make sure you play with RE4-style controls, it makes the game far more enjoyable. Raid mode is a blast, as well, when you play with someone."
,Recommended,222480,12516050,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Connect2K,"Well, I have played this game for a number of hours. And unlike many people who writes these reviews, I have the game beaten. The game is fun if you are looking for action topped off with some horror elements. What I will say is that this game is far from survival horror. Basically, this game is a spirtual sucessor to Resident Evil 4 as far as gameplay; however, the game has more survival horror elements than Resident Evil 4 but it has a long way to go before it goes back to the roots. Now on to the game itself.The game basically takes place between Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 5 (prologue as well) making it in movie terms a interquel (a story that is set between the original and the sequel). As far as the story goes, the plot is basically revolved around Jill Valentine and her new partner Paker investigating a ship named the Queen's Zinoba (sorry if I spelled it wrong). There are many twists and turns through out the story so, I won't say any more.On to the gameplay, I think the gameplay is smooth and responsive at 60 fps. The only issue I have is the game forcing you to have a partner 95% of the time. I know back during the Resident Evil trilogy that you had AI partners but I feel like getting rid of AI partners for the most part would make the game have more tension. Also, I didn't like the fact that there was a whole lot of ammo to be found. But the worst part is the scanner. I think this is a device for causals would can't seem to find items.Overall, the game is a fun time for people who likes action with some survival horror elements mixed in. The old hardcore Resident Evil fans who want a game like the Resident Evil trilogy will not find what you are looking for here. So, let me summarize again. This game is a must buy for action fans while this game is a skip for surivival horror fans that want a challenge."
,Recommended,222480,9034366,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Pasha,"Great graphics, great sound-layout, fantastic story. The good 'old Resident Evil is back putting all you know in the corner.Capcom gone wild making the girls even hotter than in the previous parts. Zombies (Rachel <3) where never so hot.There are many new characters included, but the core story deals about Chris and Jill (oh Jill <3). After RE 3 - Nemesis and RE 5 I thought i would never again see Jill Valentine. Unfortunately there is no cooperation-story mode included. If you want to play coop only raid mode (minigame).+ New mechanics with herb usement+ Fantastic music, sounds+ Cutscenes, the whole story was probably done by a film studio... great work (comparable to Metal Gear Solid - Story)+ Solid weapons.+ New concept of Zombies. In a new way scary as hell.- NO COOP in core game! Really sad.- I personally miss the weapon shopping stuff as it was in RE 4 and RE 5- RAID mode is quite funny, but there are none gamers online.- Not very much enviroment interaction.In Total: 9/10-1 because there is no cooperation mode"
,Recommended,222480,4507959,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,¤Глухарь☢,"Лучший Resident Evil со времён пятой части. Клёвый сюжет, приятный геймплей, куча отсылок к старым играм, новые злодеи и неожиданные повороты. А так же замечательный режим - Рейд, в котором я провёл много времени с друзьями и получил  массу положительных эмоций.  8.5/10"
,Recommended,222480,1534535,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Nessa,"Resident Evil Revelations was an exclusive game for the 3DS was released in 2012Capcom decides to Share Their Sweet Baby with us on Consoles/PC. for those like me who played this game on the 3DS you know that this baby is a must play on PC.Resident Evil Revelations is the most fun RE game I've played since RE4 and is much better than the disappointed Resident Evil Games that was released nowadays. Resident Evil Revelations takes place in between the events of RE4 and RE5.Familiar faces Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine will be in the story plus new characters such as the charming Italian male named Parker,the flirtatious Jessica,specialist operatives named Keith and Quint whom are military style units and Quint is a specialist with tech stuff,commander O Brian who works for the organization named BSAA that Chris and Jill helped create to stop bioterrorists and the red-haired Raymond who is an agent from another organisation who has a mysterious aura to him and you aren't sure to trust him or notThe story shows the events that happened to a once beautiful city named Terragrigia which was built on an artificial island (you'll see how it's surrounded by beautiful ocean scenery) and the city was high tech,used clean energy but a series of disasters happened to the city .The story takes you to before and after Terragrigia was destroyed.All I will say is a bioterrorist organisation named II Veltro whom are against government control come into the story and the BSAA are a group whom were created specifically to combat bioterrorism and the group was founded with the help of known RE characters Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine.Jill and her partner Parker go on an infiltration style mission to spy on or stop II Veltro but they go missing and Chris and his partner Jessica go searching for Jill and Parker and you'll also control Keith and Quint.The individuals in the pairing of characters can change too.I like how the story shifts it's focus on different pairs of characters because it makes the story feel more thrilling by making you wonder will they be able to find each other or not or will they surviveThe story does a good job to fill you in one what happened to Terragrigia and explains about Terragrigia in detail with some beautiful cinematics and it makes an attempt to fill you in on story elements that happened in past RE gamesThe story also has a bit of character flirting and romantic interests mixed with a lot of seriousness and personally I like how the story is that way because the story is still disturbing and very serious and can be emotional but the romantic interest/flirting stuff and humor give the characters/story a nice break from some of the intensity at timesThe gameplay in RE Rev is a great mix of classic survival horror and action gameplay.For much of the game you'll need to be conservative with ammo because ammo isn't plentiful like it is in RE4/RE5/RE6 which means you'll need to make headshots or cannot miss too often when you shoot(this adds more intensity to the gameplay as you'll try to make your last few remaining bullets count and was something that was missing in RE4/RE5/RE6.Overall: Probably the best original release title so far and it brings back the survival horror elements that classic style RE fans miss but uses the mechanics introduced in RE4 very well. so Add the creepy atmosphere, great graphics/beautiful cinematics, nd story/characters and you might care about make this game great/Superb"
,Recommended,222480,12880324,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,@K0rn4lsky,"The game is pretty long, offers some challenge and extras to make you replay it, but it get's fairly repetitive at certain points of the story even on a single walkthrough. You get to play as multiple characters throught the game, although they mostly play the same. The story not too deep, yet difficult to understand at times (might be easier for people familiar with other Resi games), but the ending is fairly satisfying, even though it leaves an obvious lead-in for the Revelations 2. There are many returning characters from older RESI games, but there are some interesting new ones, too.The game itself is rather a shooter than an actual (survival) horror and I doesn't contain usuall Resi-type zombies, but rather strange sea-animal hybrids. Most of the bosses lack charisma and boss fights generally are heavily based around finding a tactic and using it over and over again. The scenery lacks variety at times (a major part of the story takes place on a ship), but brings something new to the Resi series on the other hand.There are multiple minigames / sub-mechanics to bring some variety into the gameplay. I'll mention scanning for fingerprints and hidden items, hacking mini-game, arcade-style railway shooter, weapon upgrades and augmentations. There ARE quick-time events in this game, but they're not too frequent or annoying in any way. The controls overall work faily well on PC with Mouse & Keyboard.As far as I know, there is no co-op mode for the campaign, but there is a Raid Mode for multiplayer, with unlockable equipment and skillpoints.After finishing the campaign, I can say I enjoyed the game, even though I've hated it at some points and wanted it to end already. There were some nice plot twists I liked, there were some plot twists I didn't really understand. Just don't expect a survival horror and rather expect an action shooter with long cutscenes."
,Recommended,222480,26454384,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Panty McSpankybuns,Had a lot of fun staring at Jill's butt. Good game tho
,Recommended,222480,30824448,Posted: 29 March,all,Pointnclickster,"This is the RE game that you play on a rainy afternoon in lieu of a marathon on the Sci-fi channel.The episodic nature of this game really makes me feel that I am playing a well crafted action horror television series that will hopefully get another season. The story was well told through the eyes of different characters and at different times, but it all comes together really well. For me personally, the characters make the story work. Yes we all love Chris and Jill, but to me the stars were the secondary protagonists that you got to play as-Parker Luciani, Keith Lumley and Quint Ketcham. I know I'll probably never see these characters again, but they were nice to get to know in this story. On a personal note, this game made me cry. When I thought a certain character had died, I bawled. Then I felt bad that I had. This is Resident Evil! It's B action horror cheese! Yet, this game quickly invests you in these characters and you bond with them.The game plays very well. The combat is very smooth, and the atmosphere reminds me a lot of the claustrophobic spaces of the first RE games. The inventory is very simplified but there are also places to store weapons and workbenches to upgrade weapons. The map screen has been done away with and a mini map in the corner of the screen shows the next waypoint. On the whole, I feel that the controls and the interface have been simplified.This was a nice game to go between RE4 and RE5. If had a lot of action but had a lot of the elements that reminded me of classic RESI: timed escapes, claustrophobic spaces, over the top bosses, and rocket launchers. This was a fun time, and what is comes to Resident Evil, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,222480,1110778,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,Ov3RT4K3R,"Resident Evil: Revelations tells the story of what happens between Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 5 and is an extended remake of the Nintendo 3DS handheld game, which adds HD textures.Jill Valentine is on a mission to find her missing partner Chris Redfield, who was last heard from on the cruise ship Queen Zenobia.The Queen Zenobia is one of the best settings in a Resident Evil game since the Arklay mansion.Now stranded on board in the middle of the Mediterranean, Jill and fellow BSAA agent Parker Luciani soon discover they are not alone.Whereas the earlier Resident Evil games prioritized zombies, and recent entries revolved around the Las Plagas parasites, Revelations makes use of a new angle: freakish human/sea-creature hybrids.Along the way you will also play as Chris Redfield and a variety of other newer cast members. Jill’s sections are the main course containing all the exploration, key finding and item management as is expected.There is no co-op for the campaign; your only option in the way of multiplayer is Raid Mode. Raid Mode is a two-player cooperative gauntlet through small sections of the game that feel like small-scale, time-attack sessions of horde mode. It is fun for a while, but it quickly turns into a grind for XP and new items.The facial animations are a little stiff, and overall the visuals naturally are not as nice as Resident Evil 5 or 6.In my opinion is Revelations the best Resident Evil game of the past few years and the one that is the most true return to classic-style horror action.Resident Evil: Revelations is very much worth playing in its HD form for its atmosphere and scares alone.Sounds 9/10Graphics 7/10Gameplay 8/10Atmosphere 9/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
76561197967605168,Recommended,222480,9508448,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,exile,"I have been a hardcore fan of Resident Evil since the original back on playstation. In my opinion the original REmake on Gamecube, and Resident Evil 2 have been the best entries in the franchise. How does Revelations compare? The gameplay is perfected and very smooth with responsive controls. The visual presentation is nice for a port from a handheld device, the accompaning music is good although hard to hear at times. The story can be convoluted however, a fault of most modern games it seems. Having just started into the raid mode, this game delivers plenty of replayable. Highly reccomended and the best Resident Evil game since 4 no doubt."
,Recommended,222480,7783133,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,骰子~,"Resident Evil RevelationsRevelations of a new future for a ruined franchiseFor the last few years this series has been in a rut, the influence of the Triple A Industry has been ripping apart what made this series iconic in exchange for a steroid induced protagonist and the Hollywood makeover. Resident Evil Revelations isn’t this though, it’s a shining example of how you can have your cake and eat it, and with a little polish, this game could lead the franchise into a bright future.Resident Evil Revelations starts off like most other Resi games, you even get the classic “Resident Evil” Voice line when you press start but compared to what we’ve been used to in the last few years, Revelations is a breath of fresh air. The Main setting of this game is the Queen Zenobia, a Cruise Liner stranded out in the Mediterranean Sea. You’ll start off as Jill Valentine with a new partner Parker Luciani, who acts as the bridge for the flashbacks in the story.Although this is not the only place you will see. Revelations takes you across different environments and settings and slowly reveals its story in a variety of interesting ways. Unfortunately the variance of environments and layout of the chapters can take you out of the setting. One moment you’ll be in a tense situation that needs to be resolved and then you’ll flash to other characters in a different environment doing things seemingly unrelated. The Cohesion between these scenes isn’t lost however they could be better arranged. Taking players out of a tense and important moment to shove plot down their throats is a sure fire way to take people out of the game.The game’s major strengths are purely in the game play and the scare factor that’s been retained. It’s definitely not a Resi 4 and it doesn’t ring in the same vein as the classics, but Revelations has its moments. It never resorts to using pop scares and it rarely seems to by trying too hard to scare you instead relying on the classic formula of pacing and fear. The execution is successful but isn’t spectacular, due to the developers mixed directions. We’re talking about a game struggling to choose between its survival horror mum and 3rd person shooter dad, both wanting the Childs custody in the estranged divorce.The Queen Zenobia excels in providing the best survival horror experience of all the settings, while other characters generally get way too much ammunition, powerful guns, and settings that don’t really incite any fear into the player. The experience on the Queen Zenobia isn't perfect and certainly doesn't give you the same kind of chills that most other Survival Horror classics do, but it certainly puts most of the more recent Resident Evil titles to shame.Some tropes that were established by previous games in the series make their return, and help provide some of the actually scary and powerful moments of the game. The plot while weak has its moments and is interesting enough to act as the bait that forces you through the scary moments, although the twists are predictable.My major complaints come from some of the controls and the port quality. The Port Quality, before we cause any arguments here, is great. A lot of support for PC and for the main platforms that helps the game stand toe-to-toe with others, but the almost full price is a heavy deterrent considering how some of the games assets are taken into account. The Textures still remain at a quality level of that on a portable title which makes the game appear in parts like you're walking through a level on a PS2 game. This is fine for the fact the game is ported from a portable device, but the almost full price for a portable game on a PC/Console is a little excessive.The Controls are an entirely different issue and the main gripe is the terribly designed dodge mechanic. It's unclear, un-intuitive, and one of the bosses actually depends on you using it, which is very hard when you can only ever get it to trigger by luck, and not by purpose. The B Button (Xbox360 Controller) could've been used in combat as a binary dodge button that would've worked a lot more effectively than the current system, which I can't even tell you because I don't fully understand how it works even after playing the game for 30+ hours. It's a problem but it doesn't ruin the experience, it just means you'll probably be chugging down more herbs than you should as a result of your inability to reliably dodge enemies.Some main aspects of the story also create some issues that can make the game seem out of place in the franchise. Revelations tries to insert some interesting plot into the gap between Resident Evil 4 and 5, but it seems unfitting. Some aspects like the city of Terragrigia don’t fit in with the time setting or the theme of the game. Every time I see the city it feels awkward to think this place is now a part of the Resident Evil Universe especially considering the conceived time it was supposedly erected in the world.The soundtrack of the game can be pretty forgettable. When thinking about what music or sounds there were that stuck out to me, I can only really think of one or two exceptions, the rest just slip from memory as barely noticeable ambience. Not to say the sound design is horrible, it's just not amazing either. It's ok, so-so, mediocre, acceptable.Some other notable mentions can include the side characters, Quint and Keith, who only really act as a comedy act that isn't very fun or very fun to play at all. Overall I would've preferred some more time with the main story instead of the two incapable BSAA agents. Enemy variety is also a bit missing. The only variety in the normal enemies generally comes from a shooter type that is quite annoying to deal with, and every now and then you might encounter an enemy with big claws, but it's generally pretty thin when you're not encountering any of the special enemies (B.O.Ws) but you won't really be dealing with enough of these enemies to warrant a large complaint.Revelations also comes with a small gimmick that takes up an entire controller button called the scanner, which is mainly used to deliver plot to you in an arbitrary manner and help you farm herbs from the enemies so you can deal with your broken dodge mechanic. It's implemented ok, but the lack of any real reason to use it without being forced questions the decision to put such a device in.One thing that really redeems this game out of a lot of its faults is Raid Mode. Raid Mode is a Single Player/Co-op mode where you will navigate different levels killing enemies in a more RPG style manner akin to borderlands or monster hunter. You'll get drops from the enemies and weapons that you can upgrade to take on the tougher levels and unlock new characters. The experience is quite addicting and playing it with friends can be fun, although one or two minor glitches can result that can cause some issues, like getting stuck behind a safe door or enemies sometimes desynchronizing from each other's matches which will result in confusion and most likely an unfair death. These bugs rarely occur though and the overall experience is really fun, but if you want to get the best out of it, I would suggest buying the game on a 3DS, as the time wasting abilities of this mode are good when you're on the go and have nothing to do.Revelations fills a good hole for those who are unable to find a decent resident evil game to suit their tastes. It's not the survival horror game that you want, but it comes pretty close and scratches that itch pretty well.Buy it, but if you're patient, wait for a sale. I wouldn't pay over £25-$40 for this game, but it's worth every cent up to that point."
,Recommended,222480,15043795,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Nikenemesis✨,"With every Resident Evil game, there is always a sinister yet muddled conspiracy involving a virus. Your an agent of the BSAA (Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance) aboard Queen Zenobia, a large ship that has metallic infrastucture filled with lifts and boxes that resembles a freight zone; that coextends to elegant casino and stylish cabin areas of a pleasure cruiser. However, while searching for a missing agent, you are attacked and chased by slow bio-organic weapons in cramped  claustrophobic corridors. This flawed gem has plenty of suspenful action with your limited peripheral vision but its a pretend survival horror with a clichéd and predictable ending."
,Recommended,222480,28943358,Posted: 2 January,all,N7Legion,"Definitely recommending it. Gameplay was smooth, story's okay, and had no other issues with it."
76561198048974498,Recommended,222480,12610244,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,rjmacready,"My personal relationship with the world-famous/infamous Resident Evil series has been a long and sometimes treacherous one.  The very first Resident Evil on the PlayStation 1 was nothing less than, well, a ""revelation"" to me when I first discovered it.  Having spent years prior basically disinterested in video games in favour of more ""respectable"" art/entertainment forms such as films, a funny thing happened on the way to the grave and I found myself no longer very ""scared"" by horror movies any more...a shame, since it has arguably been my single favourite of all genres since, well, at least my mid-teens or so.  Then I discovered that it was possible for a VIDEO GAME to have much the same effect, only perhaps more so...for in spite of the questionable graphics and clunky movement, it was officially now ME essaying the role of the lead protagonist in a horror story.  And that was a very scary proposition indeed!  The first time I discovered that giant shark in the mansion's basement...man, that was an epic moment...and the Resident Evil series was of course destined to become all the MORE epic, in time.  Though not necessarily in a GOOD way...Resident Evil 2 took things to a SLIGHTLY more action-packed and, yes, ""epic"" level, but still managed to unquestionably maintain the horror credentials of its predecessor.  Resident Evil 3...well, it was still mostly favouring the fear over the fight, but with the first advent of a firearm-wielding monster, things were starting to veer just the teensiest, tiniest bit downhill.  Code Veronica thankfully steered things back toward a more staunchly horror-orientated direction shortly thereafter...but then of course came Resident Evil 4 (let's just ignore the Survivor/Dead Aim/Outbreak/etc games for the purposes of this review, since they honestly don't exist in the minds of most RE fans).  Yes, just when all seemed lost if the series were to indeed continue in the direction it was mostly heading in, RE4 managed to reinvigorate the waning faith of many a fan, not so much by taking the series in a less action-y direction, but by downright REINVENTING the gameplay in a way which better SUITED the increased amount of enemies and firepower and what-have-you.  And it managed to do so without compromising that all-important ""horror factor"" TOO much.Which brings us to Resident Evil 5...sigh.  I mean, it wasn't that bad...at least until the utterly ridiculous rock-punching (!) climax set in a volcanic landscape, at which point those little hints of manga and anime which the series had harboured for so long took true hold and♥♥♥♥♥♥all over anything even vaguely resembling logic or atmosphere.  Its myriad sins seem pale in comparison, however, to part 6, which - from as much as I have been able to bear to play of it so far - appears to be a final declaration that the games which helped spawn a series of by-and-largely moronic MIlla Jovavich action movies were now SUBSERVIENT to said movie series, and it was officially a ""horror"" series no more.  Thankfully, however, the good people at Capcom saw fit shortly BEFORE this atrocity to give birth to a side-series which would better retain the ""survival horror"" flavour of the early games...Resident Evil Revelations, please step forward for evaluation.It's been described as ""Resident Evil 4.5"", and it can certainly lay claim to that title story-wise.  So what about...GAMEPLAY-wise?  Well...pretty much, yeah.  I'll admit I wasn't too impressed early on, finding myself essentially confused by all the episodic jumping back and forth between different characters in different places and what-not...which only served, incidentally, to compromise one of the single most important contributing factors to the tension generated in a successful ""survival horror"" game, namely that of ammo and/or healing conservation (that is to say, when you only have to make what few items you possess last until the end of one or two chapters, a good deal of this tension inevitably abates).  BUT...after a while the focus falls at least predominantly on the characters trapped out at sea, and it's in these segments that Revelations manages to capture some of that old-school ""isolation horror"" charm.To some degree it's almost like the RE1 mansion set on a boat (well, three boats, but who's counting), with a bit of Tomb Raider-inspired swimming and butt-centric visuals - this is still aimed at young males, after all - to fill it all out.  But mostly, I gotta say...it's pretty good.  Not a TOTAL return to form - the AI is certainly about as♥♥♥♥♥♥as such things can get, including one bit where monsters were literally either walking or jumping straight past not ONE but TWO NPCs to get to my player-controlled character! - but it's about the best we can hope for for now, one suspects.  Though Revelations 2, horror of horrors, actually looks like a ♥♥♥♥ing SILENT HILL game in the screenshots!  So maybe there really is hope for this franchise after all.  It's pretty much like the film industry these days:  When in doubt, REBOOT.  It worked for the Batman movies, and it can work for the Resident Evil games.  We'll just have to wait and see, though, won't we?Verdict: 9/10.(And speaking of Batman...you know that a video game series has been going on just a LITTLE TOO LONG when an otherwise perfectly straight ""rookie government agent"" character is designed with hair which makes him look like THE JOKER.  What, Leon's hair in RE4 wasn't over-stylish or impractical ENOUGH for you people?!  Saints preserve us...)"
,Recommended,222480,24459581,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,David0vić,"A very good addition to the franchise and a very good game in general. I think the limitations of the original 3ds version holds this game back from being great because it is a limiting experience in a few areas like how it is very linear for example and a lack of interesting and detailed environments. Exploring the ship and looting each room is very enjoyable and the shooting is satisfying. The story was decent, very silly and cheesy at points making it hard to take it seriously at times but that is kind of resident evil tradition honestly. If it had more of an impact or if I was more emotionally invested or interested it might have made this game great. But for what the game offers, it is a very fun experience.7/10 (Good)"
76561198046300085,Recommended,222480,13049248,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Star Wolf,"Very much a fun Resident Evil game, that harkens back to the slow exploration and unlocking of the older games. Played through it on 3DS and absolutely loved it enough to get the PC port. The control scheme and layout is very comfy, a nice mix of Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 6, without the annoying amount of QTEs. Those are thankfully absent here, besides a melee counter, and wiggle-to-free-yourself action.The graphics are very smooth and pleasing to look at, improved over its 3DS predecessor. Things like characters mouths not moving when speaking are nonexistant here, and the narmy voice acting is preserved. Little things remain however, like fps drop whenever you're moving from the grand hall to other locations, but that is probably the only time.The atmosphere and music is also a big step up from the newer Resident Evil titles. The dank, gooey, bloody tight halls and rooms of the Queen Zenobia are claustrophobic and the enemy design is unnerving at times (all about that first Scagdead). The ship is oppressive and very reminiscent of older Resident Evil locales, especially the Remake. Music is much more noticeable and a lot of themes stand out very well, especially the Main Hall and the final boss theme.However, the atmosphere and writing is where things get hit-or-miss. While the ship has fantastic atmosphere, the story itself jumps around to three pairs of characters, and as such the story is told in a linear fashion, with facts coming in from three different subplots, but the change in characters and locations can jar the mood and atmosphere a lot. Your mileage may definitely vary with the nonregular characters and their designs and voices.Another point of contention is the dodge mechanic, returned from Resident Evil 3, here implemented as a wonky directional press depending on certain timing, with no onscreen prompt. It won't be a problem if you play with a controller, as you can jiggle back and forth and pretty much nail it, but on keyboard and mouse, you'll be in for trouble.Another misstep that sullies the gameplay is the near constant presence of a partner character, that takes away a distinct amount of tension. It seems co-op was probably not added in time or something, because you'll almost always have an AI partner with you to chat with, which is a shame. The few times you go without, you will notice distinctly more tension, and the game could have benefited very much from drop-in/drop-out co-op similar to Dead Space 3's version of it.The enemies as well are very interesting, and have a neat and unique backdrop for their creation, but sadly do not have a lot of creativity. You will see a lot of the same 3 or 4 in waves later in the game, which gets repetitive. Even the return of the classic Resident Evil beasty the Hunters (including an invisible variant!), is somewhat neutered here, being easily killed, and due to the scrubbing of gore in the creation of the game, has their legendary leap-decap turned into an offscreen affair (and there are PLENTY of interesting seeming deaths that are way too clean for what they are).However, a recurring eerie mutant, and the final boss give a welcome boost of nostalgia and challenge.The game isn't perfect by far, but it is definitely a step in the right direction to being an enjoyable Resident Evil title, and I wholeheartedly recommend it. Even when you're done with the main story, Raid Mode can addict you to it very very easily, with just killing monsters, loads of weapons, as well as monster mutations, and playing co-op multiplayer with it can add even more."
,Recommended,222480,12022660,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Akira49,"After Resident Evil 4 I had doubts that there will be a good RE game released. There was 5 which was medicore but enjoyable. Operation Raccoon city which is a big joke to me. Resident Evil 6 is enjoyable but not great either. RE Revelations finally delivered great experience after RE4.I recommend this game (dlc's are worthless but if you're collector, go ahead and get them).+ Great story+ Improved gameplay+ Replayability Value (achievements, campaign and raid mode)+ Co-Op- Graphic's could be way better than direct port from 3DSWith clear heart, I'm waiting for RE Revelations 2 that has been announced last week."
,Recommended,222480,8583198,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dfactor,"Resident Evil Revelations or like I call it - ""REv"" is game ported from 3DS. It's an attempt to ""go back to the roots"" and quite successful too. It takes place between RE4 and RE5 at the times when BSAA was just recently formed. You're stuck on almost ghost-like ship fighting for your survival. The game offers actual moments of horror, eerie atmosphere, various ship locations, wacky story... all this makes the game closer to oldschool REs.I'll list all pros and cons I can think of (alphabetical order).Pros:-AI. Sometimes you'll have a partner with you. They're quite independent and won't ruin your game (*cough* RE5,6 *cough).-Characters. Jill and Chris are back and there are completely new characters as well.-Customizable weapons. You can add special attachments to your guns. They will alter/change your gun behavior.-Enemies. Ooze enemies can give you the chills. They look and move weird (Regenerator/Iron Maiden style), there are plenty of variations of them. Also Hunters. Yes, the hunters are back.-Inventory. You can carry 3 weapons at a time and do not have to worry about any item slots at all. There are ammo limits, but the inventory is made is simple as possible.-Raid Mode. It's a really big part of a game. Can be compared to The Mercenaries. The goal is to simply survive while moving through few areas of the ship. There are 20 levels and 3 difficulties. Each difficulty has it's own monsters in different places. It has RPG elements and for hardcore gamers there's 1 huge levels which covers most of the ship.-Soundtrack. There are actually a bunch of memorable audio tracks!-Statistics. You can useResidentevil.netto check advanced stats.-Story. It's wacky, but it's quite well presented.-Survival horror. This game actually includes it.-Unlockables. Free items can be unlocked by spending points (which you can earn in different ways (no pay to win)).Cons:-Characters. Some new characters are wacky/have wacky voice acting. Can be fixed by switching to Japanese audio.-Co-op. You can't play the main story in co-op. That's not exactly a con, but worth mentioning. Because it's pretty known that survival horror games should not be played in co-op.-Controls. They're quite tanky (especially when compared to RE6), however... you can counter/dodge (just like in RE3) and there's no real need to jump around.-DCLs. There are unique weapon and special character DLCs.-Enemies. The bosses sometimes come with other enemies which might get in your way.-Graphics. This is a port. There are improvements, but it's not exactly Ultra HD.-QTEs. When it comes to mechanics - just like any 3D RE there's a little bit of them... BUT... even less than in RE4.Considering that I usually forgot about something feel free to post in the comments about things I forgot about.Right now REv is my favorite 3D RE game."
76561197970633328,Recommended,222480,29408104,Posted: 21 January,all,BrownieMonster,Great Game!!!  Has an old RE feel but the plot was too busy and unfullfilling.  Possibly the best setting in an RE game since part 1.Pros-Superb Setting-Fun Guns (with upgrades)-Old RE Feel-Hunters-Jill Valentine in a wet suit ;)Cons-Plot felt overthought and fragmented-Hunters were too jittery and not strong enough leaving them not very intimidating/scary.
,Recommended,222480,13797722,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,.PAL21,Simple gameplay with not too many action commands.Old characters with new stories.New characters with intresting profiles.Raid Mode!This was a def win-win for many old and new Resident Evil fans.
,Recommended,222480,12672168,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Draco Blue,"Excellent RES Title, I might add also that is the only one good from their lasts installments, and it's really a flashback to the original styles with less light, less ""Explosive action"" and more terror.After finishing the game it has a lot of replayability with an excellent multiplayer mode with RPG feeling (Leveling system, Equips, Etc.)"
,Recommended,222480,10503710,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,FLGshadow,"One of the better resident evil games I've played in a while, topping both resi5 and 6 in my opinion, the only negative things for me is a lack of co-op story and the lack of sprint in Raid modeThis game stears away from the over the top action you find in modern resi games which is a choice most of us can greet with open arms"
,Recommended,222480,25938722,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Magus Cimarron,THIS is the true successor to the Resident Evil lineage. NOT RE6!  Good game.  It could have used a bit more polish but it felt like a true old school ResidentEvil game.  If you love Old school Resident Evil you owe you must give this a try. 4/5 stars.  Please note that the old school cheesiness is still here! :)
,Recommended,222480,9096905,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Profaniter [DEAF],"I realized this game is amazing on PC because of its mouse support and the keyboard. The first time I played this game, I knew this game by heart because well, I own this on 3DS but then it ported to HD console, the version on PC is so much easier because of the aiming control (with the mouse) makes so much easier for you to aim and shoot. What's really amazing is that the game runs SMOOTHLY and it feels real... I love it.. I trutly recommend this to anyone who like and WANT to aim easily, especially with the mouse support, GET THIS! :)...."
,Recommended,222480,23667632,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Cyber Ortek,This game does have scary atmosphere and I had a lot of fun from it. But...What that called? Yeah SCREW THAT LITTLE SCANNING MACHINE!  I don't mind running around in a whole ship or scared by the monster came from the place I cleaned before. Just please don't let me SCAN EVERY FREAKING CORNER!
76561198046175684,Recommended,222480,7773011,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Amory,"Great game with a rich storyline that stays true to the resident evil story. Great, for a 3DS port."
76561197966105913,Recommended,222480,34471929,Posted: 24 August,all,Revixy,"So, Revelations..A very interesting story that would easily have fit into a bigger budget Resident Evil spin.As we're aware this is absolute lore of the franchise as you can infact find clues to this very story even in Resident Evil 7.I give this game an 8/10.Strongly recommend it, if you love Resident Evil and just need more."
,Recommended,222480,26581185,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,finalCrystine,"Resident revelations is a decent game, but more worthy because of the Raid mode.Story:Mweh. It's bland. The voice acting is average, dialogue cringeworthy at times, the characters are not memorable or are even annoying. There are also a couple of missions I find quite boring. Hope you also like waterlevels.Gameplay:The scanning is actually a nice touch. I do find myself going through the rooms looking for items. I also enjoy collecting parts and weapons. The controls are also not bad to handle, only the dodging mechanic is a bit wobbly as it won't always dodge.Atmosphere:It lacked tension. Running through the halls didn't put you on edge. Only one route to a boss has you slow down and approach it more carefully.Monsters and bosses:They all look like plastic to me. Not scary at all and bad design.  But there were two bosses that actually had me on edge.Raid mode:This is the mode you will spend most time on. It's a lot of fun playing solo or in coop. Quite challenging as well. You have a lot of leveling to do, weapons and parts to collect and you keep on upgrading your character while trying to achieve a flawless run. I bought the game for pc to coop (had it on ps3 as well) and still enjoy it.In short:Campaign is worthy for one run, or maybe another run on the highest difficulty if you are up to the challenge. Then move straight to raid mode and get ready for the Ghost ship."
76561198059517024,Recommended,222480,33816172,Posted: 26 July,all,Česká Hrozba,"story - Jill and her new partner Parker are going to investigate ship Zenobia, where is Chrises (and his new partner Jessica s) last known location (rest i wont spoil)since this is a RE game, it would be shame if we didnt go through RE story checklist -1) shi**y dialogue? - check2) over the top plot that sounds like mix between bad anime and B - zombie flicks? - check3) characters that we know from previous games, who have about as much personality or character as plank of wood? - check4) one annoying character and obvious villian? - check5) bad voice acting - che....well, okay voice acting is mostly passableso yeah,like any game in the series, story wise its so unbelievably over the top and stupid its actually kinda adorable.also the game tries to do the TV show thing, where in between chapters game recaps the events of the last chapter.its pretty pointless and it feels out of place, nothing more to say about itgameplay - its a mix of old and new. it controls like RE 4 but has claustrophobic setting of the first 3 games - on Zenobia it works pretty well, but on other locations... (i'll comback to it later).There is a new  mechanic with the Genesis. you mostly just use it either scan the enemies (which if you get 100%, you get a healing herb) find an amunition or even gun ugrades.its a nice mechanic, but it could be more utilized for puzzles or for enemies.you can also upgrade your gun with upgrade kits you find lying around  and also special upgrade kits that are mostly harder to find.these upgrades can range from damage upgrades to charging shots.off course, it wouldnt be Resident evil without puzzles.puzzles here are are pretty easy so you wont spend much time with themthere is raid mode (its a bit like mercenaries, except here you usually have a goal.mostly goals like reach the end), which is lot of funit controls well even though dodging is pretty clumsy.you dodge by pressing W in the time when enemy is attacking. this is not the worst dodging i've seen but its still akward, especially on the bosses, sometimes it dodges, other times it doesnt.another game s problem is that the campaigne is quite short but since this is a 3ds port its kinda expectedscare factor - how i said earlier this game combines RE4 gameplay with first 3 Re s claustrophobic nature.it works well until it throws at us action packed moments like from RE6, in fact thats the main problem.this game cant make up its mind if it wants to be RE1,2,3 or RE4,5,6.one moment you'll be on ship fighting against strong sea creatures,next moment you'll be fighting in some building (in some city called ,,Terragrigia'') against hundreds of hunters.action packed moments are quite boring,uninteresting and they always break the survival horror moodI have to praise monster designs. the monsters are clearly inspired by sea creatures and they look pretty creative.There is also one monster on Zenobia called Rachel.She is basically Nemesis of this game.you can fight her and paralyze her, but when you least expecting it she comes backvisuals/music-visually its nothing special and this is probably due to the fact that its 3ds port, so the game probably looks better on that system, but as it is here its passable at bestsoundtrack is (as always with RE games) top notch. Haunting,beautiful,subtle and memorable.....thats how i would describe this soundtrackpros -- great soundtrack- gun upgrades- survival horror parts of the game on Zenobia- raid mode- genesis (even though it could have been more utilized)- monster designs- Rachelcons -- story and everything about it (see the checklist at the beggining of the review)- short campaign- action packed parts on Terragrigia (or any other parts that arent on the ship)- akward dodge mechanicverdict - its an okay game.Its better than resident evil 6 ? yeah it is, but it s still far from the franchises glory days.game (like RE6) has a bit of an identity crisis, when comes to blending survival horror parts with action packed oriented ones.game just cant pull it off as for example RE4 did.Its still a decent game and RE fans are probably going to like it.6.5/10"
,Recommended,222480,34453132,Posted: 23 August,all,Monsieur-Owly,*WARNING: This review is solely based on the story mode. Completist discretion be advised.*RE:R PC port is certainly not a technical achievement like its 3DS counterpart but it is nonetheless a welcome addition to the franchise as it is more thruthful to its horror roots than the previous instalments.POSITIVES+Gloomy atmosphere+Creepy monsters+Semi-linear level design+Customizable weapons (upgrades)+Jill ValentineNEGATIVES-Does not take advantage of the PC hardware-Some cringe worthy characters and humor-Pacing of the story feels broken due to the unneeded flashbacks-Some hitbox issuesNot the best in the series but definitely worth buying on sale!Rating:8.0 / 10
,Recommended,222480,25462446,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dr.Choke,"Well i played this title right after RE6. so wanna compare it to that game which most ppl call ""action"" more than ""survival horror"".This one has many better things than RE6 and is more like the old RE games that we all used to play when we were young. so here we have a rich and deep story with a ridiculously happy ending. we have the classic RE specs which most locations are connected to eachother and instead of A to B thing that RE6 is all about....its some kind of openworld to me as u can go back to previous locations and experience new things. like oldschool ones, u have to collect items, solve puzzles and the most important one....open doors :Dother thing is that u cant slide or run like the way u do in RE6. the result is that it takes more effort to kill bosses and u have to dodge which is harder than RE6 counter-attacking as it has no indicator when to press key.and one bad thing......zombies are almost the same. if u ignore 4-5 bosses, other enemies are not that much different.another con....no chapter selection. although u have some slots which u can save on when u end each chapter.and last one....i wish enemies in raid mode had random spawn points. that way it could be waaaay more challenging. anyway, that raid mod ROCKS!btw, i think this game is much better than RE6-singleplayer. more classic more pure and better story so i doubt u can stop playing campaign before reaching the end.wish it had gore and also RE6 multiplayer modes (which are its strongest point) too.UPDATE: after almost 250 hours of gameplay, the game still has more things (parts and weapons) to show up in raid mode. so still im playing :D"
,Not Recommended,222480,30604870,Posted: 18 March,all,Roy,"Apparently revelations was meant to be a return to ""Classic Resident Evil"" style gameplay. A return to item, ammo and health management. It's ""attempt"" at doing this was to make every enemy and boss be a bullet sponge. Of course I'll be low on ammo if it takes what feels like 100 bullets to take down bosses. Encounters outside the typical standard enemy are not fun and you'll come to hate fighting anything in this game while you struggle with a garbage dodge ability and camera. Outside of the extremely disappointing gunplay the game continues to be a dull and average experience with bland grey corridors and a boring story and characters. It's hard to recommend this game to fans of either classic RE or action RE as it spectacularly fails at both action and survival elements."
,Recommended,222480,8541784,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TheManko,"Resident Evil Revelations is an old school blockbuster like I didn’t think it was possible for anyone to make anymore. It somehow feels completely divorced from how big publisher games are supposed to be made today. It probably has to do with its heritage as a 3DS title. Everything about Revelations feels old school, in the style of Capcom from the late 90s and early 2000s.Whether you like this game or not will depend entirely on your affinity for the older Resident Evil titles. I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve finished Resident Evil 1, and Resident Evil 4 is just a masterpiece, especially on Gamecube with its superior controller. Revelations combines elements of both of them. For some reason the ship you spend the majority of the game on has an interior that seems almost modeled after the Resident Evil 1 mansion, and larger encounters copy the arena style combat of Resident Evil 4 to great effect. I don’t think there’s any game out there which can make you feel as panicky as Resident Evil 4 & 5 when you’re running away from a mob, trying to find a good spot to deal with the masses. Revelations brought those feelings back.Every imaginable Resident Evil trope is present here. There’s a sci-fi lab near the end, there’s a guy in a helicopter throwing you a rocket launcher to help you fight a boss, there’s a self destruct sequence with a timer ticking down. And it all works. Even the music sounds like proper Resident Evil. It’s a synth orchestra for the majority of the soundtrack, but it tries its best to be as epic as it can. It even has opera singers, exactly in the style of Resident Evil 2.I had a great time with this game. It put a big smile on my face, and reminded me of why I like this silly franchise so much. If you don’t give a crap about Resident Evil then you will probably not have as good of a time as I did. But if you’ve played a bunch of the games in the series and enjoyed them, then this is a must play.A final note, the demo is terrible. It’s the opening 15-20 minutes of the game, which are by far the weakest. The second after the demo ends is when the game gets good, and unfortunately they didn’t include any of that in the demo. I got the game because every RE fan who had played it kept going on about how good it was. And they were right."
,Recommended,222480,8642232,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Hollapeno,"UPDATE Dec. 2016 - Still holds up as one of my favorite REs. Definitely worth a play.This game is fantastic.It takes the Resident Evil series back to the days of survival horror! Don't get me wrong though- this game does have some action elements (and they are very well implemented), but much of your time is spent cautiously navigating forboding environments and scavenging for supplies along the way. Yes, you can actually run short on ammo and health in this RE entry!Graphics: The game looks great, although some might scoff at a few muddy textures (keep in mind this is a 3DS port).Sound: The sound design is stellar- great ambiance, sound effects, and grand orchestral soundtrack. Some tracks really get stuck in your head! The voice acting is pretty good and might sound cheesy at times, but that's the charm of RE!Story: The story is nice and complex- you won't get it if you bluff through the whole game without reading any side-notes.Gameplay: The combat is unbelievably fun and satisfying. Dodging seems absurd at first, but it becomes very fun once you get the hang of it. There's even a Raid Mode for the combat-hungry fans!Replayability: This game is very fun to replay- if you're looking for a hard challenge, try Infernal Mode on NG+. If you're looking for a satanic challenge, try Infernal Mode on a new save. Everything is remixed and amped up A LOT in difficulty. New scares, new surprises, you get the idea. Want a very stressful survival horror experience? Try Infernal.Long story short, get this game if you like a nicely done survival horror. You won't regret it!My rating: 9/10PS: In case anyone was wondering, this game is pretty creepy. No, it doesn't rely on cheap jump-scares (I think there was only one or two throughout the whole campaign) but rather works on building a fantastic atmosphere. Sometimes, the sense of dread can be overwhelming, especially on Infernal Mode."
76561197968909911,Recommended,222480,33058757,Posted: 30 June,all,ich .M.,The feel of games prior to Resident Evil 4 with the controls and graphics of games post Resident Evil 4.  I liked it.
76561198049997203,Recommended,222480,12022748,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Theme57,For a 3DS port the game actually feels a lot better compared to RE5 and RE6. It has more of a RE4 feel with the survival elements of the previous games somewhat. Plus if you are a fan of Jills character you wont find a boring moment controlling her. Overall I recommend this over RE5 and RE6.
,Recommended,222480,12786672,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mr. Muffins,"Resident Evil Revelations Unveiled Edition Review, made by ReaperResident Evil Revelations is a Japanese game made by Capcom, that was first released on January 26, 2012 in Japan, initially for the Nintendo 3DS, and later on was ported over other platforms under the title of 'Unveiled Edition', first released on May 21, 2013 in North America.The game is a return of the series in a classic survival horror style of gameplay, with returning characters and new ones.But is the game is really that worth buying? Well, as a long-time fan of the series, this review is here to aid you on it.Setting and PlotThe game takes place between Resident Evil 4 and 5 (2005), and it fits perfectly in my opinion. Kinda explains certain things that were not made so clear in RE5.The plot can be a little cheesy at times, but it's great, and at the same time confusing. To help the player on certain plot elements, the game has this ""TV series style"" catch up everytime you start/load a chapter.LocationsThe game takes place on three core locations. The Queen Zenobia luxury cruiser ship, the Valkoinen Mökki Airport and it's surrounding mountains/caves, and the floating city of Terragrigia.The main location of the game, where most of the gameplay takes place is truly amazing.TheQueen Zenobiahas this feeling into it that I haven't experienced for a long time in the series.Since the ship's designs were based on blueprints left by George Trevor before he ended up disappearing, some areas of the ship are reminiscent to certain areas of the Spencer Mansion, the location where the events of the first game of the series, and it's remake, takes place.It seems at first as a ghost ship. Where danger can be at every corner. For the first time ever in Resident Evil games, I've never been so scared of going into a particular room since RE2.And since certain parts of the ship feel like the Mansion, it helps a lot.TheValkoinen Mökki Airportand it's surrounding mountains/caves is quite interesting.The snowy areas seems too similar to the ones found in RE6, but that's about it.The floating city ofTerragrigiais just not that good.But it serves it's point as a plot filling area.CharactersFor the first time ever in the Resident Evil series, the player will be likely taking control of multiple characters through the game's storyline.Most of these characters are really cool, but a few of them are just plot filling. Each of them feel kinda unique when you play as them.Gameplay ElementsThe game play-style is quite similar to that of RE4/RE5. Similar control scheme, but now you're able to walk while aiming/shooting/attacking.But it's too limited sometimes. While playing the game I wish I could kick through the doors, or slowly open a door, not doing the ""opening and going through the door"" animation.And there's no button used for running, instead it's all made with the analog stick, which is pretty bad.The lack of having a laser-sight aiming for the guns also bothers me.The crosshair isn't that much precise and reliable, since when you shoot a bullet in that style of game, the trajectory of it goes from where the gun is pointing at, not the crosshair.The laser sight aiming from RE4/RE5 makes up for that, because at least you have a reliable way of showing where your bullets are going to hit.And sadly, when making the port, Capcom removed both alternate versions of aiming in first person and laser sight, and kept only the crosshair.The game also gives you lot of different guns to choose from, and an inventory menu that shows the files you find, area map, key items, etc is back.But it's not perfect in my opinion.There's little to no inventory management at all. You only get to change the weapon slots.Key items do not take inventory space, neither does any ammo you find or herbs. But you do have a limit of how many ammo/herbs you can carry.Any sorts of grenades also don't take place.They also brought back the shop system of RE4/RE5. But only partially.It's not that great overall. You get to find custom parts for the weapons and then place them on the guns you have.You can remove the tuning parts any time you want, and place them back as well. Which is quite broken in my opinion.Due this weird tuning system, the guns no longer have ""realistic"" ammo magazine size, unlike the classic games.The shop is likely mostly made for Raid mode though.Another broken aspect is the ability to save and continues.You can't manually save your game, there's only auto-save checkpoints during the gameplay.Only manual save that exists is when you are at the results screen of a chapter.The were times I was playing, but I wanted to stop for a while and do something else, but the game wouldn't allow me to or ""I'd lose my progress"".I really wish the typewriter system was brought back. Even if it was just like RE4, with no ink ribbon limit.And the game has a continue option after you die. Which is pretty cheap and broken I might add, since this is a survival horror game.The level design is amazing. And yes, backtracking from older RE games was brought back, which I love it.But stills kinda bad in my opinion. The game always has a ""mission objective"" set all times during the pause menu, which kinda ruins the fun.The game tells you what you gotta do, unlike classic games, where the game lets the player decide the order of things that needs to be done.But there's barely no loading times, save for here and there, instead the whole are is accessible.The doors really connect to the other room, which makes it a lot better than the classic games, since there's no loading times between them, you can't use an exploit to reset the enemy positions.The enemies are amazing as well, so are the bosses. They're unpredictable in a way of attacks and movement.Their designs are also creepy looking and the sort of thing you would totally shoot if you spot one of 'em.Players can die pretty easily to the weakest enemies if they are not careful.And enemy placement is randomized and/or dynamic, kinda like RE3.The puzzles are quite meh, nothing really hard to it.They're quite easy and time consuming most of time.Item placement is quite scarce as well. If you get a herb, it never re-spawns.But it's just meh as well, due the Genesis Scanner mechanic. You can get ammo most of the time by scanning an area, and always be able to get an herb by scanning enemies.And unlike past games, there's only one type of herb. No combinations.The game doesn't feature a life status as well.Unlike past games where your life would show on HUD as a bar (RE4/RE5), or in the inventory menu as a status (Classic RE games), it's not shown at all.You can tell how much health you have left by the screen showing blood splatters on the sides, and the colouring of the game going into a black-and-white sorta of filter.And movement isn't affected by health status.The game is divided by chapters just like RE4/RE5. But there's no chapter select screen like RE5.Due that, the game has way too many cut-scenes sometimes (kinda like MGS games if you as me), which is pretty bad.And there's the subtle changes of game location/player character through the story, where it turns into a big shoot-out through enemies.It's kinda cool like, for taking a break of the survival horror thing, but it's done way too often.Raid Mode is a really fun extra gamemode, it reminds me of the Extreme Battle mode of RE2.But that's it. It's the only available extra gamemode, besides New Game+ for campaign.No Mercenaries, no gamemodes that changes the story (i.e. Invisible Enemy mode), no co-op story, no alternate/side story (i.e. Separate Ways), no nothing.ConclusionIt's a pretty decent game, but it can have it's flaws here and there.My final score for this game is7.2 out of 10.It's worth buying if you want to play something different."
76561198065559816,Recommended,222480,12998253,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,PaleKrow,"Good edition to the series, and the new characters aren't all that bad. The scenary gets a little too repetitious for my taste, but it's better than RE 6 IMO. Worth the cash, but don't waste your money on the DLC items as they aren't necessary to have a fun time playing the game."
76561198008857802,Recommended,222480,24987196,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Knives McDeath,"This is honestly one of my Favorite Games Ever, and the game that got me into the Resident Evil series (i played RE2 back in the day, but never liked it as much as i like this). The story Isn't Terrible, which places it above a lot of games, and i really enjoy the sort of deliberately unrealistic and colorful characters that the series is known for-- it's preposterous, but on purpose, so i like it. Jessica thought the Mediterranean was a lake, your boss is Columbo, the obvious traitor is obvious, the Dante-quoting terrorist is the guy from Breaking Bad, Rachael is ON THE SCENE, everything is Italian for no apparent reason, the women are all going commando (in every sense), and Chris has the personality of a block of wood but gosh darn it i like him anyway. It's Big Fun and i love it. And i haven't even mentioned the Raid Mode yet, which exists alongside the story mode, almost as an entirely separate game......And it is by god the most capital-f Fun i've had with a game in years. If you like DOOM or Serious Sam-style shooters that are defined by matching the correct weapon against a varied set of visually distinct enemies, always prioritizing the most dangerous thing in the room, then this is precisely for you. Raid Mode in this game is a huge, sprawling thing filled with probably way too much gameplay, and frankly i'm still not really sick of it after more than a year. The challenge is just Exactly Right, and while there's admittedly a bit of grinding involved, beating the ultra-tough Ghost Ship is the rare achievement in video games that's actually worth doing. At first it seems literally impossible, but eventually you own it, Dark Souls-style, and the comparison is a fair one.Atmospheric, endlessly replayable, good Achievements, sexy people, addictive Raid Mode, and just flat-out FUN-- it's the best, i tell you. A millon out of ten.PS: the camera is zoomed in way too much, so download Widescreen Fixer and set the FOV to about 75 and you're good to go-- it's a super easy fix and makes it way more playable."
76561198083526608,Recommended,222480,24197951,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,߷ The Gu ߷,"Jill's♥♥♥♥♥.In Spandex..In HD.10/10, Epitome of the entire franchise."
,Recommended,222480,29567293,Posted: 29 January,all,Shrapnel Effect,taking place between the events of Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 5 I was a bit worried a DS port to PC would suck.I took my fears back after the first hour. A must own for rez fans who want a little horror back in the games and yet remains fun for those who like the more action based games.
76561198024427153,Recommended,222480,13153076,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Luciole,"Great game! This version is the best RE series. Raid mode is great  which provides a lot of hours, days, months of guaranteed fun! Loved everything in the game ... congratulations CAPCOM for this masterpiece!  To further extend the fun I chose to not buy weapons at the mall but get those monsters give over the maps that is much more interesting to go after your items!"
,Recommended,222480,8959388,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,"Good gameplay, but:""CV, RE0, RE5, [Rev], and RE6 have horrid, grating melodrama and over-the-top J-theatre that makes RE1/2/3 seem positively muted and tasteful in tone.""8/10"
,Recommended,222480,12797343,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Luca Fox,"Resident Evil Revelations is only different from other modern iterations of the Resident Evil franchise in that you occasionally get to spend time navigating the cramped corridors of a large ship in the middle of a sea. It can't help but throw you into action heavy sequences and constantly change who you play as that effectively breaks up any immersion you may start feeling as Jill, who is utterly isolated for a majority of the game. Overall it's a rather easy game even on the hardest difficulty. The Raid mode, a separate game mode that lets you play through the stages of the game to gain levels, find items and earn money to help you in progressing to the later levels. Repetitive, but fun enough. The DLC mostly just unlocks new gear for Raid mode, but isn't at all necessary to progress. I'd recommend the game if you can find it heavily on sale."
76561198170403889,Recommended,222480,23529438,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Tiozão do Pavê,"A spin-off of the main series of the Biohazard/Resident Evil franchise, Biohazard Revelations expands the lore of the core series and offers a good challenge to players. Set between the events of Biohazard 4 and 5, the player controls Jill Valentine, Chris Redfield and a cast of new, interesting characters, trying to gather information to bring down a bioterrorist organization known as Il Veltro. The player should expect plot twists, of course, as we're dealing with a Biohard game over here.Graphics are A-OK, with good character and environmental modeling and nice special effects. Great voice acting (well, at least the original, Japanese voice acting is excellent), sound effects and good soundtrack comprise the sound department. Controls are pretty much the same as Biohazard 4, with an over-the-shoulder third person view and good input response. Sadly, the horror, which made the franchise so famous in first place, is nowhere to be found. The game has its moments, and the relative lack of ammunition, herbs and other items scattered across the different places that the player gets to explore makes things a little bit harder, requiring strategic use of such itens and good reflexes in order to dodge enemies and run away safely, but, in the end, it still is an action-oriented game, much like Biohazard 5.Biohazard Revelations may not be a real classic like the three first iterations of the series, but it is a very fun game anyway, and its difficulty and secrets may keep the player busy for quite a while. A must-buy! - 9/10"
76561198017676705,Recommended,222480,21485977,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,^1Vu^7lc^4aN,Good game. Very good singleplayer with a good storyline. Monsters and gunfights are really good as well. Co-op is nice to play with a friend. It's pretty hard when playing those missions single. Might get a bit boring after a while cause you keep walking around at the same places over and over again (at least in my case). Ofcourse new locations are added each time but it's just running around back to where you came from. But new things keep coming so that will keep your attention up. Really recommended.
,Recommended,222480,12885512,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Fucking Chad,"100/10 better than Resident Evil 6Storyline: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 10/10Simply click ""ADD TO CART"" > Download > Welcome To The Depths!"
,Recommended,222480,17598267,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Soap Therapy,"Resident Evil Revelations is mostly based on a cruise ship that becomes a watery grave that no one swims away from.And that is why I like this game. It's not like your other typical RE games that are mainly in a know-it's-for-sure-it's-this environment. The main storyline mostly focuses on this ship, though there are instances where the attention is shifted to other areas that are not related to this ship.Capcom has done well in making this game enjoyable. OST that are slow and gloomy which subtly fits into a dead-sea, and I think, have built enough attention onto this ship that has not lost it's main focus on.Glad that I bought this :)"
76561198057486076,Recommended,222480,14668409,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Dirk79,"After 355 hours of game play, I thought I should write a review.  I'll keep it simple.  A good storey with lot's of characters and weapons mixed with  great co-op playability.  Revelations is fun, challenging and addictive.  A great storey line and in my opinion, raid mode is one of the best co-op layouts ever.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,222480,10539897,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nikita,Disappointed you cant play coop campaign! Otherwise still fun but not a classic survival horror game like the older resident evils!
,Recommended,222480,3963102,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Tulpar1988,Story mode maybe a bit short but better than re5-re6 etc since its closer to classic resident evils.But raid mode is really fun and offers hours of gameplay so dont hesitate to buy this game if you like Resident Evil
76561198119077254,Recommended,222480,9394602,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Bigfun97,"This game was addicting and fun for me :D. The things that i did find a problem though was that aiming could be a little weird, i had to teach myself some of the controlls, and the one thing i REALLY wish this game had was online campain coop. But overall i give this a 7/10, I also recommend getting the game when it's on sale."
,Recommended,222480,10152791,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,I'm already under attack,it's amazing how every resident evil since (and including) 4 has had the bonus mode be infinitely better than the entire main campaign
,Recommended,222480,7606761,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,~JSU76~,"Every Resident Evil game cannot be considered complete without those moments of fear, anxiety, suspense, pressure, and relief, and Resident Evil Revelations delivers them. There is nothing like being in the middle of the ocean on a tightly confined cruise ship with infected monsters seeking blood. With each turn down a corridor or opening of a door you always be thinking to yourself about what could be waiting for you there. You will also find yourself checking every nook and cranny just to make sure you have killed everything, only to find that all of a sudden out from the depths of an elevator shaft or air duct comes a slimy eight foot monster reaching out to lend you a hand. While I was surprised by, and at times felt some of the pressure of, too many enemies, I quickly realized that they tend to be rather dumb and sluggish and that I could just run away.Revelations looks incredibly good considering this is a DS port.  Graphics are not grounbreaking but are nice and have decent effects that are utlitized well on the PC.  I really enjoyed the character models myself and thought that Jill looked good as well as the rest of the cast. The sound and music are typical RE flare and add a great sense of ambience and spooky moods.What is consistent throughout all Resident Evil games is the sense of anxiety when blowing through a ton of ammo and feeling like you are on the verge of not having enough, when low and behold the ammo gods bless you with more. One of the new ways the game has you searching for ammo and health outside of the usual opening of lockers and smashing of boxes is by using the Genesis.  The Genesis is a scanner that detects items around the environment that wouldn't normally be seen with the naked eye. The scanner can also be used on the enemy, and with each successful scan you accumulate a percentage number; when the numbers total up to 100% you are rewarded with a health potion.Yes this is not RE6, which I have not played but it is very fun and has decent story length of gameplay.  There is replayability also with New Game modes and Multi/CoOp play.  Remember that flashy graphics and latets tech does not always equal a stellar game usually it is the gameplay that makes ot breaks it... again RE6 seems to have been disappointing from what I have read, so I opted for this game instead and am gald I did.  It brings back that old school Resident Evil feeling and that I have missed lately."
,Recommended,222480,16800537,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,DeadlyDoRight,A great combination puzzle and action game combined.Easier to play and less clumsy in comparison to RE5 which likethis one is a 3rd person shooter.Recommended for all R.E. fans.The graphics does a good job capturing the decadent desolateatmosphere of a long abandoned ship that gives it a creepy am-bience.One would expect to see phantoms around every corner andhear some ghostly voices whispering to them.Once you start playing it's hard to quit or leave.
76561198096394425,Recommended,222480,10456629,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,น้องเอ,"""ไปหามาเล่นซะ"" สำหรับซีรี่ย์ re ไม่ต้องมีคำวิจารย์อะไรมากมาย 11/10"
,Recommended,222480,17697135,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,LIGHTNING,i played this game and beat it when it came out on 3DS. i always told myself it would be worth another playthroughand when it came out on pc i couldnt help but get it again. resident evil hasnt had a enticing story in a while butresident evil revelations definitley delivers. highly recommoned picking it up.
76561198059414895,Recommended,222480,12861173,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Blhak,"This, this is a step in the right direction. I'm not sure if they could ever get to their glory days again. But this game was pretty good shot at it. There are some parts I groan at redoing when I replay it, but overall pretty damn good. There are even pretty creepy and unsettling parts.Stuck on a ship, with small corridors, enemies in unknown places, and of course...doors that require emblem keys. Not for everyone but if you want something a bit different from the latest Resident Evils, then worth a go."
,Recommended,222480,13014723,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,[HxC]DuckSauce,The best Resident Evil game since the classics.  Resident Evil 4 type gameplay with the survival horror element and atmosphere of the original games.  Nothing else needs to be said.
,Recommended,222480,12756299,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Deathwing Duck,"Keep in mind that this game was initially a Nintendo 3DS game that was ported to console and PC after the fact. The graphics and animations might seem a little dated because of this. That being said, this port is not bad at all, at least for PC. The graphic quality resembles Resident Evil 4.Gameplay and controls are very well done. It's 3rd person over the shoulder. Campaign is singleplayer only but you will have an AI partner. Your partner... isn't the best or most helpful, but thankfully they won't cause a game over if they get hit too much and sometimes serve as a nice distraction, except on bosses. Difficulty ranges from easy early on and nicely becomes more challenging toward the end.There is one glaring problem with the gameplay though. The dodge mechanic is incredibly shoddy. On a 360 controller, you're supposed to press A and a direction at the same time to avoid an attack at the right time, but it only ever seemed to work half the time I did it. Either it's broken or the timing needs to be perfect, but it's very frustrating. I also had an incredible amount of frustration with 2 of the Bosses in this game due to their rather odd mechanics, one of which isn't helped by the wonky dodging.This game is a LITTLE short, but that's forgivable since it was initially a 3DS game. It's also broken up into 14 episodes, some of which are very short. It also makes the game feel disjointed, because you'll be flashing back to earlier events a lot. It's mostly non linear on the ship later on in the game once you progress, so you can go back and find different weapons, ammo, health, and weapon mods (the weapons and the different mods are a great aspect to this game).The game's story is very interesting with a nice plot twist. You'll be playing and partnering with a bunch of very interesting new and returning characters, with Jill Valentine the one you'll be playing the most and the only one who can access the weapons and mods you find.Side note: I had an issue with the cutscenes having audio desync issues, but I'm not sure if this is only my issue.Overall, if you're a Resident Evil fan, you're gonna want to play this game, as the story alone is worth it and captures the mood from the earlier games in the series, with some new elements as well as other elements from later games in the series. Other than that I recommend waiting until it is on sale if you want to play it. But you'll be getting your money's worth.I haven't tried Raid Mode, but that may add some replay value if you're interested."
76561198126200713,Recommended,222480,10484042,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,MajesticWaffles®,"Okay, so to start out, the Resident Evil (the littlecircle with an ""R"" in it) series has gone down hill ever since they came out with Resident Evil 5. The very famous ""Resident Evil 4"" paved the way for 3rd person survival horror. But since Resident Evil 5, the gore has dramatically declined. Mostly due to the fact that RE4 was banned in several countries and minimizing profits. However I believe profits are not the issue when it came to RE4 because so many people were buying it in the United States. This amazingly horrifying game recieved many awards from many gamers everywhere.But enough with the little history report.Resident Evil Revelations, I believe was okay. There wasnt much gore to start with and the female characters are in unbelievably ""exposing"" outfits. But then again, we are dealing with Japan here. So this was not much a surprise here. So basically you play as Jill Valentine along with her Puerto Rican sidekick, Parker in an attempt to save Jill's previous partner, Chris Redfield. However, it erupts into extreme controversey and deceit as you dig deeper as to what was the cause of infection at the beautiful shining city, Terragrigia and its untimely demise.*SPOILER*Jessica is  HUGE ♥♥♥♥♥... just saying.All in all, I really only recommend this game if you bought it when it was only like 12 dollars when it went on sale June 10, 2014 for Steam's ""Mid-Week Madness. This game is basically Hentai but except with sex scenes replaced with the undead."
,Recommended,222480,12198052,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Bread,"I was skeptical considering the Resident Evil games Capcom has been putting out lately that aren't even close to being considered ""Survival Horror.""This game turned out great though.Resident Evil Revelations is episodic so you play as different characters throughout the game.The episodes that featured Jill or Chris were excellent.The episodes that featured the side characters just felt a bit lacking, but seemed important for delivering pieces of the story to the player.Ultimately I enjoyed this game.  Heavily preferred over RE:6 and Operation Racoon City....I recommend a game-pad for playing this game.Pros:Excellent PC Port.  Game looks fantastic.The segments of the game that feature Jill are excellent and feel like the old school Resident Evil games with improved controls.Portions of the game have the ""Survival Horror"" vibe.Controls felt good. 3rd person shooterRaid mode is fun to play long after the game is finished.  Repackages segments of the game world as new levels for the player to work their way through as they level up their characters and equipment.Cons:Episodes that move away from Jill interrupt the build-up of the Survival Horror experience with light-hearted comedic momentsIf you don't use an Xbox360 Controller you will likely need a modification to use your preferred game-pad with the game.8/10  Worth it if you enjoy Resident Evil, Jill Valentine and 3rd person action shooters"
76561197984348330,Recommended,222480,8807628,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Going B,"Here is what everyone has been waiting for!! a scary mixed with a little action game. Graphics amazing, physics a little overboard as far as the knock backs. Really good story, probably the best one since 4 which i know isnt saying much. Die hard fans will love this game, you still get a little coop action but also some solo time to try to scary you :-) The monsters i must say are getting more ridiculous, as far as the dlc, if your going for looks on character go ahead, but they are just like a dollar, so if you have a dollar to spare by all means!! Big improvement was the movements on the third person and made it a more smoother transition. I will recommend this game for all fans new and old."
76561198026559322,Recommended,222480,8523100,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Outlaw074,"I originally played Resident Evil Revelations on the 3ds but i didn't play it for long due to the small screen of the 3ds (don't have the 3ds XL), than a year after it releases on consoles and pc so i decided to purchase it. It is a really good port overall i really enjoyed playing it on the big screen and the graphics look really nice, capcom did a great job with this addition to the series.So I myself have played just about all of the resident evil games and i have to say I am a huge fan of this series although in my opinion resident evil 5 was a bit of of a disappointment, (it didn't feel like a resident evil game).Revelations was a lot of fun it had a good story with some of our favorite characters returning like Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield and some new characters like Parker Luciani, Jessica Sherawat, Keith Lumley and etc.Pros:New Game plus modeExtra story difficulty levelRaid Mode multiplayerGreat HD GraphicsCons:Limited customizationA short StoryNo ZOMBIES!!Gear Grinding in raid modeOverallAs a resident evil fan I enjoyed this game a lot, it may have had a bit of a short story but i still managed to enjoy it and it still has that raid mode mode that you can play solo or run through with a friend as well, I highly recommend this game for the fans of the series and for the newcomers to the series as well."
,Recommended,222480,15158426,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,crippknottick,"The best of the modern Resident Evil game mechanics combined with classic Resident Evil game level design makes this the best RE title to date. The story telling isn't too bad either considering the over-the-top Japanese/Anime drama moments. I'm really surprised this was originally a Nintendo 3DS game. It's a long, complete game. Coming from a handheld that is quite impressive."
,Recommended,222480,10439682,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Winkbell,Hehehe nice game!
76561197998771326,Recommended,222480,33123462,Posted: 2 July,all,||||||||||,"after the dissapointing 6th, revelations brings you back to its roots. perfect mix between horror and shooting.Since Im a huge resident evil 4 fan I really enjoyed revelations. closest to the excellent 4th part so far."
76561198007484825,Recommended,222480,25243672,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ludawig,"This game is great :)Good StorySide Characthers :Parker,Jessica,RachelNice selections of guns and perksBoss battles easy and cheapRaid mode is good with co-op and single player experiencesTitanicLove triangleSomeone is plotting to kill you in the gameTerroristOverall great game to play during summer or college"
,Recommended,222480,10491445,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,•SADBOY•,"I've played this before on console. i gotta say i really liked it. i was renting the game and the disc had an error and it was stuck. So i never finished it. Finally im ready to go back in. So I think the game itself is scary, those monsters can really gang up on you and fast. Something about how they are much taller than you and oddly formed is brutal, not to mention they have a face only a mother could love. Achievement hunters can hunt atleast get half on camp rather than raid mode (which i've hardly tried). Im curious to see how this all ends. My favorite RE game was 4, Lets see if it can top that."
,Recommended,222480,13335863,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Engraphos,"I em not gone repet what other reviwers write about game, so i just give my impresion.Is a game with a decent story and decent graphics, but the fun beggin when you open raide mode.Keep in mind that is worth playing the story/campaign but is only singleplayer, the raide mode is coop.For a small game like this guns customization are huge, almost all the story and raid mission are on a ship...clear is a big ship but still is just a ship.Some weapon parts i think from a point of level design should have been on a armor not on weapon, but in original was a DS game so yes may be some constraints make the game how it is now.In raid mode you gone spend a lot of time, campaign is nice like old Resident Evil game, i finish it 2 times, normal and hard.Tips to make a better experience in game:-do not rush through game, taste the atmosphere-you will want to instal some mods that could make you more happy in game...I mean how could they think that is gone be more appealing for players if Jessica has one naked leg...what a shark eat the pants and she escape with no scratches but with the pants ripped???Let say that Jessica may be interesting like this for some players, but what about Rachel???Level designers of the game dident heard abut principle ""Chekhov's gun""??? Why !!!!???? a character should cary in the back a diving tank if she dosent use it any more??? It was logic if Rachel scuba version could have like swiming infinit under water.And also the drop for weapons is sadic/masochist, and all good stuff come from hardest level Ghost Ship...is a big error for design should have been placed in all maps, and also should have been more weapons drop in corelations with your level.So now i like more the game thanks to some wonderful moders:Thank you ""LeonPlisken"" for making full pants for Jessica, link to his work and download if someone feel same need like me:http://z6.invisionfree.com/Resident_Evil_4_PC/index.php?showtopic=25445Thank you ""Yoichi"" for takeing down that ugly scuba tank, i play a lot with Rachel so i like it more like this without the tank an her back, link to his work:http://z6.invisionfree.com/Resident_Evil_4_PC/index.php?showtopic=26877And a very big thanks to ""tomas18"" for fixing what should have made capcom from the day one when they build the game, drop in game for weapons is much better and we are not force any more to play like maniacs only ghost ship.His mode like he said ""...it WILL give you level 47-50 weapons regardless of what stage you're playing. It will also greatly increase your chances of having a special weapon like Revelator, Raider, Thunder Raptor, High Roller II, etc.""Link to his work:http://z6.invisionfree.com/Resident_Evil_4_PC/index.php?showtopic=25391I run all this mods without problems but always make a backup, a copy of every file that is replace by mods...make a folder like ""originals"" on your descktop so you know where they are all the time.In the end of my words about this game, is worth to buy it and playit and after the campaign check the group raide hunters and discussion pages for this game, always you will find nice partners for raide mod in coop...do not give up if no one is online, let a message on forum page.Have a nice gameplay to all, and i hope we meet in sesion for hunting ugly monsters..."
76561198010001199,Recommended,222480,31183912,Posted: 16 April,all,LazyKennedy,"Story is not co-op: Thats BS! Not as good as other resident evils but not bad, recommend buying at a discount. Worth no more than 10 bucks in my opinon."
76561198041844214,Recommended,222480,12194227,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,NGamer,Intro:Better than Resident Evil 6... Revelation brings back the jumpy moments like in the orginal Resident Evil gamesGraphics:Level detail was greatCharacters realizism was goodOveral easy on the eyesGameplay:Difficult at times but overal no problemsThe Bad:Useless Partner AILack of Realistic look to the epic boss battleConcluesion:Keeps you want more Resident Evil games
76561198006476640,Recommended,222480,13128485,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Morphy,"A good addition to the Resident Evil series. Similar in style to Resident Evil 4, much of it set however, in some welcome new locations such as aboard a ship, the Queen Zenobia. I think the monsters you encounter are a bit uninspired, but if you enjoy playing the likes of Resident Evil 4, this game is well worth playing."
,Recommended,222480,10436744,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,River,"I actually like this game. I didn't like RE6 [The menu system etc.]But this is pretty neat, Kind of like recent but legacy Resident Evils, Maybe 4 or 5.Story line so far is quite interesting too, Imo, 8.5/10. Prefer it over RE6 by alot."
,Recommended,222480,13310892,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,fenrif,"This is a great combination of old-school resident evil style survival horror, and the new breed of resident evil third person action games. Though the new resi 4+ style action segments are spread out across the narrative and it's used as a tension breaker.The graphics are great, despite it being a 3DS port. There isn't much inventory management, and the save system and health systems are simplified somewhat. Lots of autosaving and the only herbs you find are green. But overall definatly worth a play for anyone who is a fan of the genre.The only negatives are the terrible AI for your companions. They follow you around for most of the game and are completely ineffectual in a fight. However you don't have to worry about them surviving either as enemies will generally just ignore them. I think they're just a plot contrivance more than anything, and once you realise that it stops being annoying that they don't cover you when you reload.I would caution against pying the full £30 for this though, as the campaign only clocks in at about seven to eight hours. Which may be  bit pricey for some people. There is raid mode and new game+, both of which I didn't try. So that may change your mind on that one.Lastly near as I can tell the DLC is mostly stuff for raid mode and cosmetic stuff. So it can be safely skipped if you're only interested in singleplayer."
76561197995128089,Recommended,222480,10434388,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,miamisubs,Jill Valentine's glistening wetsuit barely conceals her heaving bosom and immaculate posterior.  Highly recommended!
76561198058046984,Recommended,222480,29156205,Posted: 9 January,all,Tacticz,"Resident Evil: Revelations is a solid game in this series that takes what made the originals great, and combines it with the modern controls of the newer games. This is one of the more accessible games in the series as it has some the best contols in the series while remaining creepy. While Resident Evil 5 is a fun action game, this is probably what that game should have been. I recommend this to anyone who is interested in the Resident Evil series.Score - 7/10"
,Recommended,222480,34672924,Posted: 1 September,all,DannyRodriguez,"Resident Evil Revelation's greatest strength is that it managed to be pretty creepy at times.While Resident Evil 5 was more action-oriented Revelations retains some of that classic horror that was there during the start of the series. The communications officer boss fight is a great example of this. However, the game suffers from being made for the Nintendo 3DS which makes it both graphically and mechanically inferior to all the other installments in the series. A general lack of polish really brings the whole experience down and I think that's a shame because at its core it's a pretty good game.Paul Eiding, the voice of Metal Gear Solid's Colonel Campbell, plays Clive R. O'Brian and he's awesome in anything he's in. Clive O'Brian is pretty much the same character as Colonel Campbell as well so I really enjoyed his character. This is the first Resident Evil game to have comfortable mouse and keyboard controls so that's also a big plus. However there are too many annoyances that bog down the good aspects of the game such as not being able to skip text descriptions, which is a little thing but you do notice it, and the episodic nature of the game which makes the whole experience too fragmented for my taste.But the biggest disappointment by far is that the title of ""Revelations"" doesn't actually mean anything. There are no actual revelations in the game, no dark underlying secret to recontextualize the entire series. It's merely a generic title."
,Recommended,222480,10431702,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Big-E,"Only played a for a few minutes.  The first boat seen and what I assume is the first part of chapter 1 when you scan the flesh on  shore.It really looks impressive.  Smooth game play, fairly easy to control, just all around impressive.  Excellent port from the 3DS.Really smooth on my laptop.  I have an i7 quadcore with a geforce gt 745m and it's just fine.This is a pretty good resource if you want to compare your geforce hardware with the recommended specs:http://www.notebookcheck.net/Mobile-Graphics-Cards-Benchmark-List.844.0.html"
,Recommended,222480,11795298,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,keybox,booty/10
,Recommended,222480,10439421,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,skwært,"Austonding angle on Jills butt, enhance the experience with mods.9/10 -1 because of Chris butt"
76561198083906000,Recommended,222480,7045603,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,(S.O.B.R) MALUTA SKYRATOV,"Прошёл... ВЫВОД : Сонибляди объёбывают народ на даллары...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ы,Педофилы,Мразь...Живое омерзение...Живая подлость...."
,Recommended,222480,12943850,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Legit Romulan,"Harkens a bit back to the older, scarier Resident Evil themes while maintaining gameplay that isn't itself harkening to 1996.  The campaign mode is engaging and well thought out with an Alan Wake-style episode system, constantly changing points of view, playable characters, and fleshing out more and more of the setting.  The Raid mode is bare bones until the campaign is unlocked; then, you get to work solo or with an ally using the roster from the main game in various maps with a good bit of challenge.  Not exactly worth full price (Steam is aiming high here) but $20 for the base game w/ DLC is a steal."
,Recommended,222480,2518461,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,NERO™,"Эта часть серии Resident evil более похожа на 4 часть, и это КРУТО .По мне, игру стоит купить, она достойна этого. По атмосфере ужаса на уровне 4 части, что и радует. Имеется кооперативный режим (не для компании).Сюжет раскручивается, как всегда, на высоте, интересно следить за событиями.Имеется 1 маленький минус - могли бы в компанию добавить кооператив."
76561198023637559,Recommended,222480,13633484,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Omunall,"If you've played this game to death on the 3DS, there is still a ton of game here. New characters for Raid mode (including Jessica) awesome visuals, superb controls, and overall just an awesome game. This is easily one of the best RE games to date, and stands up to the best of them (In my opinion RE2/4). I purchased the complete pack for 14 bucks via 2014 holiday sale, however the regular price is still very much worth the buy. All the DLC, the campaign, new game plus, and while i've literally only played for 15 min so far i can easily say this is far better than I had exected. I jammed on a raid mode game and have not played the campaign at the time of this review, but what I did play was still fun. Jessica is a beast in bother her regular human outfit and her enhanced skill sets that she has as the ooze (enhanced melee, regenerative health, etc) which even this small addition is awesome. Characters have differences. This is what the game should be.PC MASTER RACE!"
76561198364370270,Recommended,222480,30048190,Posted: 19 February,all,High Noon,Realy good game i reccomend it If you get bored you can always play rad mode.try out every difficulty you will love it.
76561198048907013,Recommended,222480,11187381,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,The Dumbest Man,"Don Cheenis was once a normal buisness man until one day, a group known as DOG attacks the US. In this MMO styled shooter you can play as all your favourite characters such as Spiderman, Don Cheenis, and even Hitler! The combat is turn based and there are plenty of cards to collect as you traverse the land of Gahool. One complaint I do have is the unrealistic features of the donkey character and in no way would the donkey wield an M3, everyone knows that the donkey character should use the M9. I have to say though the physics of the rainbow level on stage 59 realy emerses you in the no way horror oriented gameplay. I won't spoil anymore for you but the beat-em-up arcade styled reboot is definitly worth your time!"
,Recommended,222480,8581427,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Menckenstein,"This is a better Resident Evil game than the last two numbered ones by far. Get your stuff together Capcom, this is what I want to play, not motorcycle chases on rails.Controls are good, graphics are solid, length is commendable (that's what she said), the scanning gimmick to achieve healing items is kinda cool. Boss fights are a little weak but I guess that's to be expected from a handheld port.And the plot? Yeah who cares it's Resident Evil, bad guys, viruses, monsters, glaringly obvious plot twists, etc. QUALITY GAME."
,Recommended,222480,24409593,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"It's alright, but it just aint RE4.One of the fun things in RE4 is you can blow off the heads and in this one you can't.Also the camera is up way to close and RE4 is more open.Don't count to much on your AI.It is cool that you switch between storylines.And that you get to play with other characters in the game.Gametime is about 12-14 hours on the first go.Graphics are alright, but not worth bragging.So to sum it up, the game is alright but it just aint RE4.Buy it on sale 75% off if you do want to play it."
,Recommended,222480,21345832,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Charly,I bought this game because of Jill Valentins's REAR !!10/10  great rear!  :)BTW the games is also very cool!
,Recommended,222480,13759607,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,XzonE,"It's a pretty good game. You are on the same boat trought the whole campaign. Oh, Jills butt is... Awesome! *.*"
76561198034077870,Not Recommended,222480,10433405,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Maestum,"This game is a ode to how far Capcom has fallen from grace, the jewel in the crown.Revelations lacks any kind of horror which made previous iterations great, and that's just the start.Clunky controls characters are very difficult to orientate correctly, broken mechanics (The dodge mechanic is hit and miss, I did not once successfully dodge an attack on purpose, it just happens when it wants to.)Your ""partner"" throughout the game is gimped, they can only stun enemies with their gunfire,they do zero real damage, offer no assistance such as ammo or healing (Something RE5 actually did right) and serve no actualy purpose. At least they can't die, or this game would likely have been deleted and a refund sought.Horribly outdated graphics (Looks like an early xbox 360 on Ultra).Annoying camera, your character taking up most of the field of view in the cramped environments.No character development with needless love story undertones thrown in for good measure.My main beef with this game however is the eminent lazyness obvious throughout, frequent backtracks (At one one point you are asked to fight through the same area again are just beating it).Lazy writing obvious from the ludicrous amount of plot holes and very basic, cliche dialogue.Lazy animations for basic tasks (when cutting a door open you blowtorch the centre and it falls over)Lazy level design, I seriously have to manually open each door and watch the animation? Doors close automatically?Environments look the same, difficult to tell apart, non inuitive and results in a lot of wondering (The map is no help whatsoever, also lazy.)The AI is lazy, BOW dogs literally run at you, dart back to original position and enter the attack animation.Enemies are lazy, BOW dogs come in 2 varieties, small and grey, big and black. The main enemies througout use largely the same character model with slight adjustments for ranged and melee opponents.Whilst the game is largely easy it experiences 2/3 incredible difficulty spikes, completing most missions without a death on normal, at these spikes I died 5+ times each.Very poor optimization is obvious, entering new areas which are really not that large or detailed needs 15/20 seconds of in game loading and a serious stutter in frame rate. This is also a travesty considering the game environment is very small, a ship at night, undoubtably to save on dev time.Copy and paste story from previous RE games, bad gameplay and bad optimization makes this game the final nail for Capcom.I bought this game for 10 euros, unless it goes down to 5 or less and you've a day of boredom ahead, spend that ten euro on six cans of booze, you'll get more enoyment out of it."
76561198041050252,Recommended,222480,10513475,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Shimon,rE
76561197962085390,Recommended,222480,8505331,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,F!nalChaos,"Definitely takes me back to old school resident evil, when you're not expecting the things that are lurking around the corner. They pop out and you're just not ready for the excitement of this game. Definitely worth the play and a good excite factor. No ammo no guns. Classic game right here.Recommend highly fun game to play"
76561198022794608,Recommended,222480,10465385,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Asylum,THis game is awesome I just wish they would add co-op to story mode 8/10 because of thise
,Recommended,222480,10917866,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ashcroft,"Out of the new style Resident evil games (4,5,6 and revelations), this one is probably the best.Good Graphics, solid gameplay, good story and replay value.this game reminded me of the older style ones, and i enjoyed it a great deal, highly recommended"
,Recommended,222480,10982501,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Yirba,"AnyResident Evilfanneedsto play this!When I first startedResident Evil Revelaitons, I didn't know what to expect. However, this game ended up being one of my favourites of the series.As fans of the series will know, theResident Evilseries changed a great deal withResident Evil 4. And although that was a great game, it felt very different from its predecessors.Luckily,Revelaitonsdoes a brilliant job of recapturing the feel and flavour of those classicResident Evilgames. The story may not be brilliant, but then again, the series was never renowned for its narrative. What's important is thatRevelaitonsgives a greater focus on delivering fear to the player, and the limited amount of ammunition forces you to pick your foes wisely.For me, the originalResident EvilandResident Evil Zerowill remain my favourites of the series.Revelaitons, however, comes a close third.TrueResident Evilfans will appreciate the cheeky little nods to previous entries of the series in this fantastic game filled with unspeakable creatures which leave you with nothing to say except, ""what is this?"""
76561198004388443,Recommended,222480,9984289,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,rikster,This game has been quite a lot of fun. I am however disappointed in the shortness of it. This was due in large part to the numerous cut scene videos.
76561197985072747,Recommended,222480,1040182,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"A 3DS port...but it is actually quite good. Is closer to the original RE than RE6 with limited resources and scares. Problem is there is no multiplayer campaign, which I really enjoyed in RE6."
,Recommended,222480,11955648,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Feenris,"(This review does not include the raid mode, which is actually pretty fun with a friend initially but it wears off pretty quickly, if you plan to buy this just for coop, do not buy it. If you are however interested in its campaign do read on.)In an era where the survival horror genre is ultimately boiled down to your average military shooter (or other ways to get it to become more mainstream), Resident Evil: Revelations manages to be faithful to its series roots in more ways than the series' recent iterations (including the worshipped 4).RE:R is set mainly on an abandoned cruise ship infested with zombies. The idea of marrying RE to a ship setting is a match made in heaven. With closed and claustrophobic environments, the game will immediately invoke a sense of creepiness as to what lies on the other end of the door or when you turn a corner. While the zombies aren't very scary at all, the presentation of them and how they would appear in front of you is creepily perfect.The story is almost predictable but plays out very nicely as the characters are interesting and mostly likable, including a very nice presentation of a chilling atmosphere.However, it is debatable that the first half of the story is creepier due to the initial unfamiliarity of the setting as you are going to be revisiting familiar areas of the ship. Fortunately, the second half is more dense story-wise which gives it good reason for you to finish playing it.One aspect which i could not vouch for is its gameplay; it is extremely outdated. While I do understand that it is a port from a 3DS game, as a PC game the mechanics of the game is very stiff and really feels dated. Since a huge chunk of the game consists mostly of gameplay, this takes alot of points away from it being an extremely good game. But for the most part it does give a survival horror vibe to it due to its constrains, but there are definitely better ways to do it.Overall, Resident Evil: Revelations is an extremely solid game. It tells a pretty cliche story in a good way with its strong cast, great soundtrack, setting and atmosphere. Gameplay leaves alot to be desired and at times may be frustrating and really stiff.7.5/10 I would actually give it somewhere in between 7.5 and 8 but i think its closer to 7.5Also, if you are interested in butts, I recommend it fully. 10/10"
76561198071808426,Recommended,222480,12005074,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Zengatsu,my fav game resident evill forever
,Recommended,222480,12032018,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Pim #Baby Mario,9.5/10 very good game if you are a fan of the older more horror oriented resident evil you dont want miss out on this excellent game refreshing this is what the resident evil franchise really needed keep up goodwork capcom Resident evil revelations 2 release date early 2015
,Recommended,222480,12107915,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Wesleydale,Played this on PS3 was good then still good now.....only problem is not many people play the co-op mode in this game anymore
76561197984615881,Recommended,222480,9005544,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,hawkulous,"It is no Resident Evil 6 , but it's still a Resident Evil game , barrels of fun , great exploration , cool monsters . And it has Raid mode , awesome ."
,Recommended,222480,7366221,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,愛 ♥Imouto-chan♥,"This is a step in the totally wrong direction, I feel like Capcom is turning into Infinty Ward with their new title. Same awful game engine copy pasted into the same awful game; they didn't even bother to come up with any unique story but instead have us using characters that are older then the dawn of time over and over and over again.Boring game, not worth anyones time or money.8/10Call of Residents: Tactical Nukes Enhanced Edition"
,Recommended,222480,12099400,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Genesis,"Welcome to Resident evil revelations...This game is an adaptation to the 3DS version. The graphics are enhanced and the gameplay is actually pretty fun. When they released it on other platforms i had my sketpical thoughts on this game but in all honesty it is definitely a good game. Let me start by saying the story is interesting and it has a story play a lot like resident evil 6. By that i mean it alternates characters. The game is obviously fun, it has a bit more of an arcady feel to me but it still feels more like Resident evil 4 than the newer fast paced shooter versions. So to continue with this review let me say that the graphics aren't amazing. I mean the fingers look a bit blocky but i mean if you seriously are a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ then i don't want to even see one of you people play Minecraft or any of these blocky games. The gameplay is smooth and the only issue i had was that it occasionally had a lag in frames.If you're a resident evil fan this game is definitely one that you would most likely like to play. Not to mention the raid mode is really fun. Especially with the weapon drops makes it so you can play for hours. Enjoy the horror and enjoy the game."
,Recommended,222480,10476349,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Serjão Reis,"Português / EnglishGameplay: 10/10Story: 10/10Music and Sound: 10/10Raid Mode (Online Gameplay): 9/10Graphics: 8/10Não posso dizer que sou fã da série pois meu histórico com Resident Evil é com RE 1, RE 2, RE 3 e Code Veronica.Não joguei o 4, 5, 6 e quaisquer outros pois os achei uma grande porcaria.Dito isto, fico muito feliz de ver como a Capcom ""recuperou"" muito do que um dia já foi Resident Evil nesta nova versão chamada Revelations.Sinceramente, havia muito tempo que não tinha o sentimento de ""valeu cada centavo"".Demorei 12 horas para zerar no modo Infernal, o meu primeiro contato com o jogo já foi logo na dificuldade mais difícil porque eu achei que os outros modos não teriam graça, tenho mania de fazer isso, mas valeu a pena, apesar da grande dificuldade principalmente no início do jogo, o modo Infernal proporciona um clima maravilhoso de dificuldade muito semelhante ao Dark Souls, sua munição acaba rápido e não há tantas ervas espalhadas pelos cenários, então, prepare to die!A história é ótima, por não ter acompanhado a série eu não sei exatamente quanto tempo depois de Raccon City se passa o Revelations.Além disso, temos o modo ""Raide"" com um ótimo toque de RPG no jogo, é um co-op online que vale muito a pena, inicialmente eu havia comprado o game apenas pelo Raid mas depois que joguei o modo campanha eu fiquei muito satisfeito com tudo o que vi.Os único pontos negativo são os gráficos que por ser um port de 3DS não te vislumbrará tanto, mas está bem razoável e não deixa tanto a desejar, e a jogabilidade em controle. Acredite em mim, jogue no teclado/mouse, principalmente se for jogar no Infernal, este inclusive é ao mesmo tempo um ponto positivo, a jogabilidade foi PERFEITAMENTE adaptada para o teclado/mouse, muito fluído e fácil.Eu não costumo escrever reviews, quem me conhece sabe o quanto sou chato e exigente e que só escrevo review quando o jogo é bom e vale a pena, então compre. Se não tiver grana sobrando, espere uma promoção qualquer e compre, me adicione e me chame para jogar um raid.I'm not a fan of Resident Evil, I only have played RE 1, 2, 3 and Code Veronica, after that I just feel pain for every RE out there. Capcom did a great job to revive the real old times in RE Revelations, with a great story and very good gameplay we have the raid mode, a co-op online with some RPG elements that simply works perfectly in RE.We have only two 'cons', the graphics and the joystick gameplay.We have a port here, so you will not get stuned for a graphic awesomeness moment, but it's just ok.The joystick gameplay isn't good, but at the same time Capcom did a great job in the keyboard/mouse adaptation so believe me, play in keyboard/mouse.I start the game playing my first time directly in the Infernal game difficulty, it's very hard but worth, the game have a great atmosphere of difficulty similar to Dark Souls, you need to know how to shot and take advantage of the game cause you don't have too much herbs and ammo, so prepare to die.Really worth every cents."
,Recommended,222480,10782378,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,"ForgottenSoldier "" 初音ミク",very good game if someone need help with raid mode add me.
,Recommended,222480,9877323,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Baddy,best resident pevil in ferever i give it the highest rating of 5 avocados out of 10 oranges
76561198088934353,Recommended,222480,14206363,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,What does this button do???,I have to say...In some ways this is better then RE6....
,Recommended,222480,10756035,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Candid Vita,Best RE game since the Remake which came out over 10 years ago!
,Recommended,222480,8598863,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Jolesco,"I've always been a fan of the Resident Evil franchise.And ""RE"" Revelations is no exeption....Cool atmosphere and varying scenarios keeps you hungry for more.This game is more like the original style of RE games, from the 90'es.If you are fan of the original ""RE"" games.......go grab this also"
76561198025143866,Recommended,222480,10499286,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,jnozsc,must try if you love Biohazard 1. This is what Biohazard REALLY should be!
76561197960337775,Recommended,222480,7423908,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,tHEgaMeZ™,Great Coop Mode! Great Graphics! and of course Jill´s Butt :>
,Recommended,222480,13641969,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,MR KILLP0P,"Love the feel, back to the old days with over-the-shoulder view - the best of both worlds."
76561198035504240,Recommended,222480,4319209,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Raven-Actual,"This game is really a good game,especially for those old school Resident Evil fans. This game might bring some nostalgia feeling in terms of the scare factor and survival instincts. However this game does not have co-op in the campaign but it does have it in the raid mode which is really fun with someone.Overall this is a good transition to the consoles and pc with tight controls and HD graphics."
76561198061196847,Recommended,222480,10872008,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,TetchyMastafu,"If you are a fan of any of the newer Resident Evil games, 4, 5, or 6, then you'll love this game. The campaign mode is fun, but the real ""meat"" of this game is in the Raid Mode. With plenty of stages and unlockables to discover, Raid mode offers almost infinite replay value. I got this game when it was on sale for $13, but after seeing all the content the game offers, I'd say the game is worth the full price cost. The only downside is the lack of players; I have yet to find a joinable match online. So if your considering getting this game, I would recommend convincing one friend to get the game as well. Single player is enjoyable, but nothing beats playing co-op with a buddy."
76561198078299443,Recommended,222480,15993806,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nukke92,This one is WAY WAY WAY better than RE revelations 2. I just wish it wouldn't take so long for matchmaking.
76561198066348512,Recommended,222480,13820141,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DoctorSushi,"This is a very fun game, but I would recommend you wait for it to come on sale for 25 dollars or less.The game plays a lot like resident evil 4 and 5 with the over the shoulder view.  The controls are really good, and they aren't like the action controls for RE6.  The menu's had a little bit of trouble.  It's kind of weird how you select the weapons and eveything is blue so it can be hard to select a gun quickly.  They work, but I would prefer the type of menu from RE4 or even 5 over this one.The story is over the top and fun just like most RE games.  There's a conspiricy theory, and a bunch of destruction and blood, so if you've played the other resident evil games this is more of the same.  One thing I really like about the story is the setting.  The majority of the game takes place on an old abandoned cruise ship.  The location reminds me of the mantion from resident evil 1 and is very creepy.  Even though the game isn't super scary, it is a lot more scary than the newer ones.  I would rank the scares in this game somewhere between resident evil 4 and 5.The game ran really well for me and does not have super high system requirements.  I did have trouble getting the game to run in 1366 × 768 resolution for some reason.  I don't knonw if that has been changed yet, but I found it odd that I couldn't get the game to run in the resolution I wanted.  I ended up playing the game with a black border around my screen which was annoying.  I'm sure I could have messed around with it or found some sort of fix, but I wasn't really in the mood to do that when I played the game.  So just know you might have to look for a fix online if you want certain resolutions.All in all I would recommend this game.  It is a turn back to the older games and even though it isn't that scary, it offers a couple scares for horror fans like me.  I would recommend you get this game if you really liked RE4 or even RE1 because of the setting.  They are releasing a sequel soon, and I hope that they build on this success to make a classic RE experience."
76561198028788873,Recommended,222480,10956425,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,zerja,"What can I say about Resident Evil: Revelations ?I bought the game during the Steam summer sale 2014 for 9,99€ and believe me when I say that this game is worth every single Euro of it, especially if you are a fan of the older Resident Evil titles. I almost regret it that I did not bought it earlier.I do not know how much I can actually write about the game without spoiling it at least a little bit so be aware of it. You have been warned.Capcom tried to get back to the roots with this game after the more action based Resident Evil 5 and 6.Therefore you will encounter a lot less of the ""Call of Duty"" feeling where you have to shoot your way through the levels. In addition to that there are no real quick time events either. However, there are some little passages within the game where you have to shoot your way through the monsters. Thankfully, these passages are rather short and do not ruin the game to much.You play the game mainly as Jill Valentine who was sent out with her partner Parker Luciani to find Chris Redfield. Even though the main character is Jill you will have to play some different characters as well. The story might be confusing at first sight, because there are some jumps here and there, but it will all make sense in the end.The biggest part of the game plays on a ship, which is huge by the way. During your progress you will unlock new rooms and areas of the ship and some of them are really pretty. You will need to backtrack a couple of times to get new keys etc. to open new areas so a good memory or good map reading skills are recommended otherwise you will run in circles =)There are even some riddles in the game, but sadly they are not really worth mentioning. Oh I almost forgot about the ""shock moments"". Some of them really catched me off guard. I really recommend to play this game with lights out in the evening, preferably with a good headset.I did my first playthrough on the normal difficulty and in comparison to Resident Evil 5 and 6 I actually managed to run out of ammo sometimes so do not waste you bullets. I can only imagine how brutal the hardest difficulty must be which I will definitely try to beat. By the way the last boss of the game really deserves to be called ""boss"". Personaly, I think it was one of the most hardest bossfights in my Resident Evil history. Maybe because I did not upgrade my weapons or did not use a rocket launcher (easy mode). Believe me you will be so much satisfied after you beat him words just cannot describe it. Dark Souls is a piece of cake in comparison, really it is.I needed 12h more or less for my first playthrough, but I was really trying to look at every corner and soak up the atmosphere of the game. I guess you can finish it in 8-9h if you rush through it.I do not know what else to say.Buy it, play it, love it."
,Recommended,222480,11132625,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Richard Parker,"Truly masterful. A proper survival horror experience. Perfect for anyone that likes little to no ammo, dark corridors and nightmares."
,Recommended,222480,8670909,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,EnderEverfrost,Resident Evil Revelations is another great addition to the Resident Evil Series bringing back favorite characters Jill  and Chris and some new faces like Parker and Jessica. With the aiming system we all have loved since Resident Evil 4. With new mutations  and a new area to explore this game lives up to the expectations of the Resident Evil name.
76561198218215029,Recommended,222480,23780287,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ronba,Very good
76561198021511084,Recommended,222480,10731697,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jason Reaper,very good allround game just what you expect from resident evil.
,Recommended,222480,11313947,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Sahkonteic,Helluva fun game. Its as good as the original resident evil games.
,Recommended,222480,15902964,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Patrick,Scary but fun to play
,Recommended,222480,7393703,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,nej1.nnf,Primeiro resident evil da nova geração que da uns sustos.. joguem flw
,Recommended,222480,13707545,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,RobotSpammer,"Having grown up with the earlier Resident Evils and suffering through the mess that was Resident Evil 5, I had little hope that Capcom could recover from the damage they've done to the franchise. But, hey, they thankfully proved me wrong with a game that was originally a 3DS spin off. With Revelations, the series once again gains survival horror like settings, atmosphere, and mechanics while still maintaining all the improvements made with the controls.For the older fans: You'll get a decent amount of survival horror atmosphere, along with the ammo conservation mechanics. It's nowhere near the golden days of Resident Evil 1-CV but it's leagues above the stuff they pulled with Resident Evil 5. Heck, it's a start in the right direction right? The story as well actually feels like a throwback to the earlier games with a lot of chess moves going on in the background and you the player trying to figure out the mystery before the game reveals it. Of course most importantly, they brought the item chest back. I only serves to hold extra fire arms in this game but having inventory management in a RE game after such a long time, was a nice surprise.For the newer fans: All the great things about Resident Evil 4's controls are still there, ammo isn't limited enough that you can't go on a small shooting spree on normal or lower difficulty, and action sequences are sprinkled through the entire game. So if you like the action side more of the franchise, you can have fun with Revelations with the understanding it's not 4 or 5 in terms of shooting everything that comes at you.To wrap this up, this is a great game compared to the junk Capcom has released in the RE franchise these couple of years. Good story, exploration, running from enemies, good narrative, and interesting enemy designs(though they get repetitive after a while.) I hope Capcom lets the team behind this game continue to do their own thing of bringing back the series closer to its original form because fans will response to that with purchases. Meanwhile, Capcom can use the main series to continue to try and force a square peg in a round hole with their ""No, no, it's not a rip-off of Call of Duty. It's action survival, trust us."" With the magic that was Resident Evil 6, I'm sure that's working beautifully for them."
,Recommended,222480,9408808,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Double Double XL,"an edit of the edit of my review:Don't play this game in english, play it in a french, much scarier in french, english ehhh, spanish.. ehh, french, french is scary."
76561198030891580,Recommended,222480,14358951,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Andy,"Great way to revive the old survival horror style with a cross between 1+2 and 4. One improvement that could have been made is that in campaign when Chris and Jill reunite is if the player could choose which character to take control of, but other than that, awesome \m/"
,Recommended,222480,15909235,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Antagony,"Really awesome spooky atmosphere to this one, I'll take Revelations over RE5 any day.And god damn Jill was hot in this one."
,Recommended,222480,7209496,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Акайнар,Лучшая игра последних двух лет!
,Recommended,222480,12134370,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Kanna,"This game hella dope. It ain't scary but its fun as fug. 7.5/10, it was nice. Jills♥♥♥♥♥was great, loved it. Chris's♥♥♥♥♥remains subpar. Why this game make me play as Porker? What a tubba blubba. Raid mode as Lady HUNK was great, she has nice legs. How come there never is any cute guys in RE games? Probably because they're dead in this universe. Rip in peace.Jessica's 1 exposed legged diving suit was probably the dumbest thing I've ever seen, and I've seen Jill fight zombies while in a pirate costume and Chris dress up as a stripper and Hunk forget his pants.The knife is USELESS. It does NOTHING. Shanking mutants for hours they just don't drop.Game is super misleading about how to dodge. It tells you to press UP or DOWN plus A. What it doesn't tell you is that it's UP and DOWN+A, not UP+A and DOWN+A. And you don't tap it, you have to hold it. Doesn't tell you that. What a joke.Obrian for President, Magnums are OP, Rachel is mai waifu, Comms officer is my husbando, Terragrigia was an inside job, Jessica is a♥♥♥♥♥♥for dinners(she wants 2 whole dinners wtf fatty), 50 ♥♥♥♥ing twists are too many, Jackass needs to calm down."
,Recommended,222480,13447195,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,ҠΞƔḮῇ,Played the original on 3ds. Loved it. Tried the PC port. Still loved it.Is it me or does Jill look cross-eyed on the thumbnail.
,Recommended,222480,12075566,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,{5LINE}Cows with Guns,"Very disappointing...My last RE game was with RE5 on PS3 (RE6 didn't appear impressive from the trailers I previewed and later from the player base review).Then I read Revelation is considered better than RE6 - boy did I not understand how low the bar was set.1. Gameplay: 7/10RE4 set the de facto standard with ""over-the-shoulder"" 3rd person action and I have no problems with it.I used the keyboard and mouse setup - whole reason why I bought the PC version.Camera can be a bit wonky at times but for 97-99% of the time I had no problems.Difficulty wise, definitely harder than RE4 and RE5 (from what I remembered on Gamecube and PS3 anyway); Boss fights are challenging enough to require expending nearly all your ammunitions and proper aiming (no EZ rocket for you! RE4 boss fights haha...).Also, no weapon can become ""overpowered"" in the sense they can't be upgraded beyond what the weapon mods allow for.From what I can tell, the DLC weapons offer no significant advantage over what is available in the stock game.2. Duration/replayability 4/10OK, I may have rushed it a bit, (I actually completely missed the magnum pickup in episode 7 and only bothered to look it up online after completing the game).It may also have to do with the game design (Raid mode doesn't do anything for single player; Capcom trying to squeeze EVERYONE's story in 10 hours).3. ""Story"": 3/10Seriously, I hated the constant switching of characters in each episode (WTF, can't we just pick a character, follow-through on their one story and replay the game from another character's view?)RE4 had the right idea - main campaign with Leon, separate ways with Ada.To Capcom and other players, if you want another perspective from another character? That should be considered DLC material right there and I have no problems with it as long as its of good quality.The story is also full of cliches, but its the RE series, I don't expect an Epic.*New* Raid mode: 7/10The RNG loot mode. I suppose its a decent grinder; 5-20 minutes on each stage (around 30 total) looking for random loots with map levels based on the campaign.Bonus weapons in raid mode are available from time to time fromresidentevil.netapparently (most have expired already however...)Online co-op has not been working for me.Overall 6/10 (Edited):I bought this game for 15$ on sale with all of its included DLCs and I feel that is about the right value from my experience. Other players may differ in opinion, but I felt RE4/5 were worth their full retail price (40~50$) at release compared to this entry.Rumors hold that Revelations  2 is to be an episodic release... I will be holding onto my credit card and be waiting for the completed edition; and I will be waiting for actual players experience feedback before purchasing.Edit: This review was edited after going through raid mode. I now rate this as an acceptable, but not great purchase."
,Recommended,222480,18868660,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Anima5,dj
,Recommended,222480,7899052,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Desperado,"A great little game, and a pleasant addition to the franchise. Somewhat surreal though. I hope you aren't scared of the open ocean and deep sea..."
,Recommended,222480,13676783,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Powersocke,"Resident Evil Revelations is, for Resident Evil standards, and considering in which direction Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil 5 were going, a really good game, No kidding. To be fair, I liked Resident Evil 4 & 5 regardless. But Revelations makes a lot better than its predecessors.On the positive side we have a lot of helpful features keeping the game fresh and making it stand out. You can now move while aiming and shooting, effectively increasing mobility and, above all else, fun. Seriously, how many times did we get annoyed by the ""You are aiming and can not move"" mechanic of the other games? Right, a lot. Also, your knife now functions by pressing the attack key without aiming providing quicker access to melee combat. It's still not spectacular or even helpful to fight with the knife and you're basically screwed if you have to resort to do so, but hey.Then there's your health bar.Remember how you got a single full health bar in RE 5 and no separate compartments, rendering any herb that wasn't combined with another useless? Well, they got completely rid of that by giving you no health bar at all but instead take a sort of CoD approach by having blood around the screen, indicating your life. If the screen becomes less colour saturated and there's a lot of blood on the edges of your screen, you better get healed.Also, the healing system is more convenient. You now cancarry a set amount of herbs with you at any given time and you completely heal with a single herb upon the press of a single button, making it harder to waste herbs. Or easier, depending on you and how trigger-happy you are.Staying with ""can carry a set amount of X"", you can only carry so much ammo of one type with you. You can increase your maximum ammo capacity by collecting ammo pouches but as for your inventory, no space is stolen by ammo you don't need. You just collect ammo or any items for that matter of one type until you can not carry any more of this item, while all the other items still have room.Your inventory has been reworked, too. But I guess I just explained everything you need to know.As for the story itself, it isn't all that bad actually. Well, it's a side story that surprisingly has nothing to do with Wesker whatsoever, but hey, it works. Huh. What else? Well, the graphics are better, there aren't any emblems to e collected anymore and instead of a classic merc mode you got the raid mode. Running through an obstacle course of enemies and trying to reach the end. Also, the raid mode now is the place where you unlock costumes for your characters in both campaign mode and raid mode.And last but not least: The horror's back! Well, at least a little. The game is dark, almost all of the time, the music in the background plays its role well, too. And some of the boss fights, especially the first real boss fight, gives you the feeling of ""Oh my GOD goawaygoawaygoaway"". Finally, some ray of hope for the series.But there are also some serious downsides to the game.The dodging mechanic is just horrendously complicated to execute. You dodge with either your space key (which is quick turn) or your W key (which is moving forward), making it nigh impossible to time your dodges correctly and you almost always end up getting hit. At other times, you just dodge at random without you even lifting a finger. Seriously, this is one screwed-up mechanic. I never actively tried to dodge because of that. Played through the game regardless.The cutscenes have gotten worse for some reason. And I dunno how they screwed this up. I mean... it worked well in RE 5, why doesn't it work well in RER, too?And then there's the setting. The usual RE game takes place in one country and you travel to various locations within their boundaries to kill the end boss. In RER, the game takes place on a ship. One. Single. Ship. Can you imagine just how boring that setting can get? The first few hours of the game involve a LOT of backtracking and if you don't have a lot of patience you end up quitting the game and say ""F*** it"".Luckily, the ship is a big♥♥♥♥♥luxury liner with a lot of different-looking parts, like a huge dining hall, engine rooms, a pool... but overall it's the same ship. Some missions involve you going aboard another ship! :D ...only to then find out it's an exact copy of the ship you saw before. No, seriously, it even says so in the story.Well, the setting isn't all THAT bad tbh. I mean, there's the different areas of the ship(s). And then there are some playable flashbacks or playable missions carried out by other characters that take place simultaneously which are in completely different areas. You will see a big ship, a beach, snowy mountains and a lot of infested crap.The enemies.Well, they are creative, I give 'em that. They are all sea-based so expect a lot of fishy things going on. As for classic zombies, you won't find any of them in this game. A lot of fish-human merged mutants comes your way instead. It's a nice thing but I was kinda weirded out the first couple of minutes.But I have to say the story of that game seems kinda insignificant to me. It doesn't involve Umbrella in any way, there are no zombies (so to speak) and there is no Albert Wesker. It just doesn't seem like a major event, although the threat you are combating and considering what's at stake (if we are thinking about the BSAA for a minute) is pretty serious. But somehow it doesn't really convey that urgency we know from other titles. Perhaps they shouldn't have put in the major character cast of Chris Redfield and Jill Valentine.Speaking of which, the amount of totally new characters is huge. So many new faces. Funny faces. By that I mean the game's got a lot of cheesy humour. I adore that, lightens up the experience and, if you switch on the Japanese voiceover, you'll feel like being in an anime. Also it was nice to see some fresh characters. I like the old ones, don't get me wrong, but something new is always a good idea. Well. Almost. *cough* Las Plagas *cough* (I didn't like the Las Plagas).Anyway...I gotta say: the game's pretty good! It's got some of its mojo back imo. And it has a lot of neat little features that make the game better than RE 4 & 5. If you liked RE 5, I recommend playing RER. It's a good game."
,Recommended,222480,28515238,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Zito,"Decent port of a portable game, awesome Resident Evil."
,Recommended,222480,10002080,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,???,Great game! :D
,Recommended,222480,20145663,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Raiden25,Played the demo and it got me hook on so good! that the next day I bought it xD.10/10 Jills♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222480,12141402,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Känguru! daddyskins.com,They finally managed to mix the new controls with the old atmosphe - i like
,Recommended,222480,18784094,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,SmashingEmeraldz,"I know as of when I wrote this review I only have 0.1 hours in the game but I have played through this game 2 times on my 3DS already and messed around with the HD port on Wii U at a friend's house a little bit.This is the only Resident Evil game I have played so I have nothing to compair it to.StoryI enjoyed the story it had a nice twist about half way through that really surprised me. The game being slip up into chapters seemed to fit really well which I usually hate when games do that. As far as character devlopment goes it never really explain who was who and kind of expected you to have played the other games.GameplayThe game play really felt like a pretty standard shooter, but I still enjoyed playing it. This game honestly wasn't all that scary though it was more in the gore of the monster you found then jump scares and stuff like that. The map was extremely confusing and not all that helpful leaving me to wander around quite a bit.Co-opI really enjoyed the co-op you basically play trough small parts of the story with a friend who controls the character that is usually controled by AI. However when playing on the 3DS and Wii U no one was ever online and I have heard from friends that it is hard to find people on PC as well. So if you can find a friend who also owns the game your in for a good time.SpecsProcessor: Intel i7 6700HQ Quad core @2.6GhzGraphics Card: Notebook GTX1060 with 6GB VRAMRAM: 16GB DDR4"
,Recommended,222480,10436328,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,AZNSENSATION,"It may be a port from a 3DS game, but it's a pretty damn good port. Buy it while it's on sale. The game is really good; the feeling and atmosphere is more similar to Dead Space than in previous RE games, and its good."
,Recommended,222480,19513527,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,★Lexasaurus-Lex★,"The best Resident Evil addition I've palyed in a while, with a good story, combat, and fimilar characters have made this game a generally fan favorite. However, the lack of CO-OP campaign as promised before release was a huge disappointment having your 2nd partner being simply and useless NPC that literally does no damage or anything beyond, just following you.Also with this game comes the fimilar Raid Mode, though fun for hours eventually you will reach max level. At this point the Raid Mode takes a terrible dive in the fact at max level there are only 2-3 maps worth playing for any kind of progrerssion upgrades. This leads to a boring grind fest, doing the same waves, of the same spawn, in the same rooms, over and over.Due to the new flavor the game as offered over Raccoon City and RE6 I'd give this game a 7/10 and is worth playing."
,Recommended,222480,26367027,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,King Vegeta,"For a game that was ported from the 3DS & was made after RE6 this game is surprisingly good.  Not great, but good.PROS-Solid Controls & Gameplay-Decent Survivor Horror Elements-Better Companion System-Metroidvania-like Exploration-Weapon Upgrades-Online Multiplayer Modes-Decent Graphics (IMO)CONS-Stale Level Design-Very bad analog controls-Scanning is kind of pointless-Too much Action Elements-Not enough Horror Elements-Takes itself too seriously-Stale Character Development-Companions are Still Pretty UselessSTORYThe Story revolves around a cruise ship being hijacked by zombies & a town that was destroyed in similar style of Racoon City.  You play Primarily as Jill & switch between other characters in flash back segments.  Most of the flash back segments revolve around Action & Fast Paced Shooting while the ship segments are more based on Survival Horror in the style of RE4.  While not as good as RE4 or previous renditions it still does a decent job at the scares every now and then.FEATURESThis game is a port of the handheld versions, so don't expect anything amazing.  It is an amazing game on the handheld, as I have been playing that version as well.  I do think that some things were lost when ported to the PC but that's mostly a small gripe.The game's graphics are alright.  Not amazing but they aren't terrible either.  It's sort of a combination of RE4 & RE5 style of graphics.  They don't mesh out well but it's not really displeasing to look at.  There are no super astounding shading or lighting effects, though.  I actually think some lighting effects were done better on the 3DS than in this PC port.  The FMV Cutscenes are really good looking though.  It makes me wish the whole game looked like that because they are so good looking.I haven't gotten too far into the game, I think.  I'm about halfway into the fourth chapter, but the one complaint I have is the enemy variation.  It's mostly the same enemy, reskinned with new attacks & flesh weaponry.  There's one with arm maces, one with arm blades, one with an arm crossbow, etc.  The first huge annoyance I've suffered with this game was the first real boss fight.  A big bullet sponge with instant kill attacks surrounded by tough enemies that keep respawning.  There is no real tension or fear in this fight, just blatant annoyance forcing you to place one or two shots then keep running & repeat.  It would have been a lot better if they just made the boss tougher & didn't have the annoying enemy respawns.  More annoying in this version though is the first Rifle that you find in the 3DS version before the boss fight seems to have been moved in this version, but the ammo is still there.  Why bother moving a gun if you're not gonna replace the ammo with ones I need?  That's just stupid.Then there's RAID mode!  It's basically a mode that allows online multiplayer against the zombies, but zombies are more varied in size & difficulty.  There are small quick ones, large lumbering slow ones, & of course, raid bosses.  This is basically what it sounds like.  A run & gun collectathon for items & equipment.  You have to play through the Main Campaign to unlock more levels of Raid Mode.   Raid Mode also has a solo mode but is much harder since it doesn't make enemies weaker.  It's balanced enough for both single & multiplayer, but you need proper leveled guns in order to complete a level.  Don't bother going into a level 7 mission with level 1 guns.  You will fail & run out of bullets prematurely due to lack of damage being dealt.You also have a scanner in the Campaign, which serves as a collectathon device.  You use it to find hidden items, ammo & hand prints.  You also need to scan enemies in order to recieve more healing items.  I don't know why they did it this way.  You also recieve less ""Scan Points"" if you scan the same enemy constantly or scan them after they die.  So, if you need healing items you need to scan them while they're alive to increase the point gain.It's kind of like Metroid Prime, except not as well done.  You don't get any enemy lore or hints on how to beat them easier when you scan.  It just serves as a heal item generator & invisible ammo finder.  Honestly, I think it was kind of a pointless addition.  I get it is supposed to be a ""Risk & Reward"" system for recieving healing items, but I'd much rather just have an extra herb or two put in a room with enemies than being forced to leave myself open to attack so I can scan them to get a healing item that I'm probably gonna have to use right away now because I was attacked while scanning them.You also get to upgrade weapons with mods.  Mods are also earned in raid mode & give a variety of bonuses such as increased fire rate, damage, & ammo capacity.  You find mods scattered throughout the levels hidden in safes or just in the scenery.  Keep an eye out for anything useful like this, especially ammo bags.  They increase the max amount you can carry.Another improvement is the Companion System.  No longer are you forced to babysit, but there's also a lack of a co-op through the Campaign mode & companions are still relatively useless.  They don't need ammo, they don't need healing, but they don't really serve a purpose.  They fire maybe one shot every few seconds, usually missing, & mobs don't bother attacking them.  So, the only reason the companions exist is for the story itself & maybe as an introduction to them for Raid mode.  Also, they tend to stand around in an area while you do all the work somewhere else.  It's a better system than RE5's terrible companion who if dies you fail the mission & basically forced you to play on easy or with online co-op, but it's still not a very good system in general.The level design leaves a bit to be desired.  You're on a huge cruise ship, but most of the time it feels like you're in a huge mansion.  The game allows you to explore it freely to an extent, as some areas are cut off until you get a specific key through the story progression but those keys often lead to extra rooms filled with goodies like ammo or upgrades.  And trust me, you need all the ammo you can get in this game because it is pretty scarce.  I found myself completely out of ammo after the first boss fight & had to run from enemies & knife them.  Good luck fighting some more annoying enemies without any ammo.Important NoteIt should also be noted, if you are planning on playing this with any type of controller that the game has some very poor analog controls.  Dead zones are too high & you can only aim in 8 directions.  KB/M recommended or x360ce with anti-deadzone up around 25%, but even then you still have the bad aiming issues.OVERALLI'd say this game is actually better than I thought it would be.  It's not great, not ground breaking in any way & doesn't do anything that other Resident Evil or other games haven't done already but it's not bad at all.  It does take itself too seriously at times.  There's no witty banter between characters & not really much dialog inbetween cutscenes or mission directive but it's still a decent game worthy of picking up on a good enough sale.  It's also worth picking up on the N3DS if you have one."
,Recommended,222480,25044354,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,me,"First playthrough: ~6 hoursIn my opinion one of the best Resident Evil 3rd Person Shooters (#3 after Revelations 2 and RE4), but because of the short story not worth 30€, unless you plan to play the game multiple times, which the game does encourage by rewarding playthroughs on high difficulties with things like additional weapons or weapon modifications.Raid Mode 'works', but if you want to play that primarily, I would recommend buying RE Revelations 2 instead, where the mode is much more fleshed out and nuanced.Story mode CANNOT be played in co-op, only raid mode. The ""Co-Op"" shoptag in the steam store does not necessarily mean that every mode can be played cooperatively.Please inform yourself properly before buying and ending up frustrated."
,Recommended,222480,8992061,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Seph,"Pretty cool game. Should please both fans of oldschool style RE, since it has a focus on survival horror in an enclosed enviroment, and people who love RE4 due to its improved gameplay."
,Recommended,222480,6818892,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Linkara,"A game created for Nintendo 3DS is better than Resident Evil 5 and 6 combined. Oh, the irony."
76561198106820384,Recommended,222480,10645007,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ZomB1988,"Resident Evil Revelations is a great game for fans of the series or just survival horror fans in general. The game is a perfect mix of new RE gameplay mechanics (third-person perspective, moving while aiming, and instant switch between items without having to enter the inventory menu) and classic RE structure (dark scary atmosphere, puzzles, and limited ammo and health items). The new scanner equipment allows the player to search areas for hidden items and rewards the player with health once 100% scanning requirement of enemies is met. This is a welcomed and smart addition to the series. The enemy designs are really great and creepy as well. They are reminescent of original RE designs and Silent Hill monsters.  Aside from some weak dialog and a couple of just downright terrible side characters, this game is fantasic and will hopefully set a standard for future Resudent Evil titles."
,Recommended,222480,34891155,Posted: 11 September,all,JimtheSFN,I only played through it as a campaign.I actually enjoyed the story in this game. The voiceacting was ok. Nothing special but not as bad as other games.The combat in the game is fine. No aim assistant or such. I played with mouse and keyboard.I had fun playing through it all.I recommend it for a fun time.
,Recommended,222480,14606549,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,InsidiousLoyalist,"This is one of those games where even the flaws are something you look over as being beauty marks. Raid mode makes it a game you can pick up and kill some time on any time you really want to, but because of raid mode you'll want to finish the story just to unlock more levels of raid mode. This is not to say the story is bad in any way, as many new characters such as Grinder and Jackass are interesting and funny characters that could easily be desearving of their own game. However Raid mode is a huge selling point. A good amount of the time you'll invest may be in finding your perfect gun, or the fastest route through a map or just trying to beat an old score. Normally grinding and leveling like that isn't for everyone but I feel like its something a lot of people would enjoy if they played it.Tied with RE4 For favorite Resident evil game."
,Recommended,222480,8424091,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Toxicubesz,One of the best RE. episode :)
,Recommended,222480,13889976,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,YourMumsMilkman,"This is a very good port work for a mobile game ( I even forgot I was playing a port!).  The graphics are still top notch.  Dialog is a bit cheesy at times just like any Resident Evil game.Not really as much survival horror as some of the other RE's in the past, but more so than RE5 and RE6 for sure.Had more fun in the overall story than what I did with RE6 I think.  Wasnt cursing at the screen because of the controls as much thats for sure.  I do remember going with ""RUN B!!!!!!!!iiiIIIII555HHHHHHH THAT BUZZSAW ZOMBIE VERSION OF WAYNE KNIGHT IS RIGHT BEHIND YOU!!!""RAID mode has much more ""fun"" than what I'll ever use.  It's kind of a level up, get more guns, fight harder enemies type of cycle that borderlands has.  Can be a bit hard if you go over your level too much though.  I would like to see more RAID mode type items in future, more action related entries of Resident Evil."
,Recommended,222480,29336793,Posted: 18 January,all,sweet joe,"Good game. It's unlike the ""shooter"" REs(4/5/6) because this one's actually scary and has puzzles akin to the classic REs but a lot simple and linear. The story and setting is average at best but it's nice to play as Chris and Jill again."
,Recommended,222480,7440554,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Bustin,"If you miss classic Resident Evil, this game is for you."
,Recommended,222480,13696427,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,BlockChain ~~,"Liked RE4 or RE5? You will also like this one. Even though as a horror 3rd person shooter unlike the early RE games, RE4 is at the top.It's less scarier and faster paced than RE4."
76561197993626713,Recommended,222480,12306824,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,NailDive,"It was so refreshing to be back in the Resident Evil universe after a long break since the failure that was Resident Evil 5, and Revelations has done a magnificent job of reviving my faith in the franchise. Let me first state that I am, indeed, one of those purists that thinks RE1 was the pinacle of the franchise, and that the decision to move away from fixed camera angles really took something of the dread away from every corner and corridoor you couldn't quite see the end of. With that out of the way and taken as a given, Revelations is a good action game. Good, not great, good.Let's get the bad stuff out of the way shall we? As an action game, the controls don't really cut it in comparison to other fast-paced action titles. Strafing is a little too slow, particularly for those of us who are used to using strafe to get around corners, and made me feel like I was driving a fire engine rather than an athlete in a cat suit. The bindings are an improvement on previous games, but I still found myself modifying them to match ""the norm"". There was a distinct lack of hoard activity, which is something I discovered while playing Revelations, that I have come to take for granted since RE2, and was a little confused in the end as to why they were not implemented. What they have done to Hunters also made me shed a tear, and I can only assume it was in order to make dodging have a reason to be included.On to the good stuff! By an absolute country mile, the best thing about Revelations is the story, as you would expect from a long-running franchise. The plot twists and cut scenes were great, and were just as much part of the game as the gameplay itself. Playing as other characters to fill out the story didn't feel like a chore as it does in a lot of games, and I think the key to that is taking the RPG element out of it, and rather focussing on gun modification instead. Kitting said characters out in a somewhat OP fashion always helps though. I thought the inclusion of the ""Last time on..."" cut scenes after loading a save (and the ability to make them go away too - I'm looking at you AMC) was a great inclusion, especially if I hadn't played for a couple of days. Pretty much the only saving grace for Revelations, as an action game, were the boss fights. If anything, I wish there had have been more of them and against different BOW's, but the variation in what was there in terms of enemies was good.I bought Revelations on sale, and having played it, I probably wouldn't pay the $40 or whatever they are asking for it at the moment, but for anything under $15 it's great value. There's an arena-style multiplayer element to it as well, but after playing Dead Island I'd had my fill of that, so didn't explore it too much. I'm keen to see how Capcom plans to put this series back in the Survival Horror genre, and really aplaud them on splitting Revelations from the other Resident Evil mainstream titles (which they plan to keep as action games), in order to give fans like me what they have been asking for repeatedly after Resident Evil: Nemesis."
76561198148313257,Recommended,222480,34603612,Posted: 30 August,all,ctwoodyhussar,"Plain and simple it's a good game. Who ever said spin offs don't work never played Resident Evil spin offs. Angry Joe said this was a good game, and to my surprise it was. In a time when every body wants to inject all my favorite franchises, and genres, with drama and ramantic comedy, this game delivers the good old story based experience, with good level design, and intersting content in general. If Resident Evil 7 left a bad taste in your mouth, or not, I highly recommend you try this. Oh and, apparently, there will be a remake of Resedent Evil 2 released 2018. Can't wait."
,Recommended,222480,7324074,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Resmah,This is a fantastic survival horror game and a perfect compromise between the old and new Resident Evil styles. I can't recommend it enough to anyone who enjoys survival horror.
76561198354046082,Recommended,222480,33346589,Posted: 7 July,all,M32SP00KY4Y0UM8,I love this game can be a bit boring sometimes but still fun tho
76561198081927676,Recommended,222480,25190899,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Night Stocker,very fun game!!
76561198070796207,Recommended,222480,10726767,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,JCDD,"Found you, RE Revelations!"
,Recommended,222480,14160559,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Wen,"A fun action game with a few horror moments. Still more than RE5 and 6 combined.I ended up really liking the plot as it has twists and you never truly know what's happening until late in the game.Parker is one of my new favourite RE characters as he is realistic, not overly cheesy like most characters.Still gotta love that classic RE cheesiness though.7.5/10"
,Recommended,222480,2643517,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,q3.railgun,"This biohazard is more of a throwback to the first game. One main location that it takes place in with some minor cuts into other scenes to add to the main plot. Nicely done Capcom, too bad this was only released for 3DS and pc.The mouse controls are amazing, no longer does it feel sluggish and clunky like it did in the previous PC Biohazard releases. The issues that people have with stuttering on the doors is due to the game loading the area map, all you're doing is waiting in a room anyway; I'd rather have it stutter there loading rather than have the game stuttering w/ texture popins as I'm walking around a corner.The story for the game takes place between Bio 4 and Bio 5, it depects how the BSAA was formed and introduces a lot of new characters to the Biohazard mix."
,Recommended,222480,25734920,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Dancing Hotdog,Loved it! Felt like effort went in to the port.
,Recommended,222480,14120993,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,WolfintheFold,"For everyone disappointed by Resident Evil 5 and 6, Resident Evil Revelations delivers the update Resident Evil experience that 5 and 6 wanted to be. A fine entry into the series, especially if you were a fan of Resident Evil 4. Though not as skin crawlingly creepy as say RE2 or Code Veronica, it will having jumping at shadows for at least a couple of days."
76561197960281570,Recommended,222480,20401711,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Combat Gorge,"Well I really want to say this game is great, I like the monster designs, the game has extremely intense, creepy and difficult moments. But lord does this game drag out the story, It's like at some point the developers were punishing the consumer for buying the game by keeping the story running past the point of interest.Raid mode, is well raid mode, not a bad experience and is enjoyable, which of course is made better when playing with a friend.The game controls are awkward and stiff and what you would expect in a Resident Evil game (I came from Resident Evil 6 to this so I was a bit disappointed in character movement).However, in comparison to many other AAA titles with an extremely large price tag (that never drops) and questionable season pass you do get what you pay for in Resident Evil Revelations."
,Recommended,222480,12110753,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,HEV Elite,Gameplay: 8/10Sounds: 6/10Multiplayer: 7/10Graphics: 6/10Additional Comments:+ Long singleplayer+ Addicting grind raid mode+ Weapon selection and parts+ Amusing dialog- Poor weapon sounds- Occasional bad voice acting- Endless backtracking- Confusing plot7/10
76561198000062853,Recommended,222480,12712934,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,badgamer54,Great fun!  Worked well playing on pc with mouse and keyboard! Rock On!
,Recommended,222480,7116263,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,微笑是最好看的东西,GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197977819693,Recommended,222480,16743677,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Ed Rooney,"Resident Evil Revelations (from here forward known as Resilations) is a pretty solid Resident Evil game, not amazing or revolutionary, but it's enough to get your survival horror mojo going if you're a fan of the series. If you've never played a Resident Evil I recommend the HD remake of the original to Resilations.As a Resident Evil game it fits somewhere in between Code Veronica and RE4 in terms of the horror/action/hilariously convoluted storytelling ratio. It does a good job of making itself feel like it's more challenging and is putting you in more danger than it really is and the Queen Zenobia is a pretty good location to set the game in. The early moments where the game lets the atmospheric groan of the empty ship surround you as the screen shifts every so slightly to the rhythm of the ocean are the most unnerving parts of the game. Eventually it becomes obvious that ammo and health is pretty plentiful and you're feel too well equipped by the end of the game for it to be scary or even more than a little tense.It's pretty obvious that this is a port from the 3DS. While very impressive on that piece of hardware even an HD facelife doesn't keep it from looking dated, even the cutscenes have a stange grainy/poorly compressed look to them. It's also still apparent that it was meant to be played in small chunks. The game is split into little episodes that usually run roughly 45 minutes and end on a big cliff hanger (which usually resolves in the silliest way possible) it was obviously designed around playing on a commute or lunch hour. It even plays a little ""last time on Resilations"" recap before each episode like it's assuming you're not going to play the game for long periods. Playing it sporadically probably helped hide some of the games issues with backtracking. At one point you escape a flooded area and the the next episode you just dive back in and swim though it all over again.The best parts of the game revolve around Jill Valentine investigating the Queen Zenobia, but you're constantly being pulled from that storyline the plotlines of other characters and when you're back to Jill you end up backtracking a decent amount meaning that, in an already short game, you just don't get enough of the best parts. Tht being said Resilations is overall a solid games and is still a good game even when you're not in the Jill Valentine segments. The RE4 style mechanincs for fighting are fun even if Resilations doesn't have that game's excellent level design to play around with it in. Raid mode adds some life to the short campaign although your milage may vary with it."
,Recommended,222480,17718696,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"Revelations, originally released for 3DS, holds up great on PC. It's a return to form after RE6, much more survival horror than action. Jill is awesome"
,Recommended,222480,33124511,Posted: 2 July,all,BloodNDeception,It's pretty fun for what it is.
76561197992764918,Recommended,222480,34768143,Posted: 5 September,all,Rickityr3kt,"Nice little comeback for the RE franchise after the ♥♥♥♥♥how of RE6. Genuine new mechanics like the dodge and scanner introduced here take the game to the next level. Port wise it runs great, the textures and shadows do leave a bit to be desired but that's nitpicking considering this was originally a 3DS title."
,Recommended,222480,25925324,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,EmZiom,"Mostly hilarious, sometimes spooky (not scary at all), some butts and boobs included.Story is stupid, ending can be predicted 3 hours before seeing it. And it's also crappy ending.Theme music is really good.Buy on sale/10"
,Recommended,222480,13155524,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Royal Thai Marine Crops,I think it's good gameWho can play game with me (ผมหาเพื่อนเล่ยอยู่ไม่ค่อยมีคนเล่นด้วย)Please add me (addมาหาผมด้วยนะ)
,Recommended,222480,26079903,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Ricky,"Very good RE game! Amaazing graphics, great gameplay, and exploring the ship is awesome! Don't worry about what the haters say about ""Oh, it's a port and it sucks!"".. No, it DOESN'T!If you've played past RE games you're going to like this one. It's got a good mix of horror with action. It's perfet really."
76561198044399985,Recommended,222480,12643955,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Overwatch D.VA,Good game get it.
76561198146300695,Recommended,222480,30710802,Posted: 24 March,all,manos2308 | pvpro.com,"A very good and solid RE game, which will love most of the old school RE fans, like meFor the record, i have played almost every RE game and this is one of the best.Very good Story.Nice Concept and artNice graphics (a litle outdated but nice)Greate camera views ;)I think that watching Jill Valentine moving from behind, is an extra good reason to buy this game."
,Recommended,222480,12621550,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,SPRITE,Have fun going to eliminate enemies one by one
,Recommended,222480,14709639,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,[Amadeuss],10/10Dat♥♥♥♥
76561198028080243,Recommended,222480,27391638,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MyGiant,"pros+ Great horror atmoshpere! Something that had been lost to the series since RE4, IMHO.+ Action-packed gameplay.+ A pretty decent storyline with legitimately exciting and thrilling scenes.+ Interesting weapon customization system.+  Raid mode is quite fun. And New Game+ also adds a lot of replay value, IMHO.+ Jill is really sexy. ^^neutral> It's considerably harder to stun enemies compared to other RE4, 5 and 6. It adds to the challenge and makes the game scarier, but at the same time, it reduces one of the most fun aspects of modern RE games.cons- No campaign multiplayer. :(- Enemy design is somewhat uninspired and repetitive. Only bosses look somewhat creative.CONCLUSION:Resident Evil Revelations is my favorite game of the franchise. No other installment mixed so well the horror atmosphere of the classic games with the action-based gameplay ofthe newer ones. Overall, a great experience, and a must-have for all fans of the series, in my humble opinion."
,Recommended,222480,23099426,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rktr,"The days of the old gritty mysterious Resident Evil are over and I will miss them...BUT as much as I do, I thinkthe franchise took a step forward in the right direction with Revelations at least for the meantime. Storytelling is episodic and gameplay is what you would expect from any other resident evil game with a twist of action, you get to play as many different characters on many different missions folding into eachother to tell this decent and very interesting Resident Evil story.Theres even a ""Raid Mode"" that you can unlock by playing the entire 8 to 10 hour campaign. Raid Mode will have you run through familiar terrain killing water zombies with large health bars for rank, bonuses, enemy spoils, BP and EXP. You can play with a friend or test yourself. I would say this is the equivelant of Zombies in COD.I give this game a 7/10 for its decent story and familiar gameplay with the addition of Raid Mode and New Game+. Hopefully in the very near future the franchise will start making newer Resident Evils with the originals in complete thought."
76561198039033015,Recommended,222480,23969386,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,jarblewc,Loved this game. Classic RE game with a slightly more closed environment from RE5 or RE6. MP is not a strong suit here as the servers are all but deserted at the time of the writing.
76561198030980450,Recommended,222480,30739578,Posted: 25 March,all,Tallestdavid,very cool. kinda loow wuality but the gameplay and stuff is cool. needs more customes!The game is very nostagic to the old stuff. music has feels to it. and its not all action movie style like the movies. i really enyoy the game.I prefer this style and third person like this then the newer 7 one. i dislike first person. i cant see the booty and around me.... :/ i wonder why i got dislikes on this review. i said nothing wrong but my opions haha HUMANS.
,Recommended,222480,12861030,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Coconut Crab,For the sake of Jill...
76561197994591810,Not Recommended,222480,11202679,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,The Fallen,"It just baffles me how anybody can give this game a positive review. This game is a mess. It is one of the worst games I have ever played. Why? Because it just ♥♥♥♥♥ on everything the predecessors have done.Remember the sense of near death which was omnipresent in the last RE games? ♥♥♥♥ that we will just give you tons of healing stuff n♥♥♥♥♥♥ Low on ammo? ♥♥♥♥ that too - almost unlimited ammo. Searching for ammo and herbs in cabinets or boxes? Too illogical! Let's give you a scanner so you can search for ammo in SOLID METAL WALLS and freakin terminals. Money? Nope don't need that♥♥♥♥♥♥ Zombies? HELL NO, THIS IS NO DAMN ZOMBIE GAME!  Big Areas in which you can get surrounded? naha narrow hallways (enemies almost always spawn in front of you) all up in that ♥♥♥♥♥♥. [...]I can't even describe how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I am that i even bought this piece of crap. I got it while it was on sale and still feel bamboozled. On top of all that they put a damn weak storyline, insanely bad dialogues (even the voice actors seem bored), plastic weapons (sometimes your bullets seem to just do nothing - kinda reminds me of an MMO where all enemies just got health bars), very badly written characters, bad pacing, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AWFUL QTE's (move mouse from left to right 10 times. YAY!), a broken dodge system (that works at a 100% success rate with a controller but sometimes is pure luck with the keybord [freaking button to dodge is ""W""!]),.... this list goes on forever.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!2/10 (for sometimes nice visual design and nice♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,222480,9286538,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Predaboys,"Ok, so RE6 -> big deception! The deception I feared before the game was released and more than confirmed once I played it.So I was like, ok man, what can be worst...?In fact I was actually surprised. I did like it very much! RE Revelations was actually pretty fun to play! Sure it is not a great game, but it's fairly good! Well I mean only when you play as Jill on the boat. The rest is crappy, useless. But honestly, for you old RE fans, it is a nice experience. Don't expect to be as good as the old ones, with charismatic characters and appealing plot. But the game has some nice features and interesting mecanics that I invite you to give them a shot. In solo, it's way better than RE5 and RE6 combined (I know, the challenge wasn't hard to overcome). If you guys have played Cold Fear, from Darkworks, you may enjoy this game as well."
76561198025740262,Recommended,222480,10986034,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,vector2222222222222,if you like resident evil games you will love it
76561198001619900,Recommended,222480,18658662,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Overlord,"Very good! Just outstanding! I got pretty tired in RE4 and 5 to that actionshooting all around. I hoped they'd have had a little more original RE feeling but no, it didn't work out for me. Played them through but I wasn't so convinced about their new style.This game on the other hand is pure RE to me. Feeling is so close to the original trilogy that it makes you shiver when you hear steps around the next corner or something breathing behind a door. There is so many same elements present as in originals.Cant' really say anything bad about it, reeeeeal good!"
76561198076562246,Recommended,222480,6830554,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,William Hudson,Стоит потраченных денег! :)
76561197989607632,Recommended,222480,7429439,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Grimthwacker,"It might be the best RE game we'll see for a while, so you might as well get it.  If you missed it on 3DS, it works great here."
,Recommended,222480,15482870,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,3RDplayer,"Now that I unlocked all achievements I can finally put the game aside and never play it again in the near future. The only reason might be to S rank the remaining campaign chapters I haven’t done yet or to unlock even more achievments in the free online portal found onresidentevil.net. So here we begin this in two sections separated review. First we sink into the campaign mode before we head on to the action packed Raid Mode.CampaignPeople will tell you that Revelations was the first step of Capcom to bring the series back to its survival horror roots but I can’t completely agree with that. The campaign is split into 12 chapters. The majority of chapters take place on a cruise ship while others are more of the typical action shooter the series is known for today with various changing locations and time periods. The cruise ship chapters feature narrow corridors, somewhat creepy atmosphere and are surprising the best chapters of the game while the action oriented chapters are mediocre at best compared to other action shooter games out there.The storyline is one gigantic puzzle jumping back & forth between events and can be very confusing the first time around. But it’s not as convoluted as they say. It’s easy to differentiate who are the bad guys & good guys in this soap opera. To put the pieces together can be a very entertaining & is a motivator to continue playing until the end.You run around mostly solo and if a partner is on your toes then it’s only an AI controlled partner. Unlike other entries the AI partner in Revelations doesn’t need to be instructed because he/she is basically invincible, got infinite ammo and shoots or doges when the need to shoot or dodge is required. The player is the true source of power in the roughly 11hour campaign here. He/she is is the one to deal the damage & the one that needs to heal himself.Gameplay mechanics are very simple. This is after all a 3DS game ported & remastered for PC. Healing, throwing grenades, using the knife are bound to only a button and can be executed quick without much time of preparation which is a good thing compared to the clunky, overloaded mechanics used in other entries of the series. The only game mechanic that is poorly implemented is the Dodging-System. You basically have to push the action button & the analog stick short before an enemy hits you. But this button is bound to other actions like opening doors, shooting with the gun & picking up items and doesn’t work most of the time and requires lots of practice to be used to its fully extend.Raid ModeFirst introduced in Revelations 1 is the so called Raid Mode. This mode spawns three difficulties with 20 stages that must be unlocked as you play along. Raid is basically an Arcade Shooter in which you will be throw in all the locations of campaign mode and to solve tasks like killing all enemies or reaching the goal. Enemy spawns are fixed so they can be learned easily. You either play it alone or you invite one of your Steam Friends or search for strangers to play it in Co-Op.After each stage you will be rated on accuracy, enemies routed & damage taken and earns you XP that level up your characters. Perfect players will be awarded with bonuses for no damage taken, elimination of all enemies and completing a stage at the recommended level. This results in higher currency which then can be used to buy new weapons and weapon upgrades in the in game shop.Leveling up will raise the level of all characters. Characters are mere avatars with different skill sets. Some are good with SMGs, while others are better in using Shotguns, to take less damage or to dodge easier.The only negative I have to write about Raid Mode is the lack of stages & the sheer amount of time investment to reach a new player level. Leveling up is so freaking slow that you replay some stages 10 or more times before you are able to survive in the next. Playing stages below recommented level & with an online partner is the key for faster level up, but it is a tedious process that gets you bored very quickly.ConclusionRevelations 1 is a fun little action shooter with horror elements that got so much to offer that you will be entertained for hours. Fans of the series should buy it without giving it a second thought. Achievement Hunters as well as casual gamers should think twice before they hit the purchase button, unless they are willing to spend time on the good but not perfect Raid Mode."
76561198004686603,Recommended,222480,16017480,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Naaxelder Vane Senoj,"Resident Evil Revelations is a worthy RE title in my humble opinion.  While it retains the over the shoulder view of more modern titles it does return a bit more to his horror survival roots (at least the early - middle portion), has a strong leading duo (Jill & Parker), mostly interesting boss battles and a return to the back & forth through levels like the originals.  To bullet point itPros- Strong Leading Duo (In my opinion) as well as Chris.- Nice horror/survival vibe for the main duo (Jill & Parker)- Combat while not as good as more modern titles is still solid if not spetacular- Interesting & flexible weapon upgrade system- Variety of weapons to play around with- Replay value via Raid Mode- Jill Valentine- Switches between different characters, while some are stronger than others, it does serve to introduce a welcome change of pace from the main Jill & Parker portions.- Campaign is of a good length at 12 episodes.Cons- The rest of the cast, especially Jessica- Yes, Jessica is really wearing that ""wetsuit"", it is not a GFX glitch like I originally suspected- GFX are decent for the most part but no where near that of the main titles.  For example, lower quality and no dmg displays of mobs.  Not a massive negative and doesn't impact the game but worth mentioning- Plot is not very original and in some parts kinda dumb but tbh the recent RE plots are not that great anyways so make of this what you will.Overall a solid title that I think fans of RE and of survival/horror/action would enjoy but don't expect AAA quality here in terms of production, gfx & sound but the gameplay is solid if unspectacular.Subjective Score: 8/10 (Something about this just resonated + a return of Jill in a leading role)Objective Score: 7/10"
,Recommended,222480,7893616,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Islandshadows88,"I enjoyed revelations better than resident evil 6, I don't why but I think it was the setting of this game that makes it better than RE 6, this game takes place aboard a abandoned cruise ship, which is similar to the RE mansion of the very first game, confined areas with zombies is resident evil's best friend."
76561198178562893,Recommended,222480,28523918,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Burned Toast,"Personally the resident evil games 4,5,6, revelations, were all great games. this one specifically, has agreat story if you are into the story line. Amazing graphics and detail. and so much more to offer. but one of the downs of it is the fact that i cant find anyone to play raid mode with it seems to have no more players"
76561197970740132,Recommended,222480,8372146,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Aud,"Not bad. It's not as scary as dead space or resident evil 2 but it makes up for it with great gameplay mechanics. It's an incredibly well done console port - both movement and mouse aiming are tight and responsive.My only complaints are that the coop mode isn't fully integrated (no campaign coop mode), it's a separate arcade style series of missions. Disappointing because you have an AI partner with you for a large portion of the campaign, woulndn't have been difficult to implement. I don't care much for the approach capcom took in trying to develop the story with this game. It basically creates a bunch of 'episode' segments, the majority of them you play as Jill but some of them toss you into alternate character side missions that really don't contribute much to the game.Also, the game is a little too easy. Even playing on infernal mode with a brand new game I didn't have to worry about ammo management after 2 or 3 chapters (Although the first chapter is pretty tricky). If you have good aim this won't be terribly challenging for you.TL;DR  - Pros: Great gameplay and controls; Jill has a nice♥♥♥♥♥             Cons: No campaign coop mode; Too many side character missions; Kinda easy on max difficulty"
76561198060979916,Recommended,222480,11599199,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Senoinya Aumeriyal'e,"Before I get on with this review, I'd like to ask you, dear reader, to bear in mind that at the time I am typing this, my right hand's index finger is slightly injured, so typos may or may not occur. I will fix them later, if I make any.Now, on with the review! Keep in mind that the review is fairly long, so if you just want something quick, scroll down to the bottom for the summary!So, I purchased this game for many reasons. First, I had played the demo on my 3DS long before buying this. Second, I had a number of friends who were fans of the franchise, and had good things to say about Revelations. On top of that, I've never played a Resident Evil game before, so the thought of a new experience interested me. Having seen this game on sale, I gave it a go.My first realization was that the full PC version of this game is significantly different than the demo provided for the 3DS version. Now, obviously, there will be some minor differences here or there, but even the level design and arrangement was notably different, such as a certain elevator not being where it was before. Not a problem at all, I actually liked this to an extent, since it meant that this part of the game wasn't going to be exactly like what I'd already seen in the demo.Some people have mentioned issues with mouse controls. Personally, I did not encounter this issue. I found aiming to be pretty easy, and got 90% - 100% accuracy on most levels, even with my injured finger that I mentioned earlier. That's not to say that youwon'tencounter this problem, but merely that it's not a guarantee that youwill. Even if you do, a few adjustments to the settings should fix that for you.But who really cares about why I got this game, or my rambling about mouse control issues I didn't have? You're a potential buyer, you want to know about the gameplay, right? Well then, lets get onto the gameplay.The most important thing in any game that involves shooting, and enemies, is how well you can move around. In this game, there is no key to sprint, despite the fact that it could really help in some cases. Another thing to consider, is that your ""running"" (which is general movement, by the way) is not very fast either. Now, this isn't really a huge problem for combat, since most of your enemies don't move very quickly anyway, but the ship is quite large. So, should you decide to go about exploring various extra areas as they become available to you, keep in mind that you're going to be spendingquitea bit of time getting from one area of the ship, to the next.As far as movement when in combat is concerned, your walking won't doom you if an enemy happens to get too close. You DO have the ability to dodge an attack. The tricky part, is that both of the keys for dodging are keys for movement. Tapping W (forward) will make you dodge, as will pressing Space (turn around). There is no key specifically assigned to dodging, nor can you change this through the options. It's also not always the most reliable dodge system, as sometimes you canthinkit's timed correctly, and you still won't dodge.If you despise quick-time events, I suggest you get good at not getting hit fairly quickly. Most enemies will not just hit you and deal damage most of the time. Instead, they will grab you, and deal an attack while hanging onto you, which you can escape with a quick-time event of shaking the mouse (which you will also be doing for turning valves). On the bright side, notallenemies are capable of causing said quick-time events. From what I've seen, only two enemies are capable of it, not including the bosses.But fear not! For most of the game, you will have an ally to run alongside you and fight! Except for one tiny problem - these allies might as well not even be there. Sure, you'll see them fire rounds at enemies, but they won't actually deal any damage, and they can't die either! Not even with firing a shotgun into an enemy's face two or three times, can your NPC ally achieve a kill, despite the fact that you can kill this same exact enemy with a single shot from nearly any of your pistols. So whatdoesyour ever-so vigilant ally do for you? Aside from providing you with dialogue at key moments, and delaying elevators by taking a few extra moments to get inside, he or she won't do anything else!One thing I found enjoyable about this game, was the customization kits. These nifty little (usually) hidden items allow you to apply various bonuses to your guns. They're not bound either, so you're free to try out various combinations of them until you find the one you like most. Customizing a weapon, however, means going to one of the storage crates scattered across the ship. So, be sure to plan ahead!Speaking of the storage crates, they're also where all your weapons are held. You can carry up to three weapons with you at any given moment. All your other projectile-launching toys are stored conveniently in the little box. Get tired of a weapon, or just want to see if your new customization kit makes a weapon you found earlier become an awesome killing machine? You can feel free to do that in this game.The game also offers a pretty good number of weapons to use. Weapons come under the following categories: Assault Rifle, SMG, Sniper Rifle, Shotgun, Pistol, and Magnum. Each of these weapon types have a much bigger effect than in your average shooter game, as they fit into various different playstyles. It's worth experimenting to figure out which ones you like best. Also, while a good number of these weapons are found by exploring, there's also a lot of them that are unlocked by completing certain achievements, or difficulties, so there's actually a slightly greater reward for all the achievement hunters out there, aside from just a fancy image on your profile!Aside from the campaign, we also have Raid mode. However, I have not yet tried Raid mode. I have, however, started my second playthrough of the campaign. Once I've tried Raid mode, I'll update this review to talk about it, as well.But another question that may be on your mind: How does this game compare to other games commonly found in its genre?As a horror game, Resident Evil: Revelations is actually pretty tame. I found nothing even remotely scary to be found here, unless you find dark rooms, random little noises in the distance, or slow-moving mutants to be horrifying. There's no jump scares, or ""chills"" moments, so if you're looking for just something with the general dark theme a horror game has, without all the horror flare, this game will be great for you!As a zombie survival shooter, Revelations offers most of what you'd expect. Mutants to kill, guns, ammo scattered about, health items, etc. Not much that you wouldn't expect to be there, really.And now for a question that's most likely on a few people's minds: Is the PC version worth it over the 3DS version (I can't speak for Xbox 360, or PS3)? Yes! Most definitely! After beating the game, I can honestly say there are areas where I'd have been frustrated, due to the controls on the 3DS being not very efficient for this type of game.Now, for the summary of my review:Gameplay: 7/10, good gameplay, but fairly basic.Story: 6/10, had me interested, but isn't anything mindblowing.Soundtrack: 9/10, the game has a very good soundtrack, especially in some of the later levels.Replayability: 7/10, New Game+ with all your equipment from the last save being available from the beginning, plus extra unlocks, makes it worth giving a second playthrough.Graphics: 8/10, Seen better, but definitely seen far worse.Overall: 8/10, good game, definitely worth buying, especially when on sale!"
76561198050362066,Recommended,222480,10411167,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,CousinVinny87,Keeps the awesome coop of RE5 but has more of the survival horror feel of the earlier titles.  Still action horror but it was nice to be genuinely scared in a Resident Evil game again.
,Recommended,222480,7534768,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Misya.A.Lyune,初代バイオハザードの雰囲気のままシステムをデッドスペース風にしたもの。普通に面白かった。
,Recommended,222480,18190984,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Deroink,"Where's my action Resident Evil, this is just some actual Resident Evil game,"
,Recommended,222480,32660122,Posted: 22 June,all,(A) Greenchico,"I usually don't write reviews but basically its a good entry to the RESIDENT EVIL franchise. Complicated series storyline, this story is self contained for the most part in my opinion.PROS:Jill's♥♥♥♥♥Parker's♥♥♥♥♥Guy with Red Hairand discount Kurt RussellPretty okay storyCONS:Graphics are potato because portCamera can be wonky because Resident EvilSome enemies are frustrating"
,Recommended,222480,20548930,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,2Joe,This is what RE5 should have been.
,Recommended,222480,25718959,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,badolescent,Classic close-quarters Survival Horror elements with solid modern third-person shooter controls - exactly what this series needed......but instead we got Resident Evil 6... go figure...
76561197967394387,Recommended,222480,25731479,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,vantec6040,"If your a fan of the Resident Evil series, this is an awesome addition. I bought it on sale and for the price I paid I have absolutely no complaints. Game ran at 60 FPS throughout (except during loading sequences). Controls are fluid and responsive. Story is really engaging and varied, if not slightly unoriginal (its a RE game though, what would you expect?).Overall I had a blast playing this and would highly recommend, especially if you can snag it during a sale."
76561197993402955,Recommended,222480,9114830,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bring back Psychic Force,worse than RE4 but better than RE6 but not like RE5.
76561198021579921,Recommended,222480,19208381,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,CyberPowerSys,Only wished the campaign was co-op.
,Recommended,222480,29770001,Posted: 7 February,all,zsec,"This wasn't my favorite Resident Evil but it had a interesting story. I haven't done any research to see how or what game this ties into, but I feel it was worth the play. The graphics were okay considering this is a port. Some times the movement was a little off on the cameras. The actual game play was fun and scary at times, and kept me wanting to move forward. I'm not interested in raid mode so this ends my review. I give this game a 8 out of 10 for ""scary action"". Of course I bought it on sale and recommend you pick it up when you can."
,Recommended,222480,12472558,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Prophet Jacob™,Good game compared to other Resident Evil
76561198351413265,Recommended,222480,30755429,Posted: 26 March,all,SiLenT,nice
,Recommended,222480,7610436,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,The™ Baron,"For a so-called survival horror game, the horror was extremely lacking. With that said, the gameplay itself is very tense and satisfying, at least to someone unfamiliar with survival horror games.The story and the writing are pretty awful, though."
,Recommended,222480,33178423,Posted: 3 July,all,fatsui,Not bad :P but too much back tracking Q__Q
,Recommended,222480,33732612,Posted: 22 July,all,Suprise Butt Secks,"This game was advertised as a survival horror game. When first played, it certainly is scary and very emersive. Playing it again kinda takes the ""scary"" away and replaces it with creepy or even disturbing. Don't get me wrong, it's quite a fantastic game, but i think the writers got confused while writing the script, so if you aren't paying attention, you'll be pretty confused.Plus some of the dialogue is hilarious,  like when Jill holds up a gun and is like: ""hm, i think its a gun..."" Oh yes and you have your obligatory sexy character, except she's a ""zombie"" (actually more a mutant cuz she didn't actually die but ya know)...Raid mode is fun, though good luck trying to level up solo, because it's impossible to do it without any help. (unless you're willing to die 50 times )Overall: 8/10 really good game, with a couple nit picks here and there"
76561197978131107,Recommended,222480,7659021,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Superbeef,"Do you find yourself wishing for more out of life? Do women grimace and look the other way when you enter the room? Do you suffer from erectile dysfunction (a.k.a. broken♥♥♥♥♥♥♥disease), sweaty palms, and obesity?  Has life lost its luster?  Well dry those tears my dears and let your heart know happiness! The ""Revelations"" come on hard and fast in this wicked space blaster port direct from the 3DS that is sure to keep you on the edge of your seat THE ENTIRE TIME or your money back!!"
,Recommended,222480,35013184,Posted: 16 September,all,Mr. Matt,"This review should be short and sweet. It's essentially Resident Evil 4 gameplay on a ship and in a few other locations in flashbacks. The game is entertaining, though I thought RE4 and 5 were better. This game isn't anything particularly special, but if you enjoy the Resident Evil 4 style of gameplay, this game is a no-brainer purchase. If you haven't played Resident Evil 4, get that right now if you like action and creepiness."
76561198080202814,Recommended,222480,12446785,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jill Valentine,"This game is awesome. Stuck on a ship (great claustrophobic environment checked) after being misled, Jill Valentine and her partner Parker has to survive the horror that awaits them, and uncover a greater conspiracy.The story is great with everyone's favourite Jill Valentine returning as the lead cast, comedic moments with the other supporting BSAA members, and a twist in the story. However, it is pretty straight forward, and gets boring by my 3rd play through, more notes could be left around to explain the backgrounds and motivations of the other characters.Gameplay is not much different from Resident Evil 5 and 6, with the 3rd person shooting angles. However, no more confusing inventory system! Instead your weapons and upgrades will be stored in the classic storage box, and you can only take 3 weapons at a time. Key items does not take up inventory space, so there is no 'inventory puzzles' to solve.The previous 2 Resident Evil games brough more action than horror to the storyline, which is expected as Chris and Leon are now part of anti-bioterriorism forces (who still expects them to be afraid of zombies?). However, the slower pace of RE: Revelations. limited ammo, narrow pathways filled with 'zombies' blocking your exit, and a 'stalker' type monster that refuse to die, managed to create the perfect creepy environment on board a ship. At times Jill will have to wander off alone and makes you wonder why her partner is such a wuss despite being a big man (not that he's of much use anyways). Decisions have to be made over fight or flight, especially on your first play through on normal or insane mode, although for those gamers who have to kill everything, the genesis scanner will help to uncover additional bullets. Do note that flash back and side missions which helps explain the story are more action oriented. Overall, i find the game having a good balance of horror and action done through great graphics, environmental sounds, back ground music, and dialogues. Afterall, as our favourite characters matures and become adapt at handling such situations, it is impossible for Resident Evil to have a pure horror storyline that makes logical sense.Lastly, there is the raid mode which can be insanely difficult especially if you're an achievement hunter. This mode allows you to play RE: Revelations like a classic arcade shooter with weapons, trophies and high score to collect, and add on countless hours of fun for those up to the challenge.In conclusion, RE: Revelations is worth spending time on. However, the steam sales ranging from 50-75% would be worth waiting for as the full retail price of S$62 is slightly costly. Whether you are a Resident Evil fan or not this game will surely not disappoint."
76561198075636753,Recommended,222480,32971996,Posted: 28 June,all,୧( ಠ Д ಠ )୨,Such a great game! I love Resident Evil!
76561198006432208,Not Recommended,222480,12170386,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Abdelhazred,"Well it was fun. Right up until the underwater missions. Checkpoint system combined with the cliched timed underwater escape with no way to fight back is a real failure, in any game. Survival horror should be about monsters (human or not), not choosing between boredom and suffocation. Not to say that its difficult, just time consuming. And any time a game producer chooses to throw me in a maze with no scenery and no monsters for an hour, I'm done with them and their product."
,Recommended,222480,28454678,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dead End Kyo,"Pros:Jill in a swimsuit.Ooze Rachael...not that I'm into that sort of thing, but it's cool if you do, I won't judge.Raid mode is really fun.Send yourself extra weapons and parts fromresidentevil.net.Cons:Online is dead.Controls can feel stiff from time to time.Running is non-existant in this one.Also, who let Conan O'Brien in this game?"
76561198166771313,Recommended,222480,17163012,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,dstreet319,One of the best modern Resident Evil games out there and you should not miss out on this
,Recommended,222480,20478017,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DlanorKnox,10/10 just for Chris' hot sailor outfit.
,Recommended,222480,20021449,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,General Krukov,"SP is not that good. It's just whatever, but this game seriously has the best MP ever. If you are one of those people who want to do missions flawlessly with your friends, buy this game."
,Recommended,222480,30765037,Posted: 26 March,all,Irish Of Nugget,"This game is honestly probably my favorite Resident Evil Game next to 7 I liked 4 but it got kind of boring after the 3rd chapter in my opinion but back to Revelations I loved the enemy design they looked really creepy at times, I loved I mean LOVED the setting the cruise ship idea was smart and made the game really scary at times, the bosses were awesome and I just loved this game altogether the final boss as well was amazing I loved it just as much as I do this whole game I HIGHLY recommend this game"
,Recommended,222480,13339223,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,box,butts
76561198047685041,Recommended,222480,24374529,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Boosted,"It was scary at first but then after messing around for abit, the game was very predictable and easy to play. Good survival horror game and it is one of the better RE games.Good game.8/10."
76561198079563788,Recommended,222480,23459426,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Lieutenant Joker,"The overall game is great.It did sometimes feel a little bit boring in the beginning but after that its really great.The game is really scare, I sometimes had to stop playing for a bit LOL.The gameplay is the same as 5. You have a partner and he sometimes helps you but unlike 5 you dont give him items.You can move while aiming which made it more intense when i was being chased and was trying to kill someone.There was this high tech binoculars that you used to find things and examine them. I thought it was a bit over used (i think it was only neccecary in one mission) but now that i think about it, it was OK.I thought the final boss was a let down. I was really excited to fight a final boss but i finished him in a couple of minutes and it was boring. I even felt that he was put in there without any real reason and he wasnt teased or built up in the game or if he was then not a lot he just came out in the end."
,Recommended,222480,24156099,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Michael,"If this game had a maybe button,I would press itThis game felt like it was trying to do what RE4 did (no one can replicate that),but it wasn't bad.It just still has that aspect of a shooter,and little survival horror,I felt like I was prepared for a fight all the time.I don't wanna feel like that all the time,I wanna feel like im on the verge of death or I don't have enough ammo to fight this boss.The Scanner,oh my god.What a good feature...to an extent.I love how you can scan bodies to get a herb to use,but you can find derelict items in the world,like ammo and herbs or custom parts,IT'S LITERALLY SCATTERED ALL OVER THE MAP....and I can't get them all! Because,I'm filled up with too much rifle or smg ammo...Raid Mode,I tried out and it felt so much like Mercenaries...just call it Mercenaries,damnit!Graphics are very good,byfar one of the best i've seen in a RE Game(Have no clue how this ran on PS Vita) Optimization is good,supurb acutally.Now for the meat...The Plot.The plot is good,few twists here and there,kind of adds little more confusion to the RE universe with all these diffrent viruses.No zombies sadly,Just these mutants and sort of buff two-foot walking lizards (Can't remember the name).New characters,and the old ones! You'll see through Jill and Chris,and newbies,Parker and ""Grinder"".Parker being my favorite of them because of his sweet Italian accent and bad♥♥♥♥♥ego.Jill's♥♥♥♥♥is big as usual,Chris is buff as ♥♥♥♥,so no diffrence with the oldies.Though someones tries to interfere with Chris and Jill's psuedo-relationship,she's hot but not as hot as Jill.(No Spoliers)All in all,This game is Meh,but Meh on the Verge of Great!TL;DRPros-RE4 Style Gameplay(to an extent)-Story is okay...-Modification on guns-Graphics are great!-Optimization is goodCons-No Inventory system-Still feels like a shooter-The 3-weapon system-Little more confusion to the RE Universe-The Raid Mode/or Mercenaries6.5/10 -Not a bad game,just needs little more of some good old RE :)"
,Recommended,222480,20531052,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,xSavageryx,I have completed 7-8 chapters out of what I think is 12. So far the game is good and I have enjoyed playing it. The whole abandonded boat theme is pretty original for a zombie game. However my only negative feeling is a lot of the 'creatures' seem to be repetitive or look pretty similar which gets a little boring. There are a few good boss type monsters and the split gameplay between characters makes it more enjoyable.
,Recommended,222480,14685912,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Chris mori my @$$,"Row row row your boat, gently into the sea...merrily...oh they're all dead."
,Not Recommended,222480,11753996,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,norman bates,"just NO, I don't know why I bought it"
,Not Recommended,222480,9376239,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Data_Strand,"A milked Resident Evil Title. This game was made to just earn some petty cash for capcom. The textures for a port are muddy and ♥♥♥♥♥ed up. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ how the characters textures are higher res than the worlds textures. Jill is paired up with some bootleg Antonio Banderas partner who does absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥for you. You'll be getting attacked and he will watch as you get brutally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't know what Resident Evil is going for anymore; zombie werewolves, tapeworm xfile character rip offs? Another generic bio terrorist group is launching some stupid♥♥♥♥♥attack again. Capcom needs to really bring these games back to its roots and start doing RE better, or just stop making them at all. This game is garbage, one of the worst Resident evil installments in the series."
76561198022176037,Recommended,222480,27847184,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kazu,Can't stop staring at Jills♥♥♥♥♥10/10 GOTY
,Recommended,222480,7787823,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Knight-hart,"This is a game about a loser guy named Cristopher trying to find his wife, but then it turns out she's actually on a boat full of monsters. Ring any ♥♥♥♥ing bells yet? It should, because that exact same thing was done years ago, and it was called Silent Hill 2 and was actually good. Too bad Crapcom can't make good games without ripping off people who know what they're doing. Anyway, Cris gets a letter from Jane Valentine (Is she supposed to be related to Vincent Valentine from Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children? Get REAL, Crapcock.) and has to find her on a boat. But he can't ♥♥♥♥ing find her. How hard is it to find a boat, Cris? IT'S AN OCEAN. THERE IS LITERALLY NOTHING IN IT BUT BOATS. So you have to play as Jane, and you have to spend all your ♥♥♥♥ing time looking at people with your Fisher Price Monster Scanner kit, to figure out if they're monsters or not. Meanwhile Cris is suddenly on a ♥♥♥♥ing MOUNTAIN? What. There are no ♥♥♥♥ing boats on a mountain, you prick. Crap♥♥♥♥ is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ developer who can not even REMEMBER what it happening IN THEIR OWN GAMES. It just gets worse from there. Really, it would be a lot better if this wasn't such a HUGE Silent Hill ripoff, except set on a boat. And don't even get me started on the Raid Mode, which is pretty much all the worst elements from World of Warcraft, slapped into a half-baked retard grind marathon.SCORES:Graphics: 6/10. This used to be a Game Boy Advance game, and you can tell. However, one chick gets horribly and painfully turned into a terrible monster and begs you to kill her, except she has her♥♥♥♥♥♥out the entire time, and it's pretty clear that the devs were literally masturbating while designing their ♥♥♥♥♥ Zombie. So it gets points for zombie♥♥♥♥♥♥Music: 3/10. The game does not have music.Gameplay: 7/10. You point the Scan Man 3000 at a zombie, and a little bar fills up and you get a herb. Then I guess you smoke that herb or something. Since the game is 420 friendly it gets bonus points.Story: 5/10. Again, Silent Hill did it better.FINAL SCORE: B-YOU MIGHT ENJOY THIS GAME IF...You get crazy boners from bloody zombie ♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
76561197979393764,Not Recommended,222480,10856740,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lacram,This game is terrible. capcom has really disappointed me and i wish i could get a refund but i know it will never happen. Please do not waste your money on this game it sucks♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,222480,10782339,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,F3RU,"Very disappointed. No co-op campaign mode. It only has co-op 'raid mode' where you spawn together, take out a handful of mutations to get from A to B, very short campaigns with absolutely no story or context, you just spawn, run for your life and try to do it fast for points. If I wanted to grind zombies with my friends I'd play Left 4 Dead again. I was really looking foward to this game, I love this franchise, in game, in L.A. movies and C.G.I. movies. I hope this, after Raccoon City, doesn't tank the franchise so they can have a chance at redeeming themselves with options. Give us the choice to play story mode with friends, strangers or just on our own, they've done it before and they did it well. Here's hoping they do it again."
,Not Recommended,222480,10830933,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Chrazini &x,How can they sell such a unpolished game? One of the worst games I have ever played.
,Not Recommended,222480,12094124,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Daenerys Von Kitel,"The main reason I got this game was so I could play it with my friend and it's co-op, however the story on this game is not actually co-op and the only part we can play together is some minor survival missions. Even with those ones, the controls are extremely finicky, when aiming down the sights if moving the mouse, the crosshair won't move at all.Overall I found it a more frustrating experience, if it just hadn't said that it was actually co-op I feel it would have spared me the feeling of wasting my money.Though, I haven't played through the story part much at all, just the multiplayer setting. So if you're a Resident Evil fan playing for a solo experience with the story it might still be of interest, I just found the amount of aggrevation while doing simple things like aiming a turn-off from playing the rest of it."
,Not Recommended,222480,10494594,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"Boring game, horrible controls, especially dodge mechanics is irritating.  Another generic RE, i just don't know what have i expected."
,Recommended,222480,10431266,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Misha,Door opening simulator 2013Seriously.... all you do is open doors and shoot white jelly mutants. But its still fun.
76561197995890436,Not Recommended,222480,12976232,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,223Ultra,"just wasted my money, bought it for my wife and i to play coop. Total waste..story sucks, game play is clunky and slow , wish i could get my money back. coop is a joke! save your money and keep looking cuase this game is not worth the money. Don't say I didn't warn you.."
,Not Recommended,222480,14289748,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Nathaniel (No PC),For a Biohazard game this is just horrible. As just a game in general it's pretty Meh. I have no clue why it has a 50 dolla price tag. This game is only worth like 5 bucks. Just don't buy this
,Not Recommended,222480,10854706,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dr Knox,"This is actually pretty terrible. The movement is loose, the gameplay is SO EASY! Too easy. There isnt really anything to do, no emblems to find, or secrets, or weapons to upgrade. The only thing you can change is the weapons in the raid mode (mercenaries). I also purchased with real money all of the add-ons yet I can't get the weapons or extras, they are nowhere to be found.You should just pretend this game never happened like I should have."
,Not Recommended,222480,10433848,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,! Taz the Husky,I'm a big fan of Resident evil games but this one sucks. It look like its meant for the Wii which translates to crap. Cheesy story telling. And just plain repeditive and dumb gameplay. They could of done so much better if they actually put a little love into this.
,Not Recommended,222480,11253340,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,lfreels001,"Terrible game. Play is rediculously slow and repetitive. Ive loved every other Resident Evil game excet this one, it doesnt even feel like the same franchise. Not worth my money and I even got it on sale. Refund PLEASE!"
,Not Recommended,222480,10612987,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BootsOfHaste,"The over the shoulder view is terrible and way to close to the character. The game is heavily story driven, like any RE game, but it is truly lacking compared to the classic survival horror games of the series."
76561198026685494,Not Recommended,222480,10429574,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,JustAnotherNuggetFuckerr,i hoped for a coop story mode like in res 5. That damn raid mode is boring taking most of the story mode elements out. Only  thing great about this game was i bought it on discount
,Not Recommended,222480,14309962,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,T. McBaggins,"My personal review; a big fan of the Resident Evil / Biohazard series, I felt like this addition was terrible.Storyline: 6/10 - Mediocore and boring.Character development: 4/10 - Chris and Jill were tiresome to listen to, Parker was my only favourite.Graphics: 10/10 - Very impressed with the whole look of everything.Mechanics: 7/10 - Bit strange, wasn't too happy about the way we had to dodge. Felt slightly stiff.Overall: 6/10 - This could of been a great addition; just wasn't."
,Not Recommended,222480,13085250,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,MarsBarz,"I've played this game for a little over an hour. I couldn't stand to play it for any longer. I watched DansGaming play it a bit during his Halloween Horror Game Marathon.____I had a choice. Spend my funds on RE4 or on RE Revelations. For the sake of going with something new, I chose the latter and now I deeply regret my decision. I should have done a bit more research. Like another reviewer pointed out, RE Revelations plays like a boring and stripped down version of RE4. And it adds a new, super annoying feature whose purpose I do not understand. A bioscanner. After you kill monsters you can scan their bodies and if you scan enough of their bodies you get some sort of bonus (I think it was a life bonus or something like that). That doesn't sound too bad, does it? Well, it's not bad. The part that infuriates me is that you need the scanner to find ALL ITEMS. Walk into a room, it's empty. Wait, use your bioscanner scanner to look around the room, and aha! There's that apparently organic ammo you needed. Or that keycard you need to open that door. What an absolutley silly, timewasting, and nonsensical feature.Unfortunately, this game has bigger problems than just a silly loot finding system. The graphics are bad, the atmosphere is mediocre, the characters and dialogue are terribly written, and the combat is unrefined, depthless, and above-all, boring.  I don't understand the positive reviews for the game. If I could return this game, I would in a heartbeat."
76561198118186412,Not Recommended,222480,10956202,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Flash_Icarus,"I round-house kicked a mutant and punched a lizard in the face.Other than that, pretty uneventful :)"
,Not Recommended,222480,8515935,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Stalker,"RE: Revelations.... To start off i would like to say i am a Die Hard RE fan.... Up until RE 4. With the mutations and all the other random stuff that caused zombies it made me sad that the franchise went into this direction.  I loved the Survival horror aspect of the resident evil. This has since long changed. Not really any puzzles just shooting the same types of ""Zombieish"" things over and over again.  capcom makes me sad with the "" new"" resident evil. But if thats what this generation of fans want. Thats what capcom has to give them.   I would not recomend this game to any Resident Evil Purist... Unless it was to complete your collection."
76561197993234695,Not Recommended,222480,11243931,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,NERD_RAGE!!!,"I haven't played most of the RE series so it's hard for me to be a fair judge of this. Basically, from what I've read and watched on the internet, this goes more back to its roots in the first RE series, where it's supposed to be survival horror. The thing is, is that the survial element is in, but not the horror; I've played games like Slender, Dead Space, and Alan Wake, and sorry to those who like RE, there is NO horror element found here. Just the frustrating survival element that's more irrate than survival.Pros: The game looks really nice; graphics, textures, modles, the works. Everything looks nextgen.Cons: Aside from what I've listed at the top, that's pretty much it. There is nothing good here. The story is dry, and boring (seriously, first 5 minutes in the game I was watching a cutscene, I was like ""I don't give a flying ♥♥♥♥, SKIP"".), the characters are as planned as the story, and the voice acting was subpar at most.Gameplay: Now like I said, I never played the first RE titles, just RE5, which I loved. But in accordance to that, it feels like I'm not some bad♥♥♥♥♥agent, but more like someone saving every single bullet I come accross, which is what most combat is like; you're not killing the zeds, you're running from them. Because heaven forbid you come accross a hallway blocked by zeds, and you can't shoot your way out, you have to ♥♥♥♥ing knife them. If not, you have to run and dodge them. The dodge system is simlar to Alan Wake's in that you have to time you're enemies attack to get out of the way. This would be good, except that it's the same button as the 180 degree turn. If you don't time it perfectly, which I suck btw at stuff like this, you'll turn and face the wrong way and eat♥♥♥♥♥♥ The enemies vary their attacks to a quick jab, to a haymaker type punch; hard to time this♥♥♥♥♥♥ but then again, that's just me. They also done away with the life bar; basically, three hits and you're dead.I preferred more an action based game, not...what ever this is. Again, I've never played the originals, but if they were anything like this, I'd stay away."
76561197961469091,Not Recommended,222480,11518843,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Dreddnar,"This is my first review, I have no idea how to write one, but I will try my best.Here I go,This game is NOTHING like resident evil should be, no zombies, no tentsion, no puzzles, this game is NOT resident evil, I don't know what it is, but I know what it isn't.I would actually maybe still enjoy it because it has fantastic graphics, but I just cant get over of the poorly written story, the SCORE TABLE !!!! YEAH !!! SCORE TABLE !!! WTF ?!?! ... I mean ... I was looking for a game that I could play for the story, I was a fan of the original resident evil 1,2,3 and maybe even 4 because it had a compelling storyline and I get emerged into the world, the puzzles that needed to be solved to gert ahead where just the icing, then the best thing for me in the originals was the camera angles, it just added so much. For me, the first three games where perfect.So to anyone reading this, I dont know if anyone agrees with me or not, but I would not recommend this, its something that will ruin your fond memories of the original."
76561197976996217,Not Recommended,222480,10885357,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Solar Skater,"I haven't played any of the game yet, aside from 10 minutes of the single player campaign. I am very dissapointed that there is no Co-Op Campaign mode as in Resident Evil 5. Btw, I beat and loved Resident Evil 4. The thing that makes me not recommend this game is the fact that on the Steam Store Page for RE:Revelations it states that is co-op. I, along with many other fans of the series, believe this to be very misleading. True, there is a Raid mode, but I want to experience an entire game's campaign with a good friend, and make awesome memories and have amazing experiences that we can laugh about for years to come.Campcom seems to be going the way of SquareEnix, that is to say, money grubbing and misleading their fans al for a few (million) bucks.Please Campcom, add a co-op campaign!"
,Recommended,222480,25804751,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lloyd Clive,"A vey good game, it runs well and is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,222480,23022163,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,FixsterX,nice game i very like
,Not Recommended,222480,11768762,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Vehmeriino,"Resident Evil Revelations is kind of Capcoms apology about Resident Evil 5 & 6 being more about shooting zombies and less about horror gameplay, and it tries to be a bit like Resident Evil 4, but fails at it.Resident Evil Revelations's greatest shortcoming is that it's mostly just boring and average. The story is boring, the characters are boring, the gameplay is boring, the graphics are average. When this game originally released on the 3DS it looked very impressive on the small screen, but now it's not so impressive on a 1080p screen.If you are desperate for a horror game to play, RE Revelations is probably better than 90% of the indie horror games that are currently flooding Steam, but that isn't saying much."
,Not Recommended,222480,12100388,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,HoaX,"i liked the idea of a maritym mutation so i bought that game.But the monster variety was poor even though they could have created some really scary monsters but they didntTheyre just grey low resolution models that wobble around ... if you like nasty monsters go buy dead space 1-2 they did it rightThe ship was boring cause everything was just grey and green ..if a horror game wants to score with mapdesign it should atleast look dirty but it was just clean, so clean more like steril that you could eat from the toilet seatsThe sound was bad ...all 9m handguns sounded the same and not powerful more like from a cheap browser gameIf anyone remembers those Hunters from resident evil 3 (with their trippling footstep sound), inrevelations theyre just cute like a little puppy and they used them as cannon fodder! as cannon fodder! the fearsome Hunters that you really dont wanted to encounter in resident evil 3!!I dont know why they added these useless side stories maybe for the more action parts where youjust run and shoot every hunter like in any random shooter with unlimited ammo.killed enemies just melt into a blood soup or disappearThere havent been any ""real"" puzzles like they promised(atleast not like in resident evil 3 or code veronica x)If they really want to go back to horror survival they should add real zombies and crazy monster types.Zombies shouldnt be used as cannon fodder like in resident evil 6 that you just run over with your karate kicksEven watching Jills smooth as.s for 6 hours couldnt change my mind for a positive review"
76561198122515730,Not Recommended,222480,12135107,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,T10Billion,This game sucks...why am I still playing it?
76561198101567211,Not Recommended,222480,31054761,Posted: 9 April,all,Marvelfan211,"This game is a really mixed bag. There is some fun to be had, but also a lot of frusteration and the ratio leans more towards frusteration. I say get it on sale if ur an RE fan but be ready for high highs and low lows.PROS:*Some sections look and feel like RE1*The 1st boss fight is epic*Decent enemy variety*Not too long or too short*Dat♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!Cons:*Horrible and stupid story (even for RE)*Every boss fight besides the 1st are boring and uninspired*Horrible swimming sequences with bad control*Half of the game takes place off of the cruise ship where the best parts of the game are, star boring characters, and are overly action focused spray and preys where no fun can be had*Map system is confusing and you often get lost*Annoying rail shooter sequences*Annoying scanning mechanic that is used too often*You can't ♥♥♥♥ Jill IRL no matter how much you want tooOverall 6/10TLDR: Some of it is really gud, but most of it sucks, but Jill's♥♥♥♥♥is God Tier"
,Recommended,222480,23099218,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ZelosZalis,"I wish I could write two reviews seriously. One for campaign and one for RaidCampaign:While flawed the campgain is decent enough given if you remember its 3ds roots. Story is pretty typical of modern RE so theres no real serious surprises, the enemies are over all fun to fight and weapons are solid.overall 7/10Raid: oh man.... what the hell were they thinking? I've played Free to play mmos with less grind than this, horribly slow level system that serves purely as a gate, a grind you must get through just to be ""this tall to ride"" the next grind which is grinding to get weapons and custom parts.  Unless someone boosts you raid will take stupidly long to get anywhere, and still terribly long even with a boost. On top of this fact that the two early teirs; Chasm and Trench, may as well not even exist as you get nothing substantial from it. Raid doesn't even ""begin"" till abyss cause thats when you start to get your more perfect weapons and custom parts that actually can change gameplay styles. so imagine suffering through 30 levels or so and roughly around 50 hours to even get to abyss and thats if you got a partner and think if that sounds fun.overall 2/10I still recommend the game for the campaign only really. I have not gotten to play raid in RE:RE:2 but I can only hope they improved on the formula cause alot of bad gameplay choices here."
,Recommended,222480,22359073,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,TRODOSSS,True Resident Evil!
76561198072182182,Recommended,222480,28188072,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"In quality and overall fun, it far outstrips its status as a mere ""gaiden"" game!  Lightly textured but nicely modeled and animated, it exhibits an attractive ""Hyper Dreamcast"" style that doesn't overload the optic nerves with absurdly realistic textile weave.  Limited ammo and herbs make things a lot more survival horror-esque than 4, 5 and 6, but when you run out of something, you can scan your surroundings with a little viewfinder that identifies hidden items.  It's a great crutch to have if you find yourself in a sloppy gameplay session!  Viewfinder usage is never too onerous, and it's downright AWESOME if you've got an obsessive-compulsive inner beast that craves a massage.  The contextual dodge mechanic (you joggle the stick in a certain direction right before the blow falls) is a little weird at first, but it actually works beautifully in one-on-one encounters.  You're better off running from mobs, but let's face it; what game lets you duck an entirehordeof misshapen gropers?Revelationshas a perfect RE story, one that's even worthy of a mainline game.  You know what that means, RE fans:  it's a convoluted, monster-packed mess dripping with so much cheese sauce that it will give you gout, and it is positively glorious!  Let me explain something to the uninitiated; RE stories are good not just because they're cheesy fun, or just because they've got oodles of hideous monsters, but because they are leavened with real creativity and intelligence.  It's wonderfully dumb spectacle plus deep mythos.  Unkillable action heroes with one-liners striving against organizations with (sometimes insanely) complex motivations.  Ridiculously twisty plotting with expert pacing.  Not many AAA actioners (game or film) can suck you in like an RE can into its coincidence-laden universe of pustulant monsters!"
,Recommended,222480,22304128,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,凸(◣_◢DJ.HC,Nice Game!
,Recommended,222480,29836815,Posted: 10 February,all,poisonedOcean,"Bought with a 75% discount... I wish I had paid the full price. That's a GREAT and satisfying game. You'll find everything that there is to love in RE series here. Actually, is a damm fine horror experience even if you're not into the Resident Evil thing yet.Too underrated game."
76561198049743008,Not Recommended,222480,13860594,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Colonel-Commissar McFasty,"The game has correctly scaled back to the idea of ammo conservation, claustraphopic atmospheres and suspense.However,It's shoddy music, cheap jump scares, beyond awful combat mechanics and insultingly easy fights and puzzles that are more irritating than tricky - make me concerned that this was made by an actual legit company. The only sign of actual effort in this is the generally large size of the game and its levels. Even though it is a cakewalk it will kill a good 10+ hours.Oh yeah, and Jill is still hot. But youll soon forget that the second the horrific, stupid, pointless side characters turn up, with thier own mini missions and humourless jokes.An irritating 5/10 even if you love the old Resi's"
,Recommended,222480,23401128,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,G0d,"Long time resident evil fan, by no means would I say this is my favorite. Has a RE6 feel to it just with water. . . lots of water. The Dodging action is not easy to pull off and I feel it is a bit glitchy.I enjoy the style of upgrading weapons in this game. Each firearm has a certain amount of upgradables which you have to collect throughout the game, some are pretty interesting.The storyline is okay, get to know more about hunk which is pretty neat. More on Claires brother (even get to play as)It is ripping off metroid primes scanning but it is how you find extra items while scouting out things.Two who gives a ♥♥♥♥ game characters are in the campaigne you have to play as and they remind me of those racist autobots from transformers. Supposed to be some elite group but one of them is disty and falls making a loud noise very start of their chapter?Female hunk, bought that package because I was curious but dissapointed to find out it is hunk with no pants?If hunk is playable, why the hell is Tofu not!?!?!? (RE2 reference)A lot of the game characters look ""greasy"" especially this redhead tht remins me of Syndro from The Incredibles Movie! Right? Right?Still would recommend, but hate where RE is going with the game controls mimicking Call of Duty in a way. They seem to be moving away from, ""Survival"" horror."
,Recommended,222480,23777709,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,FabülösPütinMinaj,"Really gud Game! But dont get the dlcs, the weapons are bad and the attachements are useless. You cant play the Main Campaign in co-op! Its just the Raid mode. Still i would recommend the Game to everyone who has something for Dark Atmospheres and good Storytelling."
,Recommended,222480,22124483,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,Dante,(y)
,Recommended,222480,23494216,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,mdonovan0780,"Revelations is Resident Evil done right.This game was AMAZING on the 3DS, and I'm currently re-downloading it for the PC for another playthru.The main campaign is decently lengthy, and the upgrade system is decent.I'm not one for extra modes or Mercenaries on the other games, but Raid Mode is a blast. Great for challenge-seekers.If you've never played this before, or are just curious about the series, this is a good place to start, provided youread a little about the story first. If not, you'll get to know the characters soon enough, but the background helps a little.Just buy it. You won't regret it."
76561197985911243,Not Recommended,222480,14157114,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,dbicher,"waste of 60 bucks     may have just ended a good friendship , never trust someone that says   oh yeah  you`ll love this----NOT"
76561198080898804,Recommended,222480,18415378,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Acnologia,That booty
,Recommended,222480,18229985,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Capitalist Pig,Great Gameplay.
,Recommended,222480,25513215,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Aidan Ryuki,!
,Recommended,222480,7716655,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,¡SpaceCowboy¡,"I am a fan of all resident evill games. I love resident evil 6!At first this game looks terrible, increadibly bad graphics, boring atmosphere, feels like timewaste.However as you progress and finnish first two chapters, It starts to get very interseting and quite good. It is still not good as RE6 but it is still quite good.I would reccomend you to play it. It is fun, but if you gotto to choose RE6 or this, go with RE6"
76561198021757575,Recommended,222480,3380762,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,A Good♥♥♥♥♥Game Much Better Than Resident Evil 6!!! Well Worth The Buy!!!
,Recommended,222480,1460153,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,J o n e x,"Revelations is filled with old school Resident Evil horror which reminds me of the original games that started the series off. Before starting the game, I didn’t expect much seeing as it was originally a 3DS only title. But I was really impressed with the PC version!The story is decent. It was well thought out, filled with twists and turns, and unexpected.  The characters were well established (although I wasn’t a fan of Jill’s voice actor). There are all sorts of themes I could mention, but like all my reviews I’d prefer to keep this spoiler free!The gameplay is pretty much the same as Resident Evil 5 and 6, simple yet satisfying. There are various enemy types with different weaknesses and numerous boss fights. The amount of different weapons is good, and the ability to upgrade them keeps things fresh.The graphics are clearly dated by comparison to Resident Evil 6 (released some months before as a major released on consoles and PC). But they still look good and have definitely been re-vamped for the PC. The swimming sections are particularly pretty, even though there are so few of those moments :(I’ll also mention that in almost every respect, the overall game is significantly better than Resident Evil 6. No more mindless campaigns with a chopped up storyline. No more glitchy graphics. No more sub standard plot. As a fan of the Resident Evil, Revelations managed to pull off a good balance of nostalgia with next gen controls. It felt like one of the original games but with modern elements. I was really happy with that ^^Overall, Revelations is a very good game and any fan of the original series should get playing! If you played Resident Evil 6 and enjoyed that game, this one might be a bit too different for you."
,Recommended,222480,32414347,Posted: 14 June,all,keV-o™,"Awesome game, don't regret buying it."
76561198006849221,Recommended,222480,32751635,Posted: 24 June,all,rjazz2,Tons of fun--a nice combo of shooting and puzzles that remind me of the earlier RE games! If you like RE1-3 then you'll dig this.
,Recommended,222480,33124236,Posted: 2 July,all,raven7p77,Its fun lose track of time raids cand have more how to info tho and gun upgradeing  4/5
,Recommended,222480,6174360,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Evil Dave,"One of the best RE games in the last year/s. I compare Revelations with titles like RE5 and RE6 and the difference is HUGE!.The game have amazing 3D graphics, good atmosphere, terrorific enemies and awasome campaign / history. Also I find it a good idea to tune up your weapons with special pieces for make them more stronger (RE4 and RE5 have this too but with other style)The Raid Mode expand the game for make more fun. Its also playable in CoopI recomend this game. No only for be the best RE game in the last years, also for what he have: IS A TRUE SURVIVAL HORROR!"
76561198176529725,Recommended,222480,30680029,Posted: 22 March,all,likessharpthings,"Best resident evil in a long while. Has same creepy feel as older REs, less of the arcade/action style like in RE6."
,Recommended,222480,24823939,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Laquatee,I'm not boring to participate in online event
,Recommended,222480,34409829,Posted: 21 August,all,EQOAnostalgia,"Having owned this product on DS and Xbox360 i feel confident enough to review it here with my current play time. I have probably 50+ hours invested and simply needed to test out the controls.This is one of the better RE titles in recent years. Up until RE7 fans of the atmosphere in older RE games were kind of left out in the cold. So the setting, the pacing and the distribution of ammo were all very welcomed by the oldschool community when this game released. It was very much the first sign that survival horror just might come home to stay this time! Since RE6 had happened just weeks before... let's not go there...Graphically the game is passable. Nothing special here but this was a hand held title at one point so keep that in mind. Regardless of the aesthetics, the atmosphere shines!The sound is fantastic as usual. RE has always been known to have great sound, from the bloops and beeps of the menus, to the sound of enemies lurching near. The music is always top notch with this series so it goes without saying that it's AAA stuff. The main theme has a creepy, yet classy, almost regal tone to it to reflect the setting that most of the action plays out in.Controls are a bit iffy for PC players. I'm not a fan of aiming with the mouse in this game at all. It feels floaty and just isn't responsive. Not sure if this was a design decision to increase tension but it doesn't work with a PC players mentallity. You can't handicap our aim, you just can't. The controller works as you would expect and i honestly prefer it with this game... yes... i know... i mean this is kind of a shooter after all, not in the traditional sense but you get my point i'm sure. So a controller is NOT on the top of my list of prefered methods to get my game on.The story is pretty decent, but i mean this is RE, you're here to love the characters more than the story because you already love Jill, but you need to meet Jessica lol. But seriously, the characters in these games are always entertaining and the story is servicable.The gameplay is well balanced, it does feel like you move way too slow, but you adjust to it. It's just because you're most likely used to twitch style shooters and faster paced games, they take it down a notch here to ramp up on the fear, and it does work. It just takes some time to begin to work it's magic on you, but once you get an enemy behind you, breathing all freaky like and sh@# you will understand why your sprint is more like a crawl. Pacing is well done with action sequences broken up very well by exploration and puzzle solving? can you call it that? Idk... but stuff is in your way and you get it out of your way and proceed. Bosses are fun, sometimes frustrating especially on higher difficulties!All in all, as RE games go i would say this is one of the best in the latter installments (post RE4 era) but we would have to wait for RE7 to truly bring back that oldschool formula, albiet in first person. Still... as oldschool RE fans we take what we can get."
,Recommended,222480,30197137,Posted: 26 February,all,Noct.BYZZ4,BESTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
76561198041203199,Not Recommended,222480,34961377,Posted: 14 September,all,miki,"Lack of co-op hampers the game, and the system of going into first person to pick up items isn't very fun and takes away from it (maybe this worked better on 3DS, but it makes exploration feel a little less worthwhile since it means items aren't usually far off the path you're headed for since it would be a pain to scan every room in this weird first person mode; it would have been improved by this being removed and items being scattered across areas you're less likely to go more). Characters besides Chris and Jill are not very interesting. Also, the Raid mode is not that fun here, and not many people play it at all. Atmosphere is attempted but it can't come close to Resident Evil Remake, which is also on Steam now. It's okay, but not one of the stronger RE titles."
,Recommended,222480,34847617,Posted: 9 September,all,blueplasma,it's lit
76561197983714699,Recommended,222480,30762696,Posted: 26 March,all,Dual,Pretty good if you like the RE franchise
,Recommended,222480,10419209,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Humperdinck,It a good game.
,Recommended,222480,23779610,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,xbox 1 million,No Jill Sandwiches aboard this ship...
,Recommended,222480,768876,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Poddy,"A little step back to the roots. Good boss fights and gameplay.One pinch oldschool RE, 2 pinches action = Good RE game."
76561198075642784,Recommended,222480,6801535,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,kurganrocketraccoon,"Лучший резидент эвил со времен 4 части и ах да ДЖИЛЛ ДАТ АСС !!!!!!!P.S на Х""'Ю вертел богомерзкую 6 часть"
76561198113190348,Recommended,222480,14375474,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,blackmage_cat,"As a long time fan of the resident evil games I can honestly say this has been my favorite one from the ""new"" games. Re6 made me lose hope in resident evil but if capcom can keep the games like revelations I will not lose hope just yet!"
76561198033452464,Recommended,222480,16890489,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,bigguns199,"not a bad port played a little bit of the game to see how it is, love the resident evil series and feels like a good game to start with. of course i can see that this was ment for a ds. some times it feels like i the controlls are wonkey, yet fluid. thing that i hate is  how easy it is to find ammo. making the game easy to play (unless you shoot it all at one monster.my vertic 7 out of 10, good to start with if you have not played a resident evil game before, if you have still a good game to play just be ready for it to feel a little slow."
76561197990406921,Recommended,222480,15066013,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,"pure genius, the series is back!"
,Recommended,222480,98916,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Pickle Job,"Hm, pretty good JoJ."
76561198134059234,Recommended,222480,22161404,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,GreenCat,"This game is amazing. And it's super easy. It's feel like you play a survivor horror classic residen evil. You have to run around, do some puzzles, collect items, some jumpscare. Make like a small several chapter it a good thing because sometime you have to rest and get your sanity back. So you will be more comfortable. The story is find. Cut scene is cinematic. Characters is look good except jill, she's look weird. The combat is ok. It's move like Re6 and they add a dodge mechanic that you can dodge almost every enemy attack. I guess. Over all if you are a residente evil and you want to buy this game. You should try this one. You will like it. Sure there has something that not good in this game but it ok."
,Recommended,222480,15709092,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,dnlgjmnz,"Resident Evil Revelations is an amazing game. It goes back to what made the original games survival horror icons. It is much more for the fans of those types of games rather than something like Resident Evil 5 or 6. I highly recommend this game. If you love Resident Evil in all its forms, maybe excluding The Umbrella Chronicles, you will love this game. I myself haven't played that one but I don't hear great things. I love how it has some modern elements while also sticking more closely to its roots. No wonder the sequel is also doing so well. I highly recomment this to any Resident Evil fan especially fans of the old survival horror elements mixed with RE 4 over the shoulder and controls."
76561198012252175,Not Recommended,222480,17351933,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Vile,TIS CRAP
76561197963160605,Recommended,222480,15832621,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Twisted_Mentat,"An obvious but enjoyable schlock side-story to the franchise with a new type enemy archetype and solid fundamental game play.The overall game is old-school resident evil but with over the shoulder controls and the usual silly plot.The game is as focused on over the shoulder combat as RE 4-5-6 but the plot, map, exploration and setting that remind me heavily of resident evil 2.The inventory system is a system of magic-boxes that holds your stored list of gear and weapons and equip-able buff labels that you can find, swap and equip on weapons (closest comparison is warframe F2P game but less confusing).The downside as I see it are that the weapon upgrade and storage system does not fit in will with the story led game-save focused, poorly chaptered game progression. The system has a strong hint of being only half-implemented or something added in mostly for new-game plus (or to allow for more weapon types) it's almost like a first attempt at a DLC platform for some cheeky ""bonus"" paid for content but with access being strictly limited to in-game storage crate use the save-game based inventory system feels an odd choice."
76561197994435666,Recommended,222480,15834300,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Demonicuss,"A classic RE game, updated to some modern standards.The dialog is awful, the gameplay is good, the weapon system is great.There's no one to play multiplayer with, but the Raid Mode has solo play.Well worth a purchase!"
,Recommended,222480,15847230,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Sydrel,is been a while i stop playing the game from resident evil :D but finally i got in touch with Revelation :D i feel so happy to play it
76561198050812706,Recommended,222480,14861398,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,HexTechy,"I've been playing Resident Evil since the beginning and I must admit that I still prefer the first couple of games.This is not a puzzle solving game any more it's pure action. Like so many other games. Dammit...Everything looks shiny and there is nothing to really complain about in that area... But...Why go and bring an oversexualized character like Jessica into the mix. Resident evil have always respected the female characters enough for them to equipped them with clothing that fits the situation. Maybe with the exception of Ada Wong.So why change that now?But I guess that's a minor detail and perhaps it's just feminist babble.Anyways, it's a good action game even if it's lost the ol' RE charm."
,Recommended,222480,8521164,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chair,Gameplay          - 8/10Story                 - 7/10Multiplayer         - 7/10Door Mechanics - 2/10
,Recommended,222480,24042191,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,`LogiC.,Guys need help why cant i play campaign mode but raid mode worked just fine ..plzz help me guyzz
76561198040877757,Recommended,222480,21165406,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Shadow,"Still have a bit to go achievements wise, but for a first playthrough I enjoyed it.  Wasn't as scary as it was intense but still a great survival horror game."
,Not Recommended,222480,25083181,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Wilhelm Ryan,"I'm a big RE fan, platinum on RE5 and a ridiculous game saves on past installments. RE6 originally rustled my jimmiesso badly that I skipped this game on the 3ds, and I don't think I really missed all that much on relase. You don't exactly have a big array of enamies, and instead of having things you can easily take out by being smart you have some enemies that are just there to soak up bullets if you can't run, wait, I mean merrily jog away. Where the heck is the run button??? Maybe the low speed adds some tension, but more often then not I found myself getting really frustrated with backtracking through enemyless segments with Jill having a happy jog through rooms that all look the freaking same! What son of a biscuit did the level design for this game? Aside from there being more than one ship that is EXACTLY THE SAME TO THE POINT WHERE ONLY THE CASINO IS OPEN ON BOTH OF THEM WHY. Even when you're grounded in that you're on the same ship, the game tends to have rooms that look so similar that you end up going in the opposite direction. Objective cursor is inconsistant.If you can't look past a lot of things and accept its flaws this game might not be for you."
,Recommended,222480,18618182,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,AkaTheSkay,"Story mode is decent, creating a nice hybrid between modern and classic resident evil (right down to the story taking place pretty much all in one location), but choose your multiplayer partner wisely! Because the raid mode is extremly repetitive and RPG grindy, so you'll need a great partner or a hell of a lot of love for the series to play through it all. It's also worth noting that this is a port of a 3DS title, that's not a bad thing per say, but it is noticable in terms of the scale and variety in the game.The games at it's best the few times it manages to pull off even a half decent jump scare and how they've broken the story mode into chunks like episodes, but besides that? It's just capcom trying to reclaim the series' glory days and only somewhat succeeding."
,Recommended,222480,31985100,Posted: 26 May,all,Saulsa,this game is resident evil 4's long lost brother
,Recommended,222480,10421513,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Solidus Steve,"There are certainly parts that are head and shoulders above the rest of the game, but overall it's a worthwhile experience."
76561197967324471,Recommended,222480,273930,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,H.U.N.K,Old school resident evil goodness
76561197962872579,Recommended,222480,9508829,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,The Punisher,crap...cheap graphics and mind numbing game play....stay away from this
,Recommended,222480,13734649,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,WyattEarp,I liked it. i hate writing reviews
,Recommended,222480,7843408,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Synthia Vice,"Decent port to PC of a 3DS game, with a substantial up-res in graphics. Runs pretty smoothly, with an episodic format featuring the typical hokey Resident Evil storyline, and a fun separate co-op gamemode that is for two players."
,Recommended,222480,10423043,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Poison,Best Resident Evil since 4.
76561198059785040,Recommended,222480,10420379,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,DoppleChrist,It feels like an older more horror oriented Resident Evil game. Pretty fun.
,Recommended,222480,10422573,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Roni,"One of the latest Resident Evil titles to come out at the time of this review, June 2014, Revelations is a new entry in the franchise that originally came out for the Nintendo 3DS in 2012. The title was generally very well-received and, not a full year later, Capcom annouced that the title would be released to household consoles and PC.The story behind this title presents a difficult reality that I feel must be tackled right off the bat: this is a handheld game being ported to a household console, so it features a limited budget. The implications behind this statement are huge. Every single aspect of this game will (most likely) not be on par with every other game being released alongside this title. However, that doesn't mean this game is bad. A game is a system that's worth far more than the sum of its individual parts.Resident Evil 6, the other recent release at the time of writing, was a competent triple-A game with impressive visuals and full-fledged controls that allowed you to roll out of the way, lay on the floor, place explosives, take cover behind objects and other actions necessary for that game's core loop. However, it is very easy to see how one might not consider that a standard Resident Evil experience. Luckily, Revelations is the most classic-like Resident Evil game to be released since the mid 2000's, when the final remakes of the original Resident Evil and the last Outbreak entry were released.Do keep in mind, though, that this game strikes a balance: it is not the return of old-school survival horror that every hardcore fan of the series seems to be crying out for. The controls closely resembles an updated version of what was initially set established by Resident Evil 4 and barely modified in Resident Evil 5. Your camera is placed above your shoulder and always face what your avatar is looking at, you can strafe, aim and shoot. Perhaps the biggest addition to the controls is the fact that you can, finally, shoot and move at the same time. Overall, the gameplay works well and feels really tight. With a core set of mechanics being matched by well designed enemies.In most chapters you'll play as Jill Valentine aboard a derelict cruise ship, those are the chapters that feature the classic horror atmosphere and feeling. But in other chapters, that can be quite numerous, you'll play as different characters like Chris Redfield, Keith ""Grinder"" Lumley and Parker Luciani. It is during these chapters that the gameplay is changed to something that closely resembles the more modern Resident Evil gameplay experience: you get plenty of ammunition and level challenges usually boil down to surviving enemy waves or fighting through enemies to get to safety. Though, as in most games of the franchise, the general gameplay will naturally shift its focus towards something very similar to what is presented in these secondary chapters as the narrative reaches its climax and approaches the ending.The game's narrative is an interesting beast. While I personally loved the narrative and the plot twist in it, it is undeniable that Revelations makes use of some really exaggerated characters that draw a lot from the, sometimes ridiculous, world of Japanese animation. They're not many, but they are key personalities in the narrative that end up getting their fair share of screen time. The story segments featured in the secondary chapters are used to explain or advance the plot without having to rely on the magical convenience that every single answer to the game's mystery is aboard the Queen Zenobia.The narrative always pairs you up with a partner, but the game features no cooperative play in the campaign, being only available in RAID mode. The partner is controlled by an AI that does its best to stay out of your way: it deals almost no damage to enemies and, in turn, is mostly ignored by them. This results in a gameplay that feels more like the original games, when there were no partners around, even though there is someone there with you to be used by the narrative to advance the plot.In terms of additional information, I could list that the game's campaign features three difficulty modes (Casual, Normal and Inferno) and the highest difficulty features scrambled puzzles and new enemy placement that is supposed to breath some life into the game even after you've beaten it once and feel like the story mode has nothing else for you. Item boxes are back, but with a twist. Puzzle items like keys, cards and other miscellaneous items are stored in their own separate inventory that never runs out of space. Ammunition is stored separately as well, with each type having a maximum amount the character may carry. These quantities can be expanded by finding particular items, but the extra ammo you find must be left in place since you cannot store it in the box. You can carry up to three weapons at any time and that's where the item boxes come in play: you use them to swap weapons and parts. Parts are upgrades that you may find for your weapons throughout the journey, they exist in the campaign but have no significant impact in your performance. They are, however, a big deal in RAID mode.RAID mode is an alternate game mode that is unlocked as you beat the game for the first time. In it you get to choose an environment from the single-player campaign and play it with any character and weapons you choose. Enemies feature a life bar in this mode that help you make tactical decisions and there are special enemy types. These special enemies, sadly, are only enlarged or shrinked versions of the standard enemies with a distinguishable symbol that indicates how their behavior has been modified. You have strong enemies that deal extra damage, agile enemies that are smaller and move faster and many others.This mode's objective is to navigate the environment, dealing with any enemies along the way, and destroy the symbol that is at the end of the level. You usually don't have to kill every enemy to proceed, but some levels make use of chained doors and segments to force you to face a large enemy force, when you finish off the last enemy in the wave you'll get a padlock key that unlocks the way forward. The levels implement this mechanic in a wide range of success: some are really memorable, some are really annoying. There are no NPC's in this mode, it is a straight-up fight up until the very end.However, as has been mentioned before, enemies have health bars and they help you make tactical decisions. But that's not all they do, they also help you gauge your character's efficiency. Unlike the single-player campaign, RAID mode features a heavy RPG influence, something akin to what's seen in Monster Hunter and other action RPG's. Players have a RAID level, any characters they use deal and take damage based that level and the level of the monster they're interacting with. As you face more advanced environments, the enemy level increases. As a result, you'll deal less damage while taking more damage.The RPG influence on RAID mode goes even further: weapons have levels too and you'll need to grind for more levels and better weapons (you can't level up your weapons) as you progress through the different environments. You'll also have to buy items and ammo to supply your runs on each map. The whole mode provides an action RPG experience that, in my opinion, is overall superior to the usual Mercenaries mode. But I'm not a fan of being bound to stats, since the rest of the game is really about resource management and reaction time.If you like Resident Evil, then you probably won't mind paying full price for this game. Othewise, you might want to get it at a discount. Finally, I'd say that Resident Evil Revelations is not the game fans claim they want, not yet. But if future installments take inspiration from Revelations and continue to place horror first, then at least we're headed in the right direction."
76561198043461585,Recommended,222480,10348665,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,monkeylords,"This game is amazing! The great story kept me on the edge and this game brings back the horror aspects of Resident Evil. Can't tell you how many times I got jump scared. However, although the story is great, the ending was kinda stupid. But other than that this game will be replayed, more than once."
,Recommended,222480,10418902,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Luna Luck,"Every time I play this game I think of Resident Evil: Dead Aim but redone from scratch and with a far better storyline to boot. Fun game, difficult bosses and good sequel hook at the end."
76561198079101657,Recommended,222480,10422303,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,〖 『Bot User』 〗,"One of the best lag free game I had ever experienced, this game is worth the money to buy now and also has a great story to it. Don't forget to buy the DLC while it's on sale."
76561197978273353,Recommended,222480,14025070,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Marhados,Dont get me wrong I love this game but it is just broken. I liked the game on xbox so I bought it on pc to be able to play it at 60fps BUT There is stuttering issues which kill the mood. I mean everytime you get into it... the stutter will come back to annoy you. It is a big disappointment. It could be a good game but it isnt just because of this issue and there is no way of getting rid of it. Buying full price will makes you feel r4ped. This game is cursed. (Update) Geforce card fix it
76561198182650026,Not Recommended,222480,23662277,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,King Jerry Fish,"This game's story is absolute trash. The plot twists are predictable as ♥♥♥♥ or just plain stupid.If you're looking to shoot zombies, this game isn't for you either. Your main activity will consist of walking through empty hallways hoping to find a zombie to kill or tediously looting lockers for ammo. Killing a zombie never feels rewarding, since their death animation is total garbage, and for some reason there's close to no blood-splatter, regardless of your weapon. The boss fights are unoriginal, and barely require any skill or stratey, just a lot of ammo.The worst part is that this game completely misses the mark when it comes to horror. Throughout the whole game, you have a literally useless follower tailing you, which completely breaks immersion, and the zombies have♥♥♥♥♥♥AI that allows you to kite them for days.The raid mode is equally disappointing; you get to shoot a few more zombies, but it's really similar to the campaign gameplay. And there's no one playing raid mode online, so don't even bother buying the DLC.The only good part of the game is Jill Valentine's rear. But even that gets dull after the first few chapters.DON'T BUY, NOT EVEN ON SALE! YOU'VE BEEN WARNED!"
76561198059036225,Recommended,222480,11213150,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,dont blink 182,"ONLY FOR LESS THAN 20$.........This Resident Evil is the closest to feeling like a classic RE game since code name verionica. the voice acting is terrible (fair warning),the plot is ok, the enemies are unique and have some varity. while playing you have to keep in mind this is a port from a ds game so dont go in expecting too much. if you are to get this game id wait for a sale because you wont get more than 8hrs tops out of this game.+classic feel-voice acting-short"
76561198041805182,Recommended,222480,11307191,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Shiva,Plenty of backstory. Plenty of plot. If you know what I mean.
,Recommended,222480,30011354,Posted: 18 February,all,OldManJason,Solid all around.
,Recommended,222480,29053750,Posted: 5 January,all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),"Resident Evil Revelations was originally made for 3DS so its not a big surprise that this supposed to be HD port of handheld Resident Evil game.and dont get me wrong - the game is actually as good as Resident Evil 6 with few interesting (and few stupid) mechanics so anyone who just want to play a third person shooter game gonna enjoy it for sure.But unfortunately as a fan of old Resident Evil games, Iam very disappointed by how repetetive this game is with a lot of backtracking (yes, old RE games also have backtracking but at least it wasnt as bad as here) and this latest Capcom's obsession with doing cutscene or waiting for loading map (like using elevators or specific doors) every ♥♥♥♥ing minute. Half of the game you dont even shoot the monsters cos you are too busy watching said literally filler cutscenes or swimming.-----------------------------------------The story is all over the place and as confusing as modern Resident Evil games trying to be - the plot will constantly switching betwen 5 different places, characters and times (and at the end its not even that interesting.) Characters are really shallow and they dont have much interesting to say in the whole game and the whole ""episodic story"" is really annoying, constantly doing the same thing:>do a crappy cliffhanger>show the stats and save options>show ""previously at Resident Evil Revelations"">now the story takes place in different place, with different characters and different timeOn beginning of the game its not a big issue but later on you will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with that so much when you realise how much this game is trying to deny you from any kind of gameplay.-----------------------------------------Does game have puzzles? Wait, what puzzles? Oh, you mean this ""minigame"" with moving wires that you gonna do like 6 times? Hard to call that even a puzzle cos it gonna take you 30 seconds everytime to solve it.-----------------------------------------There arent't many guns and even those are lacking anything special unlike other Resident Evil games where you could find grenade launchers or laser cannons.We have pistols, magnums, shotguns, smgs, sniping rifles and one shoot use, rocket launcher.There is few weapons per each type but those arent much different from each other, beside number of upgrade slots and very minor stats.Inventory is really dumped down when comparing to Resident Evil 4.You can have only 3 weapons at once and you can change them only at ""weapon box"".There is also very limited max ammo (you can increase it by finding special items), only healing item in whole game are green herbs (max 5 at once), 3 different grenades and no herb mixing. Also 3D map is really, really bad. You dont have full rotation control and it doesn't even tell you precisely your location in the corridor/room. You gonna end up keep looking at it just to make sure you are going in the right direction a lot of times.-----------------------------------------The main feature of this game are two things:>Unique scanning mechanicYou can scan enemies (both dead and alive) to get free herbs or scan environment around you to solve a puzzle (not really a puzzle to be fair) or get free items. Unfortunately its more like a bad distraction from gameplay, slowing it down even more most of time.>Weapon part system.Well this one is a bit more interesting. Almost every gun have more than one weapon upgrade slot, where you can insert different upgrades that you collected around the game (you can do that while using ""weapon box""). You can add and remove them for no cost so its encourage you to try out different things everytime. Upgrades arent really that special tho: most of them are very generic, like increase of clip, increase of damage, burst of more bullets per shot or bigger chance for stunning enemy.Too bad that 25% of the game you can't even use neither of those things.-----------------------------------------Another problem that I have with this game is how slow characters are moving making it really hard to strafe or avoid incoming attacks. Well, probably thats why there is dodge system. I see that many people are complaining about it - that its confusing, hard to use or just unresponsive.Let me tell you ..... thats a lie. The dodge system works very well and its easy to do - just stand still and move forward or do quickturn right before enemy supposed to hit you. Its very easy to use and to abuse, making the game very trivial. Dodge is very generous too - you dont have to even do it with perfect timing and many times you gonna dodge by mistake, cos you just wanted to actually move away and the game registered it as dodge.-----------------------------------------Enemy variety is really small. Lets see: common enemy that can only grab you, same enemy but with claws, same enemy but now he can shoot, suicide bomber, big one with instant kill hit, half-shark thing that hides in the water, typical RE dog, mutated fish, enemy using shield and good, old re-used for the n-th time Hunter (that is hands down, the most annoying enemy in whole game. Why? Cos he spend 90% of time jumping left and right so you can waste even more ammo everytime you try to shoot him. Like really, he sometimes do five jumps in row before you can actually even hit him - and they dont even have that much health, they are just annoying cos of those jumps).Heck, even bosses are weak.One is just upgraded common enemy that you can avoid (you can kill him for extra weapon part - you gonna meet him few times - whole concept of it is very similiar to Nemesis),second is also upgraded common enemy that you just outrun and shoot until it die,third is a generic ""I will charge into wall and you shoot me in my weak spot"" type enemy,fourth is half horde mode, half turret sectionand fifth is just typical Resident Evil boss (tyrant). I admit, its a cool looking fight that will test your dodge skills but nothing special about it really.-----------------------------------------Beside singleplayer mode there is Raid Mode. Nothing much to say about, its just cut out parts of the single player mode where you can play solo or with your friend. Its actually more fun than singleplayer mode but its not very long.-----------------------------------------Gameplay is really short (it would be even shorter if not all backtracking and cutscenes).The story is really meh with lame plot twist (""ups, this is the wrong ship"") , not even much of whole ""revelations"" going on in it if you ask me. Actually story gives you more plot holes and questions than answers.Its just generic, typical Resident Evil plot where you go to X place, do Y thing, kill Z enemy so I dont understand why Capcom is trying so hard to make it some sort of emotional movie/serial.I finished this game as fast I could, didnt enjoyed very much - especially with how cheap enemy placement is (enemies spawning behind you or behind corner giving them free hits) , terrible gunplay (most weapons, including shotguns, feels very weak, enemies wont get stunned that easy and like srsl - where's fun in using just 3 guns?) and boring in-game fillers.After playing it once, I dont have any reasons to play it again to be fair.I preffer to just replay for 10th time Resident Evil 4 with good, old ""inventory Tetris"" instead.At least I will have more freedom with choice of weapons there (same with upgrades)and the game wont stop me every few minutes to pull a lever and watch unskippable cutscene.I expected something better than Resident ""Less gameplay, more cutscenes and QTE's"" Evil 6.I got even more dull game with less, both enemy and gun varity, and probably the weakest monster design in entire franchise.I recommend it only to hardcore fans that just want more RE and people who love third person shooters. Anyone other - better skip it."
,Recommended,222480,10423312,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Psygo,"One of the best RE games to be release in a long time. The atmosphere is great, the monsters are new, and the story isn't as crazy as past title. Returning some sanity to the series. And multiplayer isn't terrible. So, yeah..."
76561197963648068,Recommended,222480,157622,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,sKorpion,finally an RE that feels like the original titles. good story and progression.graphics are NOT great. ported from ninetendo DS and it really shows.Character models are o.k.... everything else lacks detail.still a must play for Resident Evil fans ;)
,Recommended,222480,12191084,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,YouTube/Kire667,"Finally they made Resident Evil right. You don't get concrete feet while aiming. I can actually strife enemy attacks and dodge or quick turn 180. Move while aiming a sniper, handgun, shotgun, smg, p90, ak47 and so on.If I were to relate this to controls of other games it reminds me of Gears of War. Action and story similar to Modern Warfare 2.Well worth the $8 no doubt! Max your raid mode BP on stage 2 by setting your character level to 2 and bring a maxed out sniper rifle."
76561198063594153,Recommended,222480,26158887,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Squatting Mouse,"So straight up - my resident evil experience isn't huge.  I've played most of RE3, played a bit of 5 on the PS3 and completed 6 also on the PS3 in a co-op run.  This one feels the most like the Resident Evil games I was expecting.  Backtracking, scavenging for loot and some good atmosphere.  The writing is very RE which is to say over the top and great fun but not to be taken too seriosuly.  I enjoyed Revelations and will be trying RE2 in a co-op run as it has that available.Downsides?  The graphics show both its age and the fact we are looking at a HD port of what was a 3DS game origninally I believe but aren't so ugly you can't enjoy the game.  I'd recommend this one but don't buy the weapons DLC.  They're nice but for the campaign which was all I was interested of no use or bonus."
,Recommended,222480,3634607,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Running in the 90s,"Please buy this game if you want to try a modern ""classic"" Resident Evil experience. Keys with motifs and puzzles return, ammo conservation is actually something that must be done and the atmosphere is retained with narrow hallways. While only a side story which was scripted by Dai Sato of all people it has a lot more good going for it than RE6 which has taken RE into a direction that cannot be undone. If you own it on 3DS and are content with that version then fair enough - This iteration of the game does not offer all that much extra content and of course the 3D has been removed so you can't stare at Jill's♥♥♥♥♥all day but even so it is an RE game worth owning."
76561198082649591,Recommended,222480,29685399,Posted: 3 February,all,Anavel,ถือว่าเป็นภาคหนึ่งที่ค่อนข้างมีความหลอนมาก เมื่อเทียบกับภาคหลักในช่วงหลัง ๆแต่เนื้อเรื่องยังมีความมันส์เหมือนภาค 6 คือเน้นบู๊ ไม่เหมือนกับภาคเก่า ๆที่ต้องทำการแก้ปัญหาไปเรื่อย ๆแนะนำว่าใครที่เป็นคอเกมซีรีย์ Resident evil อยู่แล้วสมควรหามาเล่นมากปล.อยากให้จิลย้อนกลับไปผมสั้น เพราะตอน Re 3 จิล สวยมาก ๆ
,Recommended,222480,27825413,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Perc19,.
,Recommended,222480,391760,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Saint Satan,"I beat it on the 3DS but I bought it again because I love wasting money.  It's a really good game, probably the best Resident Evil since 4 but the ♥♥♥♥ing item scanner is god awful.  Taking an entire 2 points off for the alone.8/10"
,Recommended,222480,15682439,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Cojey,I only like this game because of the Jill Valentine battle suit mod.Just waiting on a facial mod for Jill to cover up all of that fakery!
,Not Recommended,222480,20157700,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,$ad Boy$@ skinhub.com,broken as ♥♥♥♥
76561198006168381,Not Recommended,222480,20071577,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,voodoo35355,I know this is a port...... but man is this awful. If it on sale and you have 10 to 15 hours to waste by all means go for it it will be worth the laugh...... or tears.
,Not Recommended,222480,15306968,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Amor Fati 117,"I'm not sure why this game was made, I would have rather they put their resources into making a PC/console Mercenaries game. The limitations of the 3DS hardware were more apparent when playing this PC port and overall I didn't like any of the new characters or the story. Mechanically it felt more rigid than RE5 as well due to hardware limitations. People claim it's better than RE6, but I find that hilarious when the whole game takes place on a ship or a snowy mountain and RE6 had BOTH those environments plus A COUPLE DOZEN MORE, and it was overall a way more ambitious and complex game than this. Mercenaries is also way cooler than Raid mode. I mean there's been worse RE games than Revelations, but I was really not impressed by it."
,Recommended,222480,25130337,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Shine,"nice game *.* , my favorite zombie game ^^"
,Recommended,222480,29801684,Posted: 9 February,all,Azrael,Fantastic Game and Story rich with twisted journey..Thrilling with survival is the key ..Cheers
76561198101208682,Recommended,222480,29888049,Posted: 12 February,all,Hennything Is Possible,"Great game in its time, however Raid Mode is dead now"
,Recommended,222480,12169568,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,*SPOILERS*Chris doesn't really die.
76561198054753308,Recommended,222480,20939482,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Invincible Loli,8===D/10
,Recommended,222480,11249941,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Rambo First Blunt,"Great game for those who want a mindless resident evil game.  I got it for 12 dollars on steam sale this summer, enjoyed it.    Its a mindless shooter with Jill Valentine's♥♥♥♥♥ I don't regret the purchase at all. I would say this game is probably worth about 20 dollars. There is this raid mode that from what i understand makes the game more replayable.  I didn't do it myself, but there you go.OK game, OK story,  cute protaginist."
76561198028214237,Not Recommended,222480,13354700,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,c14dog,"The story seems pretty good so far, and the characters are interesting. The controls are terrible though. They feel clunky and unresponsive."
,Recommended,222480,7485226,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,❤ ＴＥＬＦ-ＡＳＳ! ❤,"What's cool about this game is that the gun controls are really smooth, even if the movement controls arent. It's the Resi 4 System, you aim before you can shoot. The movement is slightly better than Resi 4, but moving while shooting is now a possibilty.The environments on the cruise ship are also really detailed, at the expense of some shoddily-hidden load times. This game goes back to the days of the incredibly-long-to-unlock-door variety of load screens.I know that I've barely touched on anything in the game, but this is all you really need to know about this game. It plays like Resi 4, and the environments look great.9/10"
76561198109615873,Recommended,222480,32887126,Posted: 27 June,all,tin81tin,"Funny game, don't regret buying it when is on sale"
,Recommended,222480,27847968,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Guib,"Best Resident Evil game since RE4! Scary, fun, cheesy the way we enjoy them!Plus, the Mercenaries mode is downright addictive."
,Recommended,222480,9335573,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Prospero666,Revelations is good. More like classic RE games than 5 and 6 which were just shooters with horrible quicktime events.Revelations has some old school warts also. Dated mechanics that feel out of place in 2014.8/10
76561198058043953,Recommended,222480,22135821,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,kandnm115709,"Resident Evil Revelations is a PC port of a 3DS game that was released on 2012. It's a disappointingly short game but still enjoyable enough at the discounted price I paid.It's core gameplay borrows heavily on Resident Evil 4 (RE4), some might say even better but that's up to the person playing. While it does have some horror elements in it, I honestly think it's not as scary as the previous entries. It rather focuses on action a lot more than survival horror and puzzle solving. Thankfully, thanks to the borrowed gameplay mechanics from RE4, shooting zombies (or B.O.Ws) has never been so fun.Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for it's story and characters. I think they're pretty weak, filled with obvious plot twists and lifeless dialogues.However, despite it's flaws, I still found it fun to play (though it has a very little replay value). Definitely recomended for RE fans.RECOMENDED: For RE4 fans and players who doesn't mind some of the ported 3DS game shortcomings.NOT RECOMENDED: For PC elitist who insisted in 1080p and 60fps."
,Recommended,222480,33378419,Posted: 8 July,all,Aurelucere,The best of the series!
,Recommended,222480,31029772,Posted: 8 April,all,Nullifer,"Great game! good story, good performance, fun gameplay. Crazy this originally came from 3ds"
76561197988448027,Recommended,222480,31029381,Posted: 8 April,all,Narg of Ypres,"A real throwback to the classic resident evils, an extremely good game. The story is good, the gameplay is solid, the camera is a bit annoying from time to time, but very good nonetheless, but the best part is: The survival aspect of classic Resident Evil is back, specially on harder difficulties."
76561198412343808,Recommended,222480,34437107,Posted: 23 August,all,OrionFayGaming,"Great Game, Great Story, Great Everything."
,Recommended,222480,24145818,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jão,"DIVINE COMEDY by  Dante Alighieri,"
,Recommended,222480,22390894,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,executeu,"Great Game - Highly Recommended - Love the Story - GameplayThe only Issue im encountering with some RE Games is the support issues -This one has issues sometimes loading, it loads but dark screen and it becomes frustrating as you try to fix it and you cant find the solution straight awaySome possible solutions :1) Run a diagnosis test and try it with different earlier versions of OS2) Run it through your integrated graphics3) Download nvidia geforce experience and change the settings to window mode"
,Recommended,222480,24164668,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Brootforce,"I haven't played this game for too long just yet so this is a review after playing a few hours into the game. This is not a classic Resident Evil game with zombies, this is a game crawling with BOWs and you should not expect a classic RE feeling when playing this game. However, I think this makes a really good spin off with good action, puzzles and an amazing story. This is definitely worth a try if you're up for a game that isn't 100% the first RE game."
,Recommended,222480,23791733,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Getcha' Pull,"Well, the game is good. Nice graphics and story. I recomend it to all Resident Evil fans. But this isn´t horror. It´s more like a shooter or an adventure game, with some jumpscares and gore. If you want an horror game don´t buy this. But still a great game and you won´t regret playing it."
76561198083182223,Recommended,222480,23671677,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX,why didnt have coop mood can tell me why ?
,Recommended,222480,12079410,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Mizu,"Being an old soul of the series since 1 was released and forever a collector, I was bound to obtain this game anyway.With that being said, I been through the changes from the very beginning.I can admit, that this gives me the vibe of the first few games and I take delight in it but the more I played the more I felt that this game was missing something, that thing that would have made this brilliant and worthy enough to be compared to the games that had been there since my youth, but sadly it falls short.Normally I'd make a witty review but I think this deserves a serious review.It's a great game for those who are not use to the older styling of the RE series but it is a nice game for all levels of players. If it's worth anything, play it for the story, it is amazing once you get past the first few chapters, it's rather compelling~I think this game has a lot of potential to finally not suck as much as the last few games have been coming out.So, I'd give it a 8 nyans out of 10."
76561198080572192,Not Recommended,222480,16879327,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Koodle0101,"This may be a decent game on it's own, but I'm reviewing this game from a Resident Evil fan's perspective. This game was a nightmare for me, literally. I could not force myself to play more than 15 minutes each time I try. It just doesn't have the same Resident Evil feeling that I get from previous RE 1-5. The style of the game is much different, the gameplay is weird, the monsters are weird, the story is weak, and they resort to a lot of 'jump scares' instead of the normal tension building or suspense scares. The only thing I like about this game is the graphics. This will be the first RE game I will not complete and I will go back to play RE 1-5 again. They're straying a bit too far away from the normal formula that makes the game what it is. Now it's becoming something else that we don't need, a first person shooter. This is what happens when RE meets Call of Duty or Battlefield. What next? Zombies/Monsters will know Kung Fu and have weapons as well so it'll become Tekken or Halo?Pros:- Good graphics.Cons:- Mainly jump scares. No tension building or suspense from previous titles.- Weak story.- Too much weapon and ammo. It's like Call of Duty meets Resident Evil.- No zombies. At least add some. Monsters are weird and some invisible... really."
76561198172427115,Recommended,222480,25278562,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MikeHunt64,"Its a good game nothing like RE6, if you like RE4 you will most likely have a good time"
,Recommended,222480,20033054,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,prophyz,"Clearly it is not a RE as the old school RE game, which has been happening since RE4.It's an interesting game, in some ways more than RE4, 5 and 6 combined. The story leaves much to be desired, but the gameplay is decent.It has its moments of suspense as the old RE, but that is not enough.Visually its quite inferior compared with the predecessors, but for being a port of handheld its not bad.The raid mode is very entertaining and addictive.Without going any further, it is worthwhile, but not at full price."
,Not Recommended,222480,12819831,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Open World Gfx Afficienado [sic],"The shooting mechanics feel very, very bad. That's killer in a game where the only two things you can do are shoot enemies and do boring fetch quests. It might be to encourage you to skip unnecessary fights, but ammo is never scarce enough for that to matter. It's not scary or interesting to play."
76561198086420959,Not Recommended,222480,10848277,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,10/8,"So aparently although the store page says so, there is NO COOP in this game. Big rip off as I did not discover this until after I purchased it."
76561197977540078,Not Recommended,222480,13514760,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Pepsi,worst buy of my life........... thought there was co-op and bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥game twice for me and a friend to play co op mode on
76561198141851438,Not Recommended,222480,18821572,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jack,"So yeah.. here it goes Resident evil 5/6 probably where much better because of the COOPERATIVE both games shared, Feeling was much better than have some A.I following you around. ""bought this game only because thought it gonna have CO-OP AFTER READ IT'S HAVE COOPERATIVE..ProsGood story mode1.Jill Valentine2.Chris Redfield3. Raid mode added after players went berserk bout co-op4.Jill's butt you can stare it all the timeCons1.A totally useless A.I probably only good thing IT can do is trow some phrases from time to time it look like the useless agent from resident evil 6 the one who plays the story mode with Ada Wong.2.Game doesn't have NO cooperative at all so steam FIX the mistake and remove the CO-OP from the page..3.Downgrade from Resident evil 6 with awesome CO-OP to totally SINGLE player game ""what is this ?! 2001 ?"" it's 2015 ffs4.Raid mode well... no any story in it no feelings no quests no shiiite... just counter strike with bots except that it's CO-OP5.if you are not hard-core-boiled-player i do NOT recommend this game or just get it ""otherway"" around if you fell me.Overall6/10"
76561198026363328,Not Recommended,222480,12534278,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,parm3san,"Very bland game play, annoying scanning mechanic very tedious. Dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,222480,11001875,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Diki_smalls,do not buy....
76561198096711337,Not Recommended,222480,18076823,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,belgrim,"Please do not listen to the positive reviews. This is coming from a big resident evil fan. Not only is this the worst resident evil game I have played, it is actually the worst game I have played. Ever. I keep trying to like it because I am a fan, but I can't. Are you walking by a dryer? A regenerator will come out of it. Are you walking by a closet? Don't worry a regenerator is actually waiting in it and will come out. They put monsters in the absolute dumbest spots I have ever seen in any video game. Do you need to unscrew something to get out of a room? Don't worry. A screwdriver is actually taped (yes I said taped) underneath a toilet seat. This is the dumbest game ever. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,222480,12315388,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,QoMSoL,"This game pretty much sucks. Don't buy it, it's a comedy game (seriously there are second sort gigglies in it), not even an action.No, it does not in any way follow the experience of first 3 RE games.No, there are no revelations in this game.No, the characters are not cool (except the old ones): redhead clown, bimbo, burger king and moron twins. NOPE!No, the guns are not new. Dumb upgrade system and 3 guns to use though the entire game (pistol, assault rifle, shotgun) everything else is useless.No, the plot does not make sense. I mean come on, a giant monster roams the sea and they're trying to save some red water from spilling over. The sea is freakin infected already, ok?! You can go home now, mission failed!No, the new features do not make this better. In fact the pull-out-the-scanner game every five minutes just blows.A true disgrace to the franchise."
,Recommended,222480,23633907,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,No0ne,"13 oozez out of 10.Apparently, CUPcom saw the fail of Cold Fear and thought to itself ""Here's an idea...""Hopefully, it will be the same with REVII."
,Not Recommended,222480,13810402,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Spruce Moose,no
76561197993446358,Not Recommended,222480,16539455,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TheOneTrueD,"This franchise hasn't a hard a shred og ""survival horror"" in ten years. Buy this game if you're into dumbfounded children's games, where the handholding is prominent to a point where you're basically just watching a movie. A bad movie at that, with washed-out graphics and frequent <60 FPS drops."
,Not Recommended,222480,22178593,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Lionarith,"Impossible to dodge. The worst control scheme i ever experienced in a game. Just a frustrating mess.Enemy design is interesting, but wasted on this game."
,Recommended,222480,15818826,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,eXcruciate,"Yay! More Resident Evil! I was very hesitant to buy this when it first came out knowing that it is a PC port of a Nintendo 3DS game, but I wanted it anyway because I love Resident Evil and it got mostly favorable reviews. The only thing stopping me was that it was $50 new for a Nintendo 3DS port, which sounded insane. That was May 2013 when it came out. 16 months later and the price is still $50 and that is one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen. First off, it never should have been $50 new and a ton of people voiced that concern in the forums. I have no idea how well the game sold during its initial release days, but I can only imagine that quite a lot of people withheld their money, and rightfully so. The game should only be $25 max because of the quality of the game. It is more generic than other RE games (4, 5, and 6) and the graphics are all horrible save for the character graphics are actually really good. But considering that it is more of a survival game than 4-6 are, especially considering that 5 and 6 are almost pure action games, is what makes it push its max worth in my mind to around $30. If it had the polish and AAA engine of 5 or 6, it could easily have been quite possibly the best RE ever. But that would take an entirely different game since this was ported from a 3DS game. For what it's worth, they actually did a very good port job. Capcom used to be the kings of horrible PC ports (that title belongs unanimously to Ubisoft now), but over the years they have actually been putting out very good ports. RE4 and 5 were ported horribly, but 6 is very well done and so are other Capcom games since that time including this one. The only problem is that when you port a 3DS game you are inevitably going to have poor graphics, and 3DS quality gameplay. The movement and controls are great, but when you fire into any enemy, it is noticeably generic and seems like you are playing a big screen 3DS game for sure. But the game is still a lot of fun and also goes back to the old find this key for this door, card reader, solve a puzzle, etc. So it feels more like a old RE game like 1-3. The weapons are all great and fun to use, and the Raid mode is a very nice additional game mode that has you re-running levels but in more of a arcade style and you can customize your weapon loadout and choose different characters. There is no combine herbs BS here, you just pick up herbs and use them as you go. That is one thing I never liked or hated, but could have done without, was the herb system of the games. This is a good change, but still RE6 has the best herb system imo. The cutscenes are almost all pretty good, but the ones with the guy with the nickname “Jackass” are just painful to watch because the character tries to be funny but it's like a white version of Urkel with a gun. I just want to punch him in the head every time I hear his voice. And like every other Capcom game in existence, they somehow manage to strike a perfect blend of cool cutscenes with good writing but horrible, laughable voice acting. Not one Capcom game exists with even decent voice acting. Capcom are the kings of serious cutscenes with voice acting that sounds like it was delivered by the characters from Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure. The biggest flaw with the game imo are the underwater parts, which take up about 2 whole chapters, maybe more. Swimming under water should not be in a RE game. The swimming underwater parts are way too long. The pressure of finding where to swim before you drown while stopping at points in between where you can swim up and catch a quick breath, does not introduce any new strategy in the game and requires no skill. It is just irritating and stressful. You can't attack underwater but you can push enemies off and not take any dmg, and you swim, and swim, and swim and it is pure ♥♥♥♥ing boredom at its finest. I would like to play RE please, not a crappy diving and swimming simulator.Although I'm a big RE fan, RE6 and all the other games I own kept me busy until just recently I got this game for $13. Well worth that price too. $50 like it still is normally? Lol. Catch it on sale for $20 or less. And please. no more underwater parts in RE games, thanks.7/10"
76561198070336077,Recommended,222480,12969577,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,mKOY,Good game.
,Recommended,222480,11247616,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Gatsu,"Revelations return to the more horror-style of older Resident Evil games. So far been a pretty great game, I like it a lot more than 6 which was a complete mess. But REV still doesn't quite capture the atmosphere that older games had, because there is still another NPC working besides you. Although most of the time they are quite useless in fights. Anyway, Jill also has a great♥♥♥♥♥which is bonus."
,Not Recommended,222480,16742994,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Snippets,"It is a 'good' (resident evil) game. It's very atmospheric which keeps the Horror. I don't want to recommend this game because the story and the gameplay were pretty bad (for me!). Jill is my most favourite RE character but that didn't make the game good for me (it usually does).If you're looking for a RE that has some horror in it, you can get this one.5/10"
76561198037593848,Not Recommended,222480,22751046,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,thomastevenson1,"This is a step in both the right and wrong direction for the Resident Evil series at large-the atmosphere is closer to what the older iterations of the series felt like, with dingy corridorsand a sense of threat absent from other recent versions of the game. It offers a nautical residentevil 'experience', for better or for worse depending on the taste of the player. There is a horrorof a sort here, but it is underused considering the setting and isolation of the sea.The controls handle well, but the fact you have to use the mouse to shoot, without being given the option to map it to the keyboard, is a massive drawback- Resident Evil 5 allowed you to do so in its own PC port, so it seems inexcusible to have it absent here. Otherwise, most of the other controls are no different from previous iterations. Being able to charge one's physical attacks is satisfying but it breaks up the frenetic flow of combat a little too much.The further lack of an inventory system again moves away from the crux of what has come to have been expected from the series; it feels too deliberate an attempt at distancing itself other games. In addition, the lack of variety in enemy types is also rather disappointing, although the designs of those included are suitably grotesque. The scanner, however, is one addition which I think works well, though it has teething troubles here from being typecast in a similar vein to the 'vision' mechanic present in recent Batman, Lara Croft and Hitman games.Altogether, this is a back-to-basics Resident Evil game, which it strengthened and weakened by this move, but its glaring flaws for me cannot be balanced by its positive ones. Go for the first Dead Space game instead- it is a more effective and streamlined horror shooter game."
,Recommended,222480,11221550,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Rhyzak x Revy,♥♥♥♥ing amazing 11/10
76561198021413202,Not Recommended,222480,14138264,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,rigorous,"Hi,well there is no much to tell about this episode of Resident Evil,actually I am a Resident,Zombie,Horror fan,and this is  just (((HORRIBLE))) Guys !!! Not recommended !!!!"
,Recommended,222480,12579459,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Biohazard X,Very sweet!
,Not Recommended,222480,25662349,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ZiYu,"Controls for keyboard and mouse suck. Story is not absorbing, the enemies are not well balanced. And I could continue, but I give up"
,Not Recommended,222480,20176446,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Elane»,Get the 3DS version. At least you can see Jill's booty in 3D
,Recommended,222480,9375050,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,killzone12,i really like this game
,Recommended,222480,30768760,Posted: 27 March,all,DexTer-Vendetta,คือตอนแรกที่เล่นเนี่ยผมรู้ว่ามันจะเป็นภาคที่ดีสำหรับผม และนั่นก็เป็นจริงภาคนี้คุณสามารถ เดินไปยิงไปได้ซึ่งเป็นการเพิ่มความสามารถที่ดี แต่ข้อเสียคือ แมพเล็ก ทางไปเยอะมาก 5555 แต่มันก็เพิ่มการสำรวจแต่ถ้าคุณหลงนั่นก็อีกเรื่อง เกมส์นี้ต้องยิ่งส่อง ส่องเยอะๆ เพราะของไม่ได้ดรอปจากพวกติดเชื้อแล้ว9/10
76561198065999069,Recommended,222480,18075506,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,The Centipede,Best since RE 4.
,Recommended,222480,13460503,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,CnB|H3R3T1C,Way better then RE6!
76561198286840119,Recommended,222480,22317610,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,pinteamihai463,super ok
76561198116254829,Recommended,222480,33248770,Posted: 4 July,all,Пiпетаilеdfбх,"Finished it, but hard RE"
,Recommended,222480,28425292,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,OK,Good game
,Recommended,222480,9197010,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,(--->>PrO<<---)۩۞۩HigHRaZeR[,SUPERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR FUN :)))))))))))))))))))))
,Recommended,222480,17198671,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,RELIGION OF PEACE,Its ok. Honestly the enemy design isn't creepy to scare many Resident Evil fans but a good game control wise. Not bad on keyboard + mouse but I personally stick with a controller for this one. Really lacks replay and has NO CO OP (other than RAID MODE).Get it on sale.
76561197975915991,Not Recommended,222480,18864285,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,DFLX,"TLDR: Didn't play single player (not what I bought it for). From a technical perspective co-op is so broken it's not worth trying to play. Just search for ReR co-op issues (lag/desync), they're widespread.Bought it specifically for the co-op. First off, IT'S NOT campaign co-op. If that's what you want, look elsewhere. Co-op in ReR exists entirely in a new Raid Mode, and if you're thinking it's anything like mercernaries, it's not. It's almost like playing campaign co-op but without any story whatsoever. It simply drops you in an area and you start moving through  killing stuff. It has persistent leveling and tons of guns/gun mods that can be unlocked with the points you get from the levels. It actually seemed really neat (particularly some of the gun mods, huge variety, some really neat stuff) HOWEVER... crippling performance ruins the entire experience.There seem to be massive network problems with the game, it almost feels like you're constantly having massive lag spikes. Your partner can run halfway through a level, but on your screen they will still be standing at the beginning. Every once in a while the game will update your partner's position and you can get a general idea of where they actually are. Oddly enough it seems to register all actions pretty well, so even though I can't see my partner move, he can still shoot at enemies and I can still see the damage that he's doing to them... It's just that from my point of view my partner is hitting the enemy through walls and whatnot. The whole experience was really bizarre. Searching online for ReR co-op issues shows we're not the only ones having problems either. There seem to be technical issues going back to the game's release that have been completely ignored by Capcom. Saw mostly positive reviews on Steam but very little feedback on the multiplayer, so I thought I'd get this in."
76561197962830590,Not Recommended,222480,19323508,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Manly PMS,"Says co-op, but that's just some crappy raid mode. Garbage."
76561197989410159,Not Recommended,222480,12103394,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Instigmata,"Expected cool multiplayer coop, got run-around-shoot and click f on doors 6/10"
,Not Recommended,222480,12112460,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Sera,"It is indicated as ""Co-op"" multiplayergame...If u have ever played Resident Evil 5 - u will be VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!This game is far less fun - far more linear, with less suprises, fun, 'n stuff...AND THE WORST THING: THERE IS NO CO-OP-CAMPAIGN (!!!!!) - just the ""Raid-mode"" which need to be unlocked by playing the damn campaign ALONE... And this mode like the campaign, just with random-enemy-spawn - and everything cool is removed like cutscenes, special stuff, story and all the cool splatter-effect-stuff...Valve - Capcom: SHAME ON YOU! Before i buy another game which is called ""co-op"" i definitely read more reviews, before EVER BUYING A ""COOP""-GAME ANYMORE!"
,Recommended,222480,7627476,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,Bman400,And i would have gotten away with it too if it weren't for those meddling kids
,Not Recommended,222480,15145018,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Dick Machinko,"not fun, not interesting, and especially not worth your money."
,Not Recommended,222480,25383917,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,RepuTAYtion (rockworm),"Edit:  I decided to edit this review as it seems people misunderstood what I was saying.  This is barebones the most boring of the Resident Evil games this side of 6.  I guess thats the best compliment I can give this game that its not RE6.  When I say its a shooter with the RE name attached to it I mean its just a boring shooter with nothing going for it.  The constant retreading of areas.  The switching between characters, some of which were just extremely annoying.  The whole thing was painful.  I even got bored of that ""amazing"" raid mode everyone was raving about.  Compare that to Revelations 2 where everything is fun.  I'm already on a 2nd playthrough of that and am extremely addicted to Raid mode on that.  My problem with this game is that it was just boring.The story, the characters, the gameplay.  All of it is just boring."
,Recommended,222480,12108905,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Inquisitioner,"Scanning simulator 2012There's nice butts and occasional shootings, so can't complain..."
76561198374233287,Recommended,222480,33257187,Posted: 4 July,all,KrissLim,worth it
,Recommended,222480,32324236,Posted: 10 June,all,Apriarcy,Meh/10Good not great.
76561198087337981,Recommended,222480,19789937,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,anemal606,NO LOCAL CO-OP!.   its the only reason I bought the game.  other then that its a typical RE game.
,Not Recommended,222480,9667844,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Mr. Fury,"The story was extremely choppy and inconsistent.  The voice acting was terrible.  The mechanics range from ok to downright awful.  I found myself wondering if the BSAA should add a sprinting course to their training.  Not a game I would like to revisit, and not a game I could recommend for anyone else.It's a shame too because I have always been a fan of the RE series."
,Not Recommended,222480,15275263,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Solid Lore,"Feels like a port from a handheld console. The game isn't ""back to roots"" as people keep describing it - it's just clunky."
,Not Recommended,222480,10420069,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Gonads,SUCKY BALLS -  is not coop for the campaign and you have to play the campaign to unlock all the coop. Was also pretty guff generally.
76561198053844197,Not Recommended,222480,11074801,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,who ha 32,CAN SOME ONR TELLME WHY I AM ONTH LAST CHAPTERBEFORE THE FINALLY BOSS WHY JILL KEPT DYING FOR NO REASON YOU HAVE GET APASS WORD CODE FOR CHRIS THERE IS A MONSTER THAT BREAK GLASS WHERE THE LASER PART IS IT GET FLOODED JILL HAS TO GET OUT BEFORE SHE DROWNS BUT WHEN THE BUT WHEN I GET STARTED SHE INSTANLY DIES AND CAN NOT COMPLETE CHAPTER I THINK ITS BUGGED DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS WORTHLESS BOUGHT IT WHEN IT WAS ON SALE
76561197970767993,Not Recommended,222480,17729942,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,dumleo,No co-op
,Not Recommended,222480,12304789,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,LeetCreme,"Resident Evil Revelations is another step in the downward trend of the Resident Evil franchise. The fact that the HD version came out after the sixth installment is what makes it seem better than it actually is, because frankly anything is better than Resident Evil 6,The setting is appropriate for a horror game, having been explored previously in the series with Resident Evil Gaiden and Resident Evil Dead Aim. One cannot criticize this story without doing so for the other games in the series because it's just as silly as the previous games, albeit without any of the charming character of Resident Evil 1 or 4 (both directed by Shinji Mikami, coincidentally).It's a shame that they had to complicate such a simple story by going back and forth in time making the player control a variety of characters, most of them unecessary, a consequence of Capcom's decision to incorporate co-op or AI partner all the time. What ends up happening is that you have lots of names, throwaway characters and  a breaking of pace as a result of playing out irrelevant events in the story (playing as Chris in a boat to show him boarding the cruise ship for instance).The gameplay is a step forward from Resident Evil 5, and a more sober affair than the mess that is Resident Evil 6's combat system. You move and shoot/stab and can occasionally stun an enemy to perform a high powered physical attack, which is satisfying. Less so are some of the enemies with instant death kills, which are a little cheap, but it's nothing new for the series. The gameplay does become tiring though, because the enemies are designed as bullet sponges and are very repetitive. That's not to say the zombies in the previous games are not, but they were shorter experiences as well.Thankfully, the quick time events from RE4 and RE5 take a break in the game, being relegated to escaping an enemy's grasp and turning valves.Being originally a 3DS game, some of the geometry and facial expressions do look a bit basic, and some of the textures are not up to PS3/360/PC standards, but it's not a bad looking game, it looks on par with early generation graphics. It's certainly well optimized and runs better than Resident Evil 4 Ultimate, which is mind boggling.The difficulty of the game is balanced, but with some spikes that detract from the TV series approach and pace of it, namely in the boss battles that can be quite infuriating in the first tries. The Infernal difficulty mode is different from RE5's Professional mode but just as silly. Instead of overpowered attackers, the enemies become even bigger bullet sponges, turning the game into a brick wall, though it softens as one progresses and gets better gear. It's  a far cry from the challenging but fair Real Survival Mode of the 2002 remake, it's just pulling the bars to make it as unbalanced as it can be.To add to the longevity is the Raid Mode, which is a worse time waster than Mercenaries because it features levelling and each level takes way longer to complete, and the difficulty ramps up to where you need to grind quite a bit through the ship you're already sick of traversing and the enemies you're already sick of fighting from the campaign.It's a better game than what came after, and does many things better than Resident Evil 5, but it lacks character and importance in the overall series. For a game that's called Revelations, removing it from the story arch does no difference at all and makes it an entry that can fade to obscurity."
,Not Recommended,222480,14154277,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Helisium,"What an absolute piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's shameful what resident evil has become, this is why capcom needs to die.Score: 3/10."
,Recommended,222480,13515677,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Syntec,Jill's Butt 2 Stronk
,Recommended,222480,9323134,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,gangsta,great game!! ever
,Not Recommended,222480,12143881,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,bad1080,"bland and boring, not worth my time (especially on pc)..."
76561198004175983,Recommended,222480,33746370,Posted: 23 July,all,HunterSouls[PT],"This is a good game mix classic with modern interface game...I love the away the game go, campain is ok, but the raider is the gold of this game...i stil find people to play and you can add"
,Recommended,222480,12161425,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Kanzaki,"its fun, breathtaking"
76561197990642867,Recommended,222480,22933217,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,OniRobotics,Bodysuits and Monsters
,Recommended,222480,9301022,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Schrödinger's Cat,Best RE game since RE3.
76561198010305959,Recommended,222480,7774532,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Ez2game,amazing game
,Not Recommended,222480,25181495,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,< blank >,"so i got this game on sales .. the gameplay is not that good, but acceptable, the evade system is horrible .. the way how story goes is meh, some doors won't open until you reach the objective for them in campaign, they just make you go back and forth back and forth until you just want to frag yourself to death .. multiplayer is raid mode and not included in campaign as your partner like the RE6 .. your partner in campaign is just useless, he shoots all the time but he doesn't kill or do any damage (maybe he's there so you don't feel alone and get scared hmm) ... don't get this game unless you are a hardcore RE fan and you just wanna play them all no matter how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ they are .. just for the love of god bring back the RE with Zombies and puzzles and quit making crappy BOW creatures cause they suuuuckkkk"
,Not Recommended,222480,12102513,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,"Tiny Tina, The Bright Wizard",No Co-op Campaign.
,Not Recommended,222480,14172041,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Crayons,"I figured I'd give this game a shot because of all the postive reviews and I was in a RE mood since I just bought the remake, which is a classic and one of the best survival/horror games ever made. This game is not at all like that and it literally made me seasick within two hours. I've pretty much avoided RE since Outbreak because of how bad I heard that this series has become and now I've finally been able to experience the pain that everyone has expressed. This isn't a step in the right direction, but rather a step in the mud only to trip and fall face first in cow♥♥♥♥♥♥If only Capcom spent as much time as they did on t!ts and @ss towards making a decent game, we would be in a much different situation. These panty sniffers should just stick to hentai because they're clearly not meant to be in the gaming industry. They've destroyed DMC, RE, Street Fighter, Dead Rising and anyone's pocket book that still supports them. Hopefully, these d-bags will put what money we've given them towards HD remakes of the old games instead of wasting time on creating more junk.-Boring-Repetitive-Ugly-Waste of time and money"
,Recommended,222480,979238,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,friendship,That booty has no business being that big.
,Recommended,222480,30941963,Posted: 4 April,all,DivineDivisionz,This game got me.. really really got me#teamjillandchris
76561197969183029,Not Recommended,222480,8626255,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,DragonNOR,"The game is a terrible console port.Textures are of a laughably schizophrenic resolution, the controls are frustratingly clunky and the story is stupid even for resident evils standards.Several times I caught myself wondering why I was still playing the game and I'm just glad I bought it on sale.Steer clear of this game even if you are a fan of the series.If I were to use a rating system I'd give it 3/10."
,Not Recommended,222480,9838137,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,✪ -Jinxy,its just so bad..
76561198083148911,Not Recommended,222480,10260748,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Adriangordon,this game sucks donkeys♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970538611,Recommended,222480,25127933,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Westenra,You can STRAFE.In a RESIDENT EVIL GAME.10/10
,Not Recommended,222480,25032507,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,moosigha,Not really CO-OP as it is advertised. CO-OP is not for the main campaign...
,Not Recommended,222480,18801494,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,PotisMan,"Don't buy, there's no coop in the campaign...."
76561198156060583,Not Recommended,222480,24232079,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,darkdaved,"I cannot hate against this game enough. While Revelations 2 was pretty kick♥♥♥♥♥ this game is hours and hours of abuse on the player. It's the first horror game I've played where YOU CAN'T RUN. The dodging sucks dog butt too. You move so f-ing slow in this game while everything against you is super charged. Half the time you can't even get a quarter of a rotation before the thing you were turning to shoot at is on you and killing you. You're set up to fail in this game and have to fight programmers, not monsters, to beat it. And just to make it even more fun, while you sometimes have an ally to fight, not only doesn't the AI recognise them in the slightest, they don't help you in battle. They shoot, but it doesn't damage them. So you have NO advantage, while everything else has cheat codes against you. So to speak.After 12 grueling chapters of the same scenery, sloppy, chopped up storyline that's almost impossible to follow and the promise of the end of the game given and taken away so much you wish it were on a CD so you could yank it out and break it, they give you the final boss...The final boss is 100% invulnerable until he disappears and reappears next to you and just off to the side of you. remember what I said about extremely slow movement of the character? You have to move QUICKLY to hit the heart that suddenly opens after he reappears and attacks you. If you are 100% perfect, it doesn't hurt him in the slightest. If you do, he doesn't strike you and staggers back a bit, but good luck at being able to do that more than a handful of times before the change happens.With the change, not only does the boss disappear and then reappear where you are almost guarenteed not to be able to shoot him, but he can now suddenly clone himself. You have a split second to choose which one is going to open up their vulnerable spot, which is only open for a second or two tops, before they strike you with hits that, even on the easiest more, wipe out most of your health in just one attack. Did I mention you are limited to a very small number of healing items?Also, don't tryin putting distance between yourself and the Dynamic Twins of Extreme OP. They don't even need to touch you to kill you. you can be on the other side of the room and they just need to slap one of their baseball mit looking hands into the ground and you drop, take a good chunk of damage and have to mash A, (if on a controller) for about 20 seconds before they will let you stand. Which gives the split body super-boss plenty of time to come over and beat you to death.I don't mind games that offer challenges. I actually like games that offer challenges.But when I need a freaking PhD in game mechanics just to get past a boss, I have to say F*** this game.They made this game to punish the players, and made them go through 12 boring, unchanging chapters of frustrationbefore the biggest turd was dropped."
,Not Recommended,222480,31528910,Posted: 3 May,all,★*•.✩Millenna✩.•*★,"i thought it wasn't possible to make a RE worse than the 6 seems i was wrong, i didn't enjoy playing this game it was a torture, bad graphics bad control bad story, only good thing about this game is i get it for less than 5$"
,Not Recommended,222480,25048891,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,qhanson01,I bought this game and played it once after install when I shut down my laptop and went back to try and play it I just get a black screen nothing happens. A very annoying purchase. I tried to uninstall and reinstall several times and I was never able to play it again. Good thing I got a discount but still a waste of my money. I remember it being a good game.
76561198155919407,Not Recommended,222480,31023345,Posted: 8 April,all,RayTheTree,"[This is a tryhard review because of my extreme boredom and dislike for this game. I have nothing to do and I want to waste a half hour. Enjoy.]Revelations is a disappointment in the Resident Evil genre especially after masterpieces such as 4. It lacks the atmosphere, scares, and, especially, gameplay that the previous titles have presented.PROS:- Controls are fine.- Good graphics for it's time.CONS:- Only atmospheric for the first 20 minutes, then it's a matter of walking around the map with no fears.- Enemies, sounds, and music just isn't scary.- 1st boss of the game is literally impossible to new players and will turn many off from the game.- The gameplay is boring and consists of running back and forth with occassional enemies.- The map (that you run around) is impossible to navigate causing players to get lost.- The map (like the radar in the menu) is 3D and impossible to navigate causing players to go the wrong ways.- The story is BAD.- No secret treasures.- There is no shopkeep :(.- The game is overpriced. (currently $29.99)- Originally was supposed to be a 3DS exclusive game. Now I see that it's not meant for PC.My selling point would probably have to be the gameplay. It's so bland and boring that you realize you could be spending your time better doing something else.EXAMPLE:Objective: go to the bridge on the ship*goes to bridge on ship* *kills like 2 guys*Objective: go get a key for the door*walks across map* *gets key for door* *walks all the way back to door*Objective: go to the communication room and call for help*goes to room* *communication system is broken*Objective: walk to [room name] and fix the communication system*walks all the way there* *fixes system* *walks all the way back*I like the RE franchise but this game is just so bad especially for being newer. I can't completely judge it, (although I kinda just did), since I have not fully completed it. HOWEVER, I have played enough to the point where I can write an honest review about it. It is bad and I don't plan on finishing it soon. If you're still looking for a great game in the franchise, Resident Evil 4 is the way to go."
,Not Recommended,222480,28881701,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Gwapingto,Flawed aim and dodge system. Just finished the game for the purpose of knowing the story.
,Not Recommended,222480,27913344,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Patriarch,Easily the worst RE game I've ever played. I don't understand why this game exists.
76561198003428784,Recommended,222480,8890282,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Nroc,"Much better then RE6, but is lacking visually because it is a port from the 3DS and its still more of a shooter. The story line is decent, ther are deffinalty a few moments that dont make a huge amount of sense.  But if you are craving resident evil thisis the best gmae that has come out in a few years."
76561198008794033,Not Recommended,222480,25248081,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Xiao Feng (SG),Could not play on Win 10.Brought the game and left it to rot instead zzzzz
,Recommended,222480,15831289,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,V4lle95,its good resident evil game
,Not Recommended,222480,25085296,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Xtain,"Definitely scariest game I've ever played. It crashes every few minutes, sometimes fail to completely open at all. 10/10 spooky haunted computerJokes aside though, once you actually get the game to start, it's pretty amazing. Sure, controls feel incredibly clunky at the start, and it almost feels like you're navigating a tank. But I suppose that 3rd person degree inflexiblity retains some hint of its origins as an arcade game. After getting adjusted to the controls and the mechanics, the game actually becomes enjoyable, and forces one to manage resources efficiently. It is definitely a survival horror. Beyond the story mode, raid mdoe offers a whole new dynamic to the game. Instead of struggling to scrape together bits of metal for a bullet, one can purchase equipment at the ingame shop using BP earned from story mode missions and raid mode. Raid missions offer a more intense, ""arcade"" style of a zombie shooter - players rush to complete the map in shortest times possible and without taking damage for achievements, etc, and a whole host of characters are available to choose from, with each character boasting their individual skills to augment your zombie slaying abilities. Pretty good, but not a recommended purchase at all unless during a sale, and definitely do not recommend any add-ons at all. They are all available throughout the game, and the ones you buy are going to be weaker than the ones you can obtain in game by degrees. It falls short in areas of player control, and since that is going to pretty much be a persistent issue throughout the game, it is not entirely recommended. It is, however, much better than the non RE Rev games. So comparatively would choose Rev over the non Rev ones if you're going to buy a RE game anyway"
,Recommended,222480,25162369,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Abathur,"It's a bit less exciting compared to the rest of the Resident Evil games I've played, but stil lives up to it's name. Not many problems with the game itself, probably the least problematic Resident Evil port to this day. Character controls are a bit sketchy on the sides but nothing serious.I'd recommend buying if you are a Resident Evil fan."
,Recommended,222480,22361059,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Pedro from Peru,liek
76561198018446175,Recommended,222480,22861451,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,COM/RED,Instant Buy! :)
,Recommended,222480,23576609,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mountaineer,very scawy and spoopy gaem!
,Not Recommended,222480,12673890,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Malencio,"I played this game all the way through a few weeks after beating Resident Evil 4 for the first time.Pros:- scarce ammo and limited weapons added to the horror atmosphere- genuinely scary at times- challenging!Cons:- scanning mechanic is just god awful in my opinion- weapon upgrade system blows... HARD- confusing map system- most of the game is backtracking through places you've already been- some portions of the game drag onIf you're looking for a game that fills the void in your heart that Resident Evil 4 left, don't bother with this game.  Honestly, I would rather replay Resident Evil 4 than play this again.  I would also recommend playing through the Dead Space series for the horror elements you crave with much better game design than this."
,Recommended,222480,14369110,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Unknown,"This Resident Evil is the simpliest amongst all I've played. It's as if developers were in a hurry making it: one physical attack for each character which can be charged, only one healing item - green herb which restores 100% hp. I also disliked new terrible appearance of Jill and Chris. I still recommend it because of the good story, and Raid Mode which brings many hours of gameplay, but even there you get crappy netcode+ dead online where people play only GS."
76561198216751252,Not Recommended,222480,25375832,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,cocomisu,"I don't recomment this if you are looking to play ""actual"" co op. This game only offer co-op in raid mode and not story mode. I first bought this to play story with boyfriend, then I found out. I ended up playing this solo with a stupid AI that don't exactly do anything...."
76561198109858979,Not Recommended,222480,25717390,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kalimonde,"A 7h long (max) and cheap game that can only be worthy on sales. 6.0/10Pros:It's kind of entertaining to explore it for the first time, but do not last longDecent Story, but undeveloped. New characters are interesting, but ruinedI love the idea of exploring a giant ghostly ship, pity it wasn't inmersed in an ocean (only darkness). Even in outdoor areas you feel trapped in a box.It led to creating RER2, which is a more satisfactory experienceCons:Poor Graphics (lazy devs did not bother much with anything other than dirty ship rooms). Claustrophobic does not meanChapters are riddiculously short (5 minutes wandering plus cutscenes wtf??)Revelations 2 is better in every aspect of the gameAfter credits scenes leave you with the feeling that the story is unfinished, but actually there is no follow upVeredict: this game with 4 more Chapters (13-16) and some more work on the scenography,  characters and epilogue would have been fine, but it falls short"
76561198057089717,Not Recommended,222480,32676123,Posted: 23 June,all,ryuthebeardy,"Despite hearing good things about this game, I can't say that I personally see it. From what I played; it seems to go for cheap scares and shoddy atmosphere along with a Resident Evil 6-esque control scheme which I didn't personally like. Although better than RE6 in terms of direction, I wouldn't recommend this title when you could easily get RE 1, 4, or 5 on Steam which are much much better than this."
76561197981048565,Not Recommended,222480,23256432,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Tenn,"Campaign mode:Plot's overly convoluted. Gameplay is awkward, but still fun. Episodic nature and multiple perspectives make the narrative less cohesive*.*every RE game has multiple perspectives, but they're less intrusive and usually much shorter.Raid mode:Waaay too long. It is both everything I wanted in the game and the worst part of it. Lots of RNG in the loot and the loot most useful for beating the bonus level only drops at the end of the bonus level. I played most of it solo, so maybe more social people would have a better experience with it."
,Not Recommended,222480,14691590,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,PaulDoymin,6/10
,Recommended,222480,29371483,Posted: 20 January,all,envoy23,boring and poor graphics but at least it works with controller
76561198166264141,Not Recommended,222480,29107487,Posted: 7 January,all,bennettogillespie,"Do you like busy work? How about cumbersome controls? Wait, you enjoy games that require you to revisit the same places over and over and over and over? Then this crap game might be for you.I've only spent 13 hours on this crap game, and about half of that was on this stupid final boss. The other half was spent going back to rooms I'd already been through. So I'm unistalling it. Ugh I wanted to like it, too. But the combination of: unecessary actions (it's one of those games where you have to ""press f"" to go down an effing ledge instead of the character just automatically going down, i.e.), unfathomable gameplay glitches (if the boss got close to me my gun would vanish so he couldn't be shot), pathetic map systems (they want to seem high-tech by being moveable, but you can't turn the ship (i.e.) all the way around to plan a route, so you're left guessing how to get certain places), and laughably trite storyline/dialogue (a SyFy channel movie would look Oscar-Worthy compared to this garbage), makes it maddening.I should say that this is my first experience with Resident Evil franchise, so I realize I'm complaining about characteristics of all the REs. most likely, but this is just unplayable. Not enjoyable. Waste of time. Boo."
76561198056186683,Recommended,222480,8862068,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,GuyOnAChair,"My review of Revelations 2 can be seen here.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/287290(YES Revelations is still active online for those only getting this for Raid mode)Back on the 3DS I came for the graphics and stayed for the gameplay. I was surprised to find that while Revelations was a handheld title it the best Resident Evil game of 2013 which saw the release of the terrible Operation Racoon City and the linear QTE riddled mess that was Resident Evil 6. Having beaten the 3DS game 100% I couldn't wait to be able to play it on my PC with more content, some slightly nicer visuals, a higher framerate and of course mouse aim. It delivered on everything I expected and a little more. First off, Revelations is insanley well optimized although considering it was first made for and released on the 3DS first it damn well should be. While my current PC was no slouch when I first picked this up (These are my current specs: A GTX 980 SC ACX 2.0, an i7 4790k Devils Canyon and 16 Gigs of RAM.) I've seen it perform very smoothly on a laptop with an AMD A4-5000 1.5ghz, ATI RADEON 8330m 512MB VRAM﻿ and 8GB DDR3-RAM with High textures and everything else on low.While the absence of the laser and third and firstperson aiming that was present in the 3DS release is a bummer the PC version still trumps it in every other aspect: The characters mouths now move ingame, the common ooze are now more varied in appearence sometimes having malformed arms, an extra enemy has been added, you can pick, choose and swap between different costumes for the main characters the story mode, the Ghost Ship stages in raid mode has been slightly overhauled with more enemies and different enemy placements, there are more characters and costumes for the said characters in raid mode, more variation in the stats for characters and their costumes and more weapon attachments. The game caps at 120 fps when you choose Variable and rarely if ever dips unless you are in an elevator (Which it disguises as the elevator rumbling) or a water lock, but in the context that this happens it's completley understandable seeing as you are still free to move around while it's happening and it's more of a loading issue than a general performance problem as the frame counter remains the same. One thing that I don't understand and that isn't really excusable is why the game doesn't allow 4k or provide non FXAA related anti aliasing.The audio quality and sound design in Revelations were already superb but what few sounds were compressed are now crystal clear. It's not quite on par with RE5 but asthetically Revelations it trumps it. It does noticeably increase the texture,shader and polygon count though in addition to removing a really ugly bit of water that could be seen out of a window in the 3DS version. It makes it look like what you think it looked like on the 3DS unless you really really squinted. It's also one of the few games where it feels rewarding to get aheivements as you are rewarded with awesome ingame unlockables like an infinite RPG for clearing the hardest mode without being hit. Give it a shot this game is great! I really didn't expect greatness when I first picked this up so that was a REVELATION in its own right, I can't say it's the best Resident Evil game without being super biased but I can say it's a great game in it's own right and one of the better recent entries.Oh yeah and then there's Raid mode which is basically it's very own games bundled in this one but there's too much in Raid mode for me to cover.My review of Resident Evil 5 (The product as a whole) can be seen here:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/21690Here's my review of Resident Evil 4.http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/21690My review for Resident Evil 6 can be seen here:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198056186683/recommended/221040"
,Not Recommended,222480,24639256,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Weeknd,"Camera angle is obnoxious, and game is kinda boring. If you haven't played it yet, grab the RE4 remaster here on Steam. Much better and a great game overall."
,Not Recommended,222480,29791107,Posted: 8 February,all,RedfieldxBJG,"After investing in completing all achievements for the Resident Evil Remake HD, Resident Evil Zero HD, and Resident Evil 4 HD..I figured not much would phase me. Resident Evil Revelations is too clunky. I'm just not into the engine, the controls, and the endless hordes. I'm bored, and when you invest 3 hours only to unlock 3 of 50 achievements..it seems silly. Disappointing purchase, sadly. Up until the boss fight in the Promenade area, at least the survival horror element was salvagable..but then comes the infinite enemy spawn. So disappointed, as someone who has been invested in this series since 1996."
,Recommended,222480,33717481,Posted: 22 July,all,Kraftakall,"Possibly the worst RE game up to date,Revelations 2 on the other hand is possibly the best, if you get the whole package.I still give it a thumbs up anyways since its RE"
,Recommended,222480,23303884,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Weezy,"Very good game, I honestly wasn't expecting it to be this good."
,Not Recommended,222480,8453791,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,☠W1NCH3ST3R☠,"Я разочаролван игрой. Разработчикам ставлю самую низкую оценку. Я как фанат обители зла играл, во все серии на всех платформах, во все части этой игры, и поэтому твёрдо могу заявить что 6 часть очередной ВЫКИДЫШ Капкома. Графика полная лажа способная удивить наверное людей в прошлом, как минимум 5 лет назад. гейм плей скудный, никакой свободы действий. Разработчикам удалось превратить шедевр в котором были загадки, мистика, и атмосфера ужастика в полное ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о... Капкому советую уволить всех своих сотрудников, они никчёмны. Мне жаль тех денег что я потратил на игру."
,Not Recommended,222480,30285472,Posted: 2 March,all,BHz,"i learned something today : just because the title says ""Resident evil"" dosent mean its gonna be goodthis game is so bad that they should announce it as mobile game"
76561198060020131,Not Recommended,222480,32300069,Posted: 9 June,all,tanner313,This game has a decent campaing but it is only single player there is no coop like it promises which is a big let down. Why even have the AI then?? I was a big fan of resident evil for the coop campaing the inventory access and resource managment and different loadouts and this had none of that. Very dissapointing.
,Not Recommended,222480,7816670,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ThunderStormSJ,"for me this is like resident evil for kidsCheap scare effectsI like the character Jill... fair enough and that's about it. Very disappointed with this game. The episodes (LEVEL) are so short. It's annoying that they switch characters every episode. The controls are so cheap. Overall, not good. It's not worth 29 pounds. One of the worst RE made. I don't have any complaints with the graphics but graphics is not everything for me. The mutants whatever you call it, the enemies are so cheap looking. I'd rather play the old games. It's so boring. It's not intense."
76561197970374960,Not Recommended,222480,8748808,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,U.B.C.S.Holygus<Qc>,WHERE ARE THE ZOMBIE   WTF
,Not Recommended,222480,12783118,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,stickler,If you enjoy walking slow and looking through a green filter scanning things then this is the scanning simulation you would want. You can literally scan the entire game. I would of thought this was Scanning♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator 2014 if Resident Evil wasn't slapped on. I heard it was like the original Resident Evil's like 1 and 2 but even they don't have green filter scanning. I recommend shooting yourself in the head after you scan it in a mirror. SCAN SCAN SCAN SCAN.
,Recommended,222480,10419979,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Tuong,"Resident Evil® Revelations returns redefined for PC complete with high quality HD visuals, enhanced lighting effects and an immersive sound experience. This latest version of Resident Evil Revelations will also deliver additional content including a terrifying new enemy, extra difficulty mode, integration withResidentEvil.netand improvements to Raid Mode. Raid Mode, which was first introduced to the series in the original version of Resident Evil Revelations, sees gamers play online in co-op mode or alone in single player taking on the hordes of enemies across a variety of missions whilst leveling up characters and earning weapon upgrades. New weapons, skill sets, and playable characters including Hunk, take the Raid Mode experience to new depths.The critically acclaimed survival horror title takes players back to the events that took place between Resident Evil® 4 and Resident Evil® 5, revealing the truth about the T-Abyss virus. Resident Evil Revelations features series favorites Jill Valentine and Chris Redfield, plus their respective BSAA partners - Parker Luciani and Jessica Sherawat. The action begins on board a supposedly abandoned cruise ship, the ‘Queen Zenobia’, where horrors lurk around every corner, before players head for the mainland and the devastated city of Terragrigia. With limited ammo and weapons available, the race is on to survive the horror of Resident Evil Revelations."
76561197971050337,Not Recommended,222480,8261767,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Falcon*DS*,"If, like me, the latest instalments in the series have revitalised your interest in RE, then forget this one.  The graphics are abysmal, the gameplay is old school resi and the control system is limited.  This game would be fine if you were sitting on a train/ plane putting some time in on a mobile device or laptop, but don’t waste your time or money if you intend to play it on your mega gaming PC; you will only be so disappointed…"
,Not Recommended,222480,8642378,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DeadFuck,"I'm not sure yet, but I think this game may be terrible."
,Not Recommended,222480,8135942,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Reborne,Big let down.Can't play the campaign with people. (Co-op is in Raid Mode)Bad controls.Bad acting.Encounters that just don't feel like a resident evil game.
,Not Recommended,222480,8597015,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,All American Bad Boy,You have to try to be this mediocre
76561198018745391,Not Recommended,222480,9887586,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Kazansky,"Mouse and Keyboard don't work, have tried multiple mice and keyboards, none work.DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,222480,12714491,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Squid-Box,Revelations continues falling down the pit that RE5 tripped into.
,Not Recommended,222480,12577390,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,:·: Sophayz,wow this sucked i am so unbelievably disapointed. the control is awkward and annoying. you cant play coop in the campain only in the raid mode wich only allows you to play a couple levels  you need to unlock more while playing the single player campaing ... i regret spending money on this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥.... graphics are ok
,Not Recommended,222480,25580806,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ArrowGaming,"Tried for the life of me to get this game to work and believe me I bet it would be a pretty good game, but cannot get it to start at all."
,Not Recommended,222480,22538413,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,King Queso VI,cant do co op with my friend unless i do the extremely boring campaign.
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,222480,17230489,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Dustin,"I got this game to play co-op with my girlfriend. Jokes on me, there is NO F*CKING CO-OP!Sh*tty typical Resident SHITCOM Evil gameplay, besides Jill obviousley looking like a hot s*ut.F*ck the entire Resident Evil Franchise, f*ck you!1/10"
76561198051507769,Not Recommended,222480,26110600,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Knivesron,"Its not coop. This game is presented and upon first looks seems like RE5, full coop from the start, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t single player tutorial your forced to play first.This game has a raid feature that lets you coop sortof the first four levels, then you must play single player campaign to unlock more levels of the raid system. The raid system seems to have a different story (if any) and the zombies have different spawns. It feels like a skirmish mode type thing.Single player is set up much the same as RE5 with an ai following you and being annoying, BUT! you cannot make that ai a human player. Its crazy.If you have no friends and are a die hard RE fan, just buy re1 remake or any others. leave this game alone its a sad attempt at RE and it just makes me a sad panda. :(If you have friends... a friend, just one. then get RE5, its a blast to coop through."
,Not Recommended,222480,32284977,Posted: 8 June,all,ChaosPatriarch,"I dont recomend this game for 2 reasons that bored me and demotivated me to continue playing it: (1) The storytelling + dialogue is constantly filled with cliches (The typical woman who is taunting a man like Chris or the common evil villain who kidnaps you to teach you something instead of killing you). And (2) the combat, from my point of view, felt weak. You know what's weakier? The sound of your handgun while it's firing, you dont feel powerful firing it, you feel like a potato."
,Recommended,222480,23610718,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Finesser of Thots,I want to insert my penis in Jill's ass.
,Not Recommended,222480,9210703,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Mac,"I'm gonna cut this game some slack for being a port from a mobile console - the graphics actually don't look that bad for a PSP game, they did a solid job porting it. The atmosphere and the new character Parker also give a nice, eerie introduction to the ship that the majority of the game takes place on.And that's about all I can say that's good about this game.I cannot fathom why people said this game was better than Resident Evil 6 - the gameplay is watered down (PSP port, okay), the voice acting is dull, the story is uninteresting and lacks focus much more than Resident Evil 6 did. And the worst part is the character design. If you thought Jill's catsuit from Resident Evil 5 was bad, wait till you see Rachel and Jessica in this game. Just google those names under Resident Evil and you will see what I mean.Point is, don't get this game. Even if you don't mind sexualised character design, there is just nothing good on offer here."
,Not Recommended,222480,12414345,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,NeoRizer,"Alright where to begin with this mess. It's a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port of the 3DS version of the game (which is even worse than this, so thank Capcom for porting it... I guess?). There's higher resolutions and gameplay changes to Raid Mode so players can't expoit the lewt drop system... but it doesn't stop save editors and trainers... so the point of that was? What exactly? Waste time? Yeah... sounds like it.The plot is contrived and stupid... the twists to the plot were obvious so there's really no *gasp, SURPRISE!* moments. If you've been following Resident Evil up until now then you'll be pleasently surprised that you and non-fans are on the same page... I dunno where all these extra characters came from but they suck balls and lack personality. I was lost right from the get go and I'm a huge RE fan... back when RE was RE any way... like the first 4 games.There's just too many new faces in this game and it makes me feel like I missed some game that was unreleased. (which I didn't because there is no such thing) These events are supposed to take place between Resident Evil 4 and 5 but they don't do a very good job of explaining how Jill and Chris wound up knowing these new characters or how they got in to the situation they're in... they kind of just banter back and forth between all the bullet spraying about a time they took a trip in Aspin together... or some trivial♥♥♥♥♥♥like that.It's a bit confusing and made me feel detached from the plot. I figured this game was going to stick closer to the roots of Resident Evil but it's just as bad as Resident Evil 4 for missing the point entirely. Instead of fighting Spanards or African's you fight Crab People and other mutated sea dwelling crustations... oh yeah, and wolves... because you know, they have to have some kind of canine enemy in the game to trick people in to thinking they're playing a Resident Evil game. Still hanging on to the original dog jump scare from  RE1, I see, Capcom?The game is stale and drab the entire way through, enemies are more annoying than ever to kill and require you to learn the dodge system or get locked in to a one hit kill death... pretty obnoxious. Also I've never seen more annoying enemies that have weak spots on their back side and require you to learn a ridiculously long move set in order to get a 3 second opening.Hunters are back... yay? Not nearly as intimidating as before... in RE1 a single hunter meant about a 70% chance of death if you didn't have a magnum handy... In this game you fight groups of 3 or 4, no issues... it's the action portion of these newer RE's that make my♥♥♥♥♥♥soft. If I wanted to play Gears of War, I would do so.Alright on to the multiplayer, it's non-existant for the campaign (I guess that's what Capcom meant by going back to the ""roots""... because I see no other resemblance to previous RE games) so grab a friend and head in to ""Raid Mode""... A mode designed to bore the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. You run small gauntlets through fragmented sections of the game with a static set of enemies, always positioned the same way until you memorize not to get hit and make sure you kill everything... sounds like fun? It's not.If you're not communicating then expect drop outs during a 20 minute long mission with randoms. (good luck finding anyone who plays this mess now) There's 20 Levels with 3 difficulties all of which must be completed to unlock the bonus stage.The bonus stage is about a 40 minute romp through the entire ship where you have to fight the end boss, twice, once in normal form and once in uber form if you're on level 50... so you can, you know, get the ""best drops"" talk about redundant and unnecessary...If you hit level 50 and beat this final level... why would you need better drops? Fail design on Capcom's part... It's already ridiculously excessive and grindy just to get to this point, then tack on more grinding without the leveling and what do you get? Heart disease... that's what."
,Not Recommended,222480,8186832,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Neil Breen banana,"Fun, probably worth about $5"
,Not Recommended,222480,8352823,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DT_Rick Sanckez,stay far far away. this is the worst pile of trash i have ever played. seriously WTAF capcom.
76561198076579707,Not Recommended,222480,23675275,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Culb³,Mediocre for the Resident Evil franchise.  Didn't want to finish it.
,Recommended,222480,14794439,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Grenadeh,"At it's core, Revelations is basically an experiment for Capcom. They tried to do something different than what they've been doing since RE4, and it paid off. While there may not be zombies or traditional B.O.W.s in this game (other than so many dozens of hunters) it is the closest thing to a classic Resident Evil title in years.Revelations covers the initial days of the BSAA and shows some of the events preceding Resident Evil 5. Evidently the world is in a state where they can build solar powered cities that float on the sea, but not stop making bioweapons. The story revolves around solving the mystery of how BOWs keep showing up in the area with ties to the terrorist organization that got the city destroyed. Obviously, this leads in classic RE fashion to an overly complicated environment - a cruise ship which frankly looks too Spencerian and not remotely like a vacation cruise ship - that, of course, houses a secret bio-weapons research lab.In addition to the lab, almost all of the new ancillary characters are revealed to be double agents or traitors, continuing with the trends of RE, and are working for a mysterious organization or for themselves. Thematically, Revelations really is about as close as possible to the older games. It also has plenty of horrible characters and character dialog - between Jessica's forced attempts at appearing sexy to players, Quint and Keiths ridiculous ""Internet nerd/black guy with a life"" cliches, and Raymond and Rachels haircuts - What the actual f? - the cheese level is easily higher than RE1.There is no co op in this game's campaign, either. You are on your own. Rarely ever will your AI teammate be anywhere near you and when they are they truly will not be helpful. As for environment, Capcom did a pretty decent job. Again the cruise ship looks nothing like a cruise ship and it's ridiculous, but what it does is emulate the claustrophobia and grandeur of the Spencer Mansion.In addition to the only true Resident Evil plot in years, Revelations also of course contains raid mode.  Essentially, raid mode is Diablo 3 with guns and third person camera. You just play through the campaign levels on varying difficulties, and kill enemies to get new gear and points, but its still quite fun.Although stunted by having been originally developed for 3DS, Revelations is the closest thing to a Resident Evil game since Code Veronica, and does an admirable job of blending both the new and old styles of gameplay."
76561198055717526,Not Recommended,222480,25200377,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Flintu,do not buy it
76561197970594689,Not Recommended,222480,34437823,Posted: 23 August,all,ken,"Terrible controls.  I mean *really* bad.  You go around blind corners hearing the monster is there, but you can't see him yet.   You go throughy a door, the door closes behind you.  You right click ot sight down the pistol, and the game can't decide if you're sighting or not, so the pistol raises/lowers about 50 times a second.  You click the fire button as fast as you can, but the fire rate is capped.All told, avoid this at any price.  I couldn't stomach more than about 10 minutes of this rubbish."
,Not Recommended,222480,33570470,Posted: 15 July,all,DeadnCryin,"i never played a worse resident evil. go get The Evil With In, its more resident evil than resident evil."
76561198057954780,Not Recommended,222480,26312573,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Blaze Rhodon,"I don't recommend. This game is bad port from Nintendo 3DS (handheld console). Controls are bad and also graphics are worse than in Resident Evil 5 (graphics in RE5 was nice but Resident Evil Revelations was released later than RE5), game looks blank and ugly. Gameplay is also bad, mouse is oversensitive while looking around and other controls like throwing grenades are delayed. Story and levels also are not very sophisticated, they are boring and we have to fight with the same enemies all the time. This product is highly overpriced, I bought it in Haloween discount and even then I think that I overpaid. I tried to refund this game but unfortunately gameplay time must not be longer than two hours (it is sick IHMO because two hours is too little to experience game enough good, at least for experienced players like me). It is example that fact that game has very positive reviews does not mean it is good and vice versa (I enjoyed some games with most negative reviews). Also it proves that games should be created for PC in first place because PC is most powerful and flexible machine for gaming, porting games from handheld consoles does not makes sense because of hardware limitations, play exclusive PSP games on PPSSPP emulator on PC and you will see what I mean (I don't recommend Nintendo 3DS Citra emulator because it is in development) for example The 3rd Birthday, this game is similar to Resident Evil Revelations and suffers from the same issues (hardware limitations and clunky controls even if you use gamepad).By the way why at loading screen it is written ""Don't turn off your console""? Is it hard to change the inscription in loading screen? It would better sound ""Saving. Don't turn off your ♥♥♥♥ing box""."
76561197965779750,Not Recommended,222480,12338276,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Snake,"This is the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game iv ever played......res 5 an 6♥♥♥♥♥♥this game........stiff crap graphics with boring monsters, nice one..... cqc is bad....sound effects suck♥♥♥♥♥♥......an raid mode.......i could fall asleep on....who ever thinks this is a good game at all has issuses"
76561198325123898,Not Recommended,222480,25522515,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,vance,i even can not play this game!!!!!!
76561198051568453,Not Recommended,222480,34469093,Posted: 24 August,all,I <3 Aaron Kwok,round and round on a boat. i dont' recommend.
76561197960656224,Recommended,222480,10969859,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ACS,WAAAAAAAAY better then RE5 or 6. A real resident evil game.
,Not Recommended,222480,25596433,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HOLYONE,"Another Resident Evil game. This game could have been pretty good, but it is held back by repetitiveness, a weak story, dumb AI, and clunky controls."
76561198026158872,Not Recommended,222480,23276673,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mythalysis,Complete trash
,Not Recommended,222480,15844281,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Jonni,"This is the biggest waste of money I've made in years.Worse than RE6.Worse than RE5.Worse than FF13.Worse than Sonic 06.Worse than Rambo: The Video Game.I'm talking in general, not just from an action-horror point of view, this game is objectively horrible.As an action game, it's horrible.As a horror game, it's horrible.As a Resident Evil game, it's horrible.From a technical pov, it's horrible.The AI is horrible.The controls are below decent and feel alien.The story is only about average between Chris and Jill.And DO NOT even f***ing get me started on that God damn scanner.F*** this game to hell. Don't ever buy it."
,Not Recommended,222480,30538949,Posted: 16 March,all,catfish is my friendo,spooky gooey dudes that one girls♥♥♥♥♥is HUGE(ITS NOT CO OP YOU WONT HAVE FUN)
76561198055356332,Not Recommended,222480,31924334,Posted: 23 May,all,jeroldtickner,NOT GOOD AT ALL .FINISHED GAME IN ONE DAY.NOT AS GOOD AS ORIGINAL STORY LINEGAME TO SHORT. THIS WAS A WASTE OF MONEY. SOORY I BOUGHT IT.
76561198027016437,Not Recommended,222480,26144880,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,mckracken,"recent reviews are mostly positive? haha.this was one of the worst games ive ever played.the story CANT be written by anyone above age 13.the graphics look like from early 2000s.the gameplay is ""bored out of my skull"" bad.controls are for a resident evil, half decent. (meaning they dont totally suck)"
76561198000608773,Recommended,222480,11055871,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"Its uaa... its ok.Co-Op is its own thing and not related to the story, plus has RNG loot.So... theres that."
76561198025006821,Recommended,222480,3584329,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Fretbored,Pros:+ Good old classic RE atmosphere+ No annoying QTEs+ Improved textures for the pc versionCons:- Getting a game going with random people is impossible. You can't just jump in and join a game in progress. You have to join steam groups and message/add people to get a game going- Story and dialogue is B-movie quality but then that's a hallmark of the seriesPreferred peripheral: Mouse and Keyboard. Although moving the mouse left to right repeatedly to escape when you are grabbed is very annoying.Personal Notes:The first good RE since RE4. I love the atmosphere and I had a lot of fun playing this game. Raid mode is the meat of this game and is really fun when you join a steam group to find people to play with.Verdict: BUY!
,Recommended,222480,3531669,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Kestis,Good game but it is unfortunate that a short.
,Recommended,222480,7537758,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Ivanero,"Nice Survival Horror with some action, tons of content to unlock and great replayability with a nice developed online co-op mode. Normal difficulty is pretty hard sometimes, and character movement is a bit old-school videogame and limited, still pretty good game to buy with an offfer ^^"
76561197985491761,Recommended,222480,7668639,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Freakinoutanames,"The best Resident evil game in quite some time. Go figure it takes a port of a handheld game to give people the Resident Evil game they have been craving since Resident Evil 4.""Third Person"",""Horror"",""Co-op"""
,Recommended,222480,7416440,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Death Dream,"First - There is no story coop mode like in RE5 and RE6. I was a bit disappointed in that. Raid mode is the only thing that is coop and it plays through the exact same levels as the single player  just with the story stripped out and more enemies tossed in. But in order to play Raid mode in the fullest, you have to complete the single player - both players.... Normally I would be fine with that, but not all my friends have the time to play the single player and just want to play coop.Besides that as my major complaint, the game is pretty good. I think RE6 is a better buy for coop though. This game has RPG elements that add a lot of replay value. Your character levels up as you progress in Raid mode. Even as you level up, the stages will level with you keeping the challenge all the way up to level 50. If you enjoy coop, zombies that really are not zombies, and RPG games, grab this. Just be aware if you want to play coop, you have to beat the campaign first."
,Recommended,222480,10304599,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,PepperoniNipples,"Well... I have various reasons as to why or why not this game is intriguing, and I'll give you those reasons so you can decide yourself. I'm not telling you to download it or not, I'm just here so people don't waste their money OR pass up an opportunity for a great game. So here wee go.GOOD:-smooth graphics-quite ""sexually enticing"" charaters, but no nudity or overboard stuff-enticing storyline-new cast of characters, but still includes some original castBAD:-Graphics are only smooth for the main characters, other than in cutscenes-NO NUDITY INCLUDED :(-storyline is short, I beat it in a week with casual playtime-STILL NO NUDITY-too many new characters-NO NAKED LADIES! :(Decide for yourself. The end."
,Recommended,222480,10462480,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Panda Tar,"Given that I bought it with a 75% discount, I feel like the money was worth, otherwise, I wouldn't buy.The game has a nice atmosphere, a bit too much cheerful in my point of view. I think the songs could have been used in a more chilling way. There were situations in which the music felt like 'everything was ok', and I didn't feel any uneaseness in advancing in the game.Also, dealing ONLY with monsters is less frightening than dealing with them and the undead, which we don't know when they're dead or not and their moanings, their slow moving, and their deadly bitting. So I didn't feel much like playing a RE game.I thought, playing in Normal, that the game was much easier than I anticipated. It's somehow easy to avoid getting killed and the enemies are not hard to kill, although the ones that are tougher, are indeed harder to kill.I missed scenes of being scared to death, or sudden fright appearances, which simply don't occur or you're simply expecting them to happen, because the layout of the places you're going through already suggests you're going to have an enemy springing on your neck soon enough, either when you're going or returning.The story is ok. I was just feeling that kind of deja vú when Chris and Jill started looking for each other (I mean, Chris, Claire, Jill, etc are always looking for each in the games, it's a bit repetitive).Graphics look nice enough, at least you can feel like you're in those places.All in all, I think the game is good, but too much expensive for the experience it provides."
76561198138842126,Recommended,222480,10463536,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Shinigami4200,the best resident evil yet
76561198043160144,Recommended,222480,10463543,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Chungus Jones,"Titanic mixed with zombies and a pinch Michael Bay, would buy again. 10/Walrus"
,Recommended,222480,10463544,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Stewie_Mc,"a really great game story line is great and nice going back to proper zombie/monsters like the original games, raid mode is excellant and fun to play, a must buy if you like the RE Saga"
,Recommended,222480,10434376,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,[KUSH]MrAK47_OG,"picked this game up for $4.99 during a sale. otherwise, would not have purchased. sub par by comparison."
,Recommended,222480,10435126,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Vue19EC|<,"Personally, I wish this game stay on 3DS because its meant to be played in 3D and the best part was Jill's♥♥♥♥♥in 3D.With that said I love the movement/shooting in this game. It is how RE5, 4 ,3 ,2, and 1 should been if 5 4 3 2 and RE 1 were to be remade for current GEN.Storyline, I don't care much for storyline because I hated this stroyline honesty.Revelation is what happened before Chris and Jill went to the masion and got their♥♥♥♥♥handed to them by Wesker, thus RE 5 happens.I miss the shooting zombies.... well wait... Capcom had never made a true zombie survior horror games that were 3rd person.Sure there were the old camera view but we need a true 3rd person view and I""M NOT TALKING ABOUT RE RACCON CITY.Raid is second best to RE5 mercenaries with the add on gun parts and such... worth the money alone.Buy it for RAID co op but there are no storyline coop."
,Recommended,222480,10435144,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,This_Muse,Good game at all!
,Recommended,222480,10439626,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,RICE,"**I AM HARD PRESSED TO RECOMMEND THIS FOR 50$. IF I BOUGHT IT AT FULL, THIS WOULD BE A NEGATIVE REVIEW BECAUSE THE GAME CAN BE COMPLETED WITHIN 6 HOURS WITHOUT MUCH INCENTIVE FOR REPLAY**For 12.50$, this game is golden. Remember those B-script action-drama shows that would pop up on TV now and then? This game is exactly that. For those who are just getting into it, the story will♥♥♥♥♥♥its-self after the first 'episode'. Then it just gets whackier from there.Yeah, towards the end, the story wraps its self up (and even has a short-clip+text-card sequence explaining what happened to all the characters), but I still can't get over how rediculous it all was.Remember back in the 90s when we had the technology to make a solar powered floating utopia city? Or when the RE universe made use of the orbital sunlight cannon? I can't help but feel that this game was going to be written as a sort of ""Own-universe"" type of game, but since it ties into RE5, that's not the case. So now we just have to accept that while RE1 was just happening, some philanthropists were making a giant floating city.Anyway, the game is fun, not much in the way of puzzles, but the ship has a strong RE1 vibe to it that I enjoyed. Also there are quite a few hidden things for those who want to explore. Overall, it's probably the most fun I had in a RE for a while.However, your AI partner is even more of a turd this time around. All he/she will do is just stand still and shoot at enemies on occasion. Also all enemies will aggro you, your partner just stands and looks pretty.Enemy designs are brilliant when it comes to the sea-creatures, quite a few looking like they could fit at home in Dark Souls (especially some of the later ones). While for the enemies found in the mountain/flashback segments, you just get your standard Hunter-α (plus a new variant), as well as the return of the zombie dog.Voice acting is on-par with the standard RE-terrible, with some lines like ""Jill, where are you?"" ""I don't know, a room I think. On the boat.""For a 3DS port, the game doesn't look that bad. As a PC game; it's passable, but is on par with late-PS2 graphics. Won't find a RE5 level of detail here. Or even RE6.This game also has a comedy duo who have hip-hop in the background whenever they have a scene. I don't really have much else to say."
76561198062845377,Recommended,222480,10441049,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,markj21101977,"This is a really good game with plenty of shooting ""zombies"" and trying to find your way around the level without dying or being too slow. Though this game is not (so far!) as good as the first and second resident evil, it is still worth playing......."
76561198123285240,Recommended,222480,10441877,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Siunoryb,I have enjoyed this game very much. The overall atmosphere of the game is amazing. Once you get in to the game you feel intrigued and sucked in to the game. Also most of the games on my computer are very laggy but I have had no lag whatsoever When I play. It is a very fun game and I think it is a good price.
,Recommended,222480,10442440,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Wizop,"Its a shame that I paid money for this game and went and installed it successfully but, each time I go to actually play the single player campaign it starts and I play for 10-15 mins before my laptop goes to a error blue screen saying something in regards about graphics driver being more than less or some bs error like that. It doesnt make sense since I can play Max Payne 3, Ghost Recon Phantom, Left 4 Dead 2, Insurgency, No More Room In Hell and Soldier Front 2 without there being any issues and Ghost Recon easily has way better graphics than RE: Revelations so I am in pure confusion as to why I cant play this game when I can play all those other games I listed. Ive played this game on the Xbox360 and I loved it because it was like the old school RE games and also similar to RE: 4. I loved how CAPCOM went back to that more adventure, survival horror style than continuing with the recent RE: 5 & 6 third person shooter action style which wasnt anything like original RE. Cause till now nmber 4 was the last actual somewhat scary RE game but, this one brought that back with its eerie and super creepy atmosphere. Gameplay is good and overall shooting works nice also however there are some problems with movement n camera can mess up at random yet rare times. I never finished the game so when i saw how its on sale i instanty bought it hoping to finally finish it but, i cant do that since for some crazy weird reason a error screen pops up and makes me exit and then restart my computer. HAS THIS HAPPENED TO ANYONE ELSE???"
,Recommended,222480,10454287,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,InfernalMudkip,"Great campaign despite Chris's, Quint's, and Parker's segments. Raid Mode is a blast with a friend. Great optimization for PC.11/10, would marry."
,Recommended,222480,10454877,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,madvillian,It's fun staring at nice asses... Wait this was a game?! I thought it was a teaser because if it was a game I wasn't playing just look at the butts. 10/10 Nice butts
,Recommended,222480,10455074,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Sokjan,"So much about this game is just.... just... ""meh"". And when its -75% off it would then make this a ""meh"" game for a ""meh price"".BUT YOU KNOW WHAT??!!?This game sucked me in for several days because I've been playing it alot. I don't know what it is about it but for some reason, on a personal level, I really like this game alot."
,Recommended,222480,10458389,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,HollySane,"The last time you've probably eard about this game was of how good it was in the Nintendo 3Ds and admit it, you'd actually were saving for a 3Ds. But now that RE:Revelations have had a release on the general console, it's a great opportunity to get this  on a Steam sale and then brag to yourself on how well you did when you've waited instead of getting a 3Ds (not that I had any beef with that particular console, but funds were kinda tight back then).Capcom did well in this one, keeping to its original survival horror and characters that would point out the obvious; and it just felt right for once. So buy this game and spend some time on it, it'll be good enough until Capcom decides to set some stuff straight on the continuity of their Resident Evil franchise. XD"
,Recommended,222480,6888284,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,alves_nilo,A volta do survivor horror de resident evil.
76561198044622573,Recommended,222480,8377894,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Týr,"As a Resident Evil fan I really ejoyed this game, even though others don't really care for it. Jill is one of my all time favorite chracters and it was really nice to play as her again and see how she changed since the first Resident Evil game. My only problem is how the campaign is set up. I wish it didn't jump around so much, changing from character to character. I wish it was  more like Resident Evil 6 were you can choose which campagin you want to play and which character you want to play as. but aside from that this game has an interesting story line and the B.O.Ws are a nice change from zombies."
,Recommended,222480,8566336,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Jiiban,I liked this game it remembers me the time when Resident Evil was a horror game and could make you feel uncomfortable.
,Recommended,222480,8388458,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,т r α ղ c e,Amazing Port from the 3ds with these amazing graphics its so worth it to pick up on this sale :D
,Recommended,222480,10525693,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Nox Kreiker,"This game actually takes you back to the good days of Resident Evil 4 style shooter/horror. It's a good welcome back for Resident Evil to the actual HORROR genre. I've actually jumped on occasion from this game, and I am not easily startled, like, AT ALL. Raid Mode is also a ton of fun."
76561198121864881,Recommended,222480,10527967,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Dildo Deutlin,"For 10€(!!!!) totally worth it, reminded me of the early Resident Evil parts. Really scary, easy handling, decent story. 10/10!"
76561198062468264,Recommended,222480,6265278,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,SuperBadJuJu,"Great, classic RE gameplay."
76561198099451607,Recommended,222480,10485091,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Arkscythe,"So i've played few games on the 3ds and they all handle to certain extent. The controls can be somewhat difficult but in my opinion this still has the same gameplay style as Resident evil 5 WHICH for a game remade for the PC and Xbox360, both games hold the same if not better graphics.I find that the system has been more or less polished with the herbs as you can use them directly rather than taking the time to use them in case of impending death, the weapons upgrade system to become alot more challenging as you have to openly look for weapons first in both campaign AND raid mode in order to successfully defeat your enemy. A nice concept added to this is the ""Custom Parts"" you find throughout the game that have different perks to attach to your weapon, this way your never to overpowered.I'll admit some of the monsters in the beginning are quite... measly... but as the game slowly progresses and your introduced to new enemies, you have to change your tactics of approach as you could always die, as one such occasion the bosses or one of the monsters which hold and instant-kill attack IF NOT KILLED.The campaign I have to admit, jumps around alot, and although has the slight romance undertone, can hold it's small twists and turns. Its an okay plot in my opinion as well as the fact that most is backtracking sometimes, but the game usually has an immersive rush to accomplish the task as it gives you a sense of urgency and danger. So if not plot is to your satisfaction, some gameplay may make up for it.Raid mode i have to say is one of the most interesting concepts in the game that i've seen. Usually in the modes of resident evil franchise referred to as The Mercenaries, this game mode introduces the concept of seeing the life of the enemies and a level based on exp almost like an RPG. Strangely enough, its satisfying to beat these modes as the monsters are now on a harder level, can be made more powerful in ways of either speed or/and strength, and the bosses of the game whether Mini or true, now become quite harder. That isn't half the difficulty either, as your invetory from campaign and raid mode are completely seperate meaning you now have to conserve your ammunition as it isn't as readily available AND your weapons are weaker until you find new ones! As your progress though and beat the stages... you unlock bigger, harder difficulties which i'll admit i have not unlocked yet, BUT i can probably say are alot harder than the beginning difficulty.So to simplify all this for people who don't like to read, It's a good game to play if you want the challenges of resident evil, just not the usual plot or characters. Raid mode is fun and challenging, though you will have to play the campaign to unlock some levels, and the system of graphics and gameplay remain at least on par with Resident Evil 5.Hope this helped everyone. peace."
76561198026704521,Recommended,222480,10489127,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Boxworth,"I wish someone else would buy this game so I can play coop. Seriously, having no one to play a game with makes you miss the incomprehensible Russian players from DOTA2."
,Recommended,222480,10489175,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mega,"So, I will start by saying that I enjoyed this game. It wasn't as good as Resident Evil 4, but it was close to it's gameplay standards.That being said, this game has it's drawbacks. It was designed for a handheld, and thus it feels like some of the events are a little campy or basic because of the limitations of the hardware. On top of that, the campaign felt like it just kept trailing you on. The story isn't anything to write home about, it's about as well written as a soap oprea, which is standard for Resident Evil.The campaign felt like it would be a bit better to explore it with a friend. The enviornments were well done, but sometimes you backtracked through areas multiple times. Ammo was either way too pleantiful or not pleantiful enough, and I never found the rifle on my first playthrough.I really enjoyed playing this game, but mostly because it reminded me of the better resident evil games, not for it's own merits. Also feminists are going to have a field day with Rachael Foley."
,Recommended,222480,10491430,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,?Ai cho tôi MMR?,"thanks to offer, I bought the great horror game"
,Recommended,222480,10494632,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,ROAST,I am getting the feeling like in the original Resident Evil on Playstation!  I jumped a few times already playing this in the dark!  WORTH EVERY PENNY!Graphics and soundtrack for the game are top notch!
,Recommended,222480,10432655,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,doggod,DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID GAME
,Recommended,222480,10923549,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,kurtbo123,"This game was awesome. It has action elements but still goes back to the original roots that Resident Evil provides. Such as the ""Oh ♥♥♥♥"" and low ammo moments. As well as tense moments when you're forced to leave your partner. As well as the references to the original game (bath tubs man....) highly recommended"
76561198056968182,Recommended,222480,8699565,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,m_desormeau,"It's funny that this game was released on consoles and pc years after 4, 5, and months after 6. I mention that because this game sure would have been handy- say between 4 and 5. Even then I would have ♥♥♥♥♥ed that it does not have the rewards of gameplay 5 - or the merchant interactions of 4. I like this production of RE. The story is as creative as any in hollywood, and you get to be the star. I own 'em all, I've played 'em all. For me, this one is third."
,Recommended,222480,2733763,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Gothic Man,"RE Revelation is the best game in the series after RE4. This game really deserved to be played. Though graphics are not very good, but still main thing in a game is gameplay and story and Revelations does not lose in either of that. The PC port might have some minor issues, but that shouldn't be something stopping you from enjoying this awesome game. 8,5/10"
,Recommended,222480,8678135,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Foxes,"Hands down one of my favourite games I have played in a long time, when it was originally released for the 3DS I originally ignored it thinking it might not be that good as its not getting a console release, and I was proven wrong. I havnt enjoyed a Resident Evil game that much on my own since Resi 4. really good story, few frights and game play is fun as well. Will definetily play again."
76561198090648249,Recommended,222480,8869414,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Soul Reaver,Very good Resident evil game. Excellent interesting story-line and Jill is awesome as always :)This game is a successful  attempt to go back to RE survival horror roots while keeping the good modern changes and fluid game-play. I really hope that RE7 will come the same way.
,Recommended,222480,1941525,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Kobus,Inhabitant Sinister: Terror from the Deep10/10
,Recommended,222480,9058852,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,*f@CE,Great game for any Resident Evil fan . I would wait to get it on sale. My only beef is that this game is way too short. You can beat it in a day.
76561198076161108,Recommended,222480,9124413,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,joehrex,"I loved Resident Evil Revelations! It makes me calm and enjoy the old-school survival horror version. The Japanese audio is much more original than the usual English dub, and the English subtitles is a good mix with the Japanese dialogue! Keep making Resident Evil series as a original survival horror series, Capcom!"
76561198065566980,Recommended,222480,6404297,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,TerryFT-86,A Blast! A flavor of the old resident evil return. =)
76561198061957159,Recommended,222480,9108162,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,THE DISTURBER,better than re 6
76561197971072191,Recommended,222480,9112959,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Deavan,"For those that enjoyed the style and atmosphere of the early Resident Evil games, you'll likely enjoy this.  The story is beyond ludicrous and the characters are over-the-top, but the gameplay is pretty enjoyable.  After you beat the game you get access to Raid Mode, which is where you'll get your co-op multi-player fix.  It's pretty enjoyable with a friend but if you're anything like me you'll be asking yourself why wasn't the main campaign co-operative?"
,Recommended,222480,4107437,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,KillJoy,"Вот каким должен быть Resident Evil,ужасающая атмосфера,трудные головоломки и наподающие неожиданно монстры. Игра супер!!!"
,Recommended,222480,9796847,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,TheSnuggler,"Firstly, this is not a survival nor a horror game.  No throwbacks to the classic RE1 and RE2 days.  Revelations is for the most part a third person action shooter.  My primary knock agaisnt the game is its horrible story; it's like they farmed the storyline responsibilities out to middle schoolers.  Overly melodramatic, cliche, and contrived.  That being said, the game is fairly entertaining to play.  Despite the poor script the story mode is still alright but the major amount of enjoyment and fun can be found in Raid Mode, which is Revelations take on Mercenaries.  I purchased the game on sale and did not pay full price so I would certainly say I got my money's worth."
76561197969167731,Recommended,222480,7376911,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Niburu,"FINALLY a good port for PC. Controlls are perfect with mouse+keyboard. ONTOP of that it is a real resident evil. It is slow, has shocking moments and ammo is a rare item........thats how it should be.There is a reason why this game is 2€ more expensive(currently 75% off) than the later released Resident Evil 6. Because this game here is a real RE. Hopefully the Capcom  designers think about that while they create Resident Evil 7If only Dark Souls 2 had mouse+keyboard controls like this game.....than i could also enjoy Dark Souls 2."
76561197971048418,Recommended,222480,13468185,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Relatively Normal,"Much more ""survival horror"" than RE:6, it was a fun game with some nice creepy bits that hearken back to older games in the franchise"
,Not Recommended,222480,13427814,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,HoTT,Made for the masses. Explains everything. It just doesn't have that same ambiance as RE1-4 had.
,Not Recommended,222480,13786024,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Janne555,It'd be better if the mercenary missions were available right away so multiplayer would be more interesting. Some of the characters might seem a bit sexist to a few. Other than that it's your every day Resident evil.
76561198060725227,Recommended,222480,13790356,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Name,"I played the game with XBOX 360 controller  on WIN 8.1 64.Pros - Great Story , Soundtrack , Characters and Unlockables.Cons - Graphics can be somewhat disappointing , you play mostly with one character on campaign mode. The only mode that features multiplayer is Raid.I recommend this game to everyone since i am a huge Resident Evil fan."
,Recommended,222480,13794050,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,BMortHamp(BritishTwitch),"My first foray into the Resident Evil franchise and I absolutly enjoyed it, so much as a I have gone on to purchase RE 4, 5 and even 6.Even though I've only played the Campaign I can recommend this title when it is on sale or slightly cheaper than £30 price tag.Looking forward to RE Revelations 2 and the remastering of the first game due to be released January 2015."
,Not Recommended,222480,13754717,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,MAD_FROGZ,"Resident Evil Revelations is a ""horror"" game all right by horror I mean horrendous! The story is ridiculous, by itself that would be ok however the game tries to maintain a serious undertone throughout. It is plagued by lazy and stupid design choices and shows Capcom is truely an incompetent devolper. The asking price of $50 is ludicrous (however that may be very subjective to personal opinion). The logic to the game is like that of an that of the Expendables movie. Don't get me wrong howerver. I like the Expendables but this game tries to take itself to seriously by being ""survival horror"". The game had me scared at first but that quickly wore off as the story got more and more absurd . The gameplay is mediocre at best and is harmed by the fact that it was once a 3DS game. Environments and enimies are repeated way to often thoughout and the game and gameplay is slowed down with lazy and blunt progresson blocks.  That prevent the player from advancing and artificially lengthens the game. The real only positives I can give are the breaking up of gameplay into segments with diferent characters stories and other events. The other positive is Jill Valentine's great♥♥♥♥♥ =PClickbait/10"
76561198036700249,Recommended,222480,10205480,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,sublime,"I swear RE has made more emphasis on Jill's butt when she climbs.Otherwise decent follow up using the classic inventory system. Since RE6 was kind of everywhere with guns and ammunition. Monster difficulty is pretty solid, after a play through you get used to it. Decent plot, CAPCOM seems to have a knack for branching storylines."
76561198011109987,Recommended,222480,7381140,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Sleepy Gary,"Not as flashy as RE6, but feels like the old RE games, more jump scares and suspense, still corny as hell thou lol"
76561197991757162,Recommended,222480,8760142,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,DooMinatioN,Great Game! Real Resident Evil!
76561197977198491,Recommended,222480,745511,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Ezekiel Rage[NL],This is how resident evil 6 had supposed to be.
,Recommended,222480,9745085,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,zing1911 [ Lieutenant ||WS ],This is the original feel of resident evil series
76561198098139655,Recommended,222480,9738841,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,arbyzzz,"Игрушка довольно посредственная. Не пугают, монстры плюшевые. Рейтинг порой кажется 8+. Фактически это простенький консольный шутер. Играть можно только если совсем нечего делать. 6/10"
76561197964798094,Recommended,222480,193123,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,MadAsAHatter,The campaign is extremely enjoyable (especially on harder difficulties) and feels more like a challenging horror game than an action title. The raid mode is basically a storyless LeftForDead/KillingFloor monster hunt and gets old pretty fast (imo).
,Recommended,222480,3158265,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,SabreWulf,"Ah Resident Evil Revelations the best Resident Evil in years! However if you played it on the 3DS there is nothing really new here yet, but with dlc on the way we will see what new goodies are added. This game is just the right amount of balance between action and survival horror with it a lot more on the survival horror side of things. Visuals are much improved over the 3DS and it supports controller and mouse+keyboard inputs. Finally it has the best female protagonist EVER, Jill Valentine."
76561197973172855,Recommended,222480,9780368,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Chew-AZ,Ah Resident Evil this is one of the better RE games i have played in a long time i did not like the 4th RE game at all thay F#%@ UP the RE games for me and thay never finish off the story line set by the frist three RE games thay just jump 10 years later to a new story line with out umbrellal WTF CAPCOM ! and thay aint F%#@ING ZOMBIES and thats why I dont like RE4 never played 5 as for re6 i mite try that one day .but RE Revelations is good reminds me of the old days of re games you have to fight for your life watch your ammo and run away when you dont need to kill the enemy .and the enemy dont drop ammo for you.ya have to mange your ammo or your F#%@ED.oh and the enemy are a new type of zombies made by a new virus the T-Abyss virus.8/10
,Recommended,222480,9374707,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,RickySpanish1Flynn,good game!
,Recommended,222480,10954328,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,A Wild Dragonite,"A growing map, a nice scenario, but not really well explained, still, the game is really immersive however the monsters sometimes look ridiculous..."
,Recommended,222480,2326809,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Warruz,"Resident Evil Revelations unlike the more recent releases of the Resident Evil series comes somewhat back to the series' roots of hunting around mansions, finding keys, and shooting big monsters at the end with rocket launchers. Read full review here -http://pauseyourgame.com/game-review/resident-evil-revelations-pc-review/"
76561198030127628,Not Recommended,222480,16986233,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,dr nice,It's just not good.
76561198021305043,Recommended,222480,16996102,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,psykotik_rexx,"I really enjoyed this game on DS and the Steam version adds a new monster and tons of customization parts for the guns.  I felt that some of the added guns and mods made the game easier but I am still having a challenge from Infernal mode.  The scanning mechanic is still tempting and damning, I keep getting killed trying to scan enemies for the extra healing herbs, when I probably would do better to just shoot the things instead of scanning them.  I still am playing through it over and over for achievments and for fun.  It is rare for me to play a game through much less repeatedly, so in my opinion the gameplay and constant search for new things is very satisfying."
76561197996008603,Recommended,222480,16969069,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Nuts,"Very entertaining, good story!"
,Recommended,222480,17276794,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,TrueSonOfPerdition,"I always play the Resident Evil games for the campaign and this one was no different. I like the side story between RE4 and RE5. The campaign brought back some favorite players and weapons. I believe there was less variety in the enemies in this one, but it was also a shorter game than the normal ones. The weapon upgrade system was nice, and I appreciate that it didn't lock the parts to the weapon once they're put on. To sum up, if you're a Resident Evil fan, go ahead and get this one. Well worth the price on sale.Pros: Characters, weapons, story and graphics.Cons: No sprinting, short campaign, new characters, ""dodging""."
,Recommended,222480,17724908,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Sakerr1,Honestly it's way more better than 5 and 6. I remember this being my first Resident Evil game but of course it was only the demo at the time. It's still great if you're into the older games like Resident Evil 4. I honestly prefer 4 over this but this game is still great.
,Recommended,222480,17728917,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,xXSnakExX,good
,Recommended,222480,17687998,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Rare Grinch,Play it keeping in mind that it was ported from the 3ds and you will have a good time
76561198043250113,Recommended,222480,17057546,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,John Doe,"This game single-handedly revived the resident evil franchise, Now they'll just have to slap revelation in their latter product."
,Not Recommended,222480,17499097,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,SatanicMushroom,"I tyried to like this game I really did but well compared to RE 4 and RE 5 this is a discrace... the ""zombie/monster things"" look like mozzeralla sticks... it is somewhat hard to keep up with the game with all the flashbacks and so far i havent seen the horror aspect of the game... just walking mozzeralla♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,222480,16545673,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Daft Punk,ayyylmao
76561198141473792,Recommended,222480,16366880,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,linainverse1989,Such a  lovely game
76561198149044788,Recommended,222480,19400425,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Covfefe,"Had this game on The 3ds when it originally launched, never finished it . but playing it on the pc it's beautiful good RE game, probably my favorite (after RE2 and RE4) 10/10 would buy ."
76561198050731782,Recommended,222480,20180322,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,karignisha,I enjoy this game very mutch. I play the game first on ps3 at a friend hosue and right away I loved the gameplay. It has the feeling of the old Resident Evil game where you can explore around and go back and look at item and fight. I'm glad the game is not like the later game where you constantly have to shoot monster all the time and almost no brake or exploring. I like to have some breathing momment and explore the surrounding and enjoy the settings. Story plot made sense and cutscenes are not crazy like later game where the logic make no sense on how they could servive even if it fiction acting hollywood movie. There still some plothole or questions still remaining after I had finish the game. Not sure if it carry over to the next games. I'll have to reply the other ones.
76561198009081522,Recommended,222480,20311615,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,armatwloz,Let'see.Here's a RE title with lots of action and replay value due to the Raid added mode and it's RNG functionality.Definitely worth checking if you are a RE fan.JUST keep in mind that this is another title that showcases tha Capcom hasn't returned the franchise to its Survival Horror genre roots.Peace.....
,Recommended,222480,20201990,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ACE RyanAnayaMc,"Oh man, this game was awesome. The gameplay was fun and action-packed, not too much of it was actual horror like the tags suggest. The main story takes about 9 hours to complete, but the storyline is amazing. Rather unexpected plot-twists, betrayal, etc. Once you beat the story, there is also a Co-Op Raid Mode for you to take on solo or with friends. On top of that, New Game+ gives the game slight replay value. I would definitely recommend this game to TPS fans or story-driven game fans. Even if you are not familiar with the Resident Evil Series (this is the first RE game I played), the story is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,222480,19490221,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,MacGruber,"Play for the RAID mode.  That is where its strengths are.  The campaign  episodes are short and sweet so you get time to rest and think about taking a break after  10 mins of poor controls(dodging is so hard to do), graphics, and monsters(some are incredibly easy, others take every bullet you have) .  Play with a controller.RAID mode:  something I wish the other REs had.  Essentially a gauntlet that you try to complete without getting hit while killing all enemies you can find.  The leveling and persistent loot system for RAID is what will draw you in.  Recommended when its on sale for no more than $10"
,Recommended,222480,20009977,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,+cesco!,Love this♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!
76561198011573564,Not Recommended,222480,19881986,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Dogan,Waste of money don't even bother playing it if it's f2p
,Recommended,222480,16849736,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,"Everytime I see some yuri♥♥♥♥♥♥, I'm going to picture them looking like this, (http://andrea-ritsu.tumblr.com/cosplay) Or some neckbeard smegma smelling degenerate.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0By0LYc8zHQRIP"
,Recommended,222480,13652134,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Crying Wolf,"Solo campaign wasn't bad.  However, I foudn the co-op mode to be rather boring, being short, making me miss the classic Mercenary modes from previous games."
,Recommended,222480,550431,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Nope,"Don't buy Resident Evil 6, buy this instead. It is actually pretty ok, and somewhat feels like the old Resident Evil from the PSX days!"
76561198001609347,Recommended,222480,2058487,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Michael,Good Game
,Recommended,222480,13859075,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,teh augmenter,"I was hesitant to pick up this game considering the flop that was Resident Evil 6. I would have to say overall I'm pleased with the story line and gameplay of this game. The graphics were way less demanding than RE6. You do play as more than on scenario of characters, however it is in one linear campaign so the gameplay is more pleasing. You unlock weapons by finding them and completing puzzles. No stupid currency system like there was in RE6.Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: 8/10Replayability: 6/10"
,Recommended,222480,13884005,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,No motive at all,"A worthy successor to RE4, which does much to try to reconnect the series to its roots, emphazing a careful use of resources and juking over blasting wildly and hoping your target will stagger. Puzzles are simple, but present again, after a two game absence. The shifting narrative is a bit obnoxious, as many of the characters are less likeable than Jill or Chris (the creepy hacker Jackass comes to mind), but sticking with it will yield good results.The real draw is Raid Mode, a seemingly endless grindfest which puts you at odds with lifebar sporting enemies, featuring an item shop, which lets you buy weapons and upgrade plug-ins with your hard earned points, and a multitude of playable characters.The Genesis scanner, a carry over from the DS version, seems a bit tedious, but becomes less obtrusive as unlockables are found and the player develops a sense for where items might be hidden.Female characters are designed to be eye candy, which is a bit creepy, particularly in the case of Rachel, and Jessica's fashion sense is bound to make some cringe (her one-legged wetsuit comes to mind.) Worth considering if that sort of thing bothers you.Otherwise, a very solid RE game in an era of not-so-solid RE games."
76561198011735358,Recommended,222480,13885112,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Shant1993,"very fun gameplay but nothing obsessive, worth it when on sale if you are a resident evil fan."
,Recommended,222480,13350409,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ganso,"I cannot believe I am saying this but this game is the first reasonably good Resident Evil game since Resident Evil Code Veronica.The game's atmosphere is engaging and filled with suspense.The monsters actually surprise you and put up a fight most of the time.The story could be better, it begins shrouded by mystery, and when it clears up it reveals another political war.The AI sucks, a lot. The monsters ignore your AI partner and go directly for you, and your AI partner does not do a thing. RE 5 AI was better.The game is very short.Overall it is the first game since RE 4 that brings the classic Resident Evil feeling from the first games. I highly recommend to all classic Resident Evil fans out there."
76561198014334139,Recommended,222480,13352136,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,CelticFrost,"I see it as this if ur a fan of the series then this is for you , you get to kill enemys with some good gear , up in the face action with some good banter on the side..."
76561198081898755,Recommended,222480,13368744,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,NizManiac_Defalt,A pretty good game. Yes I recommend it.
,Recommended,222480,10508136,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,[GB] Not.. Left Shark..,"Althought this is a PC game ported from the console. The Control was not bad.Compared to Dark Souls's PC port, Resident Evil Revelations's port is 5x better than the Dark Souls' unless you download the Fixs for it.Graphic wise, I find it very good. The first play-through, It give me lots of jump scares. So it has a nice horror element in it."
76561198140370001,Recommended,222480,13560677,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,XXXHezekiah,All i can Say is that beware of ♥♥♥♥ing in your pants.
,Recommended,222480,14046716,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,ant0ni00,"This game is definitely for diehard fans of the Resident Evil franchise. I wouldn't say I suffered through the game, however, I did not enjoy it as much as I think I could have. That may be because even for an RE story, this game has one of the worst narratives. There are worse so...Anyway, I won't be too negative since this is a port of a game that was originally released for the Nintendo 3DS. Instead I'll  plus/minus the highs and lows. Easier to digest the point of the review.+ Hi-res texture upgrades are very welcome+ Music and sound effects are excellent+ If you're a diehard RE fan, it's more RE- Story is uber boring- Weapon upgrade system is lacking- Movement is horrible considering the agility of some of the enemies and bosses- $50 price tag. This is a $20 game at mostAn Ok side story that I will probably not revisit, but did not hate. I can recommend this game but only if it's on sale and if you're an RE fan like myself, even though the writing in this series has entered comedy."
76561198015326797,Recommended,222480,14400976,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,UKBulleTSpongE,"an Awesome return to how the franchise was meant to be, less reliance on action and a lot more pant wetting ""oh crap im ut of ammo"" moments"
76561198004130103,Recommended,222480,2213615,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,うにどーん　jp,６やってからだとシステム的にイライラした。すっきり感は６のほうがある。武器制作ゲーとしてははまってる
,Not Recommended,222480,14971239,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,tHe dU,"The run and gun compent may be fun, but the scale of props and objects are way off... tables and chairs are twice as big and doorways are designed for dwarfs. For a game that can't get basic object scale correct, what can you expect more out of it?"
,Recommended,222480,15509946,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Justin J (PuNk),"this game is worth a play or 2 :)i like the story, it's good enoughthe gameplay was very fun, but this isn't my favorite re gamethe graphics are awesome, better than i expected them to bethis game in a way feels like the old skool resident evil games.i highly recommend picking this up. it's got a feel of the old and the new when it comes to resident evil."
,Recommended,222480,15223519,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Stillness guy,Classic horror game is back!!Fun to play.but evade system still need to fix a bit.overall is great.
,Recommended,222480,15300704,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Neuf,"I was thoroughly surprised by this title. I picked it up while it was on sale after trying the demo, wasn't sure how much mileage I would get out of my purchase. But RESIDENT EVIL REVELATIONS is a solid title in the franchise.Though the gameplay is a bit hindered somewhat by the clunky dodge mechanic, it plays quite well; it's not as complicated as Resident Evil 6's gameplay mechanics, but is just as smooth, allowing you to strafe and move while aiming, and completely eliminates the need to menu surf for items. However, as I previously mentioned, the new dodge mechanic is clunky at best; to dodge an attack you have to move forward or back at a precise time to duck under a swing. It wouldn't be such a problem if a couple major bosses didn't rely so heavily on dodging. Otherwise you might find yourself crushed into a Jill sandwich.Gameplay aside, the story is entertaining albeit predictable. Roughly half the characters are well written and performed, but several new characters are quite badly done and can grate against the player's nerves.The atmosphere, though, is harrowing and claustrophobic, and the musical score is great.Several episodes in the game come up a little short, but I finished the game feeling satisfied.I recommend to survival horror and Resident Evil fans to give RESIDENT EVIL REVELATIONS a try."
76561198001922216,Recommended,222480,15256309,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Alpha,I love this Resident Evil
,Recommended,222480,15122289,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,` BOGZ,Resident Evil 4.5 featuring Latina Jill. 10/10
,Recommended,222480,15237436,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,publicENEMY,"Good Resident Evil games. Cant compare to the masterpiece that is Resident Evil 4. On par with Resident Evil 6. I like Resident Evil 5 more.Kinda old school RE with all the backtracking. Graphics is like PS2 but still very playable.Overall, if you like either RE4, RE5 or RE6, this should be on your list."
76561198031199885,Recommended,222480,7376864,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Gabo,Atmosfera skoro ako RE 1
,Recommended,222480,15179545,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Warmaster Insanity,AWESOME!!!!!! EPIC!!!! All RE/BH Fans Must PLAY!!!
76561198018690078,Recommended,222480,16007461,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,SnoopLionHIV+,The best Resident Evil game since Resident Evil 4
76561198027870341,Recommended,222480,16243811,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Turok 4K,"Muy buen titulo. Tuve mis dudas porque era un spin-off y no lo juegué en su momento, y estuve equivocado. Gran juego como los residents de la vieja escuela. No me habia divertido tanto desde resident evil code veronica en suspenso, terror e intriga. Muy bueno.Pros:Graficos   : Bien optimizadoGameplay: control limitado (para aumentar la tension y no sentirte Chuck Norris.escaneo (a lo metroid prime :D)buscar pistas e investigar (en lugar de escuchar por radio a donde tienes que ir)ambientacion (en verdad te sientes que estuvieras dentro de un trasatlantico)musica (que aumenta la tension y relajo)Cons:          Zero / nada"
76561198034241302,Not Recommended,222480,16150003,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Ramen Ronin,"With no pulled punches for the fact this game was made for 3DS because it's the story that's at fault here.  It's a good game otherwise.I played on PC with and Xbox360 controller and the game worked just fine.  it seems well made: there are no bugs that I can think of and no real problems with the controls beyond my own failings; however, the game betrayed me as a lover of the Resident Evil series.  The game goesn't respect its enemies and it doesn't respect its own story.On multiple occasions this game goes out of its way to trivialze the enemies presented by either not acknowledging themvarious trash, shield boss, giant tentacle B.O.W.or by resuing bosses as common fodder.  The combat is in no way difficult and the hardest difficulty makes up for it by being extremely bullet spongey.Story wise, it's a complete drama bomb.  I'm surprise that Jill didn't reveal that she was having Parker's alien baby via virgin birth, but there's always next time.  Half of it makes sense, half of it if I""m being generous.  It just dropped conspiracy on top of me and expected me to roll with it, well good try but no.Characters know things that they shouldn't.  Example:Chris/Jessica RUSH to Jill's location (that you the player know but not them) during a time of great urgency (that you the player know about but not them).It's an attempt to build suspense without a real effort.  It's lazy writing and the game does it repeatedly.Characters are overly obvious about their intentions.  Example:Jessica asks out of nowhere if you trust her.  Raymond reveals himself to Jill/Parker on the ship.Serious, lazy writing like this makes me feel like I'm watching Dora the Explorer.Character actions do not match their intended results.  I cannot stress this one enough.  The absolute laziness of this one is close to hurting my brain.  It's a cheap attempt at a dramatic plot twist.  Examples:Raymond reveals Jessica as the mole, but he's actually on her side.  Raymond starts to give a very vague speech and Jessica shoots him in the bulletproof vest to stop him revealing information... it's obviously planed but WHY?!  O'brain puts BSAA on infected ship for evidence on Lansdale but Raymond is already there.  Lansdale wants to eliminate ALL evidence but does so by sinking one of three ships.There's so much more, it's everywhere seriously.The point: a game can drama bomb all it wants to but if it doesn't make an effort to make those bombs meaningful then I might as well have been shooting Spongebob zombies while riding a My little Pony only to be surprise to find out the Spongebob zombies were made by Dr. Gero all in an effort to make Vegeta's heart grow three sizes that day.  The My little Pony? It's obviously because of the new T-C-A-Veronica-Abyss-Dante's-Naruto virus."
76561198100178375,Recommended,222480,16485337,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,desert0gamer,"This game is actually a decent game, but it resembles perfectly what the Resident Evil franchise morphed into over the years, and what Capcom actually wanted it to be: a game that appeals to new comers, while keeping the fan base happy.They wanted to play it safe, rather than attempt to make the masterpiece 10/10 game they once used to do. It brought some elements from the original Resident Evil, such as using the tanker as an analogue to the Spencer mansion of the first game, and elements from Resident Evil 4, such as using few parts of the games as battle arenas to shoot waves of zombies and go through near death experiences, and they got some Call of Duty elements from the inferior Resident Evil 6 game, such as Chris and Jill fighting hordes of enemies while finding easily accessible ammos and health when needed.The tone of the game is not horror, like the Resident Evil Remake, nor is it camp, like the second half of Resident Evil 4, but rather it was mostly like watching a T.V. action series such as 24. And just like T.V action series, they replay highlights of the earlier chapters to stay updated on the overall plot when playing the next chapter or when returning to the game later. They really wanted to take the story seriously, when the canon of Resident Evil really wasn't great to begin with. They could've had a basic story to create a scenario, rather than attempt to make the story the central theme of the game. At least this games had a better story than all of the other Resident Evil games (I am serious), but it is still not great, though.The game is fun when playing the Jill segments in the tanker. It looks like the traditional survival horror Resident Evil game that Capcom could've made if they wanted to go back to the original Resident Evil formula. Unfortunately, there are many times when the game cuts away to another character in another location, turning into a pure action segment, breaking the immersion immediately for me.My other problem is that the game is too easy. I know there is a hard mode, but I started the game out with Normal, and thought that Normal would have a bit of challenge. I didn't die as much as I thought I would. I died 12 times, and of the 12 times, I think six or seven of them are either cheap deaths or because of dumb mistakes.I recommend playing this game, especially if you want to take the taste of Resident Evil 6 out of your mouth, and hope for a better Resident Evil. As for me hoping for a better Resident Evil, this game showed me what Capcom is going to do with the franchise: play it safe, and don't make something spectacular like the remake or RE 4."
,Recommended,222480,8202712,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jdogg4eva,A Return to True Survival Horror!
76561198028532756,Recommended,222480,3882607,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Stefan,Jävligt roligt
,Recommended,222480,9952172,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,💀 SkeletRon 💀,"This is the Resident Evil you should buy. Ignore 5 and 6, go straight for this one. This is the best RE since 4."
76561198076856304,Recommended,222480,11394746,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Dark Lord of Pizza,"If you are a fan of RE 4 and 5 then I would I highly recommend you pick up this game, when its on sale for $20 or less. Revelations mostly takes place on a ship,which makes the game feel claustrophobic with its small corridors. Since the ship has few space, a dodge mechanic is in place which lets you dodge an enemy by moving forward or back right before they attack. It takes some time getting used to, but it is incredibly useful once you mastered it. A scanner is introduced as well, and lets you scan your surroundings for herbs, ammo, custom parts, and fingerprints(collectible that unlock the PSG-1 sniper for Campaign use). As for the gun/upgrade/inventory/system you can find custom parts,which upgrade your guns like 10% increased damage,15% increased fire rate, and some more exotic ones like charged shot, or do more damage the lower your health is. You can carry up to 3 weapons and have up to 25-30 weapons in your inventory. However you can’t purchase any guns in campaign, you have to find them so this encourages the player to explore for better weapons.One change I noticed was in movement, in previous resident evil games you have to stay in one position to reload, while in revelations you can reload on the go. The movement also appears to be slower than in previous games, probably because the devs want you to dodge instead of running away. As for the story theres nothing really exceptional here, and the dialogue is mostly bearable to cheesy at times.It took me about 10 hours to beat the campaign, and when you do theres a new game plus mode which can also carry over your weapons to the next difficulty.Theres an additional mode called Raid mode, which makes the game way more fun.You play on stages, which are unlocked in the campaign, as JIll, Chris,Parker, and other characters you unlock. The objective is simple you get from point A to B,look for a key, or beat a Boss. Enemies characteristics are more varied here than in the campaign. You'll face the same type of enemies except some will be more faster,  stronger, bigger, do more damage, have a bigger hit radius, or just have more health. Combine that with rpg elements like gun drops, rare weapons, and a leveling up system and you have an addicting and incredibly fun mode. Characters you unlock also have specific focuses, like Jill reloads handguns and Machine guns faster and has a faster fire rate,While Rachel regenerates health, and reloads faster with shotguns and magnums. When you complete a stage you get BP which you can use to purchase weapons, ammo, herps, custom parts, and ammo capacity in the raid store . Selling weapons you no longer need for BP is also a nice option.You can get even more BP if you finish a level without taking damage, defeating all the enemies, and being under the recommended level. I've had so much fun with it I would recommend the game solely on Raid mode.I would also recommend a gamepad for this game 360 worked just fine for me. As for performance I have an i5 3230m,8 g of RAM, and an Intel HD 4000 card and it ran very smoothly (except when you’re on elevators the frame rate drops for some reason) besides that no crashes or problems whatsoever."
76561198058097787,Recommended,222480,11410758,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,kiarashgamer,Try this game
,Recommended,222480,11281437,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"Honestly, I can't see why I've heard so many bad reviews. This has been probably the least frustrating game of the series. The combat system is a bit easier than previous titles, and the inventory system is by far the best I've seen yet."
,Recommended,222480,11455592,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Poesilly Chickadee,"classic resident evil, watch your health and ammo, its super hard and has great graphics"
,Recommended,222480,11080720,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Hero of Kvatch,"First few levels of this game are like the watered down RE, but later it gets intense. Pretty cool.Overall a horror game worth playing."
76561198080723444,Recommended,222480,11084310,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Alicsus,The best Resident Evil in a long time! Finally CAPCOM managed to create a worth while RE game. My hopes are restored! It combines both the more action oriented gameplay of RE4 and the suspense and scares of my favorite game of the long running series RE2. I think I like it more than RE4. The game is captivating and I can't put it down. Good job CAPCOM.
76561198014611630,Recommended,222480,11100323,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,SilverApples,very good game! bringing back old style horror in the resident evil franchise unlike RE 5 and 6 its not just semi shoot em up! highly recommended!!
,Recommended,222480,11238199,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Hellhound,Good game. I Certainly don't regret buying this.You get to know and play with different characters.
,Recommended,222480,11226655,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,VarmsMasteR,RE Fan or whoever like this kind of game. Recommended!!Finish all the mission achievement. Was so easy. Now to the fun part which is RAID MODE!! HELL is waiting on the abbys.Personally I prefer the action on RE6 where i can run and smash zombie face and stomp on their heads and nuts...hahaha.
76561198013842205,Recommended,222480,11227485,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Jaruko,"8/10 in my opinion.Pros: Great story line, great music, cool new looking baddies, and a great edition to the survival horror genre.Cons: kinda wonky controls, repetative guns that i've seen before from Resident Evil 4 and 5, toned down graphics (though i give them props for porting it)all in all a great game."
,Recommended,222480,12911013,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Doom 神,"A solid entry in the series, Reveleations starts off great and evokes the survival horror aspects of earlier RE games.However, those looking for pure survival horror (as I was) be warned: the game ditches the atmospheric scares half way through in favor of modern RE's fast-paced, action focused gameplay.While RE's modern approach is not necessarily a bad thing, it would be better contained to the game's fun and arcade-y Raid Mode.Ultimately Revelations' campaign should have remained methodical and atmospheric. Still, you can't go wrong picking this up. Despite its shortcomings in the second half it is one of the better (modern) RE games. I just wish the whole game let me play as Jill alone on a big scary ship."
76561198062697996,Recommended,222480,10489104,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Nando!,"i've always wanted to play it since i saw it in my country, i think i ended as fast as i could, cuz' i was very exciting for this game, but trust me, you're not going to get bored with this game, its gameplay mode is so hard in comparison with another residents, at least the final boss is very funny and hard the 1st time xD, i can't get enough of it. if you're a resident evil fan, you really should play it right now xD, enjoy it xD"
76561198027744707,Recommended,222480,10036316,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,linn4you,"Res Revelations was a great relief after the bad Res6. Revelations can´t compete with part 4 or 5 by story, but the gameplay is like any good Res title and it works great with controller. 7/10"
76561198044201780,Recommended,222480,5014514,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Hax1axe,Very good game and a great buy. =-)
76561198022649396,Recommended,222480,7571064,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,raindmb1,one of the best  RE games i played brings back the puzzles and survival horror to the genre. i highly recommend this one .
,Recommended,222480,10968031,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Da FLaming C,Yes.. Ultra gameplay and Great MP game!
,Recommended,222480,10970250,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Nyaa,"bought it during 75% off sale because i didn't think any port from a handheld would be worth 40 euroif i only knew what i know now, would've bought the game during release date"
,Recommended,222480,10982187,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Thom.azella,"Revelations lacks brilliance and doesn't fully deliver the same quality as RE 5 or RE 4.6.4/10Revelations is a slower more thoughtful game and takes a different path than RE 6 (action game)Specific points:0Inventory system is simplified (I liked the RE 5 inventory better)+Weapon upgrades mirrors the flexibility of the Dead Space 3 system-Melee is significantly less fun and less useful0The narrative of the game is interesting, tough it is not brilliant nor fresh+Enemies were redesigned and are weirder than ever+The level design of the ship and its exploration is pleasant"
,Recommended,222480,10617029,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Minimog,"I'd vote an 8/10 for this game.It boasts what every Resident Evil does, so as a whole it's a well rounded and fun game to play.However, for me it lost points on the fact that once you completely unlock raid mode and try to play it's nearly impossible to find anybody actively looking for a partner."
76561198042376182,Recommended,222480,10597712,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CooCooCaChoo,True survival horror right here! Goes back to the roots of previous Resident Evil titles. This edition focuses more on exploration and ambience than action. One of the best RE titles!
76561197970607311,Recommended,222480,12131440,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Flopy,"nice compelling gameplay, simply fun! Missed cooperation mode gameplay thought."
,Recommended,222480,12131504,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,darkesc4,"If your a fan of Resident Evil and your looking for their older types of horror then this is the game to play. While the game does make more nods towards their newer games ""ie. Resident Evil 5 and Resident Evil 6"" It does hearken back to the older style of games that we know and love about the RE Franchise. Following Jill and Parker on an abandoned ghost ship to find out where the missing crew has gone and where her brother Chris has gone, only to find a much more sinister act has been unleashed upon this daunting vessel.I highly recommend playing if your a fan of RE or if RE5 and RE6 let you down.Check out the link for game play of Resident Evil Revelations.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fo_IjnstPjo&list=UUXKgcO_NETTNjKA4xU2F8aQ"
,Recommended,222480,12137846,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,HauntingGrimWolf,"Capcom is slowly moving back to their roots however this game does have it's modern survival horror aspect, it still has a portion of action into it. The puzzles in this game werent hard but atleast it gave me my quick fix of resident evilish touch. What I hope to see in the next installment:- Make the game alot less linear- leave the action to the end parts of the game but still maintaining the horror- More and harder puzzles (keys, emblems, solving puzzles to open areas and doors, also having to read the memos found in the area to solve a puzzle)- No partner ai in the campaign and atleast a separate campaign with co-op- darker and scarier atmosphere also being able to endure the fear put into the areas- inventory box should make it's return (Good thing it made it's appearance in this game)- bring back the inventory system (Also another good thing that they brought it back to this game)- bring back the save rooms and some form of save manual save system (it doesnt have to be typewriter but I really miss that in the resident evil survival horror)- make ammo and health items scarce and being able to scavenge the area and exploring to find supplies (lowering the amount of item drops when you kill enemies)- being able to investigate the rooms and clicking on places in the room get a dialog of the character telling us of  the area (similar to in this game how you see a dead body and you can investigate it and a little dialog would be on the bottom of the screen)- Memos, journals, and reading goodies that were in most of the resident evil games (really brings up the atmosphere of survival/horror)"
76561198019956279,Recommended,222480,12085952,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Sicko,"Awsome game.Love the comeback to ""key in a hole"" system.Worth playing"
,Not Recommended,222480,12086231,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,μtoad,This game was a huge fail for me. First of all the graphics are awfull! Theres basically no difference between low and high graphics! Also its really predictable and just super boring to play.
76561198041752396,Recommended,222480,12066458,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Za,"Very solid and fun if a little limited by being a 3DS port.It may be a port of a hand-held but it still is a solid RE game on any console. The controls are much better suited to action style than even the RE4 set, and I wish RE4 HD had an option to use Revelations controls. Side stepping, moving while reloading, it just feels more natural.Two things don't quite work however. The dodge mechanic is awful. Luckily you never need it because of the fluid movement system. The second is your handy item detector / enemy scanner. It works fine but is clunky and breaks of the action a bit, but it is satisfying to sweep a room and grab new items. Scanning enemies however wasn't as fun and would have been better off with a Bioshock earn bonuses system. Instead RE Revelations just adds a % per enemy scanned to a meter and when you hit 100% you get a health item. Useful but not engaging.Two other things that stand out to me as complaints I've seen against the game. Variety of enemies and Graphics. There were just as many enemies as RE4 if not more honestly, because the difference between the cultists and villagers was clothing, and as for the Graphics I found that when when everything was put at the highest the game looked really nice. I liked the creature designs quite a bit actually."
76561198038110062,Not Recommended,222480,12092764,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Yusuq Amadic,"*BE WARNED THAT THIS GAME HAS NO CO-OP CAMPAIGN*. I bought it with haste on a sale thinking there was a co-op campaign, but I was wrong... so Revelations 1, me 0.The great partis that there is no QTE spam, so kudos, Capcom..The good partis that it reminds me a little of the first RE, with being trapped in a god damn fortress. The similarity ends there though.The bad partis the cheese story telling, with some of the dialogue being ""telenovela"" embarrasing. Also the plot is way too predictable at times.The ""meh"" partis the graphics,  which, even on very high settings, still looks dated, but am not picky with graphics.The sad part, kinda like the movie ""Trolls 2"", this game has no zombies :cThe horrible partis the useless ally AI. They don't seem to deal damage nor do they work as bait, the enemy just plain ignore them."
,Recommended,222480,12180715,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mörtsyn,"A perfect example of how a modern Resident Evil game should be!Out of all the Resident Evil games, 2 and 4 have always been my favorites (Leon bias?) with RE4 being at the top. But even so, RE4 still felt like a step in another direction; a more action-oriented direction, which would later turn out be true, because of RE5 and RE6. But, here comes Revelations, a game originally released between RE5 and RE6, that takes a step backwards for the better, back to the classic style of Resident Evil, when the series was more about survival horror and atmospheric settings. And I can wholeheartedly say, thatRevelations is quite possibly the best Resident Evil game I've played.I was initially doubtful about playing Revelations, due to my general dislike of the direction the series had gone, and I thought that Revelations took the same direction as well. But boy was I wrong this whole time. Revelations takes the formula that made RE such a famous series within the horror genre, while at the same time improving the controls, making it far more accessible to newcomers, or people who hate the ""tank controls"" and/or the fixed camera angles. It drops having to manage your inventory and worrying about space (apart from selecting at maximum three weapons to take with you.) And an improvement over RE5 is that you don't have to take care of your AI partner anymore. And not to mention that it features a story that is kept seperate from the numbered games' plot, allowing it to stand more on its own, without relying too heavily on the other games - which is really interesting, since it's told in an Episodic nature, like a TV show, a first in the series.If you've played the latest RE games and you've felt doubtful in that it'll ever return to its glory days, or if you've had a dislike of how the RE games controls, then look no further. I highly recommend you try this game, because it'sthe best Resident Evil in years. Hell, I'd even recommend newcomers to start with this game, since it does not have the things that the majority of dislikers complain about.Enemies are frightening again, ammo is limited again, darkness is back again, free-roaming is (partly) back again, jumpscares are back again, eerie atmospheres are back again, a secluded setting is back again, and most importantly:Resident Evil has come back again!"
,Recommended,222480,10931860,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,NEOTHEHIVE,"Well , To be honest3 out of 10,Metascore is very over rated this game ! (50 out of a 100 overall )in my book.Slow game play , Graphics are okay but nothing to talk about.Spent 12.50 on summer sale & that's all it""s about worth.Story is good,DLC is crap ( keep your cash )"
,Recommended,222480,12093077,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Trendy,I only recommend this game on a steam deal (75% off is pretty decent) I would say that if co-op is a big deal to you then you may not even want to bother with this game for the PC platform. Co-op is almost non-existant if comparing to re-5 and re-6 but beyond that its a decent game. It is not scary at all but perhaps thats because ive moved onto games like Slender: The Arrival.I want to give the game a 7/10
76561198003688092,Recommended,222480,12208072,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,halflifenihilanth,"If you disliked the coop aspect of Resident Evil 5, this is the game for you, the best Resident Evil since Resident evil 4 and a good horror adventure. it may have started on the 3ds, but appart from the odd texture here and there this feels like a full blown tripple a game. I strongly recomend it to anyone even remotely interested in action horror games."
,Recommended,222480,12247011,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,donAllister,"Unlike many of the recent RE games, this one goes back to what made the series good. The action oriented nature of the last few big titles, 5 and 6, and the horrid button mashing needed to complete some scenes really wasn't why I like, and have liked for a long time, the RE series. My first RE title was just called Resident Evil, I'm older. I think this game is a throw back to an earlier formula, the one I enjoyed the most. Enjoyable game with a combination of creepy, action and puzzles. I would recommend.For a port, the graphics are pretty good too."
76561198106047561,Recommended,222480,12231321,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,itzatrap,One of the best Resident Evil titles in a long time
76561198109639262,Recommended,222480,12232065,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,CapRum,"It's like RE4 but with Jill as a main protagonist... Well, almost like RE4... Anyway, much better than RE5 and RE6. A good return from stupid zombie shooter back to survival horror. Just like old times. Nice amount of weapons and bosses and playable characters. Everything is as it should be. No QTEs though, but I personally find them pretty annoying, so it's not a big loss IMHO. Good game for those who likes horrors in general and definately must-have for all RE fans."
76561198004615084,Recommended,222480,12226137,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,OoodlesNNoodles,"Not the best one in the series, the weapon customization is neat and easy to use."
,Recommended,222480,12283791,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,LIKEUCARE,"Resident Evil Revelations / Biohazard Revelations seems like a new game but it was released in 2012 on the Portable gaming platform that is the 3DS and then, a year later, on the XB360, PS3, Wii U and naturally, PC. The game itself was surprisingly decent. I had a whole lot of fun with it and a little piece of advice, the game plays way better with the Keyboard + Mouse scheme (a word of advice though, disable the mouse acceleration though!). With the XB360 gamepad, the aiming was all jerky and you end up missing so many shots.As for the game itself, it was so much superior to the pathetic Resident Evil 6 which in my opinion was one of the worse RE game ever made. But this one, RE: Revelations, redeemed itself well enough in its atmosphere setting, the gameplay mechanics, voice acting and even the music department.To make it short, this is the game RE6 should have been but wasn't unfortunately!For a ported game, the only big noticeable CON would be the graphical and visual side of the game.PROS:+Ghost ship horror atmosphere.+Decent campaign length.+Neat characters models (well modelized, especialy Jill's Azz!).+""Auto-sufficient"" A.I. (partner manage itself so no need to run at him/her to heal).+Nice soundtrack.+Replay value with the Raid Mode or if you seek achievements completion.CONS:-Awful textures.-Weak controls with XB360 gamepad.-Messy story.-Weak A.I. but helpful at times as it brings the enemies to itself.-Limited enemy variety (same monsters that you see all game long).-No chapter replay option in the main campaign.-You cannot run... like, what the hell is that?-No puzzles.-This is no ""survival horror"" game like we used to play on the early RE games and keeps the game into the ""action horror shooter"" mode.RECOMMENDATION:Decent port to say the least! If you're a Resident Evil fan, you'll enjoy this game for sure! If you're a new comer, you may want to play earlier titles since you'll be really lost in this game, story speaking!PS. The extra DLC doesn't add much to the gameplay. If you can skip it, do so! It is not really worth it in my opinion!RATING:7.5 / 10"
,Not Recommended,222480,12288284,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,BENJI D,it's just terrible!! I swear it's been ported from the original gameboy... heed my warning and dont pay more than $2 for it!!
,Recommended,222480,9836566,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,C4rtman,Good RE game.
,Recommended,222480,12198466,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,mewmewz,if your buying this for the RAID MODE .. get some friends .. dont have any .. buy some
,Recommended,222480,12255567,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,lousyskater,"In a era where the Resident Evil franchise is directed more as an action shooter, Revalations is a welcome return to something resembling a Survival Horror. Outside of the awful voice acting, the game is highly recommended to anyone jaded with the franchise like I have been since the release of Resident Evil 5."
,Recommended,222480,8174775,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nada One,"People have told me that Resident Evil is finally back to it's survival horror roots with this game. No. Don't believe it. It's more of Chris Redfield punching boulders and infinite reserves of ammo. That being said, it is an interesting addition to the series. I would rate it as slightly better than okay."
76561198034787513,Recommended,222480,7918944,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Ralluk,"This is a very enjoyable installment in the Resident Evil franchise. It feels similiar to RE4 with the action. That being said, the horror element that I felt has been lacking in the more recent games has resurfaced, while maintaining a nice balance of action. Overall, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,222480,7980014,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Chandler,"This game was... okay. I'd never gotten into the older RE games, and as I understand it this is sort of a call back to those. As a point of reference, I really enjoyed RE5. From a modern standpoint, this game gets a bit tedius due to lots of backtracking and running down the same hallways looking for keys and whatnot. The guns all feel pretty weak, which is unfortunate, and the dodge mechanic is garbage. The story is pretty convoluted, as expected, but it's alright. It was originally a DS game, so the graphics aren't really great by any stretch of the imagination, but they're functional."
76561198012095057,Recommended,222480,7618067,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Recon$ilenceR,"Capcom should be ashamed on themselves. The character dialouge is pathetic. Played this completely for storyline, which was decent.....then dragged out.......then was decent again. Worth playing once then throwing it away. The combat was smooth compared to my complaints of Operation Raccoon City. Good game overall the crap I could give it."
,Recommended,222480,7527257,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Garlyle Wilds,"I know people are usually iffy about Resident Evil recently, but it's the controls and visual strength of RE 4 mixed with ACTUAL elements of survival and an atmosphere of horror.  As in this is actually a really damn good game and if Resident Evil was more of this it would be amazing again."
,Recommended,222480,6904020,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Oh my gosh,Resident Evil Revelations actually felt scary to me at some points and it definitely brings something to the table when it comes to RE games. The Raid Mode gamemode is really fun especially if you play with a friend. Although the Abyss difficulty seemed like it had bullet sponge enemies and the no damage bonus can be VERY difficult to get. I would recommend this and I give Resident Evil Revelations a 7.5 out of 10.
,Recommended,222480,4786173,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,最初の暗殺者,Great Horrorgame with the original Resident Evil flair.
,Recommended,222480,2792874,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,MexZaibatsu,"Despite being a die-hard Resident Evil fan since the PS1/Raccoon City days, RE6 left a bit of an unpleasant taste in my mouth in certain aspects. Revelations easily makes up for that misfire by taking a step back and putting once more on display what made the original series so great: a memorable soundtrack, an eerie atmosphere, and a story that kept my attention at all times. The real downside is the short length of the story, but it's understandable since the game was originally meant for the Nintendo 3DS a year and a half ago."
76561198072331359,Recommended,222480,9324673,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ryanlegend95,"You may of heard that the Resident Evil Series is dead. In some degree that is true but after playing this game I have a different opinion. Resident Evil Revalations was actually my first 3DS game and I was hooked. The Graphics were mind blowing, the action was fun and the game was actually pretty damn scary. There were times where I would close my 3DS so that I can catch my breath after a terrifying scare.When I had beaten the game I gave an applause to Capcom for making this astounding game. The problems I had with this game was the lack of character development and horrible controls. Because I didn't have the dual stick attachment for my 3DS, my rules of engagment was to stop and shoot. Even though all Resident Evil games before Resident Evil 6 had this sort of control scheme, the game was sometimes really hard because you were surrounded by fast moving enemies.However thanks to this port I can now play the game with modern controls with very little trouble. While the port is a bit buggy (much like every other Japenese ports) Capcom really gave it their best with more content, a well done reskin and of course new and improved controls.While game could still be better in a lot ways in terms of its horror mechanics, you can tell that Capcom has started to listen to their true fans and are on the right path to resurect the series to its undead roots."
,Recommended,222480,9311966,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,He's got radioactive C U M,"This game is fun, it's not as scary as everyone says it is though. It is scary in the begining but then starts switching you to diffrent characters in diffrent locations, this is bad for two reasons it doesn't make you feel traped in the other enviroment like the mansion in the first game, and these parts are more action based. Even the scary enviroment starts not being scary when you get more weapons and they start having less slow bulky enemies and more fast ones and ones that shoot projectiles."
,Recommended,222480,8906355,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,this game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222480,8764946,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,dayeman,"Long story short: if you liked RE4, then you will like this.  Raid mode is really cool too.  Not worth $50 though.  Buy it on sale."
76561198065472089,Recommended,222480,8471694,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,tone loc 84,"Great game, brings back feelings of nostalgia from past Resident Evil games.  Corny story lines, guns that are hard to aim, slow moving characters.If you're grown tired of auto regenerating health, cover systems, and unlimited bullets, check this game out.Game isn't terribly visually impressive (I believe it was ported from 3DS) so it runs well on a wide variety of machines."
,Recommended,222480,8486711,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Marinhero,"This is the best Resident Evil game since Resident Evil 4 came out, you won't be disappointed. A must buy if you are fan of the RE saga."
76561198011044257,Recommended,222480,8477102,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ハートブレーク! お嬢様,질의 팬이라면 사줘야제... 근데 레지던트이블 본래 목적은 벗어남ㅋ
76561198098446171,Recommended,222480,8419589,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rare Hunter Tenebrae,"This is a pretty passable game. It reminds me of the older RE4 style and drops the hollywood action style stuff for a welcome horror element. I found myself feeling nostalgic when I met the immortal zombie and was reminded of Lisa Trevor from RE1, it came off as a nod/wink to older fans (at least to me). Honestly this is a step in the right direction for the franchise, I would recommend getting it while its on sale."
76561198039683273,Recommended,222480,8539919,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Winter Road,"Mixed Feelings Mixed Gameplay. Revelations tries to recharge the series by mixing the old with the new. Let's start with the good, no more gun toting zombies, no more cover based ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no sprinting and sliding around like a jackass. The game brings back some nice things like a setting that is actually a little creepy, at least more so than Africa or Shanghai. The game still forces you to take on a partner, which is an element I wish they'd get rid of. The partner, along with the numberous cutscenes and setting changes remove any feeling of isolation from the environment. Chris and Jill are back together in this one which is nice. Neither one of them has anything interesting to say through the entierty of the game, but what can ya do. There's several  homages to the first game that manage to be subtle and not straight ripping off the past game, which is nice.The campaign mode is decent and deserves a playthrough if you're a fan of the series. Raid mode is just another mercenaries side game that gets boring very quickly.  You modify your weapons with parts in this game so the base weapons themselves are inherently very similar. One pistol is very similar to another and so forth, so it limits the fun of acquiring new weapons. Raid mode starts fun but then turns into a farm-fest for top gear to kill the same zombies you've been farming for hours. Pointless. The new side characters are all boring except for Rachael whom already feels a bit milked with her DLC. Still though the setting and enemy designs are much nicer in this game than previously."
76561198015444200,Recommended,222480,8544394,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,VampireRX,"If you like Resident Evil games/story then buy it. I was really disappointed in the fact that the gameplay storyline portion is NOT able to be co-op'd. I bought this with the intentions of being able to murder it with my friends in co-op. I played the hell out of RE5's co-op, and expected to do that again here.. not gonna happen now."
,Recommended,222480,8561651,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bathiosa,"I actually went into this game not expecting much from what I played of RE5&6 but was pleasantly surprised by how much it feels like the old RE games. It has a slower pace and feels like it has a lot more emphasis on the horror/creepy aspect than the standard shoot 'em up feel of the newer games in the series. It uses the RE5 control scheme but allows you to walk and shoot which is a definite plus in my opinion.The game also takes place on a huge beat down luxury cruise ship which gives you that old school Castlevania style of traversing the environment; and also adds to the creepy atmosphere.I only have a few gripes with the game: the enemies are spongy and your guns don't feel like they have any sort of kick to them, there are a few instances in which the game turns into a basic shooter but thankfully this only happens now and then in flashbacks mostly."
76561198005399341,Recommended,222480,7934047,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ty_Alto54,Great game
,Recommended,222480,7561477,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,[EGR] deathstr0ke,"Interesting concept of switching between characters to get the full story.  It's a bit slow paced, but thats almost expected with the RE series.  3 modes of difficulty for Campaign + RAID mode for solo/online.  If it's on sale... i would buy it again!"
76561197971815445,Recommended,222480,12366176,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,bobwallett,After playing the God awful Resident Evil 6 this game is a relief for fans of the series.
76561198021471207,Recommended,222480,12939724,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Xx_Avenger_xX,"A friend who I play with recommended this game to play Co-op. I did a bit of research on the game and found out it was a mobile game port, so wasn't really expecting much.However I was pleasantly surprised how it reminded me of old school Resident Evil games I used to play on the Playstation back in the 90s. I actually enjoyed playing this game a lot, and have had some good co-op fun with it.The game starts off quite easy, but the harder difficulties are more challenging .. so it is probably worth starting the campaign off on Normal or Infernal difficulty. The story is reasonably good and keeps you going to see what happens next.Raid mode (the actual Co-Op part of the game) is a blast as you progress through the difficulties. I just wish that it was possible to do the campaign Co-Op like Resident Evil 5, I have no idea why they did not include this feature, maybe it would have made the campaign too easy .. who knows.Lack of Co-Op campaign is really the only big downside to this game, so if you enjoy blasting BOWs with your friends at least you have RAID mode.Recommended."
,Recommended,222480,5620285,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Джонни Снежок,Поначалу где то до 6 главы игра не предподаёт того чего ждали но ближе к половине начинаютя сюжетные повороты хардкор
76561198148712585,Recommended,222480,12319354,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,dmurp1080,Better than previous games..Raide mode is addicting
,Recommended,222480,12331937,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Nyssa,"The gampely is hella fun, alot better than RE6. The story is classic RE silly people rool their eyes at, but I genuinely ejoyed this game. Hell, I loved it as much as RE4."
,Recommended,222480,12447599,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Discriminant,Cool... Doesn't have the RE1-3 atmosphere though.
76561198096099917,Recommended,222480,11012201,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,FallBlade,all the action with less of the stupidty of the other games. it AWESOME!!
,Recommended,222480,11013480,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,JS,buy thisgame if youhave money too
,Recommended,222480,11004494,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Bot Taco,This game brings us back to the Survival/Horror Resident Evil we all know and love. It gives us those likeable characters and story that Resident evil can be. Definetly better than Resident evil 6!
76561198087455559,Recommended,222480,11005194,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Markazie,Great addition to the Resident Evil series well worth playing.
76561197963321051,Recommended,222480,11206157,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Troll,"Well, it isn't the very best horror game I have ever played, but I really liked it. The graphics are good (though I have seen better already), sound keeps up with general feel, but the real power behind this one is it's story. Almost up to the last chapter the player is unsure what is what and who really is a friend and who is an enemy. And what is really going on of course.Definetly worth playing !!!"
76561198041436961,Recommended,222480,10879472,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Architect,A very good game for the RE fans. Very good graphics-sound and nice story
,Recommended,222480,10155232,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,MaxPayne,"Not being a big fan of Resident Evil, this is a pretty good game, being more survival horror than action. Also runs decently on an ASUS T100!!"
,Recommended,222480,10215229,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Ziph,Must have for resident evil fans. If your new to RE this title would be a great start. Simple fun game play. Cheese voice acting. Had a great time playing this one and I am now playing it on hard mode. buy it!
76561198085674103,Recommended,222480,10215648,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Nerrel,"Fans who disliked Resident Evil 5 and 6 will find much more to like in Revelations, though it's still not the return to survival horror that many have been hoping for.   The game plays like a hybrid between Resident Evil 5 and the original Resident Evil, pairing the modern combat system with the cramped, atmospheric indoor settings of the older games; think of what the GameCube remake of RE1 would feel like with an over-the-shoulder camera and you're halfway there.The combination works so well that it makes one wonder why Resident Evil 4 abandoned so much of the classic gameplay in the first place.   The Queen Zenobia and its enemies are actually frightening (even if there aren't many of them) and the game often manages to build up genuine dread about the scenarios the player is in, something newer titles sorely lacked.  Ammo and health are also more limited, but not to the point of making Revelations a true survival horror game.   Unfortunately, the exploration still feels watered down compared to the older games with less backtracking and fewer puzzles to solve, but it's still far less linear than 4, 5, or 6.Capcom can't seem to let go of action and Revelations is packed with a few over the top sequences, most of them occuring in chapters that jump to other characters outside of the Queen Zenobia.    These chapters break the immersion in the ship setting and feel like obligatory diversions from Jill's more interesting campaign, but they're brief enough to be excusable.   In general, the game feels like a broken up collection of moments from all across the series history, in both a good way and bad way- the dumbed down action rears its head once again, but the horror of the older games resurfaces to counter it, sometimes within the same chapter.The campaign can be beaten in about 5-8 hours, a far cry from RE6's 40 hour duration.  Unlike most entries, Revelations does not include the Mercenaries mode to fill out the package, instead offering a new take called Raid mode.  Raid mode has much more in common with the original RE3 incarnation of Mercenaries in which the player would travel across a large, linear stretch of the single player game rather than fighting enemies in a closed arena.  It's generally fun and serves as a welcome break from tradition, but there are many odd choices that hinder the experience.For one, each weapon has its own level.  As the player collects xp from matches, they will be able to purchase higher and higher level weapons, which forces one to keep purchasing the same guns over and over each time they level up while simply discarding their old weapons (they can't be sold back).This is already tedious, but the fact that the store randomly displays only a few guns at a time makes the process that much worse.  Trying to do something as simple as upgrade your pistol from a level 41 to 42 may require opening the shop 4 or 5 times until your handgun is displayed, and even then it may actually be alowerlevel than your current gun or it may inexplicably lack any item slots to equip perks to, forcing you to repeat the process until you find one that does.Why in god's name they didn't use the system from RE4 and 5, letting the player keep and upgradethe same gunover time, is beyond me.Online play is also tedious in that a level 50 player will have guns capable of killing enemies in single shot while a level 5 player will have to empty several clips to get the same effect.  To avoid a wild mismatch of power, high level players have to lower their level manually.   Considering that this must be done every time you play with a lower level player, it's hard to miss the straightforward simplicity of dropping into a Mercenaries match.In terms of what's different from the 3DS release, there's not much worth mentioning- it's 95% the same and the few alterations are meaningless.  Even when maxed out, the game doesn't look good enough to make the 3DS version any less impressive, and the loss of 3D may even give the original  the advantage.  To put it bluntly, it's absolutely not worth upgrading if one already has the 3DS version.Revelations isn't perfect, but it's hard to complain when the game gets so much closer to the classic RE gameplay than the newer installments.  It's certainly worth picking up, but don't expect it to solve all of the series' problems and don't forget it's origins as a more limited handheld game."
,Recommended,222480,14216116,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Spasmoid,Jill.10/10
,Recommended,222480,252393,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,LuMiZoiD,May be a bit too slow for some folks.  The game does attempt to incorporate the first Resident Evil elements with a new story line and enemies.  Still a good story overall and enjoyed the puzzles.  Would give it about 7/10 rating.
76561198026189077,Recommended,222480,14314365,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Sinsuruki,"Only part way through and I really like this game. I have beat most of the Resident Evils 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and some of 6. I didnt like RE5 and 6 was meh. This one though I enjoyed. I have yet to do any raid mode, I may try it after I beat the story.So far so good anyways."
76561198048095390,Recommended,222480,13701558,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,drdemonq8,"This hidden gem in the Resident evil series is the perfect mix between the old and new styles, I'm a Huge fan of this series, and after the abomination that is Resident evil 6, it seems that all hope was gone for this franchise and out of nowhere comes Resident evil revelations, it's a real shame that this entry in the series went under the radar for alot of people, probably due to the fact that the game originally came out on the nintendo 3ds and later was ported as a digital download version for consoles, in short, if you're a fan of the series like i am, do yourself a favour and grab this one, you won't be disappointed.Oh and a sequel to RE Revelations is coming out next year that looks to regain the same playing style as the original, Thumbs up to that."
76561198055663100,Not Recommended,222480,14989636,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,wanglog,"i didn't like it at all.  it was boring - monsters weren't scary, i found myself lost despite the massive map of this ship most of the action takes place on.  skipped the cinematics as the story was too convoluted, and i couldn't care less for the characters.the controls were sticky and slow (no sprint abilities?  no jump ability?!)graphics were alright i suppose.  there is also this tool you have that enables you to find secret hiding spots of ammo and keys and those sorts of things, i found myself using it constantly!!  and it slowed the game down even further.i hated this game!"
,Recommended,222480,14427191,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Rhubarb,Great Resident Evil installment. Do yourself a favor and play it.
76561198035068535,Recommended,222480,13423190,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Pidi,"The game is almost perfect but the endboss is impossible to defeat (only on PC) and sometimes don´t react if you shoot on him!  Resident Evil Revelations is a bad PC-Port !Only the end of the game has bugs !!!Jill want to find Chris and Chris want to find Jill ... it´s all about searching someone - but it´s cool!In some levels is this game like Resident Evil (1) because you get scared and have not much ammo and find rare medicinal plants. These levels are ""good to play"" and give you the right Resident Evil-feeling.But better you buy this game on console if you can, because it has some bugs at the endboss level!"
,Recommended,222480,14923624,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ShXIII,"Resident Evil Revelations PC: Just finished this after RE6 and it was a much better RE experience however there were some horrible scripting and just plain stupid new characters. Overall it was a good game, nothing really to say about graphics as this is a port from a handheld. FOV is ♥♥♥♥ing awful but can be fixed with Widescreen Fixer.It has a pet peeve of mine in a lot video games, why does reloading a shotgun/revolver two bullets give you a full clip? I ♥♥♥♥ing hate that nonsense, if the shotgun holds six rounds they better load 6 ♥♥♥♥ING SHELLS.I recommend it if you are a hardcore RE fan otherwise you can safely skip it"
,Recommended,222480,14887494,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,MagTheMercenary,Fills in the gap between 4 and 5.
76561198023127399,Recommended,222480,14072465,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Maiden_jr,6/10
76561198023023915,Recommended,222480,15029611,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,hagakuremoi,"Excellent game, well optimized, nice graphics, fluid controls, interesting characters and story."
76561198077105794,Recommended,222480,21268647,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Nursing Student,If Resident Evil were a soap opera.
,Recommended,222480,21216597,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Red Lemon,"being a 3DS port I was reluctant to play it, but as a dedicated fan of the series I felt obligated to give it a shot - and I was pleasantly surprised.the upscaling from 3DS to PC is actually damn impressive.  it's good enough by last gen standards, and sure it has some glitches and bugs here and there, but nevertheless pretty solid.the storyline is dumb, but this RE doesn't really take itself all that seriously: from the ""previously on..."" segments between episodes, to the ridiculous female wetsuit attire and banter between characters.  with that said, playing through the multiple character arcs is a fun way to stretch out the limited gameplay and keep it fresh.worth picking up during a sale.8 Jill sandwiches / 10"
76561197991279501,Recommended,222480,21468421,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ghost Judicator,"Tight,hopeless,out numbered...thats the feel of the game, and it is very well done, I even find the funny manga or spahghetti western style lay out by the episode very good and it has caused me to laugh slightly right before some crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥happens."
,Recommended,222480,23764017,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ivan Ivanović Ivanov,"It may just be the most generic Resident Evil you can find out there, but I don't think it deserves a negative review, because if you buy a Resident Evil game, then you expect a Resident Evil game and this game is probably just what you expect."
,Recommended,222480,22004149,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Sodium Chloride,"Definitely one of my favorite resident evil games. I love how they brought back all of the horror elements from previous games and expanded on it! And of course, raid mode is amazing and I could play it for hours on end. Should you buy this game if you love resident evil? YES :D"
76561198126619793,Recommended,222480,22017455,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,plcovian,"So much fun, so creepy, and the story had me riveted."
,Not Recommended,222480,21930735,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Nightmare!,"This game is a bad joke by every definition. While the graphics aren't completely outmoded, prepare yourself for visuals that would feel right at home during 2008. Literally. Voice acting is God-awful. Characters are creepy automotons with some stalker-ish characters like CreepyJessica asking if you like her rear end while she takes her time to save you from a pack of zombie-wolves (yes, zombie wolves --- wth?)The game maps are horrendously linear and absurdly small. Weapon ammunition is limited in order to amp the feeling of powerlessness but the weapons themselves feel underpowered and worthless compared to...get this... a karate kick. There is no dedicated dodge key and instead you have to time the forward movement keys to avoid some attacks. Puzzles are brutally stupid and often make no sense.Oh and the story...where do I start. The story is nonsensical and designed for morons. You spend a good 10 minutes collecting ""data samples"" with a magical device that can analyze ANYTHING from giant mutants on a beach about a quarter of a city block in length, while your boss stands 50 feet away demanding what's taking so long. You reach into mutated, infected biomatter with your bare hands without fear of contamination but apparently everyone else is infected by the merest scratch.A terrorist group leaks information of a secret base in an arctic location...so they can lure Chris Redfield and CreepyJessica to a radio-silenced area. Redfield and Jessica find the base but it turns out it was all an elaborate ruse to actually lure Jill Valentine and some pudgy Redshirt into a derelict ship...how exactly? How was Redfield's signal drawn there? Why not just capture Redfield and bring him to the ship? I mean, you're going to build a BASE in the ARCTIC so you can trick two different agents onto a ship thousands of miles away. Wait, what?And that's just the first quarter of the short, uninspired, ridiculously-plotted game.People will argue that this game was a DS/Gameboy game and that its limitations are born from that. My rebuttal is that iOS has plenty of full-fledged games with better graphics (Infinity Blade III), better gameplay (Implosion) and better voice acting/plot (Republique) than this normally 30 dollar crapshow.  I suppose if the game was priced like an iOS title, at 5-10 dollars, it might be worth it but not at that price. What a ripoff.AVOID.4/10."
,Recommended,222480,22139576,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Mean Mr. Mustard,"Mean Mr. Mustard's short Resident Evil Revelations review1) Essential - buy it NOW2) Recommended - buy it on sale3) AvoidTime to complete – 11 hours, cleared the campaign on ""Normal"" and played some ""Raid mode""Played multiplayer? NoWorth revisiting? Yes, Raid mode is nice to jump back into, campaign is not worth revisitingBest part – Raid Mode, an arcade-like, score attack kind of mode, with plenty of unlockables and badges to earnWorst part – The later parts of the campaign, while it starts off strong, it soon loses it's atmosphere and turns into a bit of a bore-fest"
76561198102727942,Recommended,222480,22146975,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,TheXevv,"It plays just like playing on the 3DS, but with better graphics. And with computer play, it's easier to find a friend willing to play raid mode with you. I also have this game on my Wii U."
76561197970554803,Recommended,222480,25284050,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Squatingtiger,"There is a rediculous amount of lore when it comes to the Biohazard/RE series but I'd consider Revelations a pretty important part of that lore.I wasn't sure exactly what to expect, right off finishing RE4, I started this and I was first impressed how fluid it ran on my PC. Secondly, the pace of the story and gameplay was great, the only problem I had was the episodic delivery, I guess not all that bad but the chapters really only take 20-40 mins to finish, that's a plus and a negative, it keeps the pace going but short...depending on how you like your games.Me personally, I was glued, the story was a little hard to follow to start but makes sense at the end. Much more fun with a play through but I didn't bother finishing a new game +, I was only in it for the story.As for the Raid mode, I didn't even play much but it seemed a bit like a skirmish mode, adds nothing to story but a nice little side game.I any RE fan could appreciate this game."
,Not Recommended,222480,19866031,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,N0tRelevent,"If you are in for a good-old school resident evil experience you are in for a disappointment. While many people talk about RE going back to its roots with the revelation series the honest truth for RE veterans is that Capcom is very far from it. For me RE last root installment was Code Veronica everything afterward is closer to being a shooter than a survival horror.Let me start with what I look for when talking about ""root RE experience"":- Teasing, mysterious, cold, intriguing and uneasy atmosphere and level design- Limited resources that forces you to strive for any items/ammunition you can find and think once, twice and five times before firing a bullet- Narrative driven enemies that you are both annoy and scare the S#$t out of you and yet compel you to respect their presence- Music that defines the installment and propels the atmosphere and level design.- Puzzles, locked doors, some positive back tracking to find out what's behind that door or corridor that you couldn't explore beforeNow back to Revelations. Apart from the ""Resident Evil"" title and the presence of known characters from the franchise it has non of the elements that defines a root RE experience for me.- The game is basically a shooter. The main value of the game if running around shooting creatures.- Narrative is laughable and reminds me of RE arcade shooters. I think resident evil survivor has a storyline way better then this game. You can barely relate to any event or character in here- Atmosphere and nostalgia is a thing of the past. Here you will be going through various shooting galleries where you walk in shoot a bunch of enemies and scan stuff and move on to the next gallery- The game episodic design makes the pacing of the game absolutely horrendous- Unless you are shooting blindly, resources are almost unlimited. Healing items, ammunition and other items are everywhere and the game will baby you if you run shortTLDR: If you are looking for an original Resident Evil experience (pre Code Veronica experience) this game is not for you. If you are looking for a horror shooter garbage (Resident Evil 4 onward) this game will be OK"
,Recommended,222480,3340688,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,D.I.A.B.L.O,чувствуеться атмосфера 1-3 частей
76561198117109611,Recommended,222480,19926086,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Fufufufu,"If you like spoopy stuff, scary stuff, and hot zombie action, (I'm looking at you, Rachel)  then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,222480,20696244,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Jel,"This is great! This is amazing! This is fantastic! What more is there to say? Definitely a worthwhile entry into the survival horror genre. I kept running out of ammo, which kept me terrified - as I rightfully should be. The jump scares are predictable, but that's what makes them so great; the monsters are so gross that you can't help but feel freaked out anyway. Good horror game, good RE game, A++."
76561198086805988,Recommended,222480,20610044,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,gamercoon,"Bear in mind I played the older Resident Evil games more than the newer ones, so my experience with the game might be different from someone who started with 5.This game is kind of strange as far as Resident Evil is concerned. It's got some decent scares not unlike the original games, as well as a really interesting setting for half of the game that FEELS like a genuine horror experience, but it also has the third-person behind-the-back camera of the later games as well as some segments that are heavily action-focused. As far as the action is concerned, it's fine, but the way the game switches from standard horror that seems like a shout-out to previous games and heavy action set pieces is kind of jarring.I feel like half the team working on the project wanted to make a game closer to the older Resi games, while the other half of the team, or corporate, or someone thought they should focus more on the action-oriented later games since they sold well, and as a result the game is a little messy. Is it fun? Yes. Was I into it? Yes.Did I care about the story? Well....half of it.Just don't pay full price for it."
,Recommended,222480,15600224,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,osricen,"Resident Evil: Revelations offers solid gameplay, nice HD graphics and content to keep you entertained a good time. It doesn't get boring or repetitive on its extra modes and invites you to get better at each try. Totally recommended."
,Recommended,222480,13949079,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Kinglee,Had to purchase this again after losing my original copy. Fantastic 10/10!
76561198018819374,Recommended,222480,7550073,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Arnoc,"Closer to the original Resident Evil than RE5, nice character switches and levels, though a bit redundant. Nevertheless worth the time and cash for the sake of a typical RE-Chapter, if you like 3/4-Letter-Agencies, mutants and the solving of almost all problems with guns facing boss enemies. So far.. so good. I miss the Zombies from the first parts though."
76561198070697237,Recommended,222480,13842443,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Creme_Anglais,"I liked it more than RE5, but the game still lacked the intensity of RE4 and the puzzles/tension of the other RE games.  Another issue I had with the game was that I did not like the episodic structure since it messed up the pacing and ruined the intensity that was building up.  The controls are a tad sluggish, but for the most part they work and the action is fun, but not as well done as in RE 4 and 5.  I liked the ability to customize my weapons and the inclusion of a new game plus mode adds replay value to the game.My Rating: 3.5/5"
76561198035862440,Recommended,222480,14466005,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Based Loli God,"With this game I have to say that Capcom made some progress to return the series to it's former glory. I hope this was a wake up call for them, it's a small step in the right direction. It makes me exited to see what will happen to Resident evil in the future because it seems to look a little brighter. Anyhow the game is good and older RE fans will feel more at home with this one than the most recent installments. But there were some things that could have been better gameplay wise but it's understandable since it is a port of a 3ds game. Another thing I want to mention is that the game is pretty short for being a RE game, took me about 6-7 hours to finish while RE 4 took me like 14+ hours to finish. I think it's a good resident evil game and definetly shows that Resident Evil has potential to become perhaps the best survival horror series again even if it might take some time for it to happen."
,Recommended,222480,14531265,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Mountain Dukkake,"I don't have much play time on the PC version, but I did play through this entire game on my 3DS and played a large portion of the online before the HD version was released. Capcom, THIS is a Resident Evil game done right. To be fair though, I didn't mind RE6, or even ORC for that matter, but I'm probably in the minority here. Anyway, all the stuff that a fan of classic resident evil wants is here: excellent pacing, horrific tension, limited supplies (kind of) and all the cheesy dialogue the writers at Capcom could shove in here. I say kind of limited supplies, because you're given a scanner-gun very early on that allows you to scan enemies to create Green Herbs. The way it works though, is that if an enemy is already dead and you go to scan them, you'll get a minimal amount of points towards your herbage. If you scan a still-living enemy you'll get a load more points. You can also use the scanner to find handprints (RE games always have collectibles and, uh, this is it?) and secret pick-ups.The gameplay is pretty much the same from RE4, but it's obviously a little bit more up to date. It feels familiar but fresh. The game also allows you to choose between aiming in first, or third person. I played with the first person aim and loved it. Give it a shot if you haven't, it's a whole different experience.The story was pretty solid, for a fairly cheesy one. And I personally enjoyed all the nods/references to Dante Alighieri's Divina Comedia which I myself have read and very much enjoyed. However, that mission with the 2 random dudes that hold absolutely no weight whatsoever in the story? Kinda felt like padding, and it takes away from the almost perfect pacing of the game. I didn't mind switching between multiple protagonists, but those 2 goons were just, well, goons.The game also has a co-op mode that I had put a handful of hours into. It's fun with strangers but even more fun with friends. It feels very different from the single player in the sense that enemies now have a health-bar, and power levels. If you've ever played Borderlands you'll get the grasp of it very quickly. There are tons of different guns to collect, including super rare/unique weapons. You can also modify your weapons with a plethora of different parts in single player and in Co-op.Definitely pick up this game if you're an old fan of the series, but if you're new and looking for a solid entry point, go with RE4. And if you're interested in playing RE4 and aren't a graphics nazi, I highly recommend the Wii version. Best controls of all the versions I've played."
76561198098597642,Not Recommended,222480,14409133,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,BL2game,"a good game ,but beware,that co op tag mean some co op mini game,not co op campaign/story.i bought this with my bro based on that tag[i know,i should've read a review first],and we r so frustrated when we find out we cant co op campaign mode..holy cow,that price point,i got this on a discount,but i never knew the original price!5/10,need campaign co op,and lower price.at this point,i only will recommend this,if its got at least 50% sales on it."
,Recommended,222480,15616912,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,SagsterCrzzyPants,"A surprisingly creepy iteration of Resident Evil; this game tries to return to the horror roots. The story is in episodic format, and gets a bit convoluted with constant switching between characters/time periods. It's also slightly uninspired but the atmosphere and small degree of exploration allowed makes up for it. Enemies are horrifying and resource management is more important than it was in RE4 or RE5 (I actually ran out of ammo a few times). Despite originally being for the Nintendo DS, the HD version really improves the graphics, being as good as RE5 on medium settings.Raid mode is a fun time-waster but gets repetitive after a few hours. Recommended but I'd wait for a sale."
76561198076589457,Recommended,222480,7534071,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Mega,Not Bad.BUTThat game is easy to crash.
,Recommended,222480,7206726,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,megaman8,"Perfect game, amazing"
,Recommended,222480,6903622,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,JasonRy8,"Ahh Revelations. This game is especially perfect for the people like myself who have only played RE 4-6. This game is very much mostly old school survival horror from the days of RE1-3 and very little emphasis on action, just mostly on throwbacks or on the side characters. Now to those who loved RE5-6 only for the co-op, you will not get co-op in the story but only in its other part, Raid Mode, which is very different to The Mercenaries in the recent entries. This game has a lot more weapon customization than RE6. Also be wise with your ammo as much as you can since you won't be able to melee as easy in this game compared to RE4-6. However, the story is on par to RE4-6 if not better since there is more common sense in the situations and to reasoning compared to RE6 especially. Well Raid Mode, all I'm gona say is that its really fun. If the game was 40 I would give the immediate recommendation and 8.5. but since its not the case, it gets an 8 from me, Well hope RE7 can be on point with this game and the upcoming survival horror game, The Evil Within, :)."
,Recommended,222480,6553890,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,oOMr.FarrellOo,"well, it has a nice story line. one thing  there should no AI with players so that we could give like 9 points for this game."
76561197970390813,Recommended,222480,7540888,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,killian™,"If you are an old school Resident Evil Fan, it's really worth it to take a look at this game. Outstanding campaign,atmosphere and great coop mode  9/10"
,Recommended,222480,7813972,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,metanar,"Overall, while Resident Evil: Revelations may not be the most polished experience, it’s still a joy to play and has some scary moments as well as the potential for great value for money with its higher difficulty setting that completely rearranges enemy and item placements and the interesting 2 player raid mode, this is something you’ll probably want to pick up if you’re a Resident Evil or survival horror fan. If Resident Evil isn’t a series that you love, you might want to skip it, or wait for it to be reduced on sale, however, as it largely relies upon throwbacks to earlier games in its ported version.Read the full review on GSM Gaming:http://gsmgaming.tumblr.com/post/65250527803/halloween-2013-resident-evil-revelations"
76561198003057740,Recommended,222480,7888363,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,- D'jя -,"This game has a good ambiance, to play in the dark, sad there is no local co-op"
,Recommended,222480,8364365,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EscapeRouteBritish,An action orientated survival-horror romp with a mediocre story. I stayed to see the story through.
,Recommended,222480,8274419,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ramba Ral von Franco,"Thinking Resident Evil is getting too anime? Well, technically you can clothesline an Hunter in this one, but that's awesome. It is a nice balance between the gameplay of RE IV action to the classic Resident Evil atmosphere of just going through a mansion, except it's a ship. Coop missions are a lot of fun when you play with friends on it."
,Recommended,222480,8278679,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ponyhkiin,"Revelations is rather a movie than a game for me. It is not as exciting as 4, 5 or 6 RE's, but still the story kept me interested and the solid game mechanics are much unchanged. If you decide to pass you won't miss anything critical. Do try it if you are a fan of the series bored waiting for the next big title."
76561198041774909,Recommended,222480,8415960,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Neko,"Out of all of the RE titles on PC, if I could recommend only one, this would be it.Raid mode gets a bit repetitive, but there's still a good 20 or so hours of game here."
76561198296767788,Recommended,222480,28675808,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,slackermusic2004,"An amazing return to form for resident evil, with its amazing graphics and scary enviorments"
,Recommended,222480,7453795,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Rootbeer128,"I bought this on sale for $13, and it was more than worth the price. This game is scarier than the other Resident Evil games, and is more old school horror. It's a great game, and stays tense, but fun all the way to the end. It was really worth it."
76561197987906667,Recommended,222480,12028741,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,BOB2787ESQ,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=311763783
76561198153013239,Recommended,222480,24082548,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,tarf™,Jill's booty tho amirite
,Recommended,222480,23882774,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,aPaNTheRa,Great game!
,Recommended,222480,23949498,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Jenn of the Dead,"It's been a long, LONG, time since I've played a Resident Evil game and bought this one with fairly low expectations, but I was surprised.  The story was good, some of it a bit predictable but what isn't these days?  The voice over work was great, which is always a plus.  Some of the mechanics were a little hard to get the hang of at first, especially with the scanner, but it was far easier to aim and hit a target than a lot of the shooter games I've played on steam so far (especially using a PS4 controller).  Overall, I really enjoyed this and was eager to go back to some of the other RE games I've missed through the years and give them a try."
76561198108253576,Recommended,222480,23906173,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Master Chieft,"This is awesome, is not so scary but its better than nothing"
,Recommended,222480,10922272,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Rockiwan,"This game  I was lke WTF what happened to you Capcom why cannot you make the modern ones liek this oone, since you Chooseto ingore that 1-3 and CV Exist. This is a good game but wait for another sale you can finish the game in about a full day. But the game was really good, I got mine when it was about $12 for the complete pack.  Yes I would recommend this game to others if you are a Resident Evil fan. Damn you Capcom please make more Resident Evil Titles like this one."
76561198140180330,Recommended,222480,18079316,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,성혜진,"Story=awesome,magnificent,you name it.that 'previously,previously' prologue for each episode really do the trickGameplay=-smooth animation,especially when jump down from ladder,reload animation,opening door,and walking movement.it's so realistic-raid mode is better than mercenary(customizable weapon load out),but.......the leveling system that makes it worse.too many handicap and overwhelming odds,it's not even close to easy-each character have their own move,which is awesomeWeakness=stupid idiot dlc,i mean all of them.(lv 1 weapons with lv1 parts)you know why,because raid mode urges gamers to use   the same level weapons according to the character level for best performance.(if you play w/ lv 34 weapon in a lv 23 character then your weapon become lv 23,but lv 1 weapon STILL become a lv 1 weapon no matter how tall your character level)"
76561198188886469,Recommended,222480,29229628,Posted: 13 January,all,Zoom®,"This game was fun i enjoyed it! It had alot of back tracking which is always a thing but i didnt mind it. i give this game a 8.5/10!Raid Mode: havent played much (no one else to play with) but it doesnt bother me ill comeplete it solo ;)Pro's: Ran well, good Gfx and Sound!Con's: Not okay with backtracking at times bad gun and dodge mechanics (sometimes felt stif in my opinon)"
76561198281756135,Recommended,222480,32268721,Posted: 8 June,all,Salt Lord,Some gud♥♥♥♥♥♥ Another Success from Nintendo/Capcom
,Not Recommended,222480,32227677,Posted: 6 June,all,Scythe,Short game with narrow FOV and monsters who could only kill at a comedy club.
76561198076664881,Recommended,222480,10504222,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Superkkkx,very fun
76561198357078315,Recommended,222480,32888336,Posted: 27 June,all,vittorioG88,First time I have played resident evil game withEpisodes...I finished and start revelation 2....Nice songs and fantastic graphic....the monsters they look very good....good work Capcom
76561198005708172,Recommended,222480,32831545,Posted: 26 June,all,AlexTheProfessional,An Excellent Resident evil. The game is really good the story is enjoyable the Raid mode is fun and that ambiance is amazing but the graphics are kind bad but it is understandable from a 3DS game ported on PC.
,Recommended,222480,33549282,Posted: 14 July,all,Chitsuki,Good Game
76561197995196273,Recommended,222480,33556931,Posted: 15 July,all,j.lmcmaster,Your on a ship full of zombies and monsters.You must survive.is it that thrilling? Sort of.It is good but some of the puzzles are sooooo annoying that you may be tempted to just stop playing.Wait for the sale and then buy it.
,Recommended,222480,33505134,Posted: 13 July,all,yohansbeanprout07,"Great storyline, fine animation, good co-op. 8/10Weird facial expression of JessicaBuy during sale only"
76561198046992905,Recommended,222480,33430334,Posted: 10 July,all,Damna,"A fun campaign set in Resident Evil's dark but admittedly hokey world, smoother controls than the series normally sees, a reasonably lengthy campaign, if gunning down zombies in a gorgeous survivor horror world sounds like your idea of a fun adventure, I'd say give this one a look."
,Recommended,222480,33989677,Posted: 3 August,all,W4YNEWHITE,"Resident Evil: Revelations.I enjoyed this RE installment very much however short it felt. It did feel as if my playthrough was rushed most of the time, however this may be due to it being originally designed for the handheld device. A great story coupled with a few predictable surprises made RE:Rev a great overall experience.9/10."
,Recommended,222480,34399329,Posted: 21 August,all,Barrfind V.,"Resident Evil: Revelations splices the survival horror DNA of classic Resident Evil with the new, brisker strain of Resident Evils 4 and 5. The result isn't an Umbrella-style crime against nature, but a healthy, happy hybrid: an optimum mix of tense, creepy exploration and stop&shoot action, telling a tale of bioterrorism and unwise genetic meddling aboard an abandoned ocean liner. It's also lovely to look at. Resident Evil always have a beautiful ladies.With around 10 hours of action in your first playthrough, Revelations is a sizeable adventure. After you complete it, there's a much tougher difficulty mode and the option to replay with all the gear acquired in your first playthrough."
76561198096838658,Not Recommended,222480,34399190,Posted: 21 August,all,[765PRO] HotHot,"I dont see the impovement in the quality of the video, sad, for me, i think the hd in 4 and 5 even better than this"
,Recommended,222480,34426994,Posted: 22 August,all,Christina,"Cool game!, I mean, cool game. not quiet good game.... it's a fun ride, but for someone like me who has been playing RE since first Playstation original. .... it really falls short in every aspect, controls, story, characters. The conspiracy is really stupid, this is more a political game than a horror game. I felt rushed to finish it and forget about it."
76561198338231684,Recommended,222480,35509175,Posted: 5 October,all,June,"Hello and hope you enjoy my review of RE.RResident Evil Revelations is one of the well rounded RE games.Game Time: it took me 8hrs to complete on normal difficulty.The combat:   is 3rd person shooter your basic style with a cross hair aim and guns with some nice dodge michanic that may seem hard but once you figure it out you will start doing by instinc. you collect ammo laying around in the oddest places and you have a scanner to help you find more hidden in plain site. enemys are not super smart but they do have some michanics that will have you focusing so you can avoidThe story:  the story takes places in 3 different locations. without spoilers they are the ship. the snowy mountain, and the city of Terragrigia. you will control 4 different characters that are part of 3 different teams. the story is about the Abyss T-Virus and without spoilers thats all you need to know. the voice acting and written theme as well as the hidden Notes are all very well doneMultiplayer: i did not try but its a raidoverall its a pretty decent game and if you like other RE games you love this one as it has some scares in it"
