user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197999963331,Recommended,222640,9162878,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Axeecutioner,"Great game. I give it 8/10.Pros:-Puzzles to unlock goodies on about every level-Awesome puzzles to complete storyline-Good storyline-Combat is intriguing and makes you think--must be very strategic.-The number of companions that you can control and deck out with gear-Pausing the game to plan out strategies-Talent trees to cutomize for each companion; it adds a deeper level of gameplay-Decent graphicsCons:-Game has some bugs--sometimes the abilities for a companion will not show up. Or, when you click on a companion, another companion's abilities show up. When this happens, you have to restart the game to fix....So, because of this, you need to remember to save the game after every battle!!-Gear is simplistic--it doesn't seem to have gear specific to any one character, it doesnt change the look of your character, and it does not change or add abilities to any character. Basically. gear just adds passive stats.-No end game. When you beat it, that's it. No unlocking of ubber mode, or anything, to find better gear for your characters. So, you can't really do anything else with the characters you have leveled up and decked out...not even restart and play the game again with your decked out characters.Pro or Con?-Easy to cheat to get gear. Just stand in front of a treasure box before you open it and save. If you don't like what you get, just load that save point and try again. You can do this when creating loot, too.-Right before you beat the game, the storyline takes a drastic turn and ends, leaving you hanging.What I would like to see in DLC or part 2 if they choose to make it, which devs should:-Instead of still pausing, make it to where everything is in slowmo when you hit what is now the pause key.-better gear-some end game-more challenges and hidden treasure-more bossesTips if you decide to buy:-Save Frequently-Wendaroo is freaking awesome, so learn how to use her.-Save before opening chests so you can reload last save if you don't like what you get.-When creating loot, the last item is the item you will create.. it could've been my imagination, though, but it usually also had the last attribute of that item put into it too.-Go for one target at first--usually the squishy magic type, like priests or mages. If you can't demolish it in 5 seconds,  split your damage amongst other targets...usually I tried demolishing one fast. But when that didn't work, I usually split dmg across two targets  in two seperate areas until one or the other was very low hp and then switched to full focus dmg on that one. This also helped me metigate inc damage better because I could see everything that was going on better so I knew who to heal and dispel and such."
,Recommended,222640,10407492,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,bobnowhere,"Aarklash Legacy is a highly tactical RPG set in the world of Aarklash and based on the desktop miniature game Confrontation.  While not a direct sequel by any means, it is set in the same world as the handily named Confrontation, a far inferior game,  also from Cyanide Studios.You play as a group of Wheelswords, the debt collectors of the Gold Mongers guild, the group that funds the armies of the ever warring races in Aarklash.  Your initial 4 person group is quite the motley lot, a part mechanical lizard with self confidence issues, a dog-monster, a tiny rat-like man and the standard fantasy trope of a sorceress in skin tight revealing clothing.  While the player doesn't have a customisable avatar of their own, it becomes clearer as the story goes that one of the starting four serves as the POV character.  Over the course of the game you'll meet 4 more characters that can be swapped in at any time for a maximum of 4 in the party.  All the characters are interesting and frequently talk among themselves and the game itself is fully voice acted very well.Where the game really shines is the isometric real-time with pause combat.  The standard MMO trinity applies here, with a tank to hold and collect as many mobs up as possible and hopefully orient them away from the squishier party members and 3 support or damage dealers.  Each character is limited to only four abilities and an auto-attack.  While this might seem limiting at first all the abilities can be significantly changed as you level up and with the ability to respec at will you can tailor your group to each individual fight.  Positioning is vitally important here, many of your parties abilities are line of sight.  There is nothing more annoying than firing off a healing disk and having an enemy walk in between and get healed instead!All enemies and bosses have there own set of abilities that can be viewed at any time and you should ignore these at your peril.  Enemies come in many types, tanks who self-heal and can resurrect themselves, healers, debuffers, melee, ranges, summoners and many more.  While bosses come with own set of difficulties, many have insta-kill abilities like stay too close and you die, stay too far away and you die or don't stand here and you die.  You'll die a lot but all these abilities are telegraphed well!   Buffing and debuffing also plays a vital role in the game.  A favourite trick of enemy casters is to immediately turn off your group members most vital abilities but luckily some of your other characters are able to strip debuffs off one member and apply them to themselves.  Enemies will also constantly control your characters and many fights do degenerate into battling a series of buffs and debuffs with the first few seconds of any fight being the most important.  Though one criticism might be once you break the back of an enemy group, it can become a bit of a grind to finish a group off with no real threat.As opposed to the combat this is not a gear heavy game though, each character only has 4 slots, relic, ring, necklace and earring and you can't change armor or weapons or make any visual change to the characters.  There are also no merchants in the game, just a recycling mechanic where once you put in enough items in you'll get a high quality item back.The game also contains a heavy puzzle element outside of the combat.   From the standard lights out puzzles, though on a grand scale, to match the floaty magic symbol with various parts made up from lever pulls to guide the light through a maze.  At times the number of puzzles in a row can overwhelm, you can bypass some of them, but you might miss out on some of the best loot!This game is very demanding of the player, asking of exact positioning, use of all your various abilities and strategies and punishing of mistakes.  The difficulty is also set very high, it's not easy, medium, hard, it's more on the Super Hexagon Scale, hard, harder and harderest!  Though I think the latest patch may have toned the difficulty down a little bit.  But, don't let that scare you off as you'll miss one of the best tactical RPGs in years!9.5/10"
,Recommended,222640,12663158,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Man Nurse,"Story is intriguing in the beginning, dulls after a while. Puzzles are kind of annoying in this game. Loot does not reflect on your characters looks, and loot is basically just stat upgrades.HOWEVER, Gameplay is SOLID. Very fun. Very tactical. Has a tactical pause system and making a wrong decision in battle wether that be your positioning or focusing the wrong guy first or missing an ability timing... can kill you. The cons mentioned up above are annoying yeah, but overall in a game like this , the gameplay is the most important part to me. I bought it at full price and was pleased with my experience. If you're not sure, wait for a sale and then DEFINITELY pick it up.Each character has 4 main abilities. As you level up characters in the game, you can allocate stat points into these abilities. Each ability has a tree that branches out into different paths. You can basically max two of any of the eight branches on each character, thus customizing their playstyle. You can have a mage healer, or they can be a damage dealer or a mix. You can implant a seed that will explode if you kill the enemy within x number of seconds, and the explosion can do a heal AOE to teammates caught within range of said explosion, or you can max a completely different ability.There end up being eight playable characters, and you make a party of four. You choose the four. Seriously, the gameplay styles are really left in your hands with how you want to play the game. Very wise on the devs part. These are the reasons the gameplay is so satisfying. When all the abilities in your party go off just right and you completely wreck a mob... it feels pretty good."
,Recommended,222640,2605185,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,s | voxx,"One of the best games I have played in a long time. Challenging, engaging, beautiful and a little retro. And the best part.. cheap.Aarklash isn't very deep in terms of RPG elements (though they are there, in a skill tree/limited inventory kind of way) but it is extremely deep in terms of gameplay. This is the first game in a long time where I relished the rematch after I was utterly destroyed.  Battles take place in real time, but you can pause at any time to chain orders. You can also remap your skill tree before a battle at no cost, so if at first you don't obiliterate - recalibrate, recalibrate again.The downside, and the reason I stopped playing in the end game, are the puzzles. At first the game reminded me of ""The Summoning"" where battles were intermixed with puzzles. But in the second act I was starting to get annoyed, and by the third act I had had enough. It just grinds the pace down to fight, puzzle, puzzle, fight, puzzle. And the puzzles aren't even interesting! They are rehashes of the earlier ones, with stupid terms and well...The upside is the fist half of the game, the pacing is spot-on, the graphics are sweet and like i said, the battles are the kind of thing that you walk away from a loss intrigued and not frustrated. You can constantly employ different teams and different skill sets, which leads to a depth not really seen in many games. I just wish they had spent more time developing the puzzles, instead of copy-pasting them at greater frequency.All scores out of 10, with 7 the highest:Graphics: 7Sound: 7Depth: 7Retro: 7Puzzles: 1End game: 4RPG: 5Strategy: 7"
76561197973706677,Recommended,222640,11133461,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,blacktomcat,"Tactical party-based rpg with heavy focus on combatGood points:Nice storyInteresting CharactersChallanging tactical combatsWell balanced combat systemCheapRiddles lighten the gameplay up from time to timeBad Points:Very straight forward with little space to explore and no alternative solutionsShortLittle point in replaying, else than doing the ragnarok achievmentsDisappointing endRiddles are too easyNo influence on character devlopment (in terms of roleplay, not in terms of skills! you have all freedom there)Conclusion:I would recommend the game to everyone who misses Baldurs Gate /Icewind Dale or challanging combat rpgs in general.Do not assume it to have the character or story depths of said games though, or you will be disappointed!"
76561198004415834,Recommended,222640,7803385,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cat,"I highly recommend this!From start to finish the combat is very engaging and has a great level of difficulty in terms of challenge and balancing from normal to hard difficulties.There is a good range of different combinations with party members and talent trees so don't get too distracted by the equipment load out which is not as extensive as other RPG's, this game is honestly just very solid gameplay wise.The visuals are lovely, there is a decent single player story to go through and then throw in a bunch of hidden areas with some puzzle sections and you may experience one of the more satisfying games in a while!I also recommend checking out a YouTube channel by Force Strategy Gaming for a nice overview of the game in action."
76561198027901820,Recommended,222640,12733592,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,junkramen,"6.5/10Fun game with significant flaws.  A lot of people compare it with Baldur's Gate but it has more in common with Freedom Force and other tactical games with ""less RPG"" and more ""tactics"" due a heavy emphasis on micromanagement and less so on itemization and characterization.  Character customization is fun but fairly linear and you can respec your characters outside of combat at any time.  Battles can be fun and difficulty is somewhat high by today's standards.  Graphics are pretty good.Some may enjoy the puzzles in this game and range from condescendingly easy to slightly annoying but solvable.  I feel that they are a detriment because they're too easy for fans of puzzle solving and annoying to fans of pure micromanagement.  The story is largely ignorable and the voice acting is mostly very bad.  There's a lot of poor grammar within the tooltips and the dialogue.The item system is one of the worst I've seen in a game.  You can outfit your characters with various trinkets and jewelery for small stat increases, but progression is mostly very flat.  It's fun in games like Baldur's Gate to find various weapons with neat mods but in this game it begins to feel like a chore to make sure your healer upgrades his ""+5% healing done"" trinket to ""7% healing done.""  There's certainly no meaningful customization to be done with the items either because the mods are so linear, so they would have been better off not having items in the first place a la Freedom Force.The game is pretty short, but if it were any longer it would get repetitive.  I wouldn't pay full price for it.In short:THE GOOD:-Challenging tactical ""RPG"" that demeands significant micromanagement-Simple, but effective customization of character trees allows for a decent variety of gameplay options-The game knows its audience and doesn't cram storyline down your throatTHE BAD:-Tooltips and dialogue lack polish-Poor storyline, weak voice acting-Itemization is weak-Relatively short game-Puzzles often feel more annoying than thought provokingOverall, it's a decent game for the right gamer, but I wouldn't pay full price for it."
76561198082613126,Recommended,222640,16762302,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Percy Jackson,"Aarklash: Legacy is a RTWP (Real time with pause) game. While it does not have the story that a Baldur's Gate (or Pillars of Eternity) has, it shines in its- Characters: distinct abilities, well-defined characters- Graphics: Nicely drawn- Tactical gameplay: In the best traditions of Icewind Dale. The fights require thought, and synergy in abilities in your characters, where the next point is important.......- Strategic gameplay: Redo your choices in the skill tree anytime, choose among the available characters- Polish: Free from bugs- Difficulty Levels:  The game is best appreciated on the harder difficulty levels, making you improve your strategies, and sometimes play through multiple times. However, there are four levels of difficulty, including on the fly changes that are particularly useful to get you through a hard fight.- Pricing: Far less than a Pillars of Eternity, particularly when its on saleCons:- Story is trivial, focus is on the fights- Voice acting is a boreSummary:This game really should have done better than it has."
,Recommended,222640,12561667,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Sabien,"Aarklash: Legacy is a great game. When I first bought it, the voice acting, dialogue, and poorly written skill descriptions (there are a lot of them) scared me away.  Everything else about this game brought me back in.During the first few fights of the game the pause function seems really gimicky. But it quickly makes this game playable, and interesting. Because you can take your time, learning everything about a fight and making the best reactions, the games dificulty rapidly increases, making some fights brutal, but ultimately fair.If you like killing stuff just cause, learing and adapting, character advancement and sweet, sweet loot, then ready your credit card. Be prepared to skip some awkward cutscenes and disable the onscreen tutorials."
,Recommended,222640,18228016,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,StupidFox,"This is definitely one of those diamonds in the rough kind of games. The strategic gameplay is amazing. Timing, targeting, and positioning is very important.First the bad. There are definitely some aspects of this game that I wouldn't recommend. The storyline is decent, kinda your very overdone basic story though. Voice acting doesn't always match the dialoge text. The gear you get in the game is just RNG crap. 95% of the time you will get items that do not have the specific stats you want.The good. Graphics are well done. The pause/assign gameplay is like Dragon Age, except the fact it is done wonderfully and is pretty much required to do well. The skills and skill tree are very unique, making each character add an interesting element to the game. You must read and understand your enemies to know which to target, and which you can counter.Excellent game. Maybe not a box office hit, but it is unique and inspiring. Makes you wish there was a sequel, or another game more like it."
,Recommended,222640,9229228,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Ron Perlcat,"Cyanide doesn't have the best track record when it comes to games, on this one though they have managed to pull ahead of the pack in some areas while falling far behind in others. With Aarklash Legacy they manage to provide an amazing tactical rpg experience at pretty much the cost of all other areas of the game. Real Time w/ Pause (RTwP) combat is where it shines and it is certainly the best isometric rtwp we've had recently.I have read some stuff about people not liking the puzzles in the game, I found them fine. I enjoyed most of them and it was a nice change of flow to the endless barrage of fights.The characters have lots of interesting attributes, E.G. the healer not able to regen mana, she has to feast on allies' hp to gain mana back. This skill can be upgraded so that the ally has buffs when feasted upon and even regenerates more than was feasted. Lots of tactical combat, having to carefully position your characters to avoid friendly fire and it manages it well. Rarely did I have an ally running into friendly fire unintentionally.What it sacrifices is pretty much everything else, lackluster story, mediocre progression, (You max out your chars about halfway through the game,) sub-par to average voice acting, An item system that just seems tagged on, and very little immersion.The game itself is pretty much a series of combats, you know that around every corner will be assorted bad guys and the plot comes up with a decent explanation for having skeletons fighting alongside humans, demons, angels, elementals, etc. If you enjoy RTwP tactical rpgs, then this shouldn't be a drag considering how well done it is. I was totally fine with it until about 3/4ths through the game, when there was no more character progression, all chars maxed out in levels, pretty much nowhere to go there. Just keep killing monsters at every bend in the path.tl;dr Buy it on sale if you're a fan of the RTwP tactical rpg genre"
,Recommended,222640,8048577,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,CitizenX3639,"If i told you i know of an RPG that is not open world, has minimal customization, no quests page, no point distribution, and a limited skill tree would you be intrested? If you said no then you may be missing out one of the best tactical RPGs of the last couple of years. Aaklash Legacy is abut one thing and one thing only, combat. You can set it up as you like(Pause anytime, or RTS), but in order to survive you will have to plan every encounter perfectly becasue the game is brutal even on normal difficulty. What a huge gamble by Cyandie stuidos to basically strip away what you think an RPG NEEDS to be successfull and focusing their time on perfecting a rewarding battle system.Pros:Rewarding balanced Tactical combatSimple and Easy UI8 unique chactersEnviroments are common but looks goodReset skill points anytimeInventory systemCons:Too much filler combat and puzzlesBosses are very easySome charcters not having any heal or shield make them difficult to useVoice acting and writing can be hit or missLimit of 4 skills per charcter"
,Not Recommended,222640,9491916,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,4RM3D [anime247],"After completing this game on the highest difficulty setting, I can't really recommend Aarklash. Yeah, I've completed it and it ain't really that bad. But there are too many things wrong with the game for me to recommend it.The bad:- The puzzles are stupid and unnecessary. I like puzzle games, but not the way Aarklash did it.- The final fight is boring, easy, uninspiring and unfinished. It just ends without explaining anything. Maybe a buildup for a sequel?- The path finding is abysmal. A personal annoyance... Your party is running into each other or getting stuck around corners.- The equipment is limited and doesn't really add much to the game.- The skills are unbalanced from underpowered to overpowered.- BUGS: spells not casting or not working properly, the party leader suddenly switching, etc...Not necessarily a bad thing, but just to note:- The game is extremely linear; no exploration.- There is only fighting and more fighting with a (horrible) puzzle thrown into the mix.A few good things:- I did like the different personalities of the party and the voice acting was decent.- The graphics and atmosphere are okay.- The game was somewhat challenging (on the highest difficulty, at least)."
,Recommended,222640,1099268,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Tjuhl,"Highly tactical singleplayer squad management fantasy RPG with an active pause system. Blends elements from Diablo (isometric view, realistic cartoon art style) with  Dragon Age (tactical combat system) in an awesome way!"
76561198018403892,Recommended,222640,3160863,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,zanzibar_hero,"Very solid squad based RPG... The story is half decent, the background locations are gorgeous, and the fighting is pretty good. Also it is more or less indie game and the price tag is a comfortably low and likely to get lower during specials. Can't lose if you get this if you are an RPG fan, especially if it is on sale..."
,Recommended,222640,23388507,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Laotzume,"I bought this game for $1.99. I didn't expect all that much from it but I was pretty surprised. The story was a pretty unique one in that you aren't a typical ""good guy"" but you belong to a group that is sort of grey area.The story is good and the combat is fun. Give this a shot.Just...turn off the voice audio. The dialogue text is good enough. The voice acting in this is pretty cheesy."
76561197972483399,Recommended,222640,13044868,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Hamburger!,"Great title, considering the price. It's sort of like Diablo and a turn-based squad game had a baby -- Active pause lets you give orders to your squad of adventurers, and then things unfold in real time.Pros: 1. GREAT atmosphere and novel setting. The STORY itself could be a bit more polished, but the characters have personality and variety. I thought not being able to create your own character (you choose from pregens) would be an obstacle but it's NOT, the players are likable and learning their story is interesting.2. Novel random look system -- there are no weapons and armor to gather but instead a variety of jewelry you choose for each character. Not the deepest loot system, but I enjoyed it and found it sufficient.3. Game is challenging and requires REAL strategy. The key to the game is developing your characters abilities to complement each other. You both need things like tanks, healers, and glass cannons AS WELL as characters who's abilities interact in different, and sometimes surprising ways.4. OPTIONS with your characters. There are eight different characters and they all play differently and synergize with each other in different ways. There is a combination that will be a favorite for anybody, from the most conventional hack and slasher to the most devious min-maxer.5. Combat is fun, challenging, and interesting. you have to leverage your own abilities as well as deal with the abilities of your opponents - either locking down their skills, stealing them, or dodging them. Likewise you must counter the enemies attempts to do the same.6. Game is hard enough on normal difficulty but upper difficulties should be challenging to the best strat-rpg'er... and if you like the game enough for a second play-through it promises to remain a challenge.7. There is plenty of game here. Although quite linear, I've put much time into it and only now have gotten to the third act -- which may or may not be the final one.8. You can enjoy it in small installments. do a couple of combats in 15-30 minutes, play something else, or slog through it. I've done a bit of both and it's good to have a game that doesn't require a big time commitment to enjoy.Cons:1. As I said, it's quite linear. Nothing resembling an open world here, and not much fork in the road either. Still, the ride is scenic and pleasurable, even if it is on rails.2. Loot could use more variety, though it IS interesting enough to require you to make choices and move things around.3. As I said, the SETTING is great, but the story is not as great as the characters and world are. I have gone quite far and I know a lot more about the factions in the world than anything meaningful going on between them. And the main bad guy is bad. To nobody's surprise.All told, I recommend this game -- and can honestly say I'd already be up for a sequel if it ever came out. It does the trick."
76561198049122335,Recommended,222640,33122639,Posted: 2 July,all,Ragune,"Where to start? This game is AWESOME!!! I picked up on the Summer Sale for $2. The graphics work alone is worth that. This is a closed world RPG that has hints of Diablo 1 when it first came out but with way better graphics.  The interface is very intuitive for anyone familiar with RPG genre. For the full $20 maybe not up to par with some other newer RPGs that could be on sale for $20.  This isn't pixal art, isn't some crap bad custom watercolors, this is AAA graphics and game play that are an absolute steal for the SALE PRICE!  Out of all the cheap games I picked up this summer sale, this one is well beyond my expectations.Pros - Great graphics and game playHint/Tutorial is easy to followVeteran RPG friendlyCons - Needs a Tutorial on crafting/stat affects(this was not a problem for a vet, but a new RPG player needs alot of help)Levels need more depth. 3-5 fights and your done.Skill tree could be confusing for new players.No skipping dialogue scenesI can't say it enough, for a 4 year old game at $2 price; Aarklash Legacy should be in everyone's library.  I have literally bought this as a gift for every friend that is on Steam.  Hours and Hours of great enjoyable RPG fun!!!"
,Recommended,222640,13670098,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RvB Caboose,"Nice little tactical rpg so far. Unique skills that have strengths and weaknesses that make you think not just click. Characters are interesting, skills are interesting. Pretty linear for an rpg. Story is generic, but the gameplay is solid. 6/10.EDIT: While writing this review and my characters were standing still, Denzil says while waiting ""So THIS is tactical in a tactical rpg?"" 7/10 now."
,Recommended,222640,10434022,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Smite,"Aarklash is a combination of contemporary gameplay concepts packaged in a thoroughly enjoyable original game world.  The real-time tactical gameplay may be paused for strategy and intelligent action queuing at any time, akin to Bioware's Mass Effect or Dragon Age series.  This does a fine job of straddling the line between overwhelmingly reactionary (hardcore RTS) and drudgingly micromanagey (omg stahp, Sid Meier) to land in a comfortable sweet spot.Core character roles are all familiar and easy to spot, ie DPS, Tank, Support, and perhaps overly so.  While you can re-spec skill points any time you aren't in combat and sans penalty, nothing will change the pigeonholed duties of any single character.  Different characters do, however, provide equally different approaches to those roles.  Your high-armor taunty starting tank feels utterly different from the high-HP drainy tank introduced later.  Your AoE stun battlefield mage DPS is wholly unique from the fear kiting AoE burst damage lich DPS.  Skill points can dramatically change the implementation of a skill.  One skill tree path alters a targeted taunt into an aggro-stacking aura, as an example.  Balance is maintained well enough that I never found myself forced into a specific team for pure efficacy, and I appreciated that, too.Aarklash's (Aardvarks?) visuals and style are also quite original.  The graphics avoid eye bleedingly generic, but never so artsy or stylized that anything becomes abstract.  The audio always feels appropriate and organic, managing to be pleasant without standing out in most cases.  I never had any ""just walked into Gestahl's Magitech facility"" moments, here.Most characters deserve genuine emotional investment.  Dialog (with decent voice acting) and individual foibles are believable as well as interesting.  The giant, ruthless, kangaroo/lizard-booty'd, test-tube grown, magical cyborg miner-slave-become-indentured-bounty-hunter, armored tank girl just happens toalsobe everyone's sweet, caring, occasionally naive, gentle voiced, younger ""sister"" stand-in and I never questioned it once.  The people on both sides of the over-arching power struggle had no clear moral high ground.  Your heros and their guildmates are emphatically not ""good"" people but neither are they evil.  Their motives are usually easily understood but subjective morality is a significant factor for precisely nobody.  Both protagonists and antagonists are driven by a combination of geas'd contracts, pseudofamilial loyalties, and outright selfishness.The story was quirky, unless the last paragraph didn't make that obvious, but ultimately disposable.  The developer did a great deal of world building and complex background development... then slapped a generic ""run from the crooked law and find the macguffin"" Hollywood plot on top.  There was not a great deal of character growth either, which I felt was a real shame.I had a lot of fun playing the game and would cheerfully play it again were an iota of reason to do so present.  The downside from the flexibility of free skill respecs lies in there being no real point to starting over to see how a totally different build would handle the game's events.  Equipment is just random stacks of minor stat boosts, rarer items simply having more picks from the general pool of boosts and higher levels providing slightly less minor boosts.  There's no real grinding, collecting, or optimization to be had here by the hardcore gamer.Aarklash: Legacy seems to have suffered from a lot of player butt-hurt stemming from a steep difficulty curve.  The game is challenging in the classic sense.  That said, nearly every party wipe I experienced was perfectly preventable without any foreknowledge if I'd more closely observed enemy stat boxes and spell countdowns.  The gameplay tutorial even stresses that the playermustbe attentive to these resources.  I felt combat was entirely fair with reasonable demands on my decidedly average skill level.  The game is first and foremost a squad-based strategy RPG.  If you go into it expecting a pick-up-and-master casual or arcade game you're going to be brutallized, and deserve it.  I felt it was slightly more forgiving than Final Fantasy Tictacs (PSX), if simply for the fact that the most devastating boss actions are interruptable or redirectable while mid-cast.Overall, I'd have to give the game a 7.5 out of 10.  The minimal replay value and disappointing story were the only serious downsides.  The musical score, while inoffensive, was also inconsequential.  Where Aarklash really shines is in the moment; during a dicy moment in combat or affectionate banter between morally ambiguous guildmates, the time just flies by."
76561197997793567,Recommended,222640,9163217,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Cordell,"This game is pretty cool, and would be perfect, but is lacking in a few minor details.  The game mechanics are solid, the skill tree is pretty cool for each character, and you are not locked into the tree, can reset it for free.   The combat is very much position based, adding a lot of possibilities to each fight, especially when you add in the skill trees.  Want a healer that also damages units the heal passes through, well then choose that path down the skill tree.  Pretty neat combinations and possibilities.  The characters are interesting, and so far the story is pretty good, and somewhat original.  The character Bio for each character is interesting, and hopefully the full story unlocks as the game is played.It has a few rough edges.  I don't like the map overview, it seems unfinished, static, and dead.  Finished a map, and really had no idea where to go, or for that matter what i was supposed to be doing, as I have not found a quest log either (don't think it exists?).  After beating the boss, and looking at the map a while, I finally chose to wander back towards the start of the map.  After a short time it did finally trigger a cut scene, and spared me the long walk back, but it just seemed a little rough around the edges.  It also hates the steam overlay on my computer, everytime I hit tab it pops open the overlay.  While chatting with friends, the text lags horribly.  So might want to turn it off.None of this really detracts from the game in anyway.   Having a lot of fun with this so far.  I would have to give it 8/10 so far."
76561197992272039,Recommended,222640,11279502,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,VERN,"Have you ever heard of Aarklash: Legacy before? Probably not.Should you be playing Aarklash: Legacy? Well, let me put it this way: did you enjoy Icewind Dale or Dragon Age: Origins' frequent ""real time w/ pause"" combat? If the answers to these questions are ""Yes"" then Aarklash is for you!Not much of a story but one hell of an experience, Aarklash: Legacy presents challenging, exciting isometric RPG combat in a way that hasn't been seen for years. While essentially a linear slaughter from one story event to the next, Aarklash delivers it's frantic tactical battles wrapped in a beautiful aesthetic.This is the kind of game you buy not just to enjoy, but to also ensure the possibility of an even bigger sequel."
76561198014225029,Recommended,222640,8566619,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ekim,"Aarklash: Legacy is a fun game that can be challenging without being frustrating. Contrary to what some other reviewers mention the puzzles aren't that hard, though some do require some thinking. I never had to check online for solutions. But they do slow the gameplay down a bunch during Act2 and the later parts of Act 3 (there are 3 acts total). The combat is the true star of this game, If you liked the tactical aspects of combat in games like Baldur's Gate and Dragon Age: Origins, you'll have lots of fun figuring out how to approach the fights in this game.Worth a buy, but maybe not at full price. Wait for a special. I bought it during the winter sale at $12.99 and found it to be a good value at that price."
,Recommended,222640,22094602,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Aarklash: Legacy is a real-time-with-pause RPG where the story takes a backseat to tightly responsive, engaging combat, where your party can be swapped out at any time, and skills can be respecced at any time, leaving fights to always be intense and engaging, and can often feel more like puzzles to be approached from various angles, deciphering how to best synerrgize your heroes, and defeat enemies.There are no consumables, and party members rapidly heal to max after each combat, keeping the pace of the game quick and shuttling from fight to fight. A few puzzle sections break up combat, but for the most part, you quickly move from fight to fight, with small story cutscenes interspersed between.Some of the story concepts were interesting in their own right, and the characters, while sort of one dimensional, have interesting backgrounds and show pieces of deeper characterization that might come to the fore if the game were more story intensive. You catch bits and peices of story that are clearly meant to be travelled to and elaborated mor eon, in sequels that will never come, which i a real shame because the game is genuinely fun.Party set up is 4 characters out of 8, each character fitting into a particular role: Tank, physical damage, magical/CC, and Healer. You get 2 of each character and are forced to use every charatcer at leats once in the game due to a party split. The characters are all competent in their roles, but at the highest difficulty, there definitely seems like there would be a push to only use the most optimal party. The two tanks are divided between a more defensive and buff oriented tank, and a more offense and steroid oriented tank. The physical attackers are a ranged gun-dwarf that debuffs physical attacks, and a sly rogue goblin that inflicts massive critical damage, and blind and silences foes. The magical attackers are a classical sorceress, and a lich who debuffs, charms and controls enemies with hexes. The healers feel the most imbalanced in their abilities: One is a powerhouse healer that can eventually turn the entire part immune to damage for 5 seconds, and the other is an orc shaman who can invert his abilities for use on enemies, or buffs on allies. It's a neat idea, but in a combat game, very little trumps simply being able to be invincible for 5 seconds, on  a7 second cooldown.You can mix and match party members as you like, but the setup of the game very strongly encourages selecting one character from each role.Loot is passable ARPG fare and entirely random - items you don't want ca be junked into ameter that eventually spits out a ""Epic"" tier item, so recycling old items for new ones gives you new and better gear. None of it is super interesting - it's all just bigger number buffs on your stats, but it does the job.Would definitely recommend the game to anyone feeling that isometric combat game itch - it scratches it wonderfully, and while the story leaves you wanting more, the combat is fun enough to where you could eaisly pull 2 or 3 plays, if you wanted to beat higher difficulty levels, or experiment with other party configurations."
,Recommended,222640,23975374,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Devil Man X,"TLDR: I'm loving Aarklash: Legacy and would highly recommend it. If you need a score... 8.5Pros:Innovative combat mechanics.A great story and interesting characters.Completely voiced campaign.Demo (with save transfer to main game).Cons:Limited visual options.Open-ish but sill fairly linear world.No character creation.I've been looking at Aarklash: Legacy off and on ever since it first came out but I just couldn't pull the trigger. It went on sale for $1.99 and still I tried the demo version first. I'm glad I did and oh what a surprisingly good game it turned out to be. The demo was interesting and entertaining while giving a good feel of what the main game would be. I was surprised to find that the demo save transfers over to the main game as well. So if you're interested just try the demo and see what you think.As for the game itself I'm only a few hours in right now and I'm loving it so far. Aarklash is essentially a Pause & Play strategy Action RPG. Think of the Pause & Play mechanics of Dragon Age mixed with the Isometric view and dungeon crawling of Diablo. The combat happens in real time but you can pause the game at any time to give your characters orders. Such as where to stand and what skills to use. Unpause the game and see how everything unfolds.There's also some puzzle solving elements both in the world and in the combat. Early in the game you can turn a group of statues a certain way and it spawns a mini boss. This mini boss summons a group of minions which attack you but also heal her as well. You can step in the way of her minions healing blasts and be healed instead. Cutting her off from her support and showing off one of the more interesting mechanics of the game. Line of sight.Many skills have a line of sight or fire. Not all but the ones that make sense. A fireball does because characters conjure it in their hands then blast it out in front of them. Allowing you to dodge it or possibly put your tank in the way to save your mage. Conversely a lightning strike comes from the sky so it hits an enemy directly. I know this may not sound all that impressive on it's own but in a large battle it can create some very hectic and interesting situations. Killing your own characters or healing an enemy can be frustrating but dodging an enemy attack and stealing their heals is incredibly satisfying.The story in Aarklash is interesting as well and so far it seems to be completely voiced. Not the greatest voice acting in the world but more than serviceable for sure. There's a solid and interesting skill tree system and you're able to put your junk items into the trash of course but after trashing so many items you get a randomly generated high tier item.It's not all rainbows and kittens sadly. The world has branching paths and hidden areas along the way but it's still fairly linear. You start with specific characters and though you get more characters to swap in and out later there isn't any kind of character creation. Atleast none that I've seen thus far. My biggest gripe with Aarklash isn't with the game itself but with the video options. There is a preset for quality, some resolution options and tick boxes for vsync and anti-aliasing. That's it. No shadow or detail options and nothing for ambient occlusion. No bloom, god ray or depth of field options and no sort of post processing settings at all. This drastically impacts scalability. It's not like AArklash takes a monster rig to run it but higher end PCs won't ""show the pretty"" and lower end machines won't be able to tweak to get a better fps. I'm not sure if there are any kind of ini tweaks for the game but if you run into any issues google is your friend.I will point out that the demo version is a great representation of the game. So if you have problems with the demo you'll have the same issues in the main game but if the demo runs like a charm for you then you'll be good to go with the main game as well. Good luck and have fun."
,Recommended,222640,19099562,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Virgina,"Once Pillars of Eternity came out, I craved a Real-Time-With-Pause (RTWP) game that was all about going fight to fight, instead of taking long breaks for story. This game really delivers just that.Don't buy it for the story, but it for the combat and gameplay. Play the demo first to make sure you like it."
76561198090899901,Recommended,222640,29473272,Posted: 24 January,all,ShinraVeteran,"If you enjoyed Confrontation from the same developer you will enjoy this one as well. It is a bit shorter than Confrontation but is well improved in every wave.The game is linear tactical Rpg with a soft story. Not much to say about this, it is short and enjoyable."
76561197969749884,Recommended,222640,33964797,Posted: 1 August,all,Sarkoth,"Aarklash Legacy is a short yet surprisingly good indie tactical RPG with a predefined party of 4, featurung up to 8 playable characters. It looks good graphically, it is balanced really well and the combat plays like simpler version of the good old isometric RPGS.The only thing it doesn't necessarily deserve is the RPG tag as there are no dialogue choices or any choices whatsoever regarding the story. The player is railroaded through the entire game and more often than not cannot even pick his party composition of characters by himself. The story is entirely negligible as well.The main reason why I still do recommend this title is because the combat not only works, but is really well done and made me feel nostalgic. As a tactical fantasy game it does succeed, just don't except it to be a RPG experience."
76561198087979217,Not Recommended,222640,13515640,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KnightGalavant,"Aarklash: Legacy has some appeal and the gameplay is solid. This game offers a unique way to battle. If you are a tactical player, I would recommend this to you. However, before you splurge your money on this, know that what this game is missing is substance.Think of it this way: an empty cup. There’s no water, juice, coffee, etc. All Aarklash Legacy has to offer is gameplay. Aside from the gameplay, the story gets dull really fast. At first, the story may seem appealing, but after a while, the boredom and annoyance will sweep in. Bundled with an underwhelming character cast and voices, Aarklash Legacy makes its a stressful effort to continue playing.Luckily, Aarklash Legacy is able to slightly redeemed itself with an innovative skill system. Each character has a choice between 4 skills and these skills gets more interesting around late game. Even though, it would be a challenge to continue playing that long, every choice made in the skills and how the characters are maneuvered in gameplay is crucial in succeeding in the battles. The story, voices, characters, and overall repetitious environment of Aarklash Legacy gets itself a big no.Rating: 5.2/10 (52%)Achievements: 8/29 (28%)Game Done."
,Recommended,222640,12460913,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,XxLockNLoadxX,"Absolutely worth it. Plays like a charm. Quality graphics. Skill trees actually enhance your playstyle. If you liked Baldur's Gate and if you liked raiding in any MMO, your going to enjoy the epic simplicity of Aarklash. 100% worth the price."
76561197975137358,Recommended,222640,12810963,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,CropCircle,"I bought it on a whim based on some positive discussions I happened across on this form and was totally blown away with the story (not finished), the art, the mechanics, character progression, and the gameplay.You control a group of 4 characters that each have a very distinct ability set.  Each character has 4 basic abilities that can be leveled seperately and the choices are never easy and ofcourse lead to replayability.  The beauty of the system is that their ability is used most effectively when chaining off another character's ability which leads to very satisfying combos.The game is an RTS but with spacebar pause (you will spend a majority of your time paused).  Even as a dad, I enjoyed sharing this with my son where I could pause, and then illustrate the value of group dynamics and cool synergies that can exist within.Tactically, it's a treat with a lot to offer and the art style is simply stunning!  Although the game offers the player a wide array of options, it's presented in a beautiful interface that is easy and intuitive to nagivate.I simply love this title and hope it gets more attention so we can see more works of art like this in our space."
,Recommended,222640,10008757,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Krolmar,"Not a RPG, but quite good action-tactical game with good fights. Good choice if you like tactical pausable RTS fights with 4 different characters."
76561198048181484,Recommended,222640,29678340,Posted: 3 February,all,Division By Zero,"Finally, a single-player/multi-character RPG with real-time combat that isn't based on pen-and-paper games or owned by Bioware/EA.Aarklash: Legacy is a party-based top-down isometric tactical RPG in the style of Dragon Age and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic - pause the game, queue up commands to your party, and thenunpause.There are also a significant number of puzzles, but they aren't particularly frustrating and the worst of them are easily solved in under 10 minutes.The awesome:-Single-player/multi-character real-time combat with tactical pause for people tired of Bioware/EA's near-monopoly on the genre.-Combines some of the best of MMORPG/MOBA mechanics with old-school design and puzzles.-Mix and match 4 characters out of 8 total with no limits. 2 healers and 2 tanks? You can do that. 4 DPSers? You can do that. Reshuffle your party whenever you aren't in combat-Unlike most classic or classic-style RPGs, there are no consumables. Your characters automatically regenerate all their health and energy outside of combat, unlike most classic RPGs that require you torest. The advantage of having no consumables is that you win or lose based only on skill and character builds. In a traditional D&D-style RPG, you could build and play your characters poorly and win bythrowing around entire bags of consumables, or you could have a perfect character build and lose anyway because you ran out of consumables. That doesn't happen in Aarklash: Legacy.-Bioware loses its monopoly on the genre.The good:-Puzzles require some thought but they aren't frustrating.-Intuitive and smooth UI design.The bad:-Game balance is somewhat broken. Boss enemies usually have abilities that instantly wipe characters. Control effects that take the keyboard and mouse away from the player last way too long (15 secondmind control or 10 second knockdown???). On the other hand, some characters have 10 second stuns too, so the bad balancing can also go the other way.-Lack of character customizability. Each character gets a predefined advantage and disadvantage - instead I would rather have a choice of a few advantages and disadvantages, or even choose to haveneither. Character development is only 4 items with RNG stats and a tiering/affix system straight out of Diablo, plus a minimal skill tree. There are no skill choices, just variations on the same skills.-Characters' run speed out of combat is somewhat slow and gets incredibly boring if you have to backtrack.-Lack of hybrid characters, their roles are mostly rigidly defined as tanks, DPS, or healers-A lot of the skills appear to be designed to artifically force your characters to work together. Giving characters skills that are useful on their own and even better when chained in a specific sequenceis one thing, it's another thing entirely to make characters almost completely dependent on each other.-Characters have no AI if you aren't controlling them. If you want other characters to use skills or retarget you have to queue them up manually. If you were expecting something like Mass Effect orDragon Age where characters you aren't controlling remain somewhat competent, you will be disappointed.-No story choices.The unacceptable:-The entire game is completely linear (see also: ""rail playing game"") with minimal alternate paths to the same destination and perhaps a few dead-end forks in the road with treasure - and it doesn't looklike there's any official modding support.-Minimal replay value.-Some types of enemies have narrow counters and it's very possible to get yourself stuck in a fight with the wrong characters. Save before every fight!The verdict:Aarklash: Legacy combines the best of new and old party-based RPG paradigms into real-time with tactical pause combat almost never seen outside of Bioware/EA games. Character and skill mechanics arealmost solid with a few large problems. Unfortunately: an almost linear environment, significant balance problems, and the lack of modding support weigh heavily on it.The regular price ($20) is somewhat steep for the amount of content - I got this game on a large discount (somewhere between 80% and 90%) and I recommend buying this only on deep discount. At the veryleast, wait for a 50% sale if you're impatient.If you enjoy some aspects of classic RPGs with the tactical depth and real-time combat of MMORPG/MOBA style games,I recommend that you buy Aarklash: Legacy... if you are also willing to overlook its design problems.My suggestions to the devs:-Add support for a nonlinear, respawning world.-Add modding and custom characters.-Faster running out of combatMy overall review of this game:-Graphics: 8.5/10. The graphics are impressive for an indie game, but I found some performance issues.-Audio: 8.5/10.-Game design (mechanics): 8/10-Game design (world and lore): 4/10-Replay value: 2/10-Technical quality: 8/10-UI: 9.5/10"
76561198041725120,Not Recommended,222640,32306663,Posted: 9 June,all,Auberon,"I enjoyed and finished Confrontation, so had high hopes for this, similar, game. I found the difficulty curve to be way too steep, wasn't really intrested in replaying battles multiple times, especially not so early on in the game. Won't be playing it again. To be fair, I only gave it 3 hours, but hey, it should have gripped me by then."
76561198009173518,Recommended,222640,20689418,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Something completely different,"First off: This game misses a tag. PUZZLE GAME!You run into puzzles everywhere (They aren't too hard for me thankfully) and even some battles are small puzzles in which you have to read enemies abilities and then deduct the best order to kill them. Often it's something like raiser-healer-debuffer-bufffer-warriors and if you kill enemies in the wrong order they're raised or healed.Also, putting major spoilers in the load screen just before you reach that point in the story is not apprechiated by me. Not at all. Seriously. That's one of the silliest things I ever saw in a game so far.Otherwise the game is quite decent, skills are adequate, battles are fairly fast and furious, the game looks nice and runs smooth. No errors but I wouldn't expect those in a game released more then 2 years ago.There are some downsides to the game as well, equipment for one is abysmal with everyone being able to equip earrings, a ring, a relic and a necklace. All of those are randomly generated. Weapons and armor? Nah. Potions? Nuh uh.  Anything but the four afore mentioned items? Nup.Would I recommand the game?Yep. The game could have been better but it's quite a lot fun to play and that's what counts and makes me forgiving of little loot vareity, sillyness and even of PUZZLES.P.s. I wonder why this game has the rpg tag. I haven't been able to make a single choice in 8 hours that affected anything storywise. The game is entirely linear with smalls maps you can explore a little."
76561197983740996,Recommended,222640,25955556,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Chane,"When I started playing 'Aarklash Legacy' I expected a top-down, iso perspective role playing game with my party experiencing adventures in a fantasy world similar to 'Baldurs Gate'. I soon had to find out that this is not the case.'Aarklash Legacy' entirely emphasizes on fighting and not on role playing. And unless you set the difficulty to easy, every single fight is a tactical challenge. You have to correctly position your squad, use your attack, health, distract and support abilities wisely and individually adapt to each new group of enemies. Every fight means micro-management. It's the whole idea of this game and it's a matter of taste if you like this or not. I was annoyed by it in the beginning but enjoyed it at the end.Role-play is only a minor aspect of this game. You will not discover any cities, trade loot with traders or level up your characters by completing side quests. Nevertheless I recommend 'Aarklash Legacy'. If you have the patience to survive the first few hours of the game, you will start enjoying the tactical depth of the fights and appreciate the game for what it is.Pros:- beautiful graphics- interesting mix of eight different characters that you can freely combine in your four member squad- many very well balanced puzzles- character abilities can be upgraded by loot and level up- becomes addictive after a while- many different type of enemies- nice maps and settingsNeutral:- average story- average musicCons:- frustrating start of the game- very difficult unless you play on easy and even then it's not easy- tutorial is rather confusing than helpful- the game is rather short"
,Recommended,222640,13015888,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Incultus,"A pure tactical game from Cyanide.The story lacks taste but the gameplay is flawless for its type and should really keep the genre players on screens till they finish it.Many RPG elements with big skill trees and diversed classes to have in your fighting party.Good graphics, nice and atmospheric music all in Cyanide's unique fantasy world of Aarklash.7/10"
,Recommended,222640,13987517,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Huxley,"Aarklash: Legacy is a fairly simple strategy RPG, but with no pretension to greatness, it offers a very satisfying, fast paced experience. The story, setting and characters aren't developed extremely well, but it's still interesting, despite the many typos, translation mistakes and predictability. The game offers you a good choice of character to use, and the battle system is centered around the 4 skills each characters can use. The key to mastering the battle system lies in the synergy between characters, your ability to time your skill usage properly and controlling the battlefield. It's fast paced, the challenge is generally high but fair and the game has no downtime. It's not fantastic, it doesn't offer a huge amount of depth, but it's still a really enjoyable game that is worth playing. Hopefully the devs come up with more and refine the formula."
,Not Recommended,222640,12665007,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,[SAP]CommanderA,"This game is boring.  Thats basically it.  After a while the game just gets dull and monotonous, it because more annoying than fun.  You don't get to customize your characters (though the character designs are pretty cool), and there are only earings, artifacts, and rings, which just improve stats, the models don't change at all.  So with this, (and some really meh voice acting) you don't really get attached to the characters.Other things that don't change: character abilities.  You like having four of the same abilities for each character for the entire game?  I don't.  On level up you can spend a point to make the ability cost less mana, or do more damage, or heal more, but at the end of the day they are the same.  Yawn.Also, some of the mechanics are just, well, kinda stupid.  You have a tank character that has to spend health to use abilities.  Your healer cannot regenerate mana and so has to steal it from your two other allies, a rogue and a mage, and they can get busted up really badly.  So all you are doing is just constantly healing your tank, juggling the health of your two other characters, and trying to keep the healer with enough mana.  At first this kind of sounds interesting, but after a while, and a lot of fighting, it just gets really, really annoying.Other people may have fun playing this, and it does have a good strategy game at it's core, its just too bland and boring for me, and annoying.  3/10"
,Not Recommended,222640,13215518,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,CryonicSuspension,"I paid about $5 for this on sale, which is a fair value if you dislike the game and a steal if you enjoy it.This is a difficult game to review. If I could, I'd put this game into a neutral category. This is the kind of game that will polarize people into love or hate. I feel that a month or two of refinement, additional assets and play testing, could have elevated this game into something much greater than 7/10.The negatives, in order of what was most noticeable:- Each character has 4 skills to choose from. You only gain 1 skill point per level and most of the time, you will put the point into an existing skill. Therefore, for the first 10 levels, the skills don't tend to vary combat that much. This is boring. I never felt a sense of elation, that comes with leveling in MMO RPGs or single player RPGs.Although I like the branching nature of the skill tree ( which modifies the effect, of the skill slightly ), the lack of skills feels RPG-light compared to a conventional RPG where clerics and mages might have 6-9 different spells.Both your hero and skill points cap at level 20, which means that of the 4 skills, one was designed to be a dead end skill by the developers, since mathematically you will only have 1 default point in that particular skill. I'll give you a hint and say that some of the buffs and debuffs are a waste of casting time and mana, considering that the game focuses on DPS, stunlocking and healing.It costs 3 skill points to respec your skill tree, which is too expensive.Although I liked the strange, unique and avant-garde mechanics of the tank having to spend hit points, to perform skill actions, it does not work work very well for the first 5 levels, since she doesn't have a large enough health pool, to perform many actions. Similarly, the cleric does not regenerate mana and has to steal health from her companions, in order to generate magic points. She has to almost kill her companions, in order to heal them, which is amusing but likewise, doesn't really work for the first 5 levels or so ( this is a balance issue ). The amusing irony is that the mage ends up being the best, most versatile healer in the game.- The tactical combat side of the game is, for the most part, tedious. There are probably only around 20 different monsters to fight which is simply not enough for an action RPG game. This game would need, at a bare minimum 50 different monsters. Something on the scale of 100 different monsters, would drastically elevate this game. Compared to the Dungeons and Dragons monster manual, this game is sorely lacking!Combat consists of figuring out which opposing control wizard to stunlock, taking out the cleric and DPSing the enemy. Then you have to cross your fingers and hope that the RNG ( random number generator ) Gods are in your favour. Battles are usually a landslide, there are very few, close battles. You either efficiently dispatch the enemies or you unfortunately lose an ally, who ends up face down in the dirt and then you have to try and struggle to get a team-mate to revive him. The character doing the reviving will come under fire, which will delay the reviving, each time he takes a hit. I usually play games on the hardest difficulty levels but I had to set the difficulty to medium. The only difference is that on the harder difficulty levels, your allies will end up face down in the dirt, which increases the chances of a party wipe, then the game automatically ends and you have to reload the game and fight out the same battle. The harder difficulty levels are extraordinarily tedious and resemble the kind of grind in an MMO. Medium ( the default difficulty ) was too easy for me, so I never managed to find a happy equilibrium.- The environments for Act 1 and 2 were bland. Act 1, the wilderness was the worst and gave the false impression of open world exploration. Realistically, for the first 5-10 levels, there is a set path to follow, in terms of finding treasure chests and being able to fight monsters at the level you are at. The only way to figure out the path, is to take the wrong turn, wipe and reload. This is tedious. The game environment becomes almost completely linear in Act 2 and 3, which is the way that Act 1 should have been. I did like the art direction for Act 3.The positives:+ I immediately liked the characters, plot, voice acting and dialogue. These are the aspects of the game that kept me playing.+ I enjoyed the puzzles in Act 2 and Act 3. Each puzzle takes 5-10 minutes to figure out. If you don't like puzzle games then this game is not for you.+ The orchestrated music was appropriate.+ I enjoyed the part where you gained 4 additional characters and the game forced you to use them to explore. I wish that the game had had more of that.+ The combat and skill tree does get more varied and interesting around level 13 ( which is relatively late in the game ).Miscellaneous:Examples of ARPGs ( action role playing games ) that I would recommend: ""Freedom Force"" and the sequel, ""Freedom Force vs the 3rd Reich"". Both of those games were fantastic 9/10 for the first and 10/10 for the second.http://www.gamerankings.com/pc/340353-freedom-force/index.htmlhttp://www.gamerankings.com/pc/919085-freedom-force-vs-the-3rd-reich/index.html"
76561197995086333,Recommended,222640,27332893,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Destiny883,"An incredibly well executed tactical RPG, with a beautiful and original plot, interesting characters and setting, captivating graphics and music, and a reasonable price. This game is a real hidden gem, I absolutely recommend it."
76561197970842337,Recommended,222640,8249869,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Brown Beard,"I highly recommend this game. The combat is flawless. Pick up this gem of a squad-based, tactical RPG. You won't regret it,"
,Recommended,222640,11281249,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Five-Headed Snake God,"Aarklash: Legacy is a solid tactical RPG with quite a lot more depth than it initially seems to have.  The battle system is reminiscent of those of Baldur's Gate or Neverwinter Nights, using a pausable real-time system that allows you to plan without ever getting bogged down.  The character roster seems somewhat limited (you can have four active characters, each with four abilities), but the number of ways to customize each character, and the ways in which you can combine them, give you a surprisingly huge number of options.  And if a character isn't pulling his weight, you can respec him whenever you want.Where the game really shines, however, is the tactical nature of its battles.  Simply standing around and hitting enemies with regular attacks is a good way to lose battles quickly.  Enemies have multiple abilities and will use them to full effect, and you need to do the same.  Heal injured characters, draw foes away from the more fragile members of your team, and pull your characters out of range when foes start charging up their big attacks - or just knock them down to disrupt their ability.Aarklash: Legacy isn't quite like any other game I've played, in a good way.  It's a refreshing tactical experience in which every victory feels earned."
76561198040457997,Recommended,222640,11267430,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Keemossi,"I grabbed this game on sale, and it's been really enjoyable. I bought the game for the tactical combat which I read was good, and it really is. Though, it gets a bit boring towards the end, and the last fight is probably the simplest and dullest in the game.Other than the combat.. eh. I liked the characters, but the voiceovers were mediocre to awful. Plot doesn't really exist, and the loot is incredibly boring.Also the game did it's best to murder my GPU via overheat. I've never played a game that caused as much GPU heat before. Eh."
,Recommended,222640,18666890,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Zhylaw,"A good opener to a series that might never get a sequel. Too many puzzles and an ending begging for a continution. It was fun for what it was though, a RPG/RTS hybrid with real-time with pause combat. Worth buying on sale."
,Recommended,222640,7911296,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,cel,"One of the few games which really deserves the tags ""Adventure"" and ""Strategy"". Really well done tactical combat, good atmospehere."
,Recommended,222640,24843296,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Jazz,"For some reason somewhat obscure tactical RPG. It's actually fun but only if you'll find the combat enjoyable, because it doesn't provide much outside of it. Some details below:StoryYou play as a group of misfits, who are magically bound to serve as debt collectors for Goldmonger guild. The cast has interesting characters, like by-the-book mage, insecure hybrid of a killing machine and a woman, some guy who promised to serve the guild so hard so he turned into lich after his death. Unfortunately the plot is very insipid with one cliche twist, there's very little character interaction and development and half of the cast has only token lines. Orc shaman has a few ""spirits this spirits that"" lines. Wendaroo, wolfen priestess, constantly complains about the smell and growls at things she doesn't understand.Overall it is the game's weakest point, it's not bad but I did not find it enjoyable either. A lot of wasted potential with the cast here.GameplayGameplay itself is fairly linear, you progress from area to area, clearing preset encounters and solving an occasional puzzle. There are some side branches and optional puzzles treasure chests. Puzzles are okay, leaning towards trivial side.Inventory system is rudimentary, since you can't have one-size-fits-all weapons and armor if your squad has an ogre with a club and a dwarf with musket, each character has 4 slots for magic jewelry. During the game you'll find a lot of those trinkets, and you can discard a bunch of unwanted gear and in return you'll get random highest quality gear.CombatCombat is in real time with active pause. You control 4 characters, and have 4 characters on a reserve bench. Between encounters you're free to swap characters, gear and respec abilities. Each character has only 4 abilities, but for each ability you have 2 perks/branch paths, that change the ability drastically. Levels are capped at 20, which means you get to choose 5 ""perks"" per character. Every character also has a quirk: ogre has a chance to miss his attack, lich has 0 physical armor, wolfen priestess can't regenerate mana and instead has to sap health from teammates.Game mechanics has a wide array of status effects (from invulnerability to turning healing into damage) and crowd control like stun, slow, fear, charm, knockdown, etc. Overall effects are very strong and you're expected to pay attention to them, dodge enemy abilities, cancel or counter nasty spells when possible, if you won't do that you'll either lose your party members fast or even accidentally kill your own party members with friendly fire. Because of this game might feel quite brutal even on medium difficulty, especially in the beginning. If one character gets downed, you have to help him before the bleedout timer runs out, otherwise the character dies and game ends.Encounters are pre-set, each encounter experiments with enemy setups, sometimes even sending backup from behind. Enemies vary from mages that take control over your squad members to knights that disable spellcasting for characters that stand near them. You get to fight a bunch of bosses too, most of them have unique attack patterns and abilities, like one hit KO.In general combat is fun, but some people might find the difficulty off-putting. It's pretty much mandatory to save between encounters (there is a quicksave button though)."
76561198000692879,Recommended,222640,12673785,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,lootsorrow,"Frigging brilliant game.The combat and skills seem a little shallow for the first dozen or so battles; tank and spank, only 4 skills per character, and the talent trees look very sparse. By the time your starting party memebers reach level 4 and have all their base skills unlocked you might feel like you've reached the end of their variability, and you would be wrong.The talent trees look sparse because, simply put, there is no fluff to be ignored, like so many other *cough* world of warcraft *cough wheeze* games. Every point in every tree is meaningful. Yes, even the ones that ""merely"" reduce a spells mana cost by 10% or increase a spells damage by 20%. Those small numbers matter in this game.Then there are the truly game changing options, like a curse that makes an enemy's incoming heals cause damage to them instead. It sounds like a parlor trick or a gimmick at first, until you encounter enemies that heal themselves for large amounts every time they attack you, or sub-bosses that can heal an ally to full in a split second.The best part about the talent trees? You can reset them on a per-character basis for free as many times as you want (outside of combat only, of course), to A) check out whether that cool-sounding change to the warlock's nuke attack that turns it into a channeled health drain is as good as it sounds/fits your preferred playstyle, and B) change the tools available to you in combat based on what kinds of enemies you are facing. Find yourself in a new area where none of the above-mentioned self-healing enemies are present? Go ahead and respec your shaman for increased potency on his heals, or even swap him out for a dedicated damage dealer.As for the combat itself, well, it's a bit like trying to play a relatively simplistic version of some other kind of game *cough* world of warcraft *ahem*, sorry about that. Except your party of 4 is controlled entirely by you. The active-combat-but-with-pause tag applies well, but unlike other entries in the genre (mass effect 2 sort of? KOTOR 1/2, dragon age.. um.. anyone other than bioware making games in this genre?), the combat system feels like it was built around the pausing element specifically, rather than adding the pause option in as a last second adjustment to a game that was too bulky to be practical without it.Coping with powerful enemies in this game has much more to do with positioning and actively responding to enemy actions, via commands issued during pauses. Where most RPG games expect you to survive a powerful spell by simply having accrued enough experience points from grinding to boost your health and durability stats to the point where enemy attacks are negligible, Aarklash offers you no such opportunity. Dodge or die. (sorry to have to make a pop-culture reference, but it's kind of like Team Four Star's DBZ Abridged Piccolo is watching over your shoulder as you play! You don't want to let Piccolo down, do you?.. he's probably going to hit you in the face if you do)There are also several steam achievements in the game that are actually difficult to achieve, such as two particularly nasty challenges based on completing certain portions of the game without ever using the pause feature. It is hard. It is also fun, and satisfying to finally succeed. That is all I feel compelled to say about it.---There are a few downsides to the game I would like to address for the sake of being fair and balanced. The equipment and looting leaves much to be desired, and the ending of the game is one of those ""Hey, you guys like sequels right?!"" endings. Needless to say, if there is a sequel, I will be first in line with a fistful of dollars to throw unapologetically at the developers.---Did I mention that Wenzil is awesome?---Wenzil is awesome."
76561197969544001,Recommended,222640,8721203,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,"Aarklash legacy is a really good group control game, reminiscent of the days of Baldur's Gate or Dragon Age gameplay wise. However it provides a really fair and immediate challenge if you allow it (play the hardest mode, it is really quite good). The game definitely focuses more on challenging gameplay than character customization/depth. The items you find are good, but not as drastic as those of a hack and slash game, so this isn't really a loot game.It reminded me of wow raiding a bit to be honest, except I had control over all the characters. The spell systems for the few casters that are in the game is pretty interesting and challenges you when trying to keep your characters healthy.Overall voice overs aren't too bad, the characters are kind of silly, but not completely uninteresting or anything. I do think that without the challenge this game would feel a little flat, so I would advise for you to make it as difficult as you can so you can enjoy getting past the puzzles that appear in the game (in the form of fights)."
,Recommended,222640,8739576,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Platinum,"Such an amazing game, can't believe I almost missed it. This legit the first game where I have to give special thanks to the developers, and the steam team for bringing it to the forefront! Don't miss this diamond."
76561197970720161,Recommended,222640,8394838,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Game_Dude,"Surprisingly good. Plays like a isometric action RPG with a pause key to tactically issue commands. Animations are fluid and abilities make sense. On higher difficulties regular use of the tactical pause is required for aiming and timing of abilities. Enemies must also be analyzed during combat to counter their spells, repositioning, and what not.Other than that levels are pretty linear, but include the occasional secret a little bit off-road, as well as an increasing amount of puzzles, the further you progress.Classes and abilities are quite original for an RPG, and seem thought out well."
,Recommended,222640,708057,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Lurak,Real time with pausing tactical rpg. Higher difficultys provide challenge. Fully voice acted dialog. Interesting skill system.
76561198050029153,Recommended,222640,17162975,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Milole,"It's a very good game. I was surprised how good tactical game it is. I played many tactical RPG, some better, some worst, but this jewel amongst games is very rare to see nowadays. It has very pretty graphics, and cool music. Buy it, you won't be disapointed at all."
,Recommended,222640,34583247,Posted: 29 August,all,Dylans,"The combat system in this game is its main selling point as far as I'm concerned and it is a fairly unique combat system that makes every fight a kind of puzzle challenge. The way the combat works is a mash up between party based real time with pause crpgs such as Pillars of Eternity or Baldur's gate with a MOBA. it does this by giving you 8 heroes to select from, 4 being useable at a time each with passives and 4 abilities that can be skill shots, AoEs or instants. the fights themselves play out in real time but the game is pause-able at any point and commands can be issued while paused. This turns every combat into a puzzle like encounter where you will want to read the enemy abilities, look at what buffs and debuffs can be applied, identify which targets need to be brought down first and aggro management which made almost all the fights engaging and require some thought instead of having completely forgettable trash encounters. The games length is perfect I feel for the combat system not to wear out its welcome at around 12 hours though I would be up for re-experiencing this combat system if used in another game or simply replaying this one. Issues come in unfortunately with the other aspects of the game such as the voice acting being pretty questionable, the characters being forgettable and the story feeling like its really just there to give a break from the combat sequences, which while appreciated I wish these elements were stronger as there is some cool design work and world building going on, just not enough is done within this rather compact experience. Overall this game left me feeling really positive towards it even if I had to question my competency many times from the frequent deaths I would suffer."
,Not Recommended,222640,10788831,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Dukkokun [ITA],"This game is pretty bad.I'm sorry, there's no other way to say it.Let's start with the good stuff, since it's shorter.Graphics are good, the lore and the story are pretty nice too.That's it.The problem is the gaming factor. If this was a graphic adventure, a comic book, anything else, it would have been nice.Sadly, it's a GAME and the GAMING is plain bad.Irrelevant character progression, irrelevant equipment, irrelevant monsters.Everything is pretty hard, but not in a challenging way. The game punishes you for not pausing every second to use your party.And this is another relevant point: the AI.Simply out, your party isn't intelligent. They blindly do what you tell them to, with no initiative, so this quickly becomes a game of extreme micromanagement of EVERY SINGLE ACTION. Since you have to control 4 different PC, you can see where's the problem.I played Icewind Dale, Baldur's Gate and the Temple of Elemental Evil, all tactical RPGs with big parties. I kinda know the genre.Aarklash isn't a fun example of this kind of games."
,Recommended,222640,489628,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,meistermiagi,The strategic combat in this game is awesome! It doesn't have anz dialog choices or quests to choose from just a lot of really cool encounters with interesting and well designed characters. Like a pausable diablo where you control a party of four characters.You meet new team members as you advance the story and can choose zour party composition between encounters.
,Recommended,222640,13072514,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Calwaine,"Aarklash: Legacy , rpg - tactical game.Highly recommended for tactical-rpg lovers.If you have played Dragon Age : Origins , you won't be a distant to the system of Aarklash. You can pause the game in order to plan your strategies, your movements and attacks of your party. You have a decent party , includes tank, healer and damage dealers, which you can place them anywhere on the battlefield and carry out your strategies as you planned. Some skills are skill-shot ( for example, basic healing skill ) that you need to aim correctly to use it affectively.On the other hand, graphics are quite fine , but could be better to have more visual side, but still this game has some good atmospheric soundtracks.But I must say, story couldn't wake my interest really well, but played it for it's rpg elements and atmosphere.But still, if you really like tactical-rpg's , you should give this game a chance."
76561198041469084,Recommended,222640,22529682,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Aurenical,"The only shortcoming of this game is it's brevity.  But otherwise, it's a great addition to any library, especially tactical RPG fans.If you like anything like the Baldur's Gate series, XCom, and FF Tactics, you'll love this game.The 8 characters play very differently, and even more so depending on the build.  The skill trees branch off in each skill, and there are even 2 variations on the ending of each branch.  There are SO many viable options, it's great!  There is no ""this is the only way to build character X or you'll suck"", and that has become a huge problem IMO with games like this.The enemies are varied, and challenging, and often enough brutally difficult.  There are a number of fights that had be throwing my hands up and /headdesk'ing.  The key to this game is TACTICS.  Varying how you engage each group to take on the different roles and setups that each INDIVIDUAL encounter brings.  Some are the ""same"" kind of fight, but the skills will change from race to race and so a unit that may be a melee bruiser for race A, you'll engage entirely differently for race B.The characters are fun and engaging, and the conversations are well done.  They're by no means stellar, and no one has any particular lines that are incredibly memorable, but they're done well enough that you don't lose interest, or better yet, want to pull your hair out.  The story is even good, but nothing wildly new or exciting.  In fact, it's rather cliche, minus the fact that your team isn't really the ""good guys"".Even with all the lack-luster parts of the game, this is still superbly done.  I really cannot recommend this enough."
76561198010232856,Recommended,222640,22406328,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,chrome,"Considering that I never heard anything about this game in the media, and that it is only $20, I expected this to be a low production game. I'm happy that my expectations seem very wrong! I'm 90 minutes and and am really enjoying myself. The  combat is fun and engaging, but not a clickfest like other ARPGs. The storyline is off to a great start, and you don't have to know anything about Confrontation to understand what is going on."
76561198013203874,Recommended,222640,25229680,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lamorah,"Get this on a sale if you like turn-based RPG combat, you wont regret it.A little bit light on the story side but gameplay makes up for it."
,Recommended,222640,9285287,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,theartofscience,"This game is amazing, I can't believe it isn't getting more word of mouth.Seriously. This is the closest to that ""Baldur's Gate"" feeling I've had since....well...Baldur's Gate. You can respec per fight. You need to be constantly using micro skills WITH tactical consideration. It has all of the strategy of a TBS but none of the slow boring mop up.The characters are all unique, with interesting back stories and relationships that are written like an actual adult human being wrote it. (a rarity these days) The voice acting is done well imo though that's subjective and the story is a well-trodden plot device but the whole backstory of the Goldmongers and the Quorr and the idea of a ""Wheel-Sword"" (one warrior at each wheel of a caravan wagon?) is pretty original. (ah, google tells me they bought some IP)I haven't finished the campaign and I play slow but there seems like there is going to be enough content for the asking price. Hell, I'm hoping for a 60 hour campaign with DLC at this point.I'm 40 years old and I still play a ♥♥♥♥load of games. I've played a ♥♥♥♥load of games this year. So far (yes its feb I know) this is my game of the year. But honestly, if it came out in Dec it would be in the running for the game of last year. The system that Aarklash has is just so fluid once you master it. (really easy to move all your characters instead of just one when you are learning the game, learning that you have to be constantly paying attention to projectiles and you have to actually read some of the enemy descriptions to figure out how to beat them)I don't know what else to say, great job guys, sorry this isn't getting more press. If you keep the content coming I'll keep buying. This is an awesome enginge you guys have please keep using it, it'll catch on.I've played Cyanide games before and I can see how the gameplay in this is an iteration of the combat in Game of Thrones and Of Orks and Men but if the combat in those games turned you off trust me, it's much more responsive, fast paced, and gamer friendly than those other titles.This is by far the best Cyanide game yet and a must-play if you're a fan of the old Infinity Engine games."
,Recommended,222640,24037444,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,KaXaSA,"If you enjoyed Dragon Age 1 combat system you will most likely love this game too, I'd say that the combat mechanics are even better, at least try the DEMO."
76561198040905761,Recommended,222640,21388217,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BobNilsson,Reasonably fun gameplay. Story was meh and skippable.
76561198007255392,Recommended,222640,8228896,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Nortar,"Excellent game.Squad-based tactics with active pause.Interesting and unusual characters, engaging combat.Definitely worth taking a look."
76561197977538922,Recommended,222640,7920293,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Ethis,Just started playing but really enjoying the tactical nature of the combat so far.  Looking forward to getting farther into this one.  I recommend at least checking out the demo if you're at all interested in this one.
76561197972507604,Recommended,222640,12892281,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,cmudd02,This is a good RPG that took me 18 hours to finish.  If you don't like puzzles either find a good walkthru or pass on it.
76561197963185878,Recommended,222640,11431799,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Hekseri,"+ Pretty interesting game with a flexible character build customization, for example, I made one of my tanks into a dmg dealing, self healing monster making her able to do solo what the rest of my team did together in fights.Really interesting bossfights, due to the possibility of dodging projectiles by moving.Feels pretty much like a MMO dungeon where you control every player.Characters interract with eachother in interesting conversations.- The final difficulty doesn't unlock before you finish the game once.not much replayability other than beating a tougher difficulty."
76561197987336972,Recommended,222640,1127091,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Katabasis,if you liked DA:Origins or BG2 this game is good ... kinda linear so far but to be expected for the cost
,Recommended,222640,15217502,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Zintix,"A tatical RPG with witty humour and an immersive story, overlooked but crying out for a prequel/sequel."
,Recommended,222640,21394331,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HELLruler,"This game is like playing with epic classes in a DnD game. Your characters are overpowered, but so are the enemiesStrategy and micro play a big role. Which target to focus, how to use your skills and where to move your characters. It's a lot more active than Icewind Dale, Baldur's Gate and Neverwinter Nights. Of course it's also a lot harder because of thatThe story is half interesting. I think that if it were a book, it would be explored a lot more. The voice acting is a 6/10, the characters lack emotion on their speeches, sometimes it sounds forced as wellFor $20, you may expect a bit too much and not get what you wanted. If on a discount (anything 25+%), it's a great deal"
76561197961635082,Recommended,222640,8844279,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,daethlor,"Whether you are a fan of hack and slash games like Diablo or a fan of group play like Dungeons and Dragons, this game will blow you away.  I played it through 3 times before putting it down just because I could always do something better next time.  Highly recommended whether it is on sale or not."
76561197971532050,Recommended,222640,7480726,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"Aarklash can be best described as the Warcraft 3:Frozen Throne hero missions remade in 2013. So in a strange sense Aarklash is similar to DotA 2. As a genre you could say Aarklash is an ARPG, but it does still feel like the actual combat is from a RTS game.First and foremost this is an RPG game, and not a stat-fest like an actual ARPG (also you command four characters at all times). Skilltrees and Items are fairly simple.Graphics, Sound, Characters, Writing and overall production values are all very good.You will like this game if you like Dota2/LoL and RPGs: get this game if like anything i mentioned above, it is a must if there is a good sale on."
,Recommended,222640,7893185,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ChinaMan,"Pretty entertaining, though I thought you could create your party or characters.  Apparently, you just play them.  Pretty hard if your strategy skills are low in this tacical gaming style.  Equipments are acceccories... seriously? o wells.  I would just preferably just watch them play it online then first hand experience this game, it seems short if easy, but the diffculty will stall your progression speed...+1 graphics+1 story+1 animation+1 diffferent play styles+1 effort+1 reasonable price"
,Recommended,222640,7496481,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Laurre,"A fantastic real-time/real-time-pause tactical RPG, for anyone who is a fan of the gameplay from Dawn of War or Commandos, you will not be disappointed. Nearly every encounter requires you to reconsider your skill and party member choices, and throughout the game you will use a huge variety of the available skills to solve each challenge. Can not recommend this enough for fans of this style of gameplay."
76561198032524506,Recommended,222640,32992631,Posted: 29 June,all,sth_18,"Great Game, a little short, leaves you hanging at the end with no sequel or dlc. Hopefully they will come back to this and make a deeper sequel or dlc."
,Recommended,222640,12934636,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,[MW]Neo,"Great game, with quite interesting combat system and may be it is the only shining point of this game. Puzzle is a quite annoying part of the game. Most of them involve in precise timing and remeber the order of things.i bought it when it was only 5$ buti think that price is quite expensive. I played it in the easy mode and it took me about 10 hours to finnish the game. However, i dont want to play it back again because there is no value to playback. Unless you are a person who want to unlock all achievement of the game"
76561198066164782,Recommended,222640,9187615,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,CaseyJone5,"finally got the full game.super hard, but the challenge makes it fun."
76561197998328977,Not Recommended,222640,22744669,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,reemocin,"This could've been a fun tactical team-based action RPG for me.Looks good, sounds good, character progression seems good enough.And itisa good game worth it's asking price, and by all means try this game (maybe on a sale) if you like ARPG's.This simply is not a game for me.Maybe the game gets better after a while and I'm throwing in the towel too soon, but I have been burned too many times when I continued playing games that I wanted to like, games that had the potential to grow on me, but just didn't.I just don't have the will and patience to spend time on a good-game-but-with-annoying-mechanics when I can use the same time playing a game I actually enjoy.My main problem with this game?The devs think it's fun to make combat more 'difficult' by providing enemies with cheat-like skills.Like for example skills that give them (temporary) complete inmunity to all damage.Imagine fighting a boss and not doing any damage at all for several seconds while said boss is doing damage to you just fine. At best it makes you cross your arms and wait until that timer is over so you can actually play the game again. At worst it is initiated at the brink of a victory that then turns into a defeat that was completely out of your control.I quit when I encountered a boss-like enemy with such a powerful healing mechanic that actually killing it would take ages; not skill, just a lot of time and a bit of luck.Oh ... and why is the camera so close to the ground?Because of that you will be hit by enemies using ranged attacksoutside of your view. That is never okay."
,Recommended,222640,12092798,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Misfiring,"Real time RPG with pause. Dragon Age without the insane scope. This game is simple yet as the same time isn't. The new Easy difficulty saved the day as Normal is way too hard even for gamers like me, let alone casual gamers."
76561197975421288,Recommended,222640,22277366,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,JD,"Great game. The dialogue is a bit childish but a lot of RPG's seem that way. But the focus of this game is combat, and it is almost constant fighting. It reminds me of Final Fantasy Tactics, in that there is some story and occasional chats amongst the party, but it is mostly about battle after battle, and they are finely tuned to be really challenging. It is real time with pause so plays sort of like Dragon Age only with deeper and more interesting combat. There are also quite a few puzzles.Overall it is kind of like a lower budget Dragon Age Origins. There are no cutscenes and no questing, but there is the combat and they put more effort into that than Bioware ever did. Each class has a skill tree which gives 2 options for each skill/spell, so you can customise the characters to play how you need them to play, and in such a challenging game, you need to make sure you make smart decisions. You can respec any time for free, and some fights you will want to respec just for that one fight. I don't think casual gamers would last long in this game, but fans of games like Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, FFT, etc, will love this.I hope more people buy it so maybe we can get a sequel with a bit more fleshed out story and stuff. If you like tactical party based combat, there are not many games as good as this."
76561198024517479,Not Recommended,222640,13222656,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,kittymewmewmew,"I got tired of getting the exact same items over and over. Rare loot wasnt worth looking for, the more rare drops didnt add much."
,Recommended,222640,21412954,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","It is a playable RPG. Oh, it is also quite tricky :)"
,Recommended,222640,604769,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,FatKarate,I like the story and characters. its not revolutionary but its worth a look if you were a baldurs gate fan.
,Recommended,222640,8627632,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Dy'Naer,"If you like combats , this game is for you.The combats are essentially based on the skills of differents companions (don't count too much on the items to boost the companions stats). You can reset the branch of skillls any time to try differents approachs for differents ennemies. And watch carefully the differents abilities of the ennemies.However ;- the story is a classic one, so don't expect a fantastic story- the maps are very linear- the puzzles are basic , and there are too much of them at the end of the game- the items are just rings , amulets and such"
,Recommended,222640,12712423,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,InfraRend,"i got hooked right after i saw the trailer videos. on a typical RPG u would expect to have control of 1 character, switch to other characters wen the game demands it. but in this game u control 4, yes  4 characters at the same time. it is as exciting as it sounds.i havnt finished it yet but i still want more. :)"
76561198127335855,Recommended,222640,16521261,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,TheNeedyNerd,Just love this game it has a lot to offer to other types of this genre out there... get it while the price is cheap.
76561198004559982,Recommended,222640,28619341,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,-Q-,"The Story, Atmosphere  and Voiceacting is a little flat but ok. The Charakters have not much charm, but id didnt realy care. Also the maps are boring and seem to have no tactical value. To be honest, at first it felt like a pretty looking testingplatform for the gamedevelopers - not like a finished game. But i hoped for more and gave the game some time and got rewarded. The feeling of beeing overchallenged and bored disappeared fast. Over time the Game gained more and more depth. It combined tactics with rpg elements including a possibility to craft your own artifacts. The Fighting and Balancing of this game is done very well. Also the loot and optimization progress felt just right.If you look for a fast paste action Game, you probably should stay away from this game. But if you like playing the tactical way with and against unique and challenging Creatures, you should give this Game a try."
76561197970481671,Recommended,222640,24186569,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Testo,ok storry bra gameplay
76561197993200909,Recommended,222640,9157951,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Samson,This is not a lazy mans game
76561197975807412,Recommended,222640,11826231,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Wentago,Loved this game.  Has very good real time combat with a tactical pause.  Fans of dragon age/baldur's gate who like the basics in dragon age combat but felt they were missing something look here.  Positioning is key and micromanaging your four man squad (from a total of 8 characters) is the only way to succeed.  The characters abilities and personalities are all very different and interesting.  Game is a good challenge and offers multiple difficulty levels.  Hopefully they make a sequel!
76561198049718840,Recommended,222640,11958945,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,HAIL SATAN,spoiler as hell;just buy and finish this game for making Nella a goddess cuz she deserves it! :D6/10
,Recommended,222640,28670242,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WouldYouKindly?,Dont expect much...But it has nice gameplay and mechanics...All in all a nice wellthought RPG! 7.4/10
,Recommended,222640,12945366,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,NitroBucket,Very fun and hard at times. Full control of your units that lets you use all kinds of strategy to kill your enemies
76561198045758384,Not Recommended,222640,19739396,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Ardis,"Close to recommending this game, but just couldn't for a few reasons.Pros:-Good tactical combat, interesting fights and enemy mechanics that make you really think-Decent graphics, character models, spell effects, etc...Cons:-Flat, one-dimensional characters that don't really develop. What you see is what you get.-Uncompelling storyline, you just don't care about it.-Gets very stale about halfway through...you just want it to be over.-Character levels cap out quickly, limiting development.-No currency and a weak item system that doesn't encourage much experimentation. By the end of the game you have an inventory full of junk and you don't know what to do with it.I feel like there is a lot of potential here that they could improve on in a sequel but this just felt stale and unfinished. At first it was good but got old very quick, if you are looking for a good tactical RPG I have heard Pillars of Eternity is great and might be worth your time."
76561198153337629,Recommended,222640,23874245,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Jipoh,"pretty awesome game, solid and enjoyable gameplay only downside is the last boss didnt pose much of a challenge when compared to other monsters in the game but well worth the price when on sale"
,Recommended,222640,9875169,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,mr.Badim,"Its 'ok' game. Nothing special - easy puzzles, weird classes, no items or customization of your heroes. Only option - pick rigth heroes to your party. But you dont have a choose actually - most of time it is a pre-set. Story - is ok too, Its not 'game of thrones'. If you really bored and beated all party-rpg games on Steam - then its solid pick."
,Recommended,222640,11680233,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Norax,"I really like this game. Its combat system is one of the best I saw on time. Complex skills that needs timing to unlock all its power, other skills that counters enemy tactics (convert enemy healing in damage, or taunt a chaneling protection shield from the enemy support to your tank), interruptions, blinds, silences, order queue which makes controling the WheelSwords smooth.The loot system is kind of anecdotic. Sometimes the enemies drop stuff. Is worth it? I guess so, it helps to further customize your units, but getting the right combination of stats may be a problem, basically because every character is played diferently. One sacrifices hp every time it uses a skill, other don't have mana regeneration, etc. It may get difficult at first to learn the skills and checking all its skill tree branches, but once done, you may be swaping between them.Another great thing is that you can rearrange the skill tree points whenever you want (out of combat), so you dont need to make a second run to try diferent tactics.The puzzles are kind of easy, but entertaining until you realize how to do them (maybe a couple of them may give you problems until you realize how the mechanic is).The maps are beautiful and the sound is ok.The only con I see to the game is that you can never use all the characters at once :(I think I would recommend this game to the players that like tactical games (arma tactics, final fantasy tactis, dawn of war 2, xcom)."
76561198005952118,Recommended,222640,26474567,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Nozdrum,It is a good game.
,Recommended,222640,8215413,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,rannar24,"Great art and great gameplay! But the sound effects did leave me wanting more. I just did not feel the impact of the strikes and the spells because the sound effects were kinda ""soft"". All in all, a good game though. RECOMMENDED"
76561197976306154,Recommended,222640,8055631,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,aramil01,Hours Played	5Beaten	NoCurrent Price	20.99Price per Hour	4.198Tactical turn based Strategy where all your characters feel like they have crappy abilities that when combined properly make it so you barely survive until the next fight where you do it all over again.  Difficulty curve is a bit brutal midway through and adds are a problem.  There was one section I could not get past until I figured out that one of the groups was a patrol and I had to pull the other group away from their spawning area.  Recommended pickup when it’s on sale.
76561198045833894,Recommended,222640,15705831,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Fuinril,Not the game of the century but entertaining of slightly repetitive on the end
,Recommended,222640,13706224,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,WARLORD,Great Combat. Great pause Tactics. Hoping for a Sequel.
76561198013517738,Recommended,222640,33555279,Posted: 15 July,all,Invisible Sun,game will not go past load screen in windows 10...cant find solution on steam or google...update press alt & enter will make load screen live & game then loads
76561197971948490,Not Recommended,222640,12782518,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Wraith_Magus,"This is one of those games where I'd rather have a ""meh"" option than a straight ""Yes"" or ""No"" option.Aarklash is pretty, and it runs just fine for as much as I've played it.  However, its claims of ""Tactical combat at its best!"" seem to ring a little hollow, and I find the game to not offer enough tactical choices to really make any one battle different from another.You have extremely limited options for customization, here.  You get four abilities to each character, with that character basically pre-defined by these abilities and some passives.  The ""skill tree"" is really just an upgrade tree for the skills each character has to have.  Each skill splits into two different branches, where they basically do something like one branch inflicts silence, and another does blindness.  Your only real choice is in which four of the eight characters you take.  The game trailer says something about ""skills working together"", but basically, all I see is bog-standard tank, DPS, heals, and control.  The game basically plays like a stripped-down version of a MMO's or DotA's combat, but with pausing, rather than the more tactical combat in Dragon Age.  In fact, there's an achievement for specifically NOT pausing, which makes me wonder why they advertised it as a pausable real-time like Baldur's Gate when it lacks the depth of such a game, and encourages you not to pause?  Smells slightly of false advertising.Skills are also either extremely expensive, or have extremely long cooldown times, so you basically only get to use them once per normal fight, and maybe 2-3 times in a boss fight... if they're useful at all, since several of them are rather situationally useful.  You recover full everything after a fight, anyway, so you might as well just throw the skills out there just because it's use it or lose it, but there isn't any real feel of that being tactically challenging.  Even playing hard mode, I didn't feel like I needed to do much but let my guys throw punches at whatever they target first, and just slap off all my skills one by one.  When you level up, your choice is mostly around which skill to pump up, but since you basically only get to use them one per fight, it's really more about just trying to pump enough points into a skill to either reduce its cooldown or mitigate it's situationalism so it's actually useful.  You can make one skill fully upgraded early, while leaving others the basic level, and one useful skill you can kind of use frequently can generally be better than a bunch of useless skills, but it's really dicey, and doesn't feel very rewarding as a gameplay mechanic.Boss fights are ""more challenging"", but I found the trick to them was generally more to just give them the Benny Hill/Yakkity Sax treatment, and just run circles around them while the rest of my party killed the minions, and while my skills cooldown timed out, rather than having to find some sort of interesting combo of skills that doesn't seem to exist.You fight two swordsmen.  Then you fight a swordsman and an archer.  Then you fight a swordsman and TWO archers.  Then you fight two swordsmen and a mage that casts easily-dodged magic bolts.  All the while you get maybe a powerup that gives you a slightly different move every 12th fight.  Basically, every fight is exactly the same except for the boss fights, and then I tended to rely more upon giving them the Yakkity Sax than any more clever strategy.I also can't recommend this game for its story or characters.  Dialogue with the first four characters basically goes like this:Dog-headed cleric woman: ""Grr! I want to kill them all!""Golem tanker woman: ""Heehee! Killing people is fun!""Leader mage woman with a stupid hat: ""Shut up, all of you! Listen to what I say! Now I say kill them all!""Goblin assassin guy with a giant rat on his head: ""Wait, you mean the joke-character looking assassin has to be the reasonable one who knows what he's doing in this group?  Oh well, at least I know how to read a map and tell you it's contents.  Why'd the jester wannabe get to be the leader?""To quote Dorothy Jones Heydt, ""I don't care what happens to these people.""  The NPCs basically all exist just to go, ""Rawr! We are on the other side from you guys, so let's fight!"" (And the PCs respond by talking about how much they enjoy killing...)It's not tactically challenging, and it's not enjoyable to read or watch. It's not awful by any stretch, and there are obviously people who liked it.  Maybe it improves if you slog through for another 6 hours, but I can't really say I enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,222640,11772604,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,The 1nteger,"Tried to like it but the game is too limited in abilities to counter what you face (especially considering the difficulty even on easy) in my opinion, I'm also guessing that since the skill tree is just buffs for your already possessed / default base skills it's going to get repetitive quickly which is a shame cause there could have been serious potential for some cool abilities and such.Imagine for instance if you were able to steal / learn enemies skills (Final Fantasy VII style for example), that would have given it that tactical edge in terms of fun and meeting the challenges on a more varied / fair way. I don't think it's a bad game if you get the run of it and don't mind it's limited / repetitive nature but it just tips over that 'frustration' border-line for me :("
,Not Recommended,222640,22098058,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Reaper,The game and characters are set in a world full of potential but a mix of poor pacing and overly complicated enemy abilities make the game a slog when it could've been really enjoyable. It doesn't help as well that the story slows in pace the further you progress with the ending being a cliffhanger that doesn't really resolve any of the questions that the game sets up from the beginning. It almost feels like the game started with a particular narrative in mind and about half way through they turned it into a generic bad-guy wanting to destroy the world.I'm definitely interested to see if they devs/IP release a sequel because there really is so much potential/originality in the content however the game/battles need a lot of polish before it becomes an RPG worth sinking time into.
,Not Recommended,222640,12693447,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Mistabullit,"Loved the strategic balance of this game. It makes for some close encounters, however the annoying bug that brings up ""Game Over"" in an encounter when party members still have plenty of health is really horrible and the reason behind me not recommending this game and quitting playing any further."
,Recommended,222640,20142123,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,[TLV] toalan,"Gameplay is great, it is a carbon copy of freedom force, which is a good thing. Graphics are ok.Outside of core gameplay and graphics; this game is exceptionally bad."
,Not Recommended,222640,13133116,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Ding Ding Dong,"A magnificent artstyle let down by obnoxious ""queue every ability in real time or while pausing"" combat and the ""too serious without levity or awareness"" writing.Stopped when I couldn't stand the voice acting anymore: if they don't sound interested, why should I be?"
,Recommended,222640,11510056,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,godspeeeed,its like dota without bases and single player and limited choice of hero and no weapons and its from french. i still recommend it regardless of if you like dieblo
,Not Recommended,222640,13422001,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,BucketOfNuggets,A very dull game with bland characters and awful voice acting. Feels and looks like a World of Warcraft Mod
76561198038091144,Not Recommended,222640,13500940,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Knight6726,Too many abilities to try and learn on too many different enemies.  It ends up slowing the game down far too much when you're trying to decipher which enemy has which attacks and it just gets very tedious.
,Not Recommended,222640,16800871,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Gnikrutuf,Why is the first boss so god damn impossible? WHY? I don't understand those games that you can't play.
,Recommended,222640,12831059,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Morbeous,I found this game really good.  Its the first game I have completed since the days of the original Devil May Cry back on PS2!!!  For me to stick to a game for so long and complete it then it must be good!!!
76561197987307911,Not Recommended,222640,13407844,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Neutral Unit,"The game is good and I would have reccomend it... but only for someone who is not familiar with Bioware, Bethesda or Black Isle production. I can't remember who the hell told me that this game is like old Baldure's Gate... Not even close.Pros:- Graphics- User-friendly gameplay and interface- Simplified loot system. No gold, no stores. You don't like something - put it in trash. After several times you will get an extra unique item- Tactics. At least pretendence to it.- Each charachter is unique!Cons:- It is not Baldure's Gate! No choices, dialogue options. Strict liniar walkthrough- Though the skill-tree for each is unique, for each character you have only four basic skills with 2 variations for each (8 choices in total). And I can't say they are good- don't think it is even close to RPG. You have an RTS with active pause.- Mostly no tactics at all or it is simplified ( I couldn't believe you can make more simple rules than stone-paper-scissors, but they did)- No party creation, no customization or change in appearance over time, no weapon choise, no stealth- Could have a good plot, but the dialogues ruin it- While the graphics are good, can't say about the effects. First NWN was even better!"
76561198036713503,Recommended,222640,24243355,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,happyscrub,This game should be the benchmark on how party ARPGs gameplay should be. MMORPGs have always been ahead of the curve with combat.... this is the first one I seen that does a good job taking it to the MMO level of combat tactics.
,Recommended,222640,8070789,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Lokhaman,"great tactic game, it is similar to XCOM with a fantasy setting"
76561198044237044,Recommended,222640,8497552,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Serath,Fantastic Fantasy based Strategy game
76561198173986850,Recommended,222640,24267652,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,dixon sider,best character customization in any RPG i played since final fantasy 9
76561198031328124,Recommended,222640,18314794,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rizilliant,"**I RECOMMEND ONLY WHEN ITS ONY 50% OR HIGHER SALE**Its fun.. But certainly not worth $20.00!  If, like me, you can get it on sale, its worth a shot..I like pause n play tactics.. The heros dont reflect any gear you may obtain, to there appearance, but they only allow for jewlry slots (5 i think)..  But there is forking upgrade paths for each heroes 4 abilities.. 1 path at first, then after 2-3 upgrades, you choose 1 of 2 directions, effectively altering how the ability works, or strengthening it... It does look ok, but nothing thats gonna turn heads.. It does have some CTD issues occasionally..Its extremely linear, and enemies do not respawn, so theres no famring, and i havent felt ""OP"" at any point.. Granted i havent finished it.. There are certainly better titles out there, but i think i only payed a few bucks for it, so.. it was worth it for 5-10 dollars..Some of the battles dont allow for many ways to tackle them, until later on, when you start getting multiple teammates.. You can have up to 4 in you party.. Youve got your tanks, healers, ranged, and melee dps, Controllers (improtant), etc.. Much of the combat is absolutely necessary to utilize the pause-n-play feature... You will not win most fights without it, on higher difficulty..."
76561198080781507,Not Recommended,222640,10137539,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Mr. Blonde,"Battles are repetitive and excessive, easy to get bored with it. Limited skills, stats seem worthless, story is ok, but plain characters. Puzzles are either too difficult, you need to guess a lot or too easy, and stupid, all of them."
,Recommended,222640,19181391,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SaltyKiddd,WHAT MAKES YOU FORGET TO EAT AND POOP? yea this game make you forget anything.
,Not Recommended,222640,22988672,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,underhere,"I wanted to like this game. The mechanics and story felt empty after a few hours of playing, like eating cotton candy... it looks sweet, but isn't very satisfying. 4/10"
76561197977165692,Recommended,222640,13134414,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Tjaranis,"so i really loved the game with a few annoying parts:)i found it extremely well made on all fronts:the thing i noted which i  found very good was:the skills system is nicely made, it is simple while still having planty of complexity for diversity.the understanding of ""things should only be as complex as needed"" have really been done here, and it works very well.combat:combat is done so well, all encounters feel well balanced, well setup and you do think over what you are doing etc. it feels fluent and you feel like you got the time needed for setup etc while not stressing that you have no time or that its too slow paced.items:the items are very simple again, % increase to dmg etc. which works extremely well for what it is, again only the complexity needed should be there and it is :)there is again enough variation due to the 8 characters that you will use time on tweaking it but not so much it will take the flow of the game which is well made.crafting:the crafting system consist of ""put whatever you dont need into this box and it will give you random top item""; this is AWESOME for this type of game..i cannot express how tired i am of RPG games making me have to be the Best ""blacksmith,tailor, weaponsmith, shoe maker, hunter, gathere etc"" just to acquire the best items, not only is that kinda thing stupid as hell from an RPG standpoint (seriously you are suddenly better at this then professionals that have done it all their live and at EVERY profession -.- and no one else can make equel items that you can even if you hand them the mats? come on man that is sooo stupid) but it also is a HUGE needless timesink that does nothing but break up the gameflow.SO it is AWESOME to see devs actually understanding this. TY.Progression:there is very little character progression in the game, it basicly comes down to get a skillpoint when you lvl, equep new gear.while i think it could have given a bit more here it actually doesnt take away from the gameplay, since there is 8 characters focused in each their area you never feel like you would have liked to build a char differently then it is by default.so this is ok for the game it is :)Puzzle's:all puzzle's tool between 2-10min to do, which is nice, it's not a puzzle game and therefore puzzle's should NEVER leave the player frustrated or truly wondering what he could do to get through it.they where challenging enough to make me brain go ""hmm"" but not so challenging it went ""FFS grrr"" which is exactly how hard puzzle's should be in an RPG (if you want truly hard puzzle's go play an advanture game where the focus is puzzle's)on top of that the puzzle's where well spread out through the game and never used more then 2-3 times (same type of puzzle).so very nicely done.FLOW:gameplay flow, properly the most importent in a game, and the one where RPG's normally truly fails.this game did it perfectly: i never felt bored while going through the game, i never felt it took too long between combat or puzzle's dragged on for too long or that i needed to break up my advanture to do some silly timesink thing.the flow was close to perfect and i was very engaged the entire time. so VERY well done.Story:i loved how the story doesn’t start with “you are the chosen one above all else, now go do your stuff of destiny blablabla” seriously RPG makers evolve beyond this already..so it was VERY nice that the story felt real and as something that from a fantasy pov was relatable, while not saying “you are the chosen one” they are not going “ow hell if you should know wth is going on or why you need to do stuff, just go randomly do stuff” which is the other extreme and again feels really forced and but.this is something that almost all rpg fcks up -.- including AAA title’s which are truly horrible at this (sigh looking at the new Dragon age game and almost all other aaa title’s the last 10 years).So as said it was nice that they did it in a way which felt “real”, now without spoiling too much they do move towards a “destiny” plot (although it isn’t destiny as such, but still I am a bit disappointed with the ending/last 2hours of gameplay story)Characters:I LOVED this, how long time is it since, no wait I don’t remember a single RPG where you got this much diversity in characters to choose from, seriously :DAnd I don’t remember when I last got the chance to play a “bad” guy type thing..So we got:Orc, goblings, ogra’s (which actually look their part not just stupid reskins of humans), we got 2 legged machine centure thing, we got a human sorc(only human so it is nice to have), we got a LICH!! You can play as a lich I mean how awesome is that :DA “chaos dwarf” thing, and we got at the end a hyena humanoid though :PAnyway the playable cast and personality difference is HUGE for such a little gameAnd the playstyle is very different for each character which is really nice.I can’t remember a single RPG before this one where I was thinking “damn I wish I could use more companions at one time” my normal though is “damn I wish I could remove these annoying companions they do nothing for the gameplay or story, just in the damn way”, but here I truly felt like I wanted to be able to use more of them all the time, and it was great.Voiced:The game is fully voiced and while it’s not the best voicing it is a decent+ job and it adds a TON to the gameplay, I am really happy it is there, the only character I felt was a bit out of character was the lich. But personal pref I guess :)But it is a big plus too the game, and they had some cool ref and things they said while they stood around, one ref that sprang into mind was the gobbling saying “gobbling: well if we are just gonna stand here lets play some bloodbowl” just awesome :P heheMaps/lvls:The lvl and map design was very well done, big enough for me to explore with rewards for doing so, small hidden stuff as well worth getting.And never did they show me something then go “nanana if you cant figure it out you ain’t getting it” which is annoying as hell in every game they do that.. if I didn’t find it I don’t wanna know it exist! I wanna go through the game feeling that I found every treasure and got the maximum out of my playthrough:This game does that perfectly.On top of that I didn’t once feel that the map design hindered my combat gameplay. So very good job on this as well.Now there is a ton of good stuff and there is of cause a bit bad as well, not much though:hmm not enough space to write the cons so will do it fast :) (stupid steam)so ending left a lot to be desired.autosave wasn't very good.if you have a party member die you lose the game if you dont ress him fast enough (19h only an issue 4 times)its very liniar but it is fine because it holds you engaged by the story and awesome characters.I do hope they will make more like this even though I doubt it, I had never heard of it before and it was by pure luck I bought it and I am VERY happy I did so.WELL WORTH both the time and money :)"
,Not Recommended,222640,21108715,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,milton,"Fighting is okay, encounter design at some places decent and sometimes absolutely horrible, like the rest of the game.Buy in a sale, if you like party based action ""rpg""."
,Not Recommended,222640,20335790,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,RUM HAM,Wasn't sold on it.  Spell trees are very limited and combat feels the same every time.
,Recommended,222640,33551209,Posted: 14 July,all,royalmage7,I wish there were more games like this one...
76561198053684621,Not Recommended,222640,34503162,Posted: 26 August,all,alterpha,"I tried 3 times to play this, and I just cannot get into it mostly offline. I don't know what it is but it's just not very fun. The idea is cool, but, the camera sucks, and it's overall gameplay is somewhat derivitive. I found it to be too quirky and boring to play through."
76561198131559915,Not Recommended,222640,21358809,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,aringt,"Right now, I am not going to recommend this game, I will explain it later. The things I like about this game is that it is really well done in the game play. The animation of the characters are smooth and it is challenging to play. The background graphics are stunning and very beautifully rendered and, though it does have it's quirks, the UI is pretty decent.But, now for the bad. At first, when I started the game after downloading and installing it, there were no command choices at the start up screen! So, I used Win 10's compatability program and it fixed that problem. But another one now exists. The game crashes every minute of play or so. This is frustrating. I go so far against an enemy, and the game would crash with a pop-up pannel telling me that the game had crashed. I got outside the building and went against 2 other enemies and as soon as I defeted them, the game crashed again. And it crashed when one of the characters got an item. It crashed again when one of the characters went up a level. Then, I went to one more Boss villian of this section of the game and it crashed again! This does not make a  playable game. And it doesn't matter the settings, it will still crash.Also, it would have been nice if it would let you choose or create your own characters, but that's not in the game. Also, when your character powers up, you have no choice where the power up points will go. But, I can set that aside if the above is somehow dealt with.I'll still play the game, but right now, I'm giving it a thumbs down with the buggy crashings."
76561197989143661,Not Recommended,222640,20636977,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Chicken Champ,"Seems like it has a fairly crunchy combat system, but the voice acting and writing is a little too on the nose, and takes its own lore way too seriously. Also, the game crashes every five or ten minutes, which is a pain. Not bad for the price on sale, but overall it's just meh."
76561198012151525,Not Recommended,222640,15493684,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Aprion,Yet another pay to win game. If you aren't willing to fork over a lot of cash for the good stuff you are going to get screwed over and feel nothing but frustration.
,Not Recommended,222640,13192572,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
76561197963648068,Recommended,222640,7904846,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,sKorpion,"sKorpion's rating: overall 7/10story 7characters 7combat 8graphics 8gameplay 7RPG 2o.k.... for starters, upon release it was buggggged...this has been resolved and game is very polished!so ignore most early reviews.now, this game is somewhat unique in style and combat...a definite learning curve... but it grows on ya :)once you adapt the combat is very well done!The story and characters are intriquing.enemies are varied and resourceful!Character skills compliment each other and skill points can be reassigned any time without penalty.You play this title strictly for the battles and story.DO NOT EXPECT AN RPG!yes, there are some nice skills, BUT ...no character custromization, no armor, no weapons, no good loot, no merchants.... etc.this for me was a killer...a little personalization or rpg element would have helped a LOT!This is a good adventure gamebut needed more elements to be great."
76561197982726178,Recommended,222640,29839233,Posted: 10 February,all,Xofek,Best Isometric RPG I have played since Icewind Dale
76561198075590590,Not Recommended,222640,17685966,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Lamps,"Couldnt get into it. I tried twice, but both times didnt get very far."
76561197964779158,Not Recommended,222640,9182281,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Divion,"Good game with sweet graphics and an ok story. But.... WAAAAAAAAAAY to much crowd control in the game. Either you get stunned, charmed, immobilize, knocked down or the enemy locks you out from your skills.... That ruined this game for me."
,Not Recommended,222640,30821017,Posted: 29 March,all,Telnik,It gives off an interesting first impression-- a seemingly enjoyable combat system with a mystery. The art direction isn't too bad but the voice acting is either alright or just downright bad. It was after a little bit that every counter became tedious and the plot essentially going nowhere.
76561198004839473,Not Recommended,222640,21482086,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Tamminen,"Good grafhics, good concept, but ""chained"" battles without any save between are really annoying, killing all fun by replaing first battle to get to the second."
76561197997599402,Not Recommended,222640,21142412,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,grakef,"I unforunately went into this game expecting a diablo clone or top down RPG. This is not those games. I believe it is a good game, but the tactical party-base feels more like chess than a video game.  I found that if I wasn't constantly pausing, move, pause, attack that I would be completely destroyed. Download the demo and get a feel for it. I think it probably is a good game just nothing I am intersted in."
,Recommended,222640,2323095,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Philly Bizzle,"Games looking insane, I highly recommend this."
76561198082566864,Not Recommended,222640,19598473,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Psi ionic Hexes,Dislike. Has a competitor.
,Not Recommended,222640,21766270,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,711green,Boring random fights made me stop playing this awesome game.
76561197965793184,Recommended,222640,12666249,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,The WoolF,Baldurs Gate bzw Dragon Age Origins mäßige kämpfe die auch auf dem normalen Schwierigkeitsgrad eine herausforderung sind.
,Not Recommended,222640,8780919,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Krmpy,"This game is Okay. The mechanics are clunky, and well Dragon Age: Origins plays better, has better UI, better camera and better graphical displays of what's happening on the battle field. Aarklash combat can be rewarding if you look at all the small details on the screen.Part of me wonderings why all the cast are very similar, different colored circle over the casting enemies head."
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,222640,9648574,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Illimitus,"This game has so much potential, the devs are obviously talented, but arrogant and thus will fail. A pity."
76561197994729886,Not Recommended,222640,1559779,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,AiDec,"It was good game, hack`n`slash with tactics, until... it came to secret puzzles. I hate minigames! If I`d like to play puzzle, I`d play puzzle game! F.CK!!!How can you so much f.ck up an hack`n`slash game? :/Not recommended. Interesting game destroyed by f.cking puzzles :/"
76561198018955044,Not Recommended,222640,12306690,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Santiagowned,"The idea of the game is interesting. Looks like Baldur's Gate, but voice acting is bad and so is music. It kills every mood and excitement that the game could build."
,Recommended,222640,18928568,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[HBHUD] MMRashad,"I highly recommend Aarklash: Legacy to all the fans of Action RPGs not afraid to try out something off the beaten path.While Cyanide Studios most definitely has a shaky reputation when it comes down to how successful or even good their RPG games ever were, they do strike gold most of the times with how unique the worlds they create are, and Aarklash is just that.It's quite the wonderful Action RPG that really goes out of its way to appeal to hardcore fans of the formula by making its gameplay as difficult and strategic as possible, and offering rewards to any who choose to venture beyond that and complete the bonus quests.As simple as the option menu is, it doesn't do a bad job at all of conforming to your specific rig with the least hassle you can encounter.The graphics are, for an Action RPG, in my opinion, as good as can ever be expected for such a title. The artstyle is gorgeous and colors are vibrant. The story is really not that complicated but well written and has a nice flair to it with the medium-level voice acting.My complaints on the game are the comstant frame skips when a lot of enemies appear due to lack of optimization for the graphics and the simple options menu.To reiterate, if you are a big fan of Action RPGs and don't mind playing games on a mid-level of quality, then you'll consider Aarklash a gem, otherwise, you'll probably be complaining about the graphics quality, voice acting, strategic combat system, and whatever else you don't find appealing unless you're playing AAA titles."
76561198030770447,Recommended,222640,19056647,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Sqbany,"With 75+% off this is really solid strategy game that will grab your attention for few evenings. If you like tactical RPGs that is. For full price however, I'd pass, unless really craving for some strategy.Game is hard enough on higher difficulty, complex enough stat/skill and tactics build around tank/dps/healing with sprinkle of control and positional movement. Graphics has its style, quite few voiced cutscenes, decent although cliche story. Love drawn art. Combat is almost flawless, solid, polished, almost doesn't fit for such otherwise mediocre title Aarklash is.Then again Aarklash seems like it had ambitions to be really awesome tactical RPG, much like Icewind Dale series, but failed somewhere. Not enough depth, not enough skills, items, ways to influence stats. Enemies and puzzles feel like artificially put in rooms, just to waste your time on your way, like in C class action movie, where something needs to die to make main hero waddle trough on his way to big bad boss.On interesting note this is how MMORPG raids would look like if it was single player."
,Recommended,222640,18046182,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,mkl,"Nice visuals and gameplay make for a good fun game, definitely worth it when there' a discount (I have not finished the game yet).It's a light RPG style game which doesn't need a big time commitment to enjoy so a good choice for time-constrained RPG-lovers :)"
76561198022803738,Recommended,222640,19085414,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Tytalus,"If you like serious tactic games in a fantasy setting, then this is about the best one out there.Aarklash pulls together some of the best aspects of various games:- In overall concept, its perhaps most similar to Final Fantasy Tactics.  The game revolves around a serious of tactical battles with a modifiable squad and an engaging, but linear, story.  But best be clear the battles are at the heart of the game.  This is not an RPG, its a tactical battler.- The battles themselves consist of a squad of four team members, with each of those members have four different skills.  The skills themselves feel like something drawn from a MOBA skillset - yet with the skill-shot difficulty ramped up so much that you've got to pause every few seconds to position you squad correctly.- Meaning that the type of player who will enjoy this game is much more likely to be you Panzer General type grognard.  This is a game of careful positioning, skill selctions and matchups, not speed-clicking.- The comparisons to Balder's Gate etc are misleading - except in graphical style.  Don't go in expecting dialogue options.  There is enough of the Baldur's Gate fun and flavour to keep the story ticking along and the characters interesting.Highly recommended - so long as you understand what type of game you are getting."
76561198004080636,Recommended,222640,18853075,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Allu,I really like this game. It's real time strategy with pause (luckily you don't have to build base).+Characters are really good. I like the fact every character is unique. Voice acting seems to me good as well - I have a feeling this game was made with passion and love.Story it-self is gripping and well presented.I enjoyed combat a lot. As I said before every character is different so you can create your party that suit you.-The amount of puzzles is ehm well...little bit too many of them. The biggest problem I had is that you have no idea how it works. Maybe kind of tip (help) around might be useful.Curses cast on you can't be undone so you have to auto-attack a long time. You have no chance (sometimes in the skill tree the skill can cancel something) to undo it...you can only prevent it...but to be honest I don't know if enemy curse me in 5 or 10 sec...Well sometimes your mouse can't move the screen around. And suddenly works again and then couple of minutes not again...so its kind of annoying...but not the end of the world.Conclusion - I liked the game a lot. 9/10
76561197965396869,Recommended,222640,212447,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Macdallan,"This one's got potential - but the pause, move, pause every 2 seconds in combat to avoid some of the harder hitting attacks gets really boring really quick.  I suppose that's part of the strategy but it is not much fun.  This game looks good and is interesting.  I like the story so far and the voice acting is okay although some of the dialogue is a bit tired.  This is the kind of RPG that could be amazing if handled correctly but for me the combat doesn't quite work.  Otherwise, it's a pretty solid game, and at least the devs tried to do something different.  It play a bit like a Diablo style game - with four characters - or like Krater with 4 instead of 3...  hope they balance it out a bit better - or change the combat so it's not just swing, swing, walk out of the way of an attack, swing, swing, try to use magic - oh, gotta cancel and walk out of the way of another attack.Oh, and there's no ""gear"" only one ring, trinket, earring, and a couple other items.  Weapons and armor, etc are WYSIWYG."
76561198030403351,Recommended,222640,18940325,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Willy,This game is definitely great purchase  even without sale. I had great fun to play through this game and can recomand to anyone.
76561198039851164,Recommended,222640,4616802,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,[KOR]자유를향해,best galem.
76561198041988572,Recommended,222640,19405483,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Charles,"Personally, really enjoyed the game; required a lot of dying and restarting...better like micro managing to win, but I found it rather fun more than tedious or difficult. Each move matters...wish it was a little longer, and the skill tree were more inviting but hey, fun game for a few bucks."
,Recommended,222640,10204918,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Chandler,"I feel like Cyanide is really coming into stride. This game shows definite improvement over their previous efforts.The core gameplay (the combat, skill trees, characters) are all very good. Every character you get has a unique positive and a negative that change the way they play. As an example, the first healer you get does not automatically regenerate mana, but also cannot be affected by anti-magic debuffs. Because of this, she must use the health of your allies to gain mana back. Neat mechanics like this lend to interesting gameplay.The combat is akin to older RPGs, say, Baldur's Gate or the like, except with a modern take. Imagine Baldur's Gate with skillshots and other more ""modern"" RPG/MOBAesque abilities. Pause, issue orders, unpause, etc. It is quite fun and tactical, and led to some good battles. I played on Normal, and I felt like the game was well balanced (although the end boss was very, very easy).The graphics are, from an artistic standpoint, quite good. They are consistent and the world is well drawn. From a technical standpoint, they aren't bad, but won't really blow you away. Definitely an improvement over say, Confrontation.It does get a bit repetative, and I had to play it in shorter spurts as a result, but still had fun playing it. It's an almost entirely linear experience with 85% combat, 10% puzzles, and 5% dialogue. The story is adequate but nothing amazing.Overall, a fun game. Recommended if the combat I described above sounds interesting to you and you like tactical RPG games."
,Recommended,222640,10316162,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,euchaotic,"If you're a fan of the Confrontation/Cadwallon universe you will LOVE this game. It's isometric but it's more along the lines of Dragon Age's pause and react playstyle. The itemization will drive you nuts at times with it's haphazard assignment of abilities, but in the end, the epic items don;t add too much to the game. If you ever played the confrontation miniatures game gte this now!"
,Recommended,222640,10402940,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,AngryTurtle,"I purchased this game not expecting much and was absolutely blown away. Don't get me wrong, the game has problems. The puzzles become a chore and the gear adds little to the game and needed to be expanded upon or removed entirely, and the world is highly linear. However, the base gameplay is fantastic. The controls are intuitive, the enemies are designed well, and the spells are actually diverse and interesting. I had a lot of fun just playing through the battles on higher difficulties and coming up with strategies to take them down.If the game had some quick battles or multiplayer it would be one of my favorite in recent memory. I'd love to see a sequel that didn't seem like it was limited by money and time as much, however considering I and everyone else I know had never heard of this game I doubt they made too much cash on it."
76561198044602112,Recommended,222640,10379920,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,jasonrmoon,By far one of the best RPG/Tactical games I have played. Good story line (a must for me) with great voice acting. I started this game as soon as I finished the Dragon Age I game and my expectations for a good game were pretty high. This game delivered on entertainment.
76561198049448901,Recommended,222640,9828303,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,flamb0yant,"Aarklash Legacy is all about combat. And the combat system is the best I've played in years! Positioning on the battlefield, directional shots, friendly fire... You'll be taking care of all these variables. Moreover, the characters are interesting, each one with their strengths and weaknesses; you'll be happy to be able to re-assign skill points at will, because the game urges you to experiment a lot.This game isn't perfect obviously: the plot is linear and you won't be making any narrative/roleplaying choice. But, as I anticipated, this is not the point of Aarklash Legacy at all. Battles are what matter here!"
76561198067156140,Recommended,222640,9401276,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Kamakze,Wonderful game! Reminds me of games like Baulders Gate or Icewind Dale with a little Diablo 3 or Path of Exile mixed in.
76561198006501659,Recommended,222640,10006711,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Madwizz,"Pros:-Challenging tactical combat.-Interesting character skills.-Puzzles.Cons:-Linear map design.-Little replay value.Aarklash: Legacyis an isometric dungeon crawler that offers challenging tactical combat similar to great games likeBaldur's GateandIcewind Dale. Nearly all encounters you have with the enemy you need to plan and manage your resources and cooldowns in order to win. The combat plays out in real time but you can pause the game at anytime and give your party members new orders.There are eight characters in the game that you can use to form your party of four. Each character has four unique skills that can be modified in different ways as you go up in levels with that character. The characters themselves are interesting and have unique personalities and are well voice acted.Through the game you will come across various puzzles that you need to solve to progress or to get some extra loot. So examples of puzzles are: Stepping on plates in the right order, Turing lights on or off on a board until all are lit.The areas you travel through look nice but the paths you have to take are preset with very few places to break off from to get some extra loot. On most maps you are literally zigzagging from one end to the other.After you have completed the game it offers little to no real replay value unless you wish to play at a different difficulty or if you missed an achievement that you like to get.(Thanks toChiefDan7andMidnightWarriorfor helping to make this review)"
,Recommended,222640,9907294,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Torgul,Had fun with this game .... very strategic.
76561197972483956,Recommended,222640,586465,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Plovske,Very cool! Reminds me of Dragon Age. Good buy for sure!
76561197966706551,Not Recommended,222640,18552225,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,spudthedude,"I started off really enjoying this game, then out of the blue there is a section of loads of frustrating puzzles.I might just be dumb but I couldnt complete them and even following youtube videos struggled to work out what was going on and why.There is no way to get through the game without doing these, they are not optional, they are not ""bonus"" stuff. Therefore I uninstalled once I reached a section of constant puzzles, leaving myself frustrated with the game overall as I had enjoyed it as a strategy game until then and had intended to complete it.Had someone asked me if i was a good game 1 hour ago I'd have said yes, but now I cant recommend it unless you really like puzzles."
,Recommended,222640,30919,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,lament,actually decent tac rpg
76561198031005852,Recommended,222640,17571887,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,andera,One of the best tactical  RPG games I ever played.
,Recommended,222640,17672909,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Satanica.,"Very nice refreshingly ""old style"" sort of RPG here."
76561197995559895,Recommended,222640,13436150,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,rolinbud,"Cons - First boss said ""I could care less""Pros - Picked up for $5, and so far it is fun."
,Recommended,222640,16569865,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,I have no idea what I'm doing,"So, I finished the game. It took me 21h on normal difficulty (but I tend to clear all areas and such, although it seems that - according to achievements - I still missed some chests).Anyway, I'd say this game is pretty casual (although difficult), meaning you can just hop in, play for a bit, save, quit. It's a great thing really. This, and the fact it loads in literally seconds helps a lot. You can just load the game, run one battle, get owned, ragequit. ;-)It's linear, and doesn't really have much character development (you do, however, level up skills (easy and free to respec) and find some items that just give you some basic stats), but the battles are pretty fun. You find out what a ""tactical RPG"" is pretty soon. ;-)Sounds and visuals are pretty great I'd say. Pauses a bit too long at times between characters speaking in cutscenes, which kind of breaks that ""smooth flow"", but that's really all I can complain about.Aarklash: Legacy seriously deserves more publicity. I had fun and am actually considering re-playing on the highest difficulty level."
,Recommended,222640,18058002,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,SirGeo,Fun game good for that tactical strat itch
76561198065545417,Recommended,222640,16842293,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Ralf the Huge,"*** (of 5)Dungeon game, with a lot of tactical work to doInteresting battle systemYou increase the abilities of your heros, but your tactic in the battle is much more importantNot much of a story (more hack & slay)"
,Not Recommended,222640,13898923,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,melloncollia,"Mediocre strategy game with RPG elements.Not a lot of stat adjustments, and some builds are exponentially better than others.Some of the worst pathing you will ever encounter, which wouldn't be that big of a deal until you realize how critical precise movement (positioning) is in game.You will literally need autism for any of the puzzles to make sense, and this is after 25+ years of gaming puzzle solving, D&D campaigns, and general MENSA shenanigans.Go ahead an start shooting up mercury to truly enjoy this game."
76561197990118120,Recommended,222640,13906810,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Tkaraion,"This game may be strange. This game may be have not so modern graphics. This game may be too short and boring at the endgame phase.But this is unic expearence of teambased strategic combat, interesting characters, strong enemies and powerfull bosses. The most likely the game says - ""Try to feel like a raidleader in MMORPG"". And it works great.And open ending gives us a hope for sequel."
76561198003023777,Recommended,222640,13887747,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Alan,"Aarklash is, for once, a $20 game worth $20 (though I got it for $5, yay).Prior to this I had a pretty low opinion of pause-based RT tactical games.  Usually the pause feature is just there to cover up for the fact that the game is a clickfest with too much information and too many commands poorly presented or hidden in menus.Aarklash has created the perfect pause-based gameplay.  The streamlined controls, interface, and action queue system present all the information you need without overloading your senses and all the control you want without forcing you to micromanage every single attack.The enemies are billiantly created, with complementary abilities and ingenius passives that force you to examine each enemy group, develope new strategies to counter their abilities, and constantly watch for them to start casting so you can pause, check what spell they're using, and decide how/whether to interrupt or dodge.  You WILL get that feeling of ""oh my god I just pulled through that by the hair of my teeth"" that you get when you take an intimidating clusker-f**k and turn it around through skilled reactions and battle control.  It's pretty rewarding, not to mention fun.The player's abilities are fairly well done as well, though I wish there are been a bit more depth.  You only get 21 points, which is enough to max out 2 of the 8 lines and almost one of the others.  In some cases this forces you to make tough choices and can lead to different gameplay, but often there seems (to me) to be a clear winner.Items appear to all be procedurally generated with three levels of rarity and the ability to recycle ones you don't want for  new highest quality items.  On the one hand, it gives you some of the constant upgrades you get from a rng gear game, but on the other hand you get so much gear it doesn't really matter.  That's all good, except the game also has no gear you might consider ""special"", so you never really get the feeling of having found anything cool or worth keeping.  Also, many of the stat mechanics are unknown as well (such as armor), which means it's hard to even decide what to use.There are a lot of puzzles in the game, and they are generally fun and at least semi-challenging (difficulty varies widely).The story isn't bad, but lacks depth.  The characters are well flushed out, especially given how limited the dialogue is.  However, several of them are pretty much useless (Bo Lahm, for example is a crappy hybrid horrible at both tanking and damage).  You'll have to use each of them for a little while, but for most of the game you'll use only the same 4 characters.Overall, it's a OK game on top of a fantastic combat system.  They could definitely have made it great with a bit more work, but I definitely recommend the game to any tactical RPG players."
,Not Recommended,222640,14261066,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Pherocity,"The writing and some of the voice acting for this is horrible, and I cannot continue.  The polt holes in the first 10 seconds make no sense.  The graphics are good, the combat moves are mostly indistinguishable from a surround and pound technique.  Cannot recommend this game if you're looking for a Baldurs Gate, or Divinity: Original Sin like game."
,Recommended,222640,7332718,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,thuly,Baldurs Gate and DOTA had an eastern European baby.
76561198071804692,Recommended,222640,15468672,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,kingbuu,Great game lots of fun hope they will do a 2nd one
,Recommended,222640,15650262,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,crackie79,"Well this was definitely a fun game to romp through. You got not so typical characters with special skills. You got a fairly interesting storyline. You got your strategy planning and keeps you at the edge of your seat..The bad of it though... It is really hard... at normal level.. and fairly easy at easy level. Some balancing of the skill level required will definitely help.And the ending? Yikes.. after fighting through all that, I was definitely expecting a better ending.So yea, surely worth buying, and playing at easy level for the fun of it. It provided a fun exciting journey through the world of Aarklash!"
76561198033084858,Recommended,222640,14282742,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Harkat,"Short, easy settings but hard combat makes up for a fantastic game! 8/10!"
,Recommended,222640,14394602,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,PMA,"I've always loved good turn-based game, and i must say that this game doesnt dissapoint me. First impression, this game similar with Dragon Age Origins.Absolutely worth my money.8.5/10"
,Recommended,222640,13280666,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,⛧ Bjeffwoff ⛧,"Decent Story, Great Combat, Graphics are nice. Level design is great imo. I really love how much detail the dev put troughout the maps.Music goes unnoticable but it's not bad It's just not very intruding which is a good thing.The combat is really great. I love the way that you have to position your units and i normally hate pausing to queue events but this game make it work fabolously. Good variety in enemies and i don't feel cheated with the cash i spent on this.The characters are kinda cute. Each with their own personalities. Voice acting is not that bad. But a bit awkward/quirky because only 1 is allowed to speak at a time and there is a short pause sometimes between them. But i can't complain.Some decent puzzles. ( i am horrible at puzzle-solving) and i found them easy enough. Just remember to be logical..Overall great game, really liked it. Must have if you love strategy games with great combat. 8/10(Feels a bit tedious at the end because you've maxed out your levels and all but still good.)"
,Not Recommended,222640,13144021,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Arlight1,"I don't recommend this game because it is kind of repetitive, has a kind of dull story, and could definitely use some more polishing."
,Recommended,222640,13224471,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Spirit,"I just started the game but I can say that I think it have a great potential,first of all you are introduced in this new world and the charachter are very well defined, same for they abilities, and about their powers it's very interesting how you can combine them all to win a battle, maybe you will need to try more than once against strong enemies, but you will figured out how to solve the situation, so you need to think too, and use a strategy, and this is made in a way that you can stop a moment during the battle to think and see what spell you should/can use, against an enemy or to heal an ally. the selection of the spells is very simple ando the way that you can select all the heroes or one of them, more interesting it's that if one of them is down with no more health, it does not die immediately, but you can reach and help it with another hero still in health and rescue, or end the battle so they will be able to stand up again and get ready for the next matchI can say that i can reccomend it  even if there are a lot of games like this, I quite liked it!"
,Recommended,222640,13119836,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,PainBringer,"Very good tactical RPG! Interesting, colorful and fun. People who played Rakham miniature or RPG games will be especially pleased!"
76561198030308941,Recommended,222640,14031608,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Tlaluc,"Very nice tactical game. Riddles are also solvable if you switch on your brain. A little backstep though : you control all characters only once, after that there is no necessity to equip all the chars - but as a first time player you don´t know this. So you waste a lot of time with comparing gear for chars you won´t normally play again after you´ve found your favorites. A little short but the twist at the end gives hope for more content - maybe oneday :)"
76561198005622228,Recommended,222640,13520632,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Brucie,"I am not a fan of tactical games like this one. But i must say that graphics, sounds, characters voices are decent. There are also some puzzles, hidden chests, secret areas, strong bosses etc.  People who like tactical RPG games will be delighted. But since i haven't finished the game yet i can tell only this much.Better get it when it's on sale.Overall Rating: 7.0/10.0"
76561197991239902,Recommended,222640,14728606,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Mauseleum,Alotta bang for a buck... a hidden gem for dragon age and team based rpg fans!
76561198023026564,Recommended,222640,13301874,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,MrClicky,"Great tactical battles. The active pause system works really well with all the position-dependent skills, and there are a huge number of character and skill combinations to mess around with. I love it when games let you respec on the fly to try different tactics, and this game throws different challenges at you that often require going back to rethink what skill branches to take.Storywise, I appreciate how unique the characters are (and voiced well enough) - this is not your standard virtuous knight+ranger+mage fantasy team. The plot, at least as far as I am, is also not the same save-the-world nonsense as countless other games, thankfully!In my mind, the biggest weak point is the item system (although I love that you can dump enough trash items to reroll a new quality item), but I don't find that it drags down the core of the game - it's more like it's not even there."
76561197967650601,Recommended,222640,11059898,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,maurinusa,"Wow, what a great game! Good characters. Unique setting. Could do without the items. The real beauty of this game is the deep tactical combat. You can pause at any time and you will need to do so often. You get 8 characters but can have four in your party at a time. Each character has four abilities that you can put skill points into though at max level you can only get two of the skills maxed out. You can respec at any time though, so no worries about putting points in the wrong area. I love that this game has fair combat. No cheating PC baddies. You enemies may have different abilities but you can view what all their abilities are at any time in combat, with the exception of two bosses i believe who were listed as having some secret abilities. You know what your party and the enemy party are capable of, so it's a matter of using your abilities best to crowd control, counter, and kill the enemy. Great game at a fair price."
76561198114156108,Recommended,222640,20145194,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lemrix,"Nice graphics, good gameplay. Story is meh, but i didnt purchase this game for story. I rly like combat - pause it, plan ahead, kill all enemies and win. I was little bit sad that you cant make your own group but get 4 preset ""heroes"". but you can customize them via nice skill trees.Overall a would say its nice 7/10 game."
76561197988132416,Recommended,222640,20379375,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Dark Lord Zul,"Such an amazing game! Gameplay, reaplyability and a well balanced dificulty scale are notable qalitiesItems system is pretty random but that is about the only drawback I have facedStory isnt the greatest, but its more than adequite and better than most AAA titles these daysHas a demo so why not give it a spin for yourself"
76561197960314958,Recommended,222640,19606866,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Lëgënd,"A little known game with a good story, great graphics and gameplay. The active pause gameplay is a nice feature that helps you plan and adapt to the different battles."
76561198065372578,Recommended,222640,10090223,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,BUTTBOOGER,A very deceptively challenging game to be sure. Requires a finess in micro-managing skills and a mindful eye of tactical RPG style of gameplay. Other elements in the game is otherwise underwhelming and bland but the combat is done exceedingly well.
,Recommended,222640,20656446,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Aeo,"The way the gameplay is great reminds me the way the Inquisition has failed.For PC, at least."
76561198050022635,Recommended,222640,20628222,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,daledragon26,"It's not a bad game. I wasn't exactly enthralled with the combat. It was okay, not bad combat but alright. Characters where hit and miss. Some of them, i rather liked and others I didnt enjoy. The story was a little weird tbh. However, the ending was great. No spoilers here, but it was an interesting ending...I would recommend the game but it certainly isn't for everyone. Look it up first. Video review on Youtube or something before buying."
,Recommended,222640,20606120,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,"Go, Particles!","good game, like to know what is the engine, looks like a good balance between efficiency, style and realistic. Could be used for something else."
76561198243896688,Recommended,222640,25491009,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Kaelandros,Nice game for a few bucks
76561198038449056,Recommended,222640,26718883,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,vergessen,"good game...What i think needs to be said:- every char is different - and by different i mean completely different- you are not determined by your choices - play every char you like, chars that are inactive get ext either way. you can reskill freely, dependant on the enemy- the enemies have up to 4 active and 4 passive abilities - you have to read then! nd you have to plan how to react on them! You may taut the enemies healing beam on urself or just knock him down while channeling, completely up to uget it, play it, when you hate it after 2 hours you can still give it back anyway"
76561198021884891,Recommended,222640,26839175,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spyral,"I didn't think much of this game going in, but I am so glad that I gave it a shot. The combat, the fun characters and the story all seemed to click with me. My only, very slight, complaint would be the length of the game. A bit short for my taste, but it didn't detract from the enjoyment. I look forward to a few more play throughs with different party members! (where's the sequel!?)"
76561197975160960,Recommended,222640,25684088,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,colvinj,"So this game is interesting.  I found it difficult at first, but then it became second nature.  More tactical than BGI or BGII, but less options or ""wrong"" choices.  I found myself attached to the characters by the end.Interesting world, I enjoyed it."
76561198054857521,Recommended,222640,5740479,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,pantango,Good game. Awesome mechanics and the customization of your party is nice. Two bad things:1.- Very few types of equipment2.- Different equipment doesnt chage the character layout.Still awesome and pantango approved!
76561198029353032,Recommended,222640,28457709,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,CysteicAcid,Nice game.
76561198018083082,Recommended,222640,28952996,Posted: 2 January,all,Chris,"This game is so much fun. I bought it on sale but would buy again at full price easy. You control 4 characters with 4 abilities each, much like dota or league of legends. Obviously it is hard to control 4 characters at once, so you get to pause the game and queue abilities which make things a lot easier. The game is not turn based which is awesome.The only downside to this game is there is no DLC and no sequel. I would recommend this game to any tactical RPG fan."
