user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,222730,7468967,"Posted: 24 October, 2013",all,Alexspeed,"You should play Reus. - It will give you a barren planet and 4 Giants which are able to create life on it. With their help you will create different biomes, plants, animals and ressources. Attracted by this, Humans will settle and build Villages, which you can then grow and care for.The game is presented in its unique and suprisingly detailed visuals that let you zoom from the planet view in to the details of the villagers. Its something to experience, and makes navigating the whole planet fast, very easy.The playtime is at first limited to 30 minutes, you have to play and unlock achievements to expand this to 60 and later 120 minutes. Yes the gameplay is heavily driven by achievements, but through this you are able to learn to effectively play the game. If they would have just ulocked everything from the start i would have been overwhelmed and confused. There is also an endless mode and various special gameplay options that you can play with if the standard gameplay isnt your thing.The gameplay gets more and more complex the further you advance in the game, up to an suprising ammount of deepness that rivals the god-game-richness of classics like civilistaion or populus. The wiki helps alot to understand all the mechanics if youre lost:http://wiki.reusgame.com/index.php?title=Main_PageOverall this is a very solid and fun game, that will give you way more than you probably expected from it. - You should play Reus!"
,Recommended,222730,9418958,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,kekmet,"Goats and amethysts.No.Blueberries and frogs.No?What do you little bobbleheads want from me?Reus is a resource management god-sim that has you taking on the role of the planet itself, controlling four powerful giants that carry out your will and alter the landscape to your whim. You can create trees and animal life, grow entire plots of fertile swampland, and one of your giants can even punch veins of precious stones directly into the crust.All of this, to attract the ungrateful little bobbleheads known as man to build great cities upon your surface. The humans create many great works on their own- well, with your help. Your giants can directly influence whether or not they complete their projects (do you really want a mad scientist around? How about a sacrificial altar?) by altering the landscape further, creating new resources that meet the goals of these projects. The more you complete, the more varying projects and resources you unlock, and thus the rabbit hole goes deeper. You can even unlock longer game-times as well, allowing more time to create and build, and allowing more time for the humans to try and rise up against you and your giants.They do go to war with each other. And they'll attack your god titans too, which is a curious choice. Your giants can slaughter them back, as any good vengeful potential goddess will be happy to know.The game can get quite complicated as you go on, however, the title screen provides a link to the Reus wiki, which will give a lot of ideas and help.The graphics themselves are cartoony and relatively simple looking, but always bright and interesting to look at. The game is on a 2D scale, all around the surface of the planet. Your giants traverse the outside of the planet as well, so some of your time will be spent waiting for the big lugs to get to where they're going, but since their abilities have cool-down meters, that isn't too much of a problem. The soundtrack is rather limited, though, so have some of your own music handy for the longer games.Overall, Reus is a well-designed god game. It'll start off just slow enough to get you hooked, and keep you in for the long haul as you look to see what you can accomplish next."
,Recommended,222730,7331819,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Paikia,"""Hmmm... another city / colony / civilization management simulator..."" - this was the first thought about Reus. Well, that thought turned out to be wrong.While the game might look simplistic, childish or even shallow, because of the colorful visuals and the concept of giants ruling the world, I promise you - this is not the case. Being a Civilization series veteran, I'm used to deep and complex games. While Reus might not compare with Civilization 5 or other games on that subject, it definitely provides a sophisticated enough mechanism to keep me interested, at least so far. I've been playing for 4-5 hours by now, and I feel like I still have a long way to go before I really learn the game mechanics and master it.To bottom line this - if you like the genre, get this game. It's well worth it, even at full price ($10).Update (18 hours total) - this game turned out to be one hell of a pleasant surprise! I'm having a lot of fun with the progression mechanism.I now have a much better perspective and understanding of the game, so I can give much more information. Skip to the end for a short bottom line, if you don't feel like reading all that text.The idea in the game is to contribute to the developement of the colonies by supplying resources and improvements, mainly plants, animals and minerals of different sorts. But in order to unlock the better, more advanced resources and improvements (called ""aspects"" ingame), you must explore and use the more basic options, or you can't progress and reach the advanced stuff. Needless to say, I guess, that the more advanced your giants are, the bigger and more prosperous colonies they can sustain, support and control. ...yes, control. Sometimes a colony gets greedy and arrogant and attacks your giants, and needs a good kick in the♥♥♥♥♥ In some cases it's even necessary to destroy a colony, if it looks hopeless.Also, the humans in the colonies will try and develope projects of different sorts, and you're supposed to help them meet the required criteria (if you want that project to succeed). The trick is to choose the optimal combination of resources to supply to the colony, factoring in the resource's position, its level, and the level of synergy it might or might not have with other resources nearby, plus the project's criteria, of course. So far, most projects need specific amounts of either food, wealth or technology or any combination of them. Some projects, though, will also require one or more unusual conditions, such as winning a war with another colony or having another colony completely destroyed (either by going to war or by ""divine intervention"").There are more aspects to the game, some of which I don't fully understand myself yet, but I promise to update if I feel l learn something important enough. For one, you have time limits, both for the ""Era"" type of game (what I've been playing so far) and for the projects. Obviously, it complicates things.Anyway, to summarize this update - this game is way more complex and rewarding than it seems, or at least more than it seemed to me at first. If you like strategy and colony management, get it, definitely worth it!Update (October 29, 2013, 40+ hours): This game is now officially one of my favorite games ever! It has a nearly perfect balance - it's complex and deep, so you don't get bored too soon, yet it's relatively easy to get into and learn, so there's no need to spend too much time learning the game and its mecahnics - it's fun straight from the beggining!I'd say this game is a perfect introduction to the colony management genre, much more begginer-friendly than Civilization 5, for example, which is an awesome game, possibly my #1 favorite of all time, but has a pretty steep learning curve.I really hope Reus generates enough profit and PR buzz to justify a sequel. I'd hate for such a great game to stay a lone shining gem, all by itself. :)"
76561198000681758,Recommended,222730,32185623,Posted: 4 June,all,Kagedtiger,"This is one of my favorite games, and definitely worth your time. Reus is essentially an inside-out RTS: instead of harvesting resources to create buildings and units, you're in charge of placing resources so the buildings and units create themselves. It's a challenging and engaging single-player experience with a really nice difficulty ramp-up as your increasing skills unlock new resources for later games. Great if you're a fan of RTS games or survival sim games like Banished."
,Recommended,222730,7764923,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Nateo,"Best game i've never heard of before buying.A charming and addictive god-game, has a lot of depth beneath its simple gameplay. Game times are divided into 30/60/120 minute segments, each with their own achievements to unlock. Achievements actually do something in this game, each comes with a resource that you can use in-game after unlocking and actually makes for some very addictive gameplay hunting down the achievements.Has a lot more potential as well, sadly updates are rather sparse. Hoping for a sequel."
,Recommended,222730,2390452,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,greywolf00,"Saw this during the Steam Sale and said ""WTF is this."" Rolled the dice and was massively impressed. Basically, you play the part of the planet. You're totally barren and unable to sustain life. You control 4 different giants who all have different abilities. Your goal is to make the world liveable and grow the cities as big as you can (racking up the city and world score). Every city will produce a semi random special work with certain requirements. Upon completion, you get an ambassador to upgrade your giants skills/unlock new abilities. This is the real key to the game as higher level project require much more resources which cannot be obtained without upgrading resources (which start out locked and are unlocked by completing various achievements).The challenge kicks in late in the game from the greed mechanic. When a city has more than 20 of any unused resource (threshold can be raised/lowered by various things like projects, awe, and danger) they gain greed. Too much greed and they'll start attacking other cities and even your giants. Late game they will start work on projects that give cities up to 500 unused resources (bigger gap faster greed accumulation). Losing a city can massively set back your score and cost you valuable achievements. The game is a balancing act of managing multiple cities and their needs while striving for ambassadors without letting the humans kill each other.My one complaint comes from the 2 hour game mode (needed to unlock a lot of the high end achievements/resources). If you're really striving for absurd scores to get the best resources unlocked quickly, you spend a ton of time pausing and issuing orders to ensure you're maximizing building in the time limit. I honestly found 2 hour games far less fun than the 30 & 60 min game modes.TL;DR - Simple idea, complex planning. Kind of a mix of a god game and a puzzler. Need to have a plan to ""level"" your giants and build the world to maximize your score. Very good game."
,Recommended,222730,17903084,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Warm & addictive // Recommended for casual gamers+ Interesting concept that feels fresh due to the inclusion of decidedly novel elements+ There are four giants to work with, all with a selection of abilitites, many of which must be unlocked during a given playthrough+ Player can create biomes and populate them with resources and life; feels rewarding to watch life grow+ Healthy selection of resources available to seed+ Human populations need to be managed carefully; too many resources make them greedy, whereas too few will hinder or halt population growth+ Close-up, visuals are detailed and aesthetically pleasing+ User intervace is straight-forward and intuitive; information is therefore easy to find and access+ Vast amount of unlockable projects, etc; this serves to enhance gameplay as one continutes to play, building off of earlier successes+ Synergy is a welcome challenge to effectively manage, often requiring constant adjustments+ Tutorial is excellent- Soundtrack suffers from lack of variety, and will replay frequently- No control over which projects are started- Giants move slowly, and time cannot be advanced (only paused)- There is a crippling lack of game-mode variety or customizationLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,222730,8451136,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Stoffel,"Alright, I'm seventeen hours into this game and have half the achievements in the bag, so for $2.50 (steam sale price) this was unquestionably worth it.Is it a God game? Civ building? Puzzler? RTS? It's hard to categorize the game. Briefly, you command 4 giants clockwise and counter- around a flat ""globe"", creating features such as animals, minerals or vegetables in segments or terraforming into mountains/deserts, oceans, swamps or forests. Villagers move in. They'll randomly decide on ""projects"" which you complete by having your giants create resources in the village. But take care -- if the villagers grow too fast they get greedy, and either attack other villages or even the giants themselves!Games are timed, and you're given rudimentary tools to start. You can't do everything that's possible in the game without ""unlocks"": achieving some goals each game. This may turn some off but it really works on multiple levels: limits the complexity to start and gives you different goals for each game so that you won't want to find the One Winning Strategy. 60 to 120 minutes is a big time sink (especially if you're pausing), but you can knock out a half dozen ""unlocks"" in a given game, especially at the beginning.In a game where everything works together well, it only makes sense that the core mechanism of the game is ""symbiosis"". Some features work better next to others (e.g., bonus food for having this animal near this plant), and then you can embue features with different aspects and then transmute them into higher-level items which likely have different symbioses. This is crucial because there's simply not enough land within the border of each village to accomplish the goals as they get harder and harder.And I didn't even mention ambassadors. Or having to have your giants ""put down"" advancing armies (or let them through -- Hammerville was looking a little snobby).Really, everything in this game works together so well, and it's very unique. Definitely buy this if you like puzzle or sim games."
,Recommended,222730,14170555,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,The Stig,"To sum Reus up in a few lines:1 - You start off with a clean world, create habitats and life. Nice!2 - People start settling, you grant those people what they need. Noone is complaining!3 - Everyone is happy and loves you. This should be easy now...4 - Different peoples start to have different objectives. Tough, but doable.5 - Villages start to attack each other. Hey, stop that!6 - A massive avalanche of goals and deadlines start to overcome you and7 - OH GOD WHY THE HELL DO YOU GUYS KEEP ATTACKING THOSE HALF-WITTED FISHERMEN WHO THE HECK TAUGHT YOU THIS BULLSH*T AND WHY IS THAT GUY NOT RESPONDING TO8 - You start off with a clean world..."
,Not Recommended,222730,8446603,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jack Nimble,"It's like driving a long road trip; just involving enough to need your focus, but only just. Ultimately the depth of strategy is a bit too shallow for me, and the focus on slow grinding (you'll need a full 60 minute round or more to get some incremental progression) makes it too frustrating for me to play. There are certainly good parts: I like the art style, the concept and interaction of different parts of the ecosystem. But it's ultimately too slow and repetitive for me to enjoy."
,Not Recommended,222730,14173646,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,HENGZILLA,"Reus has a cute, endearing art style that really works and brings the game together into a cohesive whole. The problem is that that cohesive whole is more of a morsel than a full meal. Gameplay purely comes down to optimizing a very small set of tiles while managing a similarly small set of values, and that truly boils down to a lot of tedious testing which feels more like work than fun. Or you could just go search the wiki for optimal builds, because ultimately, memorizing what building goes with what other building is your end goal. Once you know that, the game is over, and that just isn't enough depth to persuade me to choose it over the myriad of other strategy titles.Abbey Games was really onto something with Reus. I see the potential, but somewhere along the way, they took a wrong turn. I really wanted to like this game -- and I did enjoy the art style -- but the gameplay truly fell short. And what is a game without good gameplay?"
,Recommended,222730,11878239,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Rawrrawrshebear,"I love this game. But--full disclosure--the strategy genre is almost exclusively where I spend my gaming hours. The remaining time is usually allocated to sandbox games, and Reus sort of falls into both these categories.While definitely not anopen worldgame by any stretch of the imagination [the world is literally a closed ring], Reus follows the sandbox/god game pattern of affecting the world in a way similar to an artist painting a portrait. Using the proper tools (the Giants and their abilities), you masterfully paint your world on the blank canvas that is the earth. Unlike the artist, however, your creations are living beings!The ExperienceFor the most part, you play the game by ordering your four Giants to either place resources, augment existing resources, terraform/terramorph the planet, or attack an area. This basic premise is compelling, and the art style is rather charming. However, once you start to really dig in to Reus, its weaknesses start to come to the surface.At a macro level, the only real issue with the game is its repetitiveness; a trait which is no stranger to the genre, and Reus certainly doesn't aim to change that. You're literally starting from the same place every time you play [an empty planet], with little deviation in your opening choices from game to game. This weakness is something of a non-issue to genre fans, of course. Just be aware that if you struggle to enjoy city/empire-building strategy games like Civilization V, for instance, you're not likely to be won over by Reus.The MechanicsMore specific to the gameplay: the aspect of Reus that makes it compelling happens to also be its biggest drawback. Reus retains replay value in two major ways: randomness/chance and unlocks [achievements]. The random aspect is the aforementioned double-edged sword: your villages grow by completing projects, which are chosen from a pool of potential projects (depending on terrain, etc.), which each have a randomly-chosen resource perk, which in turn dictates how you should build moving forward.This RNG is obviously intended to keep the game fresh, however it is often at odds with the direction your unlocks want you to follow (especially once you're down to your last handful). The game requires a lot of pre-planning (prepare to spenda lotof time reading the wiki), but then forces you to rely very heavily on what are essentially a series of dice rolls to line up perfectly. If you're averse to save scumming, you're gonna have a bad time.The game engine also has minor goofs from time to time [no surprise, it's an indie game!]. Such as: a village spiking from 1 greed [high levels of greed are obtained by growing too fast and determine how aggressive villagers are] to attacking their neighbors just by loading savegame. These events seem to be rare, however.Conclusion TL;DRIf you enjoy the planning aspect of strategy games, and don't mind a lot of waiting [as resources build and for projects to start/finish], Reus is will reward you with hours upon hours of relaxing cognition.Seriously. Reus can give Civilization a run for its money with all the pausing and tabbing out you do in a 120-minute game."
,Recommended,222730,8237970,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Minitrue,"PLAY THIS - if you like puzzles, achievement and level unlocks, building and planning thingsDON'T PLAY THIS - if you are looking for a God game with the usual fanfare of fancy spells and conflictOVERALL - Recommended, assuming you like a bit of a development puzzle. Solid game, best played casually once in a while, interesting alternative take on what a God Game is.At first glance you might be forgiven for thinking Reus is a god game. And at the start, in a very simple way - it is. But that's not what Reus is about - Reus more than anything is a puzzle development game, which just so happens to have god like giants striding around carrying out your latest puzzle solving commands.You can probably stop reading here and decide whether you like progressive puzzles that require repeated plays to figure out. If you don't you can skip Reus. If you do, or at least you really like at least the theme of a God Game that's actually a puzzle game...The first couple of hours of Reus will get you familiar with moving your guys around, creating the land types - and what kind of variations you can get up to, and most importantly of all will introduce you to the main element of the game - puzzling out the transformations of one resource type into another.At this point you might leave the game alone. A light game. Couple of hours of play. I get it.But, if you're the type of player that likes to build things that will see you progressing and unlocking new capabilities and achievements, that enjoys trying to optimise and plan a better setup, then Reus could lock you up for countless hours.As Reus progresses your virtual world dwellers will demand ever increasingly impressive buildings to be built for them - and your job is to supply the required number of resources to do that. But resources are not just a simple task of sticking down a mine here and an animal there. In Reus there are dozens of resources - and most of them can only be utilised in a not so easy to navigate upgrade tree.What you can build depends on how many successful projects you have built in the world - and therefore the upgrades your giants have in order to place ever better resources and upgrades, and also how far through the game you have progressed. Most of the upgrades and buildings will simply be unavailable to the starting player, and the game will need repeated plays for you to unlock achievements and unlock those better resources. It will often be the case that you will be able to progress so far - and then no more, as your paltry set of resources just don't have enough clout to cater to the demands of your meeples.Reus has a lot of depth to it. The sheer number of resources available and their unique synergies with other things around them gives a huge amount of variation in effect. And this gives rise to a fairly interesting laid back game that comes down to puzzling out the best placement and interaction of what's available to you. But it takes time. Reus is going to eke out what it lets you play with so that you need to play it over and over again. As each unlock opens up new capabilities so you will be able to push the envelope and release a new set of unlocks and so on. As the depth of your unlocks increases so too does the time required to get your civilisations up to the point where they can start utilising them.Nice progressive game mechanic, or cynical attempt at lengthening game replayability of an otherwise much shorter game ?Overall Reus is worth playing, it's a solid game and has some nice depth to it - just how long you will be playing for depends on you temperament."
76561198084491244,Not Recommended,222730,14852975,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Monostatos,"This game isn't that bad, it's just that after a several games, if you want to progress you need to learn by heart every type of building, power, etc. and their interactions. It's frustrating since at some point you need to be a total expert of the game if you want to ever have fun again. That's too much effort for me."
76561198093078973,Not Recommended,222730,32664061,Posted: 22 June,all,dasanayaka,"I want to like this game, but I can't give it a thumbs up(I see that it's $2 during the 2017 Steam Summer sale - get it if you're thinking about it, it's worth that much!)ProsI like Civilization (though after a single victory I get bored and stop playing for months), and I like the idea of building a world and managing it - as a god, no less. I really like the concept of playing as a god and putting in the effort to build a beautiful and bountiful world that attracts more and more settlers, only to have them advance in technology and you must watch yourself subside into a rumor, a legend, a myth - or issue your wrath upon those you've tried to grow and protect. It's such an interesting catch-22.I enjoy the aesthetics of this game, and I have no issues with the controls or mechanics.ConsIt's just...boring. I want to like the game so much that I'm thinking maybe I'm just missing something. It seems tedious to put in so much work, and the end result is unclear. I'm guessing that I just need a storyline, or more of a clear way to ""win"", such as making it to a certain technology (victories like Civ provides).If you want an open-ended playground where you get to be a god, then by all means try it."
,Recommended,222730,8998479,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Mr. Needful,"I was going to hold off writing this review until I had more time in the game, but I woke up this morning confused as to why everything wasn't labled with their resource value, so I guess you can say it's made an impression.  Theoretically, Reus is very similar to most civ-strategy games. Resource management is the core mechanic, upgrades are vitally important for continued advancement, great works will occupy a lot of your energy, and warfare is an ever-looming danger. What sets Reus apart is that you're not trying to make one civilization the best in the world; instead, you ARE the world, and you're trying to make ALL civilization succeed.You exert your will via four semi-elemental Giants - titans, really - each with unique but related powers that alter the landscape of your surface. Humans will automatically settle and then try to form a civilization depending on what resources you give them. You then care for your babies, give them what they need, what they want, and watch as they thrive. But be careful not to give them too much, or they'll grow greedy and war-like; at this point, you either sit back and watch them form an empire, or take action and smite their army - or the entire town.The game's replay value comes largely from its slew of challenges, which largely boil down to ""Be this successful with these limitations."" The only way to complete these challenges is by repeatedly playing the game until you understand how resources interact with each other - called Symbiosis because, you know, nature - so that you can maximize resource output with minimal combinations. Completing these challenges unlocks further Transmutations (resource upgrades) that then make it possible to complete even more challenges. So yes, the achievements actually mean something, which means that every time you play, you have to play differently. So if the game gets boring, well, that's your problem."
,Recommended,222730,31920020,Posted: 23 May,all,Igzorn,"TL;DR: Easy to play, hard to master (and/or remember all Combos^^). Great for Achievement-Hunters and Fans of the genre!Very chill game! ... until everything becomes too big and conflicts each other!OverviewReus is a god game where you cultivate a planet and help the indigenous tribes to build and improve their villages. You control the four giants, which can create water, mountain, forest and swamp areas. Into these areas, they can put animals, plants and minerals. These resources differ depending on their surrounding area type. Furthermore, you can bless and improve these tiles to get boni from interactions between tiles. And on top of that settles a tribe that tells you what it needs and that offers you challenges to get unique boni (i.e. ""reach 50 wealth""). By doing that, you unlock ambassadors, which can be placed on your giants to unlock new or better abilities. You can pause the game anytime and look around to plan ahead. It's really easy to start and understand, but as it carries on, the game offers a suprising depth by showering you with so many combinations!HandlingYou can do everything just with your mouse if you feel like snacking etc., but you can also use the keyboard to make the whole affair much more efficient.PresentationYou get exactly what you see in the videos and pictures above. The graphics are cute and the planet seems vivid due to its inhabitants derping around and doing stuff. The game is underlayed with soft background music, which was very soothing.LengthIf I recall correctly, you first have to unlock different modi. Then you can chose between 30, 60 and 120 minute era games, free play, or to start in the 1st, 2nd or 3rd era. I'd say for me, one hour was the average sitting at first, and then I started to try to reach higher challenge goals. In my 14h of total playtime, I unlocked roughly 43% of the challenges (achievements), which offer you a nice to keep playing and improving your skills or rather your knowlegde.ConclusionA very enjoyable game if you're into the genre. I'd say it's also beginner friendly, as you don't have to learn much early on in order to be succesful. I liked the aspect that you're not fully in control of the people, which makes for a greater challenge. And if a village settles in the ""wrong"" zone, you can always snuff them out with the rock giant's handy earthquake ability. =PGreat for achievement hunters and worth the full price, so definitely get it when it's on sale!And if you've come this far:Thank you for reading!  <3"
76561198044571814,Not Recommended,222730,23413404,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Tahu!,"This was a very pretty looking game, and by the videos and screenshots alone, I had figured perhaps it would be a fun little sim game! But.. it's actually just a lot of min-maxing, crunching numbers by placing specific resources down in a particular way to gain maximum efficiency. The game quickly turns into a numbers game, which simply is not my cup of tea.I do not have enough hours to say if the game truly picks up the pace, but from what I have played, it's -very- slow paced.Buy it on sale, and definitely look up some video reviews or gameplay before you decide if this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,222730,29717835,Posted: 5 February,all,yzuniversal,"PartBlack & White, partDoodle God, partTriple Town.Reusis a game I've wanted to play for a long time but now that I've gotten to know it better, I can't help but be disappointed.You see, the planet awoke from its sleep and saw that everything on its surface was dead. So it sent the Giants to make it habitable, and not long after, little creatures called men appeared. The Giants tried hard to help humanity develop, but the harder they tried, the greedier the people became. And so it went until the mission timer run out and the planet went to sleep again.InReus, you control the four Giants, your avatars in this world. Through them, you terraform the earth, place different resources to attract the humans, and then make sure that they have everything they need. The last part involves upgrading resources and placing them in such a way as to make use of their special properties and synergies. In return for your help, humans will offer ""ambassadors"", who grant your Giants new powers. But if you let any village grow too fast, it will accumulate greed. Greedy villages will start waging war on other humans, and eventually will even turn on the Giants. Then, assuming they haven't grown too powerful yet, you need to punish or even completely destroy them.This all probably sounds great. In particular, the idea of having to maintain a balance between growth and peace is fairly interesting. Unfortunately, the game is actually rather shallow. Terraforming, for instance, is limited to making a mountain (which will, in turn, create a desert) or a sea (which will create a ""wet wasteland"" that you can turn into a forest or swamp area). Notice I said ""a"" mountain... You don't really get the ability to freely change the shape of the planet; instead, your actions are sort of symbolic.Even the ""balance"" idea is not really as fleshed out as I wished. Essentially, you can only grow any given village in little steps. If you add too many minerals at once, for instance, or ones that are too ""powerful"", the greed will start accumulating. You can combat this in a couple ways, and it's not a terrible mechanic (though it is somewhat annoying at times), but it doesn't really reach the potential I thought it would; for instance, interactions between the villages matter little, there's also no ""civilization vs nature"" conflict you might expect. Perhaps I hyped myself too much.The worst example of the game's shallowness is actually the most core of its gameplay mechanics — exploiting the many different resources. In order to efficiently use resources, you need to place them in certain ways: for example, placing an animal next to some particular mine will give a bonus to that mine. But the animal itself may want a plant next to it. Of course, you will quickly find out that basic resources are really weak and so you will start ""transmuting"" them. Unfortunately, you don't know what the new type will do, other than from a very short description in-game — or your memory — and the effects and interactions are not really that intuitive.It turns out that rather than strategy, whatReusrequires is trivia knowledge. Pretty soon you'll be checking the wiki to get a quick reference or plan your moves — in fact, the game links to its wiki from the main menu. But if your core gameplay revolves around something that can or even should be done through referencing a wiki, and there's little thinking otherwise, then something's wrong.That's not to say that becauseReusis shallow, it doesn't have a lot of content or good ideas. It does actually allow you to use different strategies or playing styles, mostly through deciding what you want your Giants to specialize in. Do you want to focus on animals or plants? Of course, getting the animals specialization may require a swamp village... And so on.There is a lot of different resources to use, too, with complicated ""evolution paths"" to get them. Most will be locked at the start of the game and will require fulfilling ""developments"" to get, which are essentially in-game achievements. (If the name ""developments"" seems somewhat awkward, well, the whole game is sort of like this, full of typos and weird turns of phrase.) I know some people dislike achievements in general but in this case, their use is great. In fact, I would say that their lack would pretty much break the game — I, personally, feel like I'd spend just a couple hours exploring the mechanics and quickly get bored. ""Developments"" provide you with goals to fulfill and different ideas for playthroughs, to motivate you to continue playing.The playthroughs themselves are interesting because of the limited time you have. You can actually specify whether you want a 30, 60 or 120-minute long ""match"". I felt this worked fantastically in the beginning, as I could have a quick, half-an-hour game whenever I felt like it. But eventually, you start needing that extra time to further develop your villages and fulfill more difficult ""developments"". It all starts to slug down then.It's hard for me to rateReusin terms of ""buy it""/""don't buy it"". I spent some considerable time playing it and don't really regret it. At the same time, it was underwhelming. The premise is great, yet the execution very shallow. It has good music but the graphics I didn't really like, and overall the game feels and looks kind of like a Flash game. Perhaps it could have been made better through the inclusion of some co-op multiplayer mode — it really feels like it should be there. But as long as the gameplay relies on you remembering odd transmutations, it doesn't really offer the sort of depth I was expecting.In the end, I can't really recommend you getReusunless you feel that the mechanics I described here are something you'd really enjoy. But to be fair, if there was a neutral grade for Steam reviews, that's whatReuswould get. It's not bad, just underwhelming."
,Not Recommended,222730,8470614,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,retardigraded,"Overall, I suppose it's not a *bad* game.  However, I find that in the late game, you end up spending more time keeping your citizens from from killing you or themselves rather than trying to reach your overall objective.  I realize that is part of the game mechanics, but one minute of inattention can quickly ruin all your hard work.  A greedy/warlike city can easily kill your giants or another prosperous village, which gets very frustrating.  Also, it seems to hog a lot of resources for what appears to be a simple game...In short, I suggest finding a better title, and only getting this game if it's very cheap."
,Recommended,222730,8151427,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MAiLBoX,Much more involved than I first expected. This game is much more than building a planet; it is about helping a planet thrive in hundreds of possible ways... Would recomend 9/10.
,Not Recommended,222730,7868959,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,IDT|Lexxy,"Picked this game up during the fall sale 2013 since the art style looked interesting and I enjoy the god-game genre. It didn't take long to discover that this game is clearly not for me - this game involves growing numbers to certain values to proceed to the next stage by placing tiles (e.g. food, science, gold) with absolutely nothing for the player to do in the meantime - a problem magnified by the lack of simple time acceleration controls. Optimizing the aquisition of these values involve placing the tiles in the correct order, making each run a predictable excerise in mathematics. The villages/villagers are a simple repeating animation, there is no simulation here. I do think this game has a place with a younger audience, otherwise, make sure you play a demonstration first."
,Recommended,222730,8120005,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,rayman86,"As far as god games go, this game is QUITE different than the status quo.  You work to unlock upgrades to existing items - you will unlock some based on things you create, and some on achievements you get.  As the people develop, you can unlock different plants, animals, and minerals to use.  Every game is different - you upgrade your giants in different ways to unlock different powerups, placable levels, and special abilities.I spent so many hours trying to figure out what combinations work well together.  If you like figuring things out, and retrying different combinations, you will love this game.  Tons of achievements to be had, and you work for every upgrade you get!  Only thing that is annoying is the fact that you have to wait to unlock longer ""eras"" where you get to play for longer in a game.  But that unlocks quick enough."
76561198037731006,Recommended,222730,32410330,Posted: 14 June,all,Bomber-Catfish,"Review summary: ""A game so good I forgot I've been smoking for 13 years until I stopped playing. Available on Steam. Buy it now""Great game, lots of fun things to do, mainly achievement focused at some point but even if I'm not big on achievement hunting, most of those are things I was planning to do anyway, just for fun.So yeah, thing is, art is cute, animation too, once you get the hang of it it's getting even better, and it makes you forget the time so much than even if you've been smoking around 12 times a day for 13 years, well it doesn't matter, you just don't feel the need.I know, I should seize the occasion to quit, sheesh... forget about my bad habit and start playing will you?"
,Recommended,222730,12167402,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Atratzu,"-Quick Review-Reus is a simulation strategy game that allows you to control four giants to create a whole world. You can choose between swamps, deserts, mountains, oceans and forests. As you create your world humans will build cities, will you help the humans achieve a utopia... or you can smash them... they probably reserved it.-Detailed breakdown review-Story:Has anyone seen this ever watched the old cartoon ""The Iron Giant""? (Warner bros, 1999) This game is nothing like that movie. I just wanted to see if there's anyone else that remembers that film. Actually all that's similar is the giant aspect.I don't think there is a single word spoken throughout the game, the game starts out by teaching you how to use the various giants. and explains how to shape the world around you. When I started I felt very overwhelmed about how much I had to learn, don't worry about learning it all right away, you'll have plenty of time to slowly get used to the concepts in the game as you progress.As you play you unlock new animals/fruit/plants and longer world lengths. As you progress you need to accomplish various different goals, this give the game a sense of direction to keep trying to get better, and experience different things.Game Play:You only control 4 giants, you select various abilities and tell them where to build and what to build. When the humans show up you try to help them and keep their development very balanced so that they don't have more than their neighbors and try to prevent wars... unless you want wars, then go ahead and give one city all the things and watch the humans become greedier then Ebenezer Scrooge.the game controls are simple, you can play the game with just clicking, but I try to get used to the hot keys for faster response time. the giant also need to move to the selected location before it can build or destroy anything, this does limit how fast you can create on your world.Achievements:The achievements in Reus are tied directly with achievements in game, and these achievements, when earned, unlock various new animals/fruit/plants to add to your world. This makes getting achievements actually mean something, other then aesthetics and a good pat on the back.Price:Reus costs $9.99, I've put in 11 hours so far, this game is by far worth it's price. I did buy the game over the steam summer sale, but even at full price that's pretty good quality.Conclusion:I strongly recommend the game to anyone who likes strategy games, again the game has some fun things to unlock, and various ways to play through it to unlock more the controls are simple, the strategy is engaging, and I just enjoyed playing this game, and will continue playing because I still haven't played through without getting at least one new thing unlocked.------Edits and updates------Edit/Update April 05, 2015: fixed a few spelling errors, and concluded you can just smash the puny humans instead of caring about their greed."
,Recommended,222730,12769518,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,V,"It's like an RTS, except that it's not. Feels more like a great implementation of a non-existant euro-style board game. It's a match-3 game, except it's not. It's addictive, because there's always something new to do and the animations are fun and rewarding. When you zoom out, you really feel like you're creating a pocket world. It's humbling, because it keeps telling you that each era comes and goes, and you (the planet) slumber every now and then, waiting for life to spark up again, somewhere."
76561198042084942,Not Recommended,222730,16502367,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Magnemania,"Reus is a puzzle game about placing objects in a line to create synergies, providing resources for towns.  It is not a strategy game, and it is not quite a god game; it is a puzzle game.  The major flaw seems to be that every action needs to be premeditated; if you don't keep track of every single item that the giants can create (and in what contexts the item can exist), you can't create enough resources for the towns to progress.  The game seems to be best played with a piece of paper detailing all the important synergies in order to be able to place the very few successful combinations that can get you to advance.  Without an incredible supply of patience and a taste for puzzle games, the game simply isn't all that enjoyable."
,Recommended,222730,9013600,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Jinjo,"Reus, the Dutch word for giant. What an appropriate name for a game with such scale. At first glance Abbey Games’ Reus may not look like much, a simple god game with a lack of depth and strategy. But with further examination there is more to Reus than meets the eye. If you can get past the slow start of tutorials there is a surprising amount to learn and discover.In Reus you are the planet and control 4 giants, the Forest Giant who can create the forest biome as well as basic plant life. The Swamp Giant who can create the swamp biome as well as animals and plants. The Ocean Giant who creates the ocean biome allowing the planet’s soil to support forests and swamps and the Rock Giant who creates the desert biome and raises mountains as well as minerals from the earth’s surface. All these giants are used together to create increasingly advanced forms of life as you progress through the game.Creating life attracts humans; humans will create villages on your planet in the varying environments provided. These villages will start out as simple towns, but can grow into prospering cities when the right resources have been expanded and advanced. Villages will construct projects requiring certain amounts of food, wealth and technology from resources to be completed. Once completed ambassadors will be asked to join your giants, unlocking new abilities and resources. Reus features many different mechanics including a greed system that can lead to wars with other villages and eventually the giants themselves. Reus is best played when the player is left to discover the game by themselves so I won’t spoil anymore and really, there is too much for me to get into detail about everything.The way you progress through Reus is rather interesting, and for me the most engaging part of the experience. Progression through the game is made by the collection of achievements, the game is on a timer and when you first start you are given 30 minutes to evolve your planet and complete the goals required to earn achievements. Earn enough and longer time periods are granted.  Achievements also unlock greater and more powerful plants, minerals and animal life so it is certainly necessary, and satisfying to collect them all.Your level of enjoyment in Reus will be determined by the kind of player you are. For me, Reus really engaged me, and immersed me in its world. It had my interest right from the start and that interest continued to grow as I discovered everything the game had to offer. However, I am the kind of player who loves to collect things, loves to level up my character until it reaches maximum rank. If activities such as achievement collecting or world building does not interest you your opinion on Reus may vary, but even so I have to recommend Reus to everyone. Even if it doesn’t seem like the kind of game you would enjoy I strongly suggest that you give Reus a shot. You could end up having a great time of gigantic proportions!"
76561198133628702,Recommended,222730,32043621,Posted: 29 May,all,Perfice,Interesting game but most of what people say negative about it is true. It's good if you're looking for a Civilization Lite but you also need to learn the perfect combinations to really get far. I was looking for a casual game to play during weekdays but the fact that I have to figure out the ultimate combinations to do very well kind of killed it. After playing this awhile I remembered I had Civilization V and went to play that instead. All-in-all it's not really a bad game if you're looking for a mini civilization simulation game.3/5
76561198068648180,Recommended,222730,17974933,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Master of Suicide™,"The game is realy unique and that counts for a lot.Style could be little be more detailed but is charming as it is.Overall sound is nice and likeable.Sadly this game has two problems:1. If you are not a patient person the giants´s movment speedwill make you cry.2. Maybe its just my own incompetents thats in the way, butwitout guides and the realy good wiki page I dont get far.I enyojed the game, even if i got not very far ^^7/10"
76561198049078796,Recommended,222730,22914358,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap,"I stopped playing this game for awhile, something like two or three years. I'd almost forgotten that I had it, but I saw it in my library, instantly thought 'Oh yeah, that's that game that I can just sit down and play for hours and hours on end.' If you're on the fence about playing this game, try it. It's a completely unique experience, and I can't really say there are many games I've played or really seen that offer anything exactly like it.10/10 good game"
,Recommended,222730,27048502,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nobuyuki Sanada,"Reus is just another Indie game. This game will give you a planet with four giants (Forest, Desert, Swamp, and Water) to create life on it. The giants help human to build their village and resources, like fruits, herbs, mine, and animals. Nomad will move to your village as soon as more resources are available. You as a ""God"" of the planet should take care of them. The villager can be greedy because they want more than expected.You are limited to 30 minutes to play the game for the first time. Then, the playing time changes to 60 minutes and 120 minutes. You will be given a challenge for each playing session. When a challenge is completed, the achievement will be unlocked. Some challenges are easy but others are not. Anyway, you can also play tutorial.Speaking of game features, this game has nice 2D graphic that you can zoom in-out to see the details. I like their art styles. Keyboard and mouse are supported. I recommend to use both when you're playing the game because there is keyboard shortcut. Keyboard shortcut helps you to choose a giant easily. By the way, Reus is available on Linux. If you are a Linux gamer, this game may be your next wishlist.So, I would recommend this game.Note: the store page of this game doesn't tell if the game is available on Linux. I have played this game for more than 40 hours. It runs flawlessly on Linux."
76561198093384850,Recommended,222730,8099321,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,lonewolf,"reus is a fun game and well worth the price. in reus you take control of 4 giants and shape the planet whatever way you want to. it is a great game to play if you have 30minutes or a hour to spare, it can be a challenge to work out what combination are needed to activate certain things but that is probably half the fun of the game experimenting and seeing what works and what doesnt. there are 4 differnt types of villages/cities to create each unqiuely different and each with it,s own specality at producing resources, reus is colorfull charming and should be in every steam owners game libary."
,Not Recommended,222730,29995633,Posted: 17 February,all,antlee53,"The first few go arounds are alright as you discover what each god can do, but after a while it simply becomes trying different combination of powers and it's all a bit tedious. There's no real incentive to keep playing except for fulfilling achievements for achievements sake."
,Not Recommended,222730,12793911,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,canadaehhonhonhon69,"I do not reccomend Reus. While it is a cool concept for a game, the game quickly grows stale and boring quickly, and after playing it once or twice, I found myself not picking it back up, instead opting for other games. I thought on it, and decided this was because of how restricted it was, it allowed you to puppet everything, but didn't allow you any actual power over many things in the game, it felt more like a game of watching rather than doing. It earns a 5/10. Stale and boring."
,Recommended,222730,33584177,Posted: 16 July,all,RatCatcher,"First of all don't believe in comments from people who played this game less than 10 hours as they could not realize what is the major issue of the product. The problem is that at first glance one cannot see complexity of the game design and possibilities that will open over time. Hiding game capabilities behind a playwall makes wrong impression on most players but it was wise decision from developers as over time players might learn numerous relations and synergies between game objects. It is not quickly paced - quickly consumed product as it requires some mature patience and anticipation.I thought to buy a game which can be played by my son and actually it is playable by kids who can't yet read not mentioning the language barrier. Minors might have fun just by shaping the planet and observing human settlements, and reactions to their decisions. There is little violence when one village attacks another but it is easy to explain and discuss with kids as little as 5. For adults it is a relaxing God-strategy game with puzzle approach."
,Recommended,222730,31908571,Posted: 22 May,all,Ultrazaero,"Very fun, casual game. Don't underestimate the mechanics though!Get it when you can, it's worth it!"
76561197961345929,Recommended,222730,23710377,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,I love corn flakes,"A really fun god game :) Pretty different from the old Black & White and Godus. Some say it's not deep, and I'd answer it has actually quite a lot of subtleties. You have to optimize your (little) space available to produce as much resources as possible, by using various symbiosis effects... And at the same time, you have to manage your towns so they don't massacre each other. Or maybe you want them to massacre each other? It can have benefits.I also found its art style, music, and gameplay insanely relaxing. Overall, a pretty good game. Not game of the century, but it will definitely be very nice and relaxing for 10+ hours :)"
76561197997102992,Not Recommended,222730,9308001,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Nyxon,"Meh. I love god-games and city-builders, but Reus is far more of a memorization puzzle than a real strategic experience. That is, there's less that's strategic or tactical about it, and more questions of whether you can remember which exact combinations of resources create the exact resources you need (not a logical process at all - two strawberries, for instance, create awe. Strawberries.) Beautiful, yes, but the gameplay doesn't really grab you, and the unlocks offer little to excite."
76561197996978823,Recommended,222730,8230961,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jane_Denton,"I like this game, even though I kinda suck at it.  I'm slowly learning what everything means.  I play mostly RPG and FPS, so this is a departure from that style but a welcome change.What I like about it is the concept is unique, having the giants.  The Steam achievements actually help guide me with things to focus on to earn, and there are a ton of achievements.  The overall feel of the game is nice, and visually appealing.  It's easy to navigate, switching between buildings, giants, creating things, or just checking the stats or details on an object.There is plenty of detail about what everything means, and the relationships between them.  I've had zero issues with glitches of any kind, so to me it's a very stable game.It's a challenge to learn, but fun to learn it. There are plenty of helpful guides out there made by gamers, if you get stuck or are looking for alternate strategies like me."
,Recommended,222730,7892347,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sihar,"What an utterly charming game!  It certainly put me in mind of both Black & White and Populous, both games I loved once upon a time.  The graphics, while simplistic, are candy to the eye and suit the theme of the game perfectly.It's suprisingly complex; easy to learn, difficult to master.  The premise is simple on the surface: you're the planet and you've been slumbering in between eras and when you wake, you use the last of your energy to form four gods with different abilities to terraform your surface and make you live again.  As a byproduct of your nature gods' work, nomads choose to settle and form cities and you have to keep them happy via your gods so they don't go to war and decimate each other, and you.I quickly became obsessed with forming better and better cities within the limits of the planet and my gods' abilities.  Should you wish, you can play for 30 minutes at a time, with longer time limits becoming unlocked as you earn achievements, or you can play sandbox-style once your time is up.  It's fantastic for those times you want to actually relax with a game instead of tensing up on the edge of your chair, screaming obscenities at pixels (which I do quite regularly as well).  It's a perfect gem of a game and I wish I'd known about it sooner."
,Recommended,222730,23493661,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,andrebads,"Basically an awsome, interesting, fun game that was utterly abandoned by its developers to a handful of devoted players who now beg for updates and attention. Ideal if you sometimes need a single-player game that won't let you down.I give it a strong 7/10"
76561198000692879,Recommended,222730,31888414,Posted: 21 May,all,lootsorrow,Really fun and relaxing game to play with a morning coffee in your non-mouse-hand. Very deep strategy in placement of resources and choice of ambassadors to put on your giants.
76561198174309741,Recommended,222730,32854603,Posted: 27 June,all,Starbuck,"A surprisingly addictive and flexible game, despite what appears to be simple on first view. But no game is as the previous one, you actually have to think and plan ahead if you want to get achievements, and the graphics are fun yet artistically pleasing.To me, the fact that your game's length can be limited is actually a huge bonus in this case - it's the perfect challenging yet relaxing game when you can't play a whole evening.Very much recommended if you enjoy strategy games!"
,Recommended,222730,12677885,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,WishMage,"I really love God games where there are minions ever since Black and White and this is exactly what I have been waiting for. While I haven't gotten far in the game, every time I load it up I hae a great time playing it. Reccomended for those that can take a game with a slower pace."
,Recommended,222730,7735776,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Alhazred,"This one is a philosophic game if I ever saw one. Natural powers are represented by Titans (even though the game calls them ""giants"", to me the word ""Titan"" gives them a lot more better context), who create everything (non)living in the world.Even though all this is made as a gift for the humans, those same Titans are capable of taking away what they have given and smiting ungrateful humans. At the same time human population can try to rebel against the Titans and even destroy them, but ultimately that will lead to their own demise.On the game side, Reus is a satisfying combo-o-matic: place these precious animals next to these minerals and they both receive a performance boost. Then add a bush or berries next to the minerals and even more goodies are generated. Such fun. You could also call this an achievement hunting game and that too is made very well, as some challenges might prove satisfyingly tricky.Most of all, for me, this game provides some casual fun that looks delightful and surely makes its player very happy with its positive core."
76561198054011485,Recommended,222730,28776423,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TU NENEUTRAL,"Looks quite simple, but some mechanics are hidden. Once you figure out how to boom your population the game is just a chores list to get achievements. Development of the game died, don't expect any updates. That said you may get quite a few hours of fun. Just buy it if it's on sale."
,Recommended,222730,12434360,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,GAME IS A SHIT,"tl;dr: buy it on sale if you're looking for a decent pass-time, but don't expect to get huge hours of gameplay from it.If you're looking for a simple game to pass the time, Reus will do the job. It's not everything I wanted (I felt like more interaction with the villages would be nice, and wars between them felt like they became one-sided too quickly), but I definitely don't regret the purchase."
76561198035456440,Recommended,222730,32806510,Posted: 26 June,all,bjwing,"Aesthetically, it is a really nice game.It's just not quite my type of game. I felt like I was being tasked with chores. If you are into this sort of game, you'd probably like it.I only bought it because it was part of a bundle. I would not recommend buying it just for that reason."
76561198212605888,Recommended,222730,31924529,Posted: 23 May,all,jessbrooke,"Face it this game is still a bit lacking in content. But in a day and age where most god games don't deliver much, its good to see these people are at least trying really hard.8/10"
,Not Recommended,222730,20446161,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,spincrus,"Looked nice at first. As an old Populous guy (Black & White was completely different and incomparable), I was very excited when this finally came out.After a 2 hour playthrough, I seriously got bored. There was not enough depth, and overall the formula for winning was always somewhat obvious (and linear).I didn't quite expect the ""quick run"" concept in this game and thought more in terms of playing a world and developing it for hours end (think 4X games like Civ or city simulation games).It wasn't for me it appears. Too bad, because otherwise I would probably have enjoyed it with its cutesy graphics."
76561198018856238,Not Recommended,222730,9730486,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Felch Godrod,"I had high hopes going into this game. It seemed that it all the elements I wanted were right there: godlike powers, freedom to build a world, emergent civilizations. Here's the thing though; it's not really that fun. This game seems to exsist only for you to fufill it's own requirements for an arbritrary reward. That's right, this is an ""achievement-hunting"" game. If you like to complete lists of achievements, this is an awesome game. Those who seek strategy or depth should look elsewhere."
76561198008393219,Recommended,222730,32750635,Posted: 24 June,all,overtake,"THis is an amazing ly chill game, but does have its moments of difficulty that make everything worth the time put in."
,Recommended,222730,12047046,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Epidra,"ReusSince the glorious days of Black & White and the departure of its creator to a more RPG-centered Development there hasn't much news in the god game. Only a few entries were made in the last couple years with no real successor to the genres prime example. Reus is one of these entries. It doesn't try to overthrow the king, but it captures the spirit of Black & White very well. With quite a few changes.StoryInstead of playing a powerful god that controls cities and mighty creatures alike, and being constantly annoyed by your conscience, you are instead the very planet itself which wakes from its billion years long slumber to fill the surface with life once again. Since you are just a giant rock sorrounding a burning gas ball you receive the aid of four giants to help you fill the surface with all kind of life and protect it, if necessary. I think we had that part somewhere before, didn't end well for the giants. Anyway, your Giants are equipped with very different kinds of powers for that job.GameplayThe four Giants are called after the four Biomes they can create. Ocean, Forest, Mountain, and Swamp. They can create Land, setting up Recourses, and even enhance them with different skills, but that later. The first important thing to use is the Terrain Generation. You have five Biomes at your Disposal. While all Giants can only create the Lands they are named after and forest and swamp need to be placed next to an ocean, deserts can only be created when raise a mountain and there is no ocean in its sorounding.After designing the landscape you are ready for the next step: Resources and Settlements. The main feature of this game is to let small villages settle somewhere and provide them with food and gold and everything they could need. While Black & White lets you decide where to put new villages and what structures they build, you are here to waitfor the game to decide which building they want. And on that comparison, the Villages in Reus are just one single structures you can't interact that much. But that's not that much of a problem since Reus uses a new, almost puzzle-like aproach on how to interact with villages. You create Resources (Animals, Plants, Minerals) and your villagers will start to use them (and give them Food, Wealth, and Tech). Since that alone would be pretty boring, the Resources have special abilities attached to them, which grant additional bonuses if you meet certain requirements. So can a Plant almost double its food output if you place it next to a mineral. And on top of that, the different Resource types behave completely different. While Animal can make your Village more aggresive, while Plants have an effect to counter that. Minerals dont have such a system on that scale like the other two, uses some unique features. Animals and Plants have a range on where they give out their bonuses and form different kinds of Animals and Plants, depending on in which Biome you put them. Minerals on the other hand don't use such fancy techniques. You will create the same Minerals whereever you go (with a few exceptions here and there). And instead of a range system they just throw out all bonus on the place they are standing on. To differentiate them even more you need to overcome a special obstacle (called symbiosis), to to make abilities usable. For this your villages need to already use a certain amount of food, wealt, or tech. Stupid rocks.Speaking of Villages, these things have, too, some special features worth mentioning. First, Sttlements have Borders. Everything inside these borders will be counted, everything outside ignored. Don't worry, the Borders will expand once the Settlement reached a certain size. The second thing are structures. These are special building outside of the village, which grant certain additional bonuses, depending on what they are. You can have which grants a tech bonus for each Plant within the borders, or fishing docks gives out a food bonus for each fish around it. And completing it will give you the key to victory, an ambassador.Those little people will then sit on your Giants and unlock new powers. These powers, called Aspects, can increase the output of the recourse a little, or activate the last grand feature in the game, Transmutation. You know, that cool thing where you can transorm something in something completely different. It's fun, just don't try to resurrect your dead mother with it, okay? It works like placing a new resource, the first transmutes are not necessarily more powerful, but more you go down on the transmutation road, the better your outcome will be. Of course, if you don't activate the abilities you won't get much farther with it. So plan ahead and draw yourself a map of all the transmutations (I do and will eventually post it here). It will even help to understand certain structures of the transmutations, like the conjunction between ocean animals, you can jump from both animal a1 and b1 to a2 or b2, while the desert animals a1 and b1 only share c2, a2 and b2 are only reachable from the same letter. So keep that in mind. An interesting addition to this is that in the beginning only very few transmutations are available to you. To unlock additional ones you need to unlock steam achievements, which will be tracked ingame. These things are finally useful for something.ConclusionPretty solid, beautiful drawn, 2-D god game, which can lead to some tedious puzzle work if you want to come far. There are some critic points, like when settlements go and try to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your Giants. Reus is one of the best examples of the creativity of indie games. If you like slower paced simulations, where you can watch and devolop the towns under your watchful eye, without any pressure, timed or otherwise, you can't do anything wrong with this game. Buy it, enjoy it, and see for yourself.If you want to get a better look at a playthrough of this game just click the link below:http://youtu.be/jdKaXzZ8gJM?list=UUMxIS2guRxfCuJ1gllMecuAFor more Reviews visit my Blog at:http://achievementunlockblog.wordpress.com/home/"
76561197966389994,Recommended,222730,7878318,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Moffit,"One of the best games I have played in a long time. Simple, strategic, addictive, great game time - easy on the eye, cute, scary, economics building masterpiece."
76561198091910461,Recommended,222730,9017421,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ilheim,A funny game! Very thorough :)
,Recommended,222730,8266959,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Coram,"Like a casual, far more relaxed version of Civilization. The music is soothing, the gameplay is slow but requires thought, and the aesthetics are fantastic. Give it a try if you want to kick back. Maybe your humans will even play nice!"
,Recommended,222730,27572361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,St._Madame Marie,"I really like this one, always recommend!Of course, you have to be knowlegde that this kind of game is the one you setting things to make everything works properly, and there is a tons of ways to make it happens, as much as a tons of things to unlock. If I would describe it in one word would be ""possibilities"".It's a very calming game, but full of challanges and have it dinamics. The truly times of action are when your humans hate you, make wars or thier project falls apart(but I normally describe them more as ""despair"" that action... or maybe sadness... angry too, sometimes...)So, be aware if you don't like this kind of game.To me, the nice points of this game are:Oh! What a beautiful art!Full of details, but at the same time not too much complex, you can look at it and appreciate every single part of it! Everytime you look at those tiny humans and thier village, you find something new and nice and cute. The giants gods too.The sounds effects!The music is nice, I would say the perfect one to those kind of game: Still listen to something, but forget that is a music, and miss it when is none. The sounds effect, in the other hand, makes everything puts together, and particularly I can't play the game without it.About the gameplay, it's pretty impressive!If you thing about it after play the game, it's kind of complex setting here. Briefly you have gods, abilites, aspects, nature, symbiose, humans, resourcers, projects, ambassadors, etc... and you can evolve mostly everything! Yourselfs, the humans's project, the resources, the game setting...but the designers make everything very friendly! Is easy to learn, remember and consult, there is even a wikipedia! You don't feel that it's complex at all! Feels very... natural?You have this 4 giant nature gods who make the World beautiful and full of life. This make everything more easy to connect with the real world aspecs of nature since the gods use the most basics of it, so it's not hard to remember what they do.The fact that they (the gods, ok?) share some of this nature aspects make the possibilites in game more vast, and I'm not only talk about the water, forest, swamp and mountain aspect/land/etc, it's about thier ability to change animals, plants and minerals. Pretty much those 3 are the basic resources you can use in game, so if it gives the player a lot of possibilites to interact, more fun will be. It's challenging and at the same time gives a purpose.As the 4 gods entitys, you give stuff to humans, they finish their project and give ""back"" possibilites do upgrade (the Ambassadors) yourselfs, which is very intelligent because make a Symbiosis Relationship with the player and the humans. You can't really advance without those tiny people, you can try(haha, no you can't), but you are losing most of the fun! And manly, the Ambassadors upgrade some abilitys, but not all of them, you have to see which one are most usefull to your propose.The projects of humans are really audacious, especially when they evolve over time. They interact with the ambient and can changes you plans to the village depending on their demand. The more advance is the project, more you must think to make everything connect with harmony.  It's challenging, nor other word!You can play at the normal setting the game gives you, or... not! The normal settings, Era, give you games of 30 mins, 60 mins and 120 mins as you evolve. The other one you play as freely as you want (but can't acquire new things D:). You have advance set too, which you change even the World size.They managed to translate the game into several languages, maybe your is available!There are more things to talk about, such as the nature, symbiose, adoration, war, angry humans,etc., but I think you should just play the game to find out.It's look very simple at first, but, believe me,(it's not simple)you will have more fun than you expect!"
,Recommended,222730,19899756,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,\tg/ World Peace,"Reus is different from the games I normally play, a god game in which you fill the world with plants, animals, and minerals, nurturing human civilization so that it can thrive and advance.  The game is simple to play and achieve some of the basic milestones, but is deep enough that it will keep you busy for quite a while if you decide to attempt the more difficult challenges.  You will always have different methods available for generating the resources that the human settlements need to prosper, and different ways to keep the greed that these newfound riches create in check.  There is almost always more than one path to victory, whatever it is you decide victory means in a given game.Reus is everything you could ask for in an indy game: it is inexpensive, flavorful, fun, and will provide hours of enjoyment."
76561198123910557,Recommended,222730,24966531,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Quantum Projects,"TL;DR: This is a nice god-themed puzzle game, with nice graphics, innovative design and fun gameplay. But it has its shortcomings.In a nutshell, in this game you play as four Titans, each one with unique powers, and by laying out biomes and sources (animals, plants and minerals) and upgrading them with your Titans' abilities, you can make suitable environments for humans to settle down into villages. Your villages will then request random Projects from time to time, and by fulfilling them, you get either Ambassadors that upgrade your Titans' abilities and structures that provide your villages with resources. As you complete goals (achievements), which usually requires your villages getting a certain amount of resources, you unlock further sources, which can be used to complete more difficult goals.To fulfill your villages' Projects, you will need to combine sources and structures that sinergize well. For instance, the Apple Tree will provide extra food and tech if you place it near an animal. The Granary will provide extra food if next to plants.By using the resulting Ambassadors you get, you can unlock better Aspects, which in turn you can use to upgrade your sources or turn them into completely different ones, which you'll then use to fulfill more demanding Projects.And you must do it all while managing your time (you're on a timer), the different interactions between your sources, and also your villages' Greed, a game mechanic that prevents you from building things too fast, or your villages start wars against one another (or against your own Titans).All in all, these mechanics make up a very nice game. However, you may expect that:1. It will require a lot of brainpower to get all the important achievements. Considering how they are necessary to unlock all the sources, it can get frustrating at times if you plan (as I did and failed) to get everything this game has to offer.2. You're on an undelayble timer; you can't upgrade every Titan ability to its fullest potential (you only get a certain number of ambassadors per world, which are not enough to upgrade everything); the projects you villages start are very random and sometimes too demanding; the different Aspect tiers required to unlock different sources are very difficult to get; the sources interactions are very complex, and usually replacing one requires replacing several others as to maximize their sinergy effects.3. Sometimes, you'll feel lost. You'll need several different villages, usually at least one of every biome, and you need to tender to their needs often. Sometimes you'll need several complex sinergies between your sources, and that will require very careful planning of sources layouts. Sometimes, a very useful source will be out of your reach because you've chosen to upgrade the Aspect of one Titan over another; sometimes, you won't be able to give a Titan the Aspect you want, because doing so would jeopardize your plans. Sometimes, your villages will start dumb projects that go against your plans. And very often, replacing a source or getting a new Project requires replacing several other sources, so as to maximize their sinergy.4. In order to get the most difficult achievements, you'll fall short of having to plan the entire world layout and Titan upgrade path beforehand. If you wander just a little from your plans, you may not achieve the goal you want.5. It may get repetitive after a while, and the worlds you create are not persistent.6. You will check the game online wiki frequently. Do you remember the innovative Civilopedia, the one in-game encyclopedia that every complex game should have? It doesn't exist here. And several critical pieces of information (like upgrade paths) are not available in-game.Despite these shortcomings, if you like complex puzzle games, you'll really enjoy this game. Just beware that this is not truly a god game, despite what the Steam tags would make you believe."
76561198117391036,Recommended,222730,26140360,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,DustBust,"Reus...It's a well packaged game, wish I had a button for ""just okay"".Does it have depth? Sorta...Replayability? Somewhat...Strategy involved? Kinda...This game is simple but the depth/matrix of mixing and using the creature's powers gets hard to memorize or get into a flow (considering each game is timed) which limits the ""strategic"" feel. Replayability kind of reminds me of a mobile game, you keep chipping away at each level for that little bit of progress... its there but starts to get awfully repeatative.This is a quick pleasure game, I would not recommend paying full price for it, this is one of those games you throw in your cart when its 50-75% off."
,Recommended,222730,12285997,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,[i]Henx,"I feel as though I may be the only one who enjoys this one, but I thought it was a cool experience. A unique take on ""god games"", you should find yourself having some fun with it. As far as replayability, however, it soley relies on the plethora of achievements there are to get, as once you've beaten a game in a particlar era, you are pretty comfortable with it all and may not find anything new to keep you going. Only in trying to develop a strategy to attain the achievements will you really want to keep playing."
76561197978232684,Recommended,222730,7878874,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[Asgard] Thor,"This is a time and resource management game. Develop land into one of 4 types, 3 of which are human liveable. Use your four giants to add fruits, animals, or minerals to guide each village to what they ask for. Complete their quests and they will give you priest like people to upgrade your giants. Problem is that each giants can only hold so many priests so you need to plan ahead. This game is fun, but comes down to a ""Optimal"" path you must choose which limits the way you may want to play."
,Recommended,222730,463266,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Bet,Black & White is apparently a lot more fun in 2D
76561198022653747,Recommended,222730,29293069,Posted: 16 January,all,Shammeh,"I bought this game because it was on sale and looked interesting, three years ago. I finally decided to play it and I gotta say I was hooked almost immediately. One of only three games I've played to 100% completion, I've played over 60 hours of it this week. This is the equivalent of a book so good you don't want to put it down until you are done. This world builder/resource planter is addictive as hell.If you liked city/theme park builders back in the day you will really get a kick out of this game. It has much more in common gameplay wise with games like the Ceaser franchise, or pharaoh or Roller coaster tycoon. You have set goals you need to achieve with your resources within the time limit and every play through is a little bit different. Progression is tied to achievements, with the later resources being unlocked as you do better at the game. I liked this aspect, as you are always playing on the same ""map"" and so the new resources and unique challenges add variety to every playthrough.The game runs pretty darn smoothly though there are some bugs from time to time, specifically around completed projects text boxes being wonky sometimes, though very little that affects gameplay.I would highly recommend this game, especially for it's asking price of 10$ cnd, its a steal. Thanks for the great game devs!"
,Recommended,222730,11982079,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Gengar Del Rey,"I love Reus, Its fantastic, such a cute, casual game to play.  If you're looking for a game thats both relaxing and challenging then totally buy this, My only wish would be for a bigger world/More titans!"
76561198058353820,Not Recommended,222730,10551704,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Koolen,Not worth it way too slow paced and not enough to do.
,Recommended,222730,19789650,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Croissant,"Out of the oh-so few hours I have played this game, I have found it a truly amazing experience, in which in has so much replay value, I doubt I will be able to stop playing this game for hours on end, as I really enjoy this game, you can see the dev's obviously put blood, sweat and tears into this game, I would rate this game a 9/10, sincerely because of the replay value. Every time you play it you will have different and unexpected outcomes, and there is probably mods for this game which will TRULY change it everytime.Do I recommend it? Hell yeah."
,Recommended,222730,8694311,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,hotmatrixx,"Well, It's not for the faint of heart.I'm 30h in, and only about 1/2 of the abilities unlocked. I played an 120 minute era, that took me 7h to complete (you can pause the game and move it around, and sent the next commands whlist paused).There are 150 give or take,  different resources, and each one has a unique upgrage path - you need this type of rock, with this type of ambassador on this giant, plus you need to get the 'rare' version of the ability (about 30% chance) to unlock the mines you need to finish your objective. (an objective might give you +100 money per marlin within 2 tiles of it - and a marlin is makeral+ lesser hert aspect=seabass. Seabass + Greater hunt aspect (2x desert ambassadors on the forest giant)).The reason for the unlock system is so that you can begin to grasp the wide depth of this game. Trust me, you're going to need it.I like this game. It is micromanagement, resource management, time management. and it's key game mechanic: synergies. That's what truely makes this game special. For eg; rabbits give 3xfood. foxes give 5. every rabbit you put together gives an extra +2 food over 5 tiles. every rabbit inside a foxes range gives +4 food.put 2rabbits, a fox, 2rabbits, and you get something huge like 100 food. Then add a hunt apsect to the foxes to gain a money bonus of +2 gold for evey food on the foxes' tile. so you get about 50 gold, as well. Oh, and a blueberry in range of the rabbits for more food, and a bit of natura (some things give bonuses if the natura is high enough under it's tile)or maybe by puttingferrits next to a mineral they gain a +14 gold bonus, and putting quartz next to quartz gives each one a +10 gold bonus. and you ned to figure out how to maximise a villages resources, inside it's borders, so that you maximise their potential BASED ON THE CURRENT PROGECT (eg a project might give you +35 tech for every pair of apple trees).If you expand a village too fast, it gets greeedy and will soon be destroying other villages (meaning less resources and no ambassadors coming from that city or land type), or killing your giants (game over).Add to this the fact that there is no real manual, only a short tutorial, and no clear documentation showing the upgrade paths (so how do I build silver again?) There is a lot of too and fro trying to find the information on the wiki - what you need to build to get the resources you want for later. and the ""access the wiki on the ingame browser"" seems to be broken for me as well. The wiki is not great - it says iron is transmuted from salt. then you need to find salt transmutes from agate. then you need to find out what is required in each resourse to make it transmute. agate becomes salt when you put lesser siesmic on it, which comes from the rock giant if he has a swamp ambassador. salt becomes iron once you have a greater siesmic, which requires two ambassadors. and then it only occurs 30% of the time.I like the thing. I see at least 200/300h in it for me. There iks a freeplay mode so you ca just go forever,I'm a bit dissapointed that it seems that if you dont manage it, things will only ever devolve. it would be kind of cool to be able to leave your world with a balanced ecosystem, however I think the little humans would find some way to muck that up for you if you were not there. Also, nothing would happen, ever, if you left it in freeplay mode. humans dont advance, dont plat their own crops, nothing. You do all that for them. They just use whatever you give them.I have found a couple of bugs - things not showing up when they need to. but it's 99% there, and it's a gem of a game, even if it is rough around the edges. I hope the dev continues working on this until it is completely finished.If you brave the game, and you like intelligence in design, and intracacy in execution, you may just love this game. But only if you keep this bookmarked:http://wiki.reusgame.com/index.php?title=Natural_SourcesI printed off all those pictures and keep them next to my keyboard ina a binder now, they have saved me SO much frustration. it's only a pity that they are all black backgrounds. - so much wasted ink.... or you could same all the pics and invert the colours, I guess.. That could work."
76561198035735352,Recommended,222730,7920540,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,cschock,"Considering I got more than 60 hours of enjoyment out of a game I think I paid $5 for I'd call it a winner. Slow pacing and some frustrating mechanics (namely greed) might turn some people off, but I quite liked it overall."
76561198044917693,Recommended,222730,27303636,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,numairhawk,"There is more depth to this game than one would think looking at it. I really enjoy trying to hit every goal and figuring out which combination resources will give you the most food, tech and weatlh."
76561197960983020,Recommended,222730,64881,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Wigel,Best god game i played in a while. It looks a bit comical but it has a very deep strategic layer combined with an upgrade system based on challenging unlocks.
76561197999363466,Recommended,222730,8459311,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Babelfish,"It took me a minute to get into this game!However, once I was into it - solidly addicted!Unique game play for a - building game - time management & strategy - the best part of this game is that it keeps growing - new discoveries are constantly being made & the dynamics of symbiosis & how that works to make you successful are intriguing!Definitely give this game a try!"
,Recommended,222730,34729008,Posted: 3 September,all,Kaira the Unbound,"I'm so glad I gave this game another chance. It's such an addicting balance of time management and strategizing. The world is yours to control, and its open-ended gameplay is what keeps me coming back."
,Recommended,222730,8125827,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Wistfaul,"From screenshots and gameplay videos this game seems very simple, but there is a lot of depth and strategy required to play this game.  It takes all the meat and flash from a god game but leaves very sturdy and worthwhile bones."
,Recommended,222730,14802661,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Traveller,"5-hour opinion: This is the best god game I've played since Black & White, but the genre is so small that that's not saying much.  Still, I'm getting good vibes here.  It's fun playing god, and the mechanics also put me in the mindset of those Alchemy games for phones, where you combine things to make new stuff.The pacing feels a little weird.  The tutorials are alright, but once you're done with them and start the full game it suddenly feels really slow...until you realize ""oh man, I'm fifteen minutes into a thirty minute game and I should have been working faster, time actually matters now!"".  Optimal play means not a lot of waiting around.  You can pause to issue orders but it still feels pretty tense if you're really trying to do well.Unlockable stuff, both within and between games, is a major theme.  90% of what you do is upgrading patches of land into better patches of land.  Help towns complete projects, get new powers so you can upgrade land further.  Unlock achievements to raise the cap on how much you can upgrade stuff in future games.  It seems kind of limiting at first, but you also need to unlock 60- and 120-minute games, so you don't really bump up against the cap too badly in early games.All in all, I don't think this will become a classic, but I had fun with it.   The time pressure is too much for me to think of it as a casual game, even if it's hard to lose, exactly."
76561197990855867,Recommended,222730,12330331,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,CRY0s0ul,"Reus is a simple game.What it lacks in depth it makes up for with gameplay that keeps you involved with what’s happening in the various areas of your world. Balance out the demands in all of your established biomes and the people will be happy. Fail to do so and you’ll see wholesale revolt by your populations.It is quick and easy to get into this game: learn the four biomes and what role the associated giant performs and you’re good to go. The game helps you out by giving you progressively more difficult challenges to meet before advancing to the next level.Is it re-playable? Most definitely, and I would make it part of the gameplay. By this I mean that you have a countdown timer in the “Era” mode which is like a ‘campaign’ mode (I use the term loosely) where you have to successfully complete all the challenges before unlocking the next level (longer countdown, different challenges). Endless re-playability, but some might say endless repetitiveness.Unfortunately that’s all there is to Reus and while there is no defined end game (besides dying), you can certainly achieve everything there is to achieve in the “Freeplay” mode (no countdown timer). While I do recommend playing this game (positive Steam rating), I cannot call it a good game; it is mediocre at best because of how limited the gameplay is."
76561198073797601,Recommended,222730,29130854,Posted: 8 January,all,rcarpenter7,Relaxing fun game.  Slow but rewarding.  If you love fast paced games dont pick this one.
,Recommended,222730,22877025,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Amanda,"This game is dynamic and interesting for about the first 5 hours. You reach a peak and can't do much else except wipe out the town and start all over again doing the exact same thing. The concept is fantastic and if development comes it will be more than worth it. For now, keep an eye on it. If you want a quick, simple game, purchase now. You won't hate it, you'll just get bored rather fast."
,Recommended,222730,11913477,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Davy Jones,Marco Reus is a sik game
76561198130267687,Not Recommended,222730,33955228,Posted: 1 August,all,Starlord,"I've got to say that Reus was fun, for a short amount of time. The thing is when it comes to Reus it has really good content as a game. HOWEVER, it has very little content to experience. I'd say that after about a week of playing the game you probably won't revisit it again. I would really only suggest this if you don't have any other games in mind and money to spend.If Reus was still being developed I would certainly suggest it, the game is flush with potential, however very little of it was realized."
76561198067709347,Recommended,222730,10813556,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,InsaneHonkey,One of the most clever and unique RTS-like games. Underated and underpublicized. Awesome game that everyone should try out.
,Not Recommended,222730,17754320,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ReBoot,"It's one of them ""wiki games"". I mean games where you have to look at the official wiki all the time because there are many different technologies, units, items or interaction chains but none of them are documented in the game. It's not like the game doesn't have it's own encyclopedia, but looking into that while playing all the time sucks."
,Recommended,222730,8347029,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,quadriguez,Easy to learn hard to master. The achievements/unlocks in this game are perfectly balanced- they leave you realizing you can do more and motivate you to do so. My brother and I fashioned a drinking game out of Reus.
,Recommended,222730,7856528,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,The Banchou,"It's fun in an ""unlock stuff to do stuff by doing stuff"" kind of way."
76561197977260302,Recommended,222730,10934001,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Wibble the Obscure,"There are 2 paths with this game:1. You play it for the beauty of the game, the novelty of such a quirky little GodSim and the unlocks - this path leads to boredom and Reus gathering e-dust on your library shelf2. You play it with the understanding that this is a game of Strategy which requires a measure of forethought, balance, sacrifice and a general plan of what and how you are going to achieve your aims in this play-through. - This path leads to a deep respect for the design of the game and a approach to a playthrough that sees it as a challenge to be mastered.I think Reus is brilliant and I have only scratched the surface of what I need to do to become better at it.It is a Strategy game, a puzzle to be unlocked and understood and an OCD's dream!"
,Recommended,222730,8262952,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kai,"Reus is fun, intuative, and easy to learn, play, and get lost in for hours. The art is cute, the music is peaceful, and happy, and the game itself makes for hours of discovery, and satisfaction of curiosity as you explore symbiosis."
,Recommended,222730,19577584,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Evil Panda,Fun enough game but does get quite repetitive and boring after a while
76561197960443727,Recommended,222730,27113,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,McFox,"I am really enjoying this game at the moment. It's a laid back God Game where you control 4 elemental giants guiding humanity to grow in different ways. If you've ever played the ""Grow box"" type web games this game should feel very familiar. You can use your giants to turn herbs into tomatoes, flowers into trees, fish into sharks and depending on what you provide to the humans dictates in which direction they will advance.  At its current price you can't go wrong. Switch off your twitch reaction skills from playing Call of battle modern ops warfare field 3, kick back and relax with this lovely little indie game."
,Recommended,222730,7861716,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,rishftw,Reus is a godmode based indie game in which you get to design and destruct your own mini world. In this world you get construct and manage your own settlements and making the right or wrong move can transform the way they advance. This game brings a serene and harmonious vibe that lets you relax while you watch your world evolve or watch them run to the ground. I rate this game 8/10 for its interesting gameplay and relaxing vibe.
,Recommended,222730,7308487,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Panzerscout,"Interesting little god game, but my FPS goes from 40 to 1 everytime I settle new village. Bummer :("
76561197970188513,Recommended,222730,7777323,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,OmicronWarrior,"This game's budget price justifies its existence.  It is a god game, where the player controls 4 teraforming giants who plant resources on a planet.  Villages form to take advantage of those resources and give missions (called projects in game) to the player, usually revolving around having a certain amount of resources and tile types.  Complete a misison and get an ambassador which empowers a giant letting them built more advance resource types.  To really succeed, a player needs to take advantage of resource ""synergies.""  For example, you develop a deer node, which gives substantially more food if near certain types of plants.There are catches.  Villages that grow to quickly may declare war on other villages and wipe them out, depriving the player of a possible mission/ambassador.  If villages get really greedy the may declare war on your giants and attack them!  At some point, it is better to just destroy the village.The game is at first a lot of fun with a ton of unlockable achievements that let the player unlock new game modes and new resources.  However, the unlocked 2 hour mode is necessary to get some of the more difficult achievements, and is simply to long.  Furthermore, the harder achievements require players to make carefully planned decisions regarding which ambassadors to pair with giants.  So, the game becomes outright tedious.  Spending 2 hours or more (with pausing) only to discover you missed unlocking that one achievement is very disapointing.Still, a player should give more hours of enjoyment out of this game than the standard FPS single player campaign.  Combine that with a budget price and you have a cheap way to entertain yourself for a week."
,Recommended,222730,8263403,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Kexan,"A surprisingly good little gem of a game. Bought it for $2.50 on a whim during a Steam sale, but it's entirely worth the full price of $10 if not more so. It's basically a god sim where you control four giants that each have their own unique abilities to shape the land and create different types of animals and natural resources. With these giants your goal is to steer the development of the world and lead it to peace and prosperity. Along the way the greedy, dirty, little humans will try to stir up trouble and you'll have to figure out how to deal with those problems. You can either try and manage them, or just give in to your darker side and destroy the villages with earthquakes and other fun tools.The meat of the game is in the complex relationships between different resources and making sure each village has what it needs to continue to grow. It can be quite difficult sometimes with only four slow moving giants to oversee a whole planet, and it requires some planning and thinking. So be warned, this is not just another clickfest where the game plays itself out for you and gives you a WINNER badge at the end. Great game."
76561197975187104,Recommended,222730,8272418,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Kleurtje,Worth every penny! Fun gameplay and you need to use your brain to complete the challenges! Unlocking stuff through achievements is a fun way to make a different planet every time!Great buy!
,Recommended,222730,8412732,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nieryo,"This is a great god game. Picked it up on the holiday sale and couldn't put it down for days. The game has a neat mechanic where you unlock things as you play, eventually allowing you to get to higher and higher levels until you can create a eutopia the way you see fit. It's also cool because you can 'transmute' resources into different ones, allowing for tons of combinations. You'll think, you'll laugh, you'll love, and you'll punish those greedy little villagers time and time again.Pros: unique mechanics, easy to learn, relaxing game play, will cure that strategy/world building itch you have, good atmosphere, you play as a planet, and it's a cheap game.Cons: relatively short (can do most everything within 30 hrs), not a lot of replay value, can get repetitive.Overall, this is an excellent game at an excellent price."
,Recommended,222730,8584300,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Kiwi,"Haven't finished the game yet but so far it's been a blast. It's easy to take a break or get lost in it. The pacing early on is a little slow, but once the higher level developements come it is quite a gaming experience. The thinker's game."
76561197995200857,Not Recommended,222730,17906945,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,mrguy0807,"It's a good game but there's honestly not much variation.After learning the basics you're stuck with the same outcomes with only slight differences. There are certain things that can be unlocked under very specific circumstances but it doesn't feel like a big enough incentive to keep playing after a few hours.It's a decent but simple god game, and very relaxing. But it gets boring way too quickly."
,Recommended,222730,34769225,Posted: 5 September,all,RealPotatoBird,"This is a good one. It takes time to both reveal and fully appreciate this game and its complexity. It's a game that's centered around achievements, with larger. more potent resources kept from you before you've progressed far enough to need them. It's certainly possible to stagnate after a few plays (as I did) but I came back later and really enjoyed it again. So give it time,  I'm sure Reus will grow on you, even if you don't fall in love with it right away."
,Recommended,222730,26374708,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,𝓥𝓘𝓡𝓤𝓢_𝓡𝓖,Nice game
,Recommended,222730,549626,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,TekDragon,"Black and White meets SpaceChem. In this game you control 4 giants, each representing an aspect of nature, who manipulate the earth in ways that attract, grow, and motivate human settlements.While the basics are relatively (for this type of game) easy to learn, the complexity ratchets up quickly through 2 main mechanics.First, your giants evolve their abilities during each game through the collection of ambassadors who appear when a village reaches a project milestone. This grants them the ability to upgrade plants, animals, and minerals in new ways. Second, as you accomplish objectives, you unlock new types of flora, fauna, and minerals for future games, as well as open up longer gametype modes.In this way an initial 30 minute game (era) where you place a few simple plants, animals, and minerals around a few primative villages eventually gives way to 2 hour-long games with dozens of possible ecological effects with hundreds of combinations, all bent on stimulating  settlements to grow and build epic projects.It's these ecological combinations that will either make or break the game for you. If you enjoy the challenge of mixing and upgrading  varieties of plants, animals, and minerals to find the perfect symbiotic mix while under time, space, and villager greed limitations - you'll love this game. If not, you'll probably get frustrated quickly."
76561198123970071,Recommended,222730,18299975,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,jamie109787009,cool game but has got some glitches i would rate it 4 out of 5
76561198023929012,Recommended,222730,15392438,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Top Gear,"Let me start things off by saying that this game takes a fair bit of patience to play, and there is nothing fast-paced about it unless you decide to neglect the pause button for whatever reason. Reus is a thinking game, and it rewards experimentation.Simple in concept, unique in visuals and smooth in execution, Reus lets you shape a 2-dimensional planet by terraforming the land with your Rock, Swamp, Forest and Ocean giants to create deserts, swamps, forests and oceans which you can then populate with wildlife and foliage. Once any such biome has been created, and any resource has been placed within it, humans will appear and the true game will begin.The game is primarily about providing for humanity while monitoring how quickly they claim the resources you give them, lest they become greedy and have to be put down. While I doubt this is a new concept to the god-sim genre, I found Reus to be approachable enough for me to get sucked in despite historically not being a fan of said genre. The controls are fluid and clear, there is a great variety of things to toy and experiment with and the game actively rewards your experimentation with new and more powerful bonuses which, when combined with the unlimited number of retries, the free play mode and the simple goal of ""develop humanity beyond X points"" makes for an interesting experience that keeps you coming back to try more.On the downside, the game's replayability runs a bit short when you complete all the objectives, and there seems to be a glitch that lets you unlock achievements on the ""easy"" mode (which is normally supposed to disable achievements). In addition, the randomness of human development can often be a pain and you may find yourself frustrated by that one village who refuses to try a different project than the one you keep denying, no matter how many times you destroy it.A more subjective downside is the simple slow pace - your giants move slowly, resources are gathered slowly, abilities have significant cooldowns - which is all the more pressing an issue when you have 7 different human villages you're trying to manage at once. This could be also be considered part of the game's difficulty however, and some enjoy a slower-paced experience.Over all, I thoroughly enjoyed Reus and would absolutely recommend it, especially for it's low price ($10CAD at time of this writing). Even if you aren't normally a fan of god sims, I would recommend picking this up on sale and giving it a try - it might surprise you."
,Recommended,222730,10049033,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Dark Cocoa Daddy,"Make earth, break earth. Make earth, break earth."
,Recommended,222730,8589034,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Almsalty,"If you like achievements, this is porn for you in godgame form"
,Recommended,222730,17459174,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,FlameCat,Really fun! Trying all the different development pathways kind of reminds me of the Alchemy game for Android.
,Recommended,222730,17160985,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Scrotox the Mighty,When I want a break from casual games like Dark Souls and FTL I like to play an intense hard core game like Reus.
76561198028047418,Recommended,222730,23796508,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,absolutvalu,An incredibly in depth puzzle game. Highly recommended if you like solving puzzles.
,Recommended,222730,8493146,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,LordKosc,"Very addictive, makes you think, and it looks wonderful. Such a great game!"
,Recommended,222730,12821228,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hilamonsta,Very neat visuals but limited playability.
76561198042518121,Recommended,222730,22541475,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Gastropug,Cutest genocide simulator ever.
76561198090937525,Recommended,222730,7806302,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Adolf Hitler,love this game i have had it for some time but it is great
76561198043820715,Recommended,222730,7881594,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,WarrantCard,"Reus is a god-game that kills time for 30/60/120 minutes, according to your preference. If you're an achievement farmer, then you would usually go for the 120 minute game, which is not feasible all the time because it's pretty long. This game has never been updated, so playability usually ends once you finish all the achievements, or if you get stuck on the harder achievements for too long, or you don't have too many 120-minute segments of your life to spend on the game.For the price, I wouldn't be asking much improvements to the game. It would only be better if it's playable on a tablet, which has been ""looked into"" for the past 6 months without any reply from the developers.Recommended game for players who want to try a god-game without jumping into an expensive game straightaway."
,Recommended,222730,1300028,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Miss Brain Problems,"If you like God Games, Reus is the first good one I've played in years, probably since the original Black and White. Ten bucks is a perfectly reasonable price to ask for a game with this much content and enjoyability. I hope Abbey Games makes more stuff like this in the future."
,Recommended,222730,10549024,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Doctor Space,"Reus is a super chill, casual game. Game play may be timed, but it doesn't really feel like it. You basically create a world for the lil human dudes, and pop up them up some food and science or whatever. Then they do the rest! That is until they rise up to rebel against you or a neighboring town. then you kill them all. KILL THEM ALL WITH YOUR GIANTS. Did I mention you control four different giants, in order to make an awesome world? It's pretty cool guys."
76561198067022985,Recommended,222730,8270042,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,✪ Slutty Pumpkins,Really great game. I recommend this to anyone who wants a game that climbs in difficulty.
76561197966206834,Recommended,222730,10875612,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Pluus,"Great fun! Unlocking Tech through achievements seems a little wonky at first, but it gives purpose to your runs in a game that has no real defined 'goals'.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,222730,10939389,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Devilguardian,"Pretty good, the micro managment is amazing."
76561197970790536,Recommended,222730,10883706,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,PhobusHammer,This game is one of the most fun world builder/god games I've ever played.Why?- Simple interaction between your four godlike giants allows you to create any world you want.- Time limits on your worlds ensure you're not spending insane amounts of time doing it.- Each playthrough allows you to aim for further progression by unlocking more upgrades.Very worthwhile.
76561197998379161,Recommended,222730,8348086,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,RustyAllard,"If you like god-like RTS games, you should really try Reus, the first playthroughs seem all to easy, yet this game gets more challenging the longer you play it, you unlock new possibilities in terms off land-tile improvements. I've really enjoyed playing this game, yet I would have liked to see frequent updates affecting gameplay in order to keep the game interesting."
,Recommended,222730,8241294,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,:b:heater :b:id,"An adorable, entertaining god game with excellent controls and few issues. Recommended."
,Recommended,222730,11077376,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Urk,wonderfull game
,Recommended,222730,11836352,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Shibiki,Very appealing art style and the gameplay mechanics are fun and easy to get into. This is a highly entertaining game thats great as a casual 'relax in the afternoon' game.
76561198040830890,Recommended,222730,4692962,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,horsesrings,"A little game, relaxing, but requiring some reflexion. The free will of the humans is often upsetting, but don't worry, you can always destroy them ! :P"
76561197963865429,Recommended,222730,12140144,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Keesjenl,"This game is in te beginning really complex. But if you put in some hours you will understand more of it every single time you play it.You need to dedicate yourself to keep on playing it. Because its also a really hard game to learn.When you like building games as: civ, age etc. I think you will like this game as well."
76561198061724008,Recommended,222730,11979923,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,The Flawless Walrus,"I gave my villagers gold, fish, chicken, fruit and a nice little school, so to thank me, they started throwing spears at me until I decided to throw gunk at their village.In all seriousness though, this game is utterly amazing, for a tiny price as well, the amount of thought needed to meet all of the developments and reach the symbioses is quite high in the later stages, and I love that. The game in general is an almost perfect 2D god game. However, I don't think greed quite works in that way... I mean, it makes sense, but I'm finding it hard to believe that a villager would decide to throw spears at a Giant Rock man, who could destroy you, and everyone around you in a single hit. But oh well, it would suck if it weren't like that, It's not meant to be taken too seriously. Great game 10.5/10"
76561198026423628,Recommended,222730,3709903,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Kaz the Cursed ☦,Its nice and relaxing. It also has great replay value.
76561198048927429,Recommended,222730,13711999,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Mr. Teufer,"It's a simple game, but a great way to spend your time! Simple graphics, simple mechanics, no story: easy to play, easy to master but yet it can be played in many different ways. I totally recomend it for casual gaming."
,Recommended,222730,13707910,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Spud387,Great game where you are esentially god. Great quick time waster :)
,Recommended,222730,7906173,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,ChibiCD,"Fun little game. Reminds me a bit of the Black and White games, but has it's own play style too it."
,Recommended,222730,13556460,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Scurra,"Reus is a really great ""sit back and relax game"" even though each session is set to a finite time window. It has puzzle type elements where you're always trying to figure out the best combination of tiles to use to maximise a given resource for your town to complete buildings. The soundtrack is relaxing and the art style is really charming.A great experience for when you need to take a step back from more competitive and fast paced games."
,Recommended,222730,2908013,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Police 89,Went in thinking it was simple but was surprised to see the depth this game offers. This game is def worth the price and your time!!
,Recommended,222730,819671,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Metzge,"The full review can be found onStart 2 Continue.Excerpt:In the beginning, you created the heavens and the earth. The earth was without form, and void; and darkness was on the face of the deep. You said, “Let there be light”; and there was light. And upon the desolate planet, you created four great giants, aspects of your divine will. They toiled, carving ocean trenches and raising mountains; planting forests and filling swamps with all sorts of beautiful creatures and strange planets. And finally, the first humans appear in the shadows of the giants as they stood guard to protect your creation. Such is Reus, a new 2D god game created by Abbey Games and released earlier this summer.When I first played this game, I admittedly thought of Black & White right away: shepherding humanity on its way through indirect influences—though instead of animals, you have elemental giants to do your bidding. Mind you, this is something completely different, a sort of puzzle/strategy simulator kind of package....With surprising complexity, great graphics, and addictive gameplay that always keeps you on your toes, Reus is an awesome game and a great second title from Abbey Games. I can’t wait to see what else is in store for both this franchise and these developers."
,Recommended,222730,2384076,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Ensus,"This game seem to be quite slow going at first, but if you try to win the harder challenges, you will know what it means to be in a hurry. It is easy to learn, but difficult to master."
,Recommended,222730,10676508,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,YesImBill,"This game is excellent. As a Civ fan, this is a great shorter game with similar rules."
,Recommended,222730,8239353,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Nukesalot,"Pretty damn fun/time consuming for the price, assuming you like figuring out how to build/upgrade/optimize stuff."
,Recommended,222730,10878490,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Max,"This game is very good, in my opinion. It allows the player to be creative as possible when distributing diverse and interesting landscapes across their Earth. Different combinations of plants, animals, herbs, and villages allow for symbiosis and transmutations to occur, leading to an even more diverese world than the last! I recommend this game, although the beginning is quite slow and tedious due to there being three tutorials, all of which you should play however to get used to the controls and the environment. You will need to know everything from these tutorials, so study up! This game is definatley worth the $2.49 I paid for it during the Steam Summer Sale and I recommend it. This game is not, however, for smaller children, as it can  become very confusing and complicated at times. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,222730,11074406,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,VitriolBlue,"Clever and creative.  This is the first game that I have purchased in months that made me lose track of time.  I was looking for a ""God Game"" and this is exactly what I wanted!  I hope there are expansions in the future!"
76561197980511021,Recommended,222730,13729633,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Hillbilly Tsu,I am a kind and loving god. I try to help my people prosper. It is a pity i must always crush their existance.
76561198044318569,Recommended,222730,8259343,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,RoguishLoaf,"At the time of writing I'm at 3 hours of playing, so to clarify my thoughts are on the ""early game"", so to speak.Reus is a fun, charming god game with beautiful art and gentle music. The main game mode gives you reign of a 2D globe for a set period of time (from half an hour at the shortest to two hours at the longest) and leaves you to achieve whatever goals you choose within that time, with the suggested goals that unlock new items being things like making a city that prospers using only animals and minerals, or making a particularly large city. The strategic element of the games comes from achieving each city's goals using the limited number of tiles around them by taking advantage of symbiotic combos, such as a predator that gets a bonus from being around smaller animals, or a plant that grows better next to mineral deposits.While there is a free play mode, I prefer the structure that the goals offer, since they challenge the player to try new things and new playstyles. The limited time sessions are also a good design decision, since they avoid the weakness that some sandbox games have of dragging on for too long and becoming formless. I find that Reus is a good game to dip into for a session at a time, try a few new goals, relax a little but also think a little, and if that sounds like the kind of game you'd like to have in your library I would highly recommend it."
76561198027147971,Recommended,222730,8304417,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sexy crime wave,What a fun little game this is :)
76561198098272177,Recommended,222730,8306699,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,wolfie-13,It's a good game. Is rly nice. It's kinda like baby's first civilization or something.
76561198018522180,Recommended,222730,8246071,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,123,Great game! For me it was semi overwelming to manage multiple towns. Take it slow at first and learn the basics.
76561197991252340,Recommended,222730,1314517,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,BobSkywalker,"the level of depth in this game was pretty surprising. there are some minor bugs and annoyances, but overall its a pretty fun sim"
,Recommended,222730,10894424,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ass Burger With Cheese,Neat concept. Bought when on sale good for Casual gameplay.
,Recommended,222730,8775142,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,TOG | Pugs,"Reus is a God game where you seed the world with plants, animals and minerals for your NPC villages.  There are heaps of different resources to use, each with different synergies and requirements and trying to manage them all in a way that will satisfy whatever projects your villages are currently trying to complete makes for a different game every time.You can pause the game at any time to figure out what you're doing, and you need to, there's so much going on in a single game.  Highly recommended if you enjoy giving your brain a workout.  I'm loving it."
,Recommended,222730,8243479,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,derpppppppppppp,A Great game that I strongly suggest to get it is simple but fun.To those who like playing gods and shaping land forms this is your game if you have more money From Dust would be a better option. 8/10 :D
76561198030807681,Recommended,222730,11236416,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Veg,"great, fantastic. spent lots of hours and will sure continue!"
76561197964626206,Recommended,222730,188968,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Transientmind,"It's not so much a sim/strategy game as much as it is a puzzle game.  You have limited space in which to do anything, so it's all about juggling combinations of resources.  Pretty and cute, but not much variety/diversity."
76561198064526971,Recommended,222730,19014589,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,DiddlyHole,"Fun, but can have the same problem as civilization.  Investing too much time to just screw up later.  Still cool concept and progessively unlock new material to make each gameplay interesting."
,Recommended,222730,9444285,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Zeendusk,"Wanna be a god? Well this is the game for you! You can create worlds, destroy civilizations, & just have fun!8/10 - Ƶєєη∂υѕк"
76561198027208916,Recommended,222730,8636262,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Jdickman89,"The mechanics are simple for this game - though it looks unimpressive at first glance, the layers of complexity build upon eachother beautifully allowing you to sculpt something impressive and satisfying within the short, low-commitment parameters of rounds."
,Recommended,222730,13381540,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,DarkNetFan,"Simple game for a cheap price. Main criticism from my side is that there's no in-game interface to get information on the complete tech tree or the parts you already progressed through. The only information you get is the thing you want to change right now, never what you could turn it into later, even though you might have done so before in a previous game or in another place on the map. If this is completely intentional it doesn't work, because people just open a browser out of game and look it up anyways. The game has too much information to memorize even through multiple runs, so it wouldn't hurt to get information on what you've already unlocked and done at least once.Otherwise it's nice to waste a few hours with.Oh and it fully runs on LINUX, which is a HUGE plus for me."
,Recommended,222730,7724209,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Gonads,Playing it is like soaking in a perfect bath on a beach in heaven with a hot cup of cocoa.
76561198037476109,Recommended,222730,14359137,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Ychdziu,I like to keep it short and simple.A simple and fun strategy game. Great concept.A must have! Have fun!
76561197995958437,Recommended,222730,8818686,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Punderpowered -DI-,"This is a fantastic and wonderfully complex game.  Sparing you another description, this game has some reverse Civ-like (playing as the environment, not the humans) elements and some puzzle elements to it.  What is the most optimal way for you to give resources to your villages without them trying to destroy each other and you?  How do you give the humans just enough of a boost for them to finish a project without them demanding more and more resources from you?  Now that the humans have rebelled and are attacking you, how do you deal with an angry and murderous village?  I highly recommend this game, and it is easily has one of the best value-to-money ratios of games that I have played."
,Recommended,222730,13131812,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,GekkeAr,"I think it is one of the best-GOD games I have ever played. Okay, this is the only god-game I played, but yeah, I LOVE this game. It is fun, it looks nice, and it plays smooth. All the thing you can do are easy to do. But ofcourse there is a hard option. I play/played this game with a big smile on my face, but you need also your brains. That is the best conbination in this game.If you like actio-games, don't buy this game, because it is not a action-game. But if yout wanna game and think about how to play, this is the best I can think of!!I LOVE this game!!8.5/10"
,Recommended,222730,10731445,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Claud Strife,"Reus is a great game as long as you have the time for it. Easy to play and difficult to master, it will keep you wanting to try one more time every time.Pros:-Simple-Entertaining-EngagingCons:-Time consuming-Simple-Relies on power-up memorization"
76561198014933683,Recommended,222730,11093535,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Doopers,Wow
76561198007824926,Recommended,222730,8312480,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SotoMizer,"Pretty neat God Game, you have to sculpt your planet for the humans' wants.  If you let them grow to quickly they'll go to war with each other and attack your giants.  The difficulty ramps up pretty smoothly.  Check it out!"
76561198012157940,Recommended,222730,2756575,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,zsmalls,god stratagy game SUPER fun sort of complicated fun MEGA FUN and the gods look cool. there are different biomes and the city people and animals are always busy doing something so it gives the game a nice active feel and citys can get greedy and try to attack the gods and the other citys
,Recommended,222730,1798477,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Whoota,"Reus, is a God game, developed by a Dutch studio only two blocks from where I attend my lectures. In complete ingnorance I have walked past this studio, oblivious to the marvel that they were creating. Reus means Giant in Dutch and it pretty much explains what this game is about. You control four giants, each with different elemental powers and it is your job to terraform and seed a world for mankind to populate. You carefully juggle puzzle and strategy elements to provide for your tiny denizens. As the time progresses, society evolves and your options grow, enabling you to take your people further.Reus is a very relaxing and intricate god sim and I reccommend it everyone who likes to take it easy, and still do great things."
76561197968623697,Recommended,222730,9700535,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Bolka,"Another indie little jewel. Reus comes accross first as a cute God game with a simplified world building environment, but quite quickly the depth of this game reveals.In fact Reus is a very smart game, where you try to maximize your world and your giants` power during a 30/60/120 mins game.  As you develop your world, the gameplay becomes deeper as you advance, and you have to adapt to each game as they develop differently. Also at the end of a game you unlock new environments and projects for the next games.The combination of simplicity of the game mechanics and the depth/replayability is very good."
,Recommended,222730,8696269,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,🌸KittenyBunny🌸,"A delightful and easy to start game with surprising complexities and a lot of variety.  Build different habitats, start off civilzation with a variety of resources and see how it develops, tweak things along the way for a million different outcomes.  A relaxing, absorbing and fun game to play!"
,Recommended,222730,9183699,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,RmX,"It's really nice game, i like it :) My own recorded gameplay for this game :)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3hRKVWELY4"
,Recommended,222730,7572629,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,GreenLiquid,"Combine the resource management and tile improvements of the Civilization series with the logistics-under-a-time-limit of Pikmin and you'll have something vaguely like Reus. The system of unlocking new improvements by achieving increasingly-difficult ""developments"" encourages and rewards repeated attempts and makes things kind of addictive."
,Recommended,222730,28896218,Posted: 1 January,all,danisoff,Nice peacefull game.Worth to buy!
,Recommended,222730,8941757,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,nazee zamby patriarch,"it's a nice calm little strategy game, but the gameplay really boils down to finding out what tiles/spells/structures mix with other adjacent ones. you figure that out, and you've done everything there is to do. it's not bad, get it on sale I guess."
,Recommended,222730,10049764,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Ravensburger3,"This is probably my best purchase I've purchased on steam. The music, the art style, the theme is just perfect and will keep bringing you back for more. The developers are true indies and are working on their next game, which just makes playing the game even more rewarding.Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,222730,9992913,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,mattjustcame,Fun game to put an hour into once in a while. A lot of different types of towns to try and build which makes no two games the same.
,Recommended,222730,13865815,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a simulation  game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere are many resolution sizes available.You can change the aspect ratio.You can play this game on Fullscreen mode or Windowed mode.There is a Music volume slidebar available.There is a sound volume slidebar available.There are some different languages available.There are different play time limit available.About the game.You control 4 giants. Forest giant, water giant, rock giant and the swamp giant. Each with their own advantages and disadvantages. Sometimes a mix is required to build something unique that you normally can't get. So then you have to use a rock giant in a forest area. Or a forest giant in a swamp area. Before the match is about to begin, you will see some of the achievements/unlockable that you are still able to unlock + with the description. When on ""Earth"" You will see some arrows popping up, These are temporary fertilized ground. Which makes your resource more powerful. Once build on that ground the fertlize effect will always be activate for THAT resource. So if you are adding a different resource into it. You have to fertilize this with the forest giant again. So that resource also gets the boost. Some resources requires another resource to become more powerful.There is a Well explained tutorial ingame.Music is okay.Everytime you unlock an achievement, you will unlock something new too! So unlock to get more abilties!Able to pause the game and resuming it. You can give order commands to the giants when in pause mode.Other things.Reus is a Dutch word for Giant.-------------------I Give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,222730,9146539,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dr. Orgasmo,I don't think I'm playing this game correctly. They keep building up war as bad but I keep purposefully initiating it between my cities.Then the one civilization I helped rose up against me and destroyed my gods.I think this is accurate of how humanity would actually work.
,Recommended,222730,4406158,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Arson,Pretty good if you like Civilization. It doesn't feel as complex or overwhelming with lots features but still has tons of interesting mechanics to keep you engaged.
,Recommended,222730,7891091,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kyuss9,"Really cool game. Just played 3h straight, without even noticing it. For little more than 2€ , this is a must buy."
,Recommended,222730,4837016,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Medea,"Woah, this game is crazy fun. I can't wait to actually figure out what I am doing. The basics gameplay and design are intuitive and it's very fun to learn. I can't wait to dig deeper into the customization options with advancements.Really cute, really clever. This is one of the best strategy games I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,222730,1856113,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Bryan Cranston,"I write now about my expirence with this game. I was Constipated before buying this game. Constipated because I wasn't sure I should buy it. I overcame the urge not to buy it and bought it. Must say, it dosen't make me want to commit suicide, but carries with it a problem. The world is too small and it dont get no bigger and in addition to that, the giants don't always spawn. So I took to calling it Dire - Reus in lieu of the feeling I got when I played it."
76561198053442657,Recommended,222730,10799038,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,yourmomsofat,"Fun ""god game.""  Very simple mechanics, but a surprising amount of depth despite this.  The visuals are beautiful.  More than worth picking up on a sale."
,Recommended,222730,8255418,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,HazMatt,"I seen this game was on sale, so I picked it up and I absolutly LOVE it!! The game mechanics are easy to learn and there is always new stuff to discover, pick this up if you like sandbox/god games.Amazing! A++++"
,Recommended,222730,8274173,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Scorpion,"Players who like building things and combining features, this is a game for you. It is kinda fun and does not require critical thinking unless you are in for the rare achievement. A game to try when you have the time."
,Recommended,222730,8381065,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,dyvac-,"smart ant simple, recommended for every strategist and anyone whos got some spare time on their hands."
,Recommended,222730,8414165,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hozzie,"I can definetly recommend this game. It feels like Black and White with light Civliztion Elements tossed into it. It can get a little stressful sometimes but it's all worth it.Be careful not to give humans too much stuff too fast or they'll eventually turn on you, forcing you to destroy what you spent you so much energy on building up."
76561197978137419,Recommended,222730,8472816,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ashtraska,A fresh approach the to god game genre. The complexity adds a real challenge that's fun and interesting. Very well designed and balanced. I absolutely reccommend it if you're a fan of the genre.
,Recommended,222730,8481497,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Saci da Caatinga,"A very simple game, yet very addictive.Well done and fun, you will get many play hours out of this one."
,Recommended,222730,8500879,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,iki_balam,"Fun indie game. 80%. What is so nice about this game is how the scope is limited, but allows a ton of replayability and variation in each play. This game makes you decide on what to specialize each village in, food, tech, wealth and awe for example. This means you can have several forest villages with all varying focuses. This will change to meet your goals and village projects. Also the giants get ability boots from the villages, so you can see how the resources, village types, and giant type can lead to a lot of varying combinations. Its fun and rewarding. Plus you can tell there is a lot of thought and effort into fleshing out the small aspects of this game, i.e. the resources, their animations and development tree."
,Recommended,222730,8247021,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,AlchemyCarta,"It starts a bit slow, but the level of creativity it invokes in you makes it all worthwhile! :)"
76561198018337802,Recommended,222730,8250707,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MrRauxa,"Great game, strategy planning is key to get the most out of it."
,Recommended,222730,8277934,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,bob a feet,"Pretty fun god game.  The mid to end game gets very complicated and requires a second monitor or computer with the wiki open at almost all times.  There is very little tutorial done, which can be good or bad.  It leaves it up to you to figure things out by trial and error.  I enjoy the game as it can be as casual or indepth as you like.  I'd buy it again."
76561197994701746,Recommended,222730,8402534,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Capn' Madbeard,"A great little world building game. If you like games where you can tinker and micromanage but want to go to bed at a reasonable time, Reus is your game.Or in my case not...."
76561198009381484,Recommended,222730,8427899,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AsteriX,Really good game! You'll have fun ;D
,Recommended,222730,8464208,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,RedJaguar,Good game
,Recommended,222730,8450344,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,IUFMarine,Simple concept with an amazing amount of depth... has been eating at my soul! Very few games make me actually want to get all the achievments... Reus has found a way to integrate them into the gameplay in such a way that I have been pulling my hair out trying to get some of them! (this is a good thing =P its challenging but in a way that makes its addicting)
76561198011041812,Recommended,222730,8486670,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Verdicts,Actually does have a surprising level of strategy. It seriously crams everything into its limited game mechanics and graphics. Another one of those 'worth the asking price' games. Can be played casually or in sessions of several hours at a time.
,Recommended,222730,8511712,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rike,No complaints about this game.Simple to play.    Can make the game challenging if you want to see all the different possibilities.Unique game style and cheap especially with the constant steam sales.
76561198017898736,Recommended,222730,8578725,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Vorduul,"Note: This game, though thoroughly enjoyable, is not a god game in the sense most gamers are used to. While you do play a godlike being in charge of building a world, little of the game involves direct interaction with the population. You will seldom use attacks on cities or armies.Recommendation: If you like puzzles involving synergy, this game is for you. Each resource has a certain bonus effect that occurs when conditions are right, and the vast majority of gameplay is spent figuring out how to maximize synergistic outputs. For some projects, these synergies must be very precisely managed indeed. Often success comes down to a single configuration of resources boosted precisely by aspects.When you start play, most of the resources will not be available, along with the 60 minute and 120 minute game modes. Completing a variety of objectives unlocks the resources you will need to complete the hardest projects. Objectives can only be completed during the regular game modes, but you are free to experiment at any time in the 'Alt' mode, where a number of conditions will make the game easier to mess around with.I found this game very fun and entirely worth the $5 or so I spent on it when it was on sale. It took me about 50 hours to unlock every resource, and I may still go back to complete the 60 minute challenge achievements at a later time. There are a few errors in the printed synergies. For instance, a Snow Leopard will gain the listed gold and danger boosted for each zinc or silver in range, not just once. (Exploit this if you want a gigantic amount of gold and danger from one Snow Leopard.)Greed can be frustratingly hard to combat. However, with careful play, greed is usually completely avoidable. Keep danger high, or keep the resource gain under the awe. Never let greed go above 3 if you can help it."
76561198014617966,Recommended,222730,8249031,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Light Yagami,Really great game for relaxation!
,Recommended,222730,8277296,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,B&W,"Masterpiece, one of the best on 2013/"
76561198027580754,Recommended,222730,8353448,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,rogerexplosion,Interesting concept and fantastic execution. I have invested a bunch of hours into this game and enjoyed every one.
,Recommended,222730,8419189,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hoderi,"A simple to start game, click your giants here grow this put that bit of animal there and lookie people!  Of course nature isn't simple but with the help of your 4 gods you can shape the villages and planet to grow.  Grow to slow and projects don't get build and your village become unhappy, grow to fast and they become greedy and will attack you.  Striking a balance is the challange here.  With only a couple of villages that's easy to go but when you're trying to manage 5 or 6 things can quick run away from you and before you know it Treerun is being over run by the neighboring village and POOF away goes your hard work.There are 3 time settings for the game 30, 60, and 120 min games.  Each one unlocks after the other along with additional resources that you unlock through the achivements in game, which can be a bit annoying as you're trying to figure out why they wont grow the damn hemp you want... but in time you'll unlock and enjoy the journey.While I wouldn't have picked up this game for the normal 10 bucks it was a steal for 2.50 and well worth the time put into is so far.  Manage your villages, your abassadors and the land around you and you'll shape the planat to your will."
76561198066680593,Recommended,222730,8432318,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Frostosaurusx,"Reus is an amazing game, it will keep you on your toes until the very last second of your era."
,Recommended,222730,8452531,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,draco_232,"Gloriously frustrating. For people who want absolute control on their god games, this isn't for you. If you like a puzzle and don't mind occaisionally yelling at the computer ""No stupid villagers, don't do that"", this is a game for you.Reus has simple mechanics which combine to make an elegantly complex game."
,Recommended,222730,8466805,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Darkeriossss,"Super game for logical thinking. Just reccomend. Seriously, buy this game and try it."
,Recommended,222730,8485311,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,The Mojo Flow,"There is one major issue with this game, but I will get to that later. The visuals of this game are stunning, and the mechanics are very straight forward. The game, and its tutorials, do a very good job of slowly introducing you to the concepts and then letting you gain control of them yourself. In addition, the individualization for each Giant and what you can accomplish is vast, allowing many different styles of play and adaptions to the game. The major issue, however, is that the text box is very small and hard to read/follow, deterring many from even playing the game. If you can deal with this issue, this game is definitely worth the buy."
76561198056177694,Recommended,222730,8528517,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SentientDecay,"short play time allows you to play differently each time. lots of achievements, so you're never at a loss for ideas. i have played 46 hours so far and will continue to do so. well worth the price."
76561198042993161,Recommended,222730,8541815,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Heartybarbeque,"A gentle paced strategy game. Start by building mountains, forests, swamps and oceans. Add animals, plants and minerals then tweak, improve and transmute to make your world more productive. There is a lot of exploration to see what works (sometimes not terribly intuitive but that's ok) the fun in trying new things and changind your play strategy. Before you know it you've sinked in 10 hours and it feels like you've barely scratched to surface of what is possible."
76561198046039609,Recommended,222730,8582453,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,joe_haynes98,Really great game with a great depth of gameplay.
,Recommended,222730,8264969,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Grimnir,Simply Amazing....
76561198036946492,Recommended,222730,8371162,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Myli,A really fun game if you like taking care of people. It is a great game for killing time too! ^^The artwork is pretty and ageless. lots of pretty colours :) And the game is really challenging if u want all the achievements.It's definetly worth playing imoCheers
,Recommended,222730,8427458,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Phoenix,"Nice game, simple complicated :)"
76561198013146169,Recommended,222730,8428692,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lord Badass,"Reus is awsome, anyone who enjoys sandbox style creativity games like Terraria, Minecraft, Starbound and the like will love this game.  Has kind of a Populas feel to it for those that remember that far back.  Highly recommend it."
,Recommended,222730,8441575,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shutforever,"Interresting concept, very good game!"
,Recommended,222730,975612,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Fjordus,"So far I really dig this game.  Good strategy, and a fresh take on the genre."
76561198370817985,Recommended,222730,35314764,Posted: 29 September,all,zachdebest,"This game is so fun! i refunded it at first but then i wanted to keep playing it! its so addicting i could play 5 hours straight!Soo, i want you to try it out for yourself i played it because of kwebelkops!<--- watch his video"
,Recommended,222730,8391227,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KONOPA_2110,"Rock-paper-scissors mechanics are incarnated in Reus at its best. Here are different kinds of plants and mines and animals and fishes and else and else and else — things that you fill up your little planet with; they must be combined in different ways to cause various reactions that define the vector of evolution and development of every individual village under your control. Villages that grow strong want more and begin wars, villages that are weak are useless for your overall prosperity. Trying to gain some points of prosperity, you balance between stagnation and greed. Your will materializes via Giants — creatures with its own set of abilities. The more you learn about different kinds of in-game connections — the better your skills and score are. And it's always so exciting to find out that your new ideas work well.Addictive. 85 out of 100."
,Not Recommended,222730,35443908,Posted: 3 October,all,Blaithe,"I like the concept, the art, and the ambience.The problem with this game is it just really isn't as captivating as it sounds. You should feel like a god, and whilst you play from the role of one you really don't feel like it.It is a interesting game for sure, it just wasn't as reveting as I hoped."
,Recommended,222730,8327019,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,panpizza5,Very cool game its a realy fun game if you just want to wast some time. 10/10
76561197977573245,Recommended,222730,15708513,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Hans Yolo,Very fun and replayable game.
,Recommended,222730,1462210,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,[m00] insane_eon,"The giants have awoken.You are the planet. It's you. You have awoken four enormous servants to do your bidding, and make the surface inhabitable while driving the humans who come to live there to ever-greater heights of development.This is a strategy game.At its heart is what is a little like a logistical card game. By having your giants place ""patches"" of various kinds, they synergise with other kinds to give various bonuses to production, which are used by the villages to complete random projects. Goals are given by the 'developments', which map directly to achievements and unlock extra improvements. They range from relatively simple, such as 'have a forest village with X prosperity"" to quite difficult, such as ""get a village to X prosperity using only mines"".  It's quite slow-paced, but the time limits and your villager's whims can make it quite tense."
,Recommended,222730,17616862,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Ethird,"An interesting game, at first it starts off a bit simple, everything all easy and basic. But after a few rounds, I quickly felt like there's quite a bit to be mastered in order to play this game at a fun and smooth progressing pace. A nice chilled game but it has its shares of needs for that focus."
,Recommended,222730,20123666,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,An average person,This game presents a ton of challenges to to complete and am one of those who to unlock everything and it is really my friend recentlly bouught and liked it and it is easy to understand and play
,Recommended,222730,20795434,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,MrK,"Great game.  I really like the reversal from building, to suppling the materials to build.  It's a nice little change and role change for this type of game.  I have only small amount of hours in and I still find the achievements difficult and fun to advance further."
,Recommended,222730,9103556,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Greeno300,This is a good game...
,Recommended,222730,8621797,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Elidas,"It seems simple, but if you like strategy resource management games this is your game. Toooooo many combinations, I really like this game"
,Recommended,222730,16507942,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,819Gaming,Wonderful casual god game thats mechanics are simple enough to learn on your first run.
76561198041920230,Recommended,222730,8150676,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Saltpork,"Nice simple world builder, worth the sale price."
76561198082069507,Recommended,222730,14701715,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,starwarclon,a Game were you create a world with your creations demanding to much from you
,Recommended,222730,14439522,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Amdanlik,"Reus is a nice, chilling game with an awesome OST."
,Recommended,222730,8656501,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Stea.mPunk Bob,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PAgkz7KhssA very nice spin on the god game genre... but you may need to keep its wiki open so as to not get completely lost.
76561198133209106,Recommended,222730,13919374,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Magnolia,"Nice game, with a twist of creativity and complexity :)"
76561198344950479,Recommended,222730,32838700,Posted: 26 June,all,tung.box1,"This game is suitable for kids, not adults. Easy gameplay, something (the environment) to learn about.However, I am an adult. As an adult, I feel this game is boring. I intended to refund, but I changed my mind. 2 USD is a little way to encourage the developer. This game is based on a nice concept, but you should spend more effort to make this game interesting."
,Not Recommended,222730,8659942,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MyopicMuppet,A good concept for a game but would probably be better on a phone or tablet
,Recommended,222730,9142565,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,jdonftw,"In Reus you control four giants who all have their own unique abilites to affect the planet. The goal of the game is to create prosperous villages. Prosperity is gained by having the giants create animals, plants, and minerals for the villages, which in turn give food, tech, and wealth. Sounds simple, right? Wrong. To maximize prosperity, you need to take into account symbioses and transmutations. Both of these concepts take a while to get the hang of and use efficiently (at least for me). And if a village becomes too prosperous, they become greedy and will attack other villages and even the giants. This creates a whole new facet of gameplay, leading you to put the village in danger, take away resources... or even destroy the village. Each giant can create a different biome, meaning each village you create can evolve differently.What I find interesting about this game, as an avid achievement hunter, is that achievements (developments) must be obtained to progress in the game. Earning achievements unlocks new game modes, resources, projects, etc. If you aren't a fan of achievements, you may find this annoying. Well, earning these achievements actually acclimates you to the game, and gives you the chance to experiment differently every time you play. I find myself planning each game I play in advance in order to maximize achievement gain.To those who say the game is boring and repetitive, yer doing it wrong. The ability to have villages develop differently every time you play creates massive replay value. My advice: buy the game. If it's too expensive, wait for a sale. But either way, I suggest you give it a try."
76561198035110712,Recommended,222730,10584575,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jen,...
,Recommended,222730,12624946,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Dubiish,Good strategy game if u have some free time! I recommend :)
76561198007571248,Recommended,222730,7796711,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Crazy Panda,it is an awesome and neat game it is hard to master but yet simple if u have the money do it worth the time to play it
,Recommended,222730,26468646,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,This game is pretty innovative and fun.
76561198036364430,Recommended,222730,8466419,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SeñorSugarDaddy,This game is pretty good and has a decent art style
76561198035203623,Recommended,222730,8527652,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pent,best game ever 10/10
76561198043329181,Recommended,222730,8257648,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Strength_Beyond,"Reus is of the most fun I've had with a game in a while. From combinations, to seeing your Villages thrive, to having to do the wrong thing from the right reason. I expect have many more hours to come from this game.9.5/10"
76561198082609739,Recommended,222730,8534251,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Yrvani,This game is quite addictive. Good for memory and logic!
76561197972343644,Recommended,222730,21161740,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Scraw,"Really innovative and fun little strategy game here. A lot more depth to the resource management system than I initially expected. Best three bucks Ive spent in ages (Yay Steam sales!).  Heck, I enjoyed it enough to write this review, and I'm usually way too lazy to review anything."
76561198008370133,Recommended,222730,22149395,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,stblade,"Have been playing this game for a while after seeing it on a YouTube video.  When it came on sale, I thought I would give it a try.There is a tutorial that explains the game in a short hand version.  Although you will need to try different combinations of plant, animal and minerals to get the best combinations.  Completing projects for the villages will help you unlock other types of plants, animals and minerals. Of which there is quite a bit.The game can become a tedious and repetitive in the beginning, when you still need to learn the different combinations.  The time in the begining rounds is also quite limited until you get to the second level and you have 60 minutes in which you have to complete the different projects.  On the third level you get 120 minutes per game. (Still need to get there)There is also a freeplay option, but this will not allow you to unlock anything or get any of the achievements.  I would only use this when I have unlocked everything.Overall I like this game.  The graphics is nice and the UI is quite easy to use.  I will recommend this game if you like to think a bit, specially when it comes to getting the best combination of plant, animal and mineral."
,Recommended,222730,16614253,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Wince,"Interesting challenge in balancing you land, giants, villages statistics with available capacities and ambassadors in the limited amount of time (30, 60, 120 min).(Available capacities are unlocked as you progress in the achievements list)Also once most of the capacities are unlocked it's nice to optimize a planet in the no time limit mode."
,Recommended,222730,18425129,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Atridas,"First let me address an issue. ""God game"" is not a ""genre"", is a setting. This game is mostly a puzzle game. A design puzzle of sorts, surprisingly simmilar to SpaceChem or other Zachatronics games. You got your tools (the giants) and you try to accomplish some objective, being having some population, a rich civilization, a pacefull, prosperous civilization, etc...And it is wonderfull. I've spend too many hours on this game and still captures me from time to time. Go play it."
,Recommended,222730,31911358,Posted: 22 May,all,Dreamlicker,"Relaxing, gentle on the eyes, gentle on the ears. Addictive to play, easy to grasp, though perhaps lacking in depth (or I've just not gotten far enough in it).Worth the price. Even more worth it on a sale."
76561198024970048,Not Recommended,222730,8287591,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Chiquihuite,"This game offers a charming presentation and approachable core mechanics, giving it the appearance of a marked improvement over other ""god games"".Unfortunately, there are a few major factors holding it back-1. Too much of the game experience is sacrificed for the sake of the whole ""giant"" fantasy. All of your commands feel unresponsive because you have to wait for your incredibly slow giants to move for each order, and then complete a painstakingly slow animation when they get there. This delay adds up and can account for literally 30-50% of your actual time ""playing"" in any given round. The animations are charming and immersive at first, but quickly become a source of frustration.2. The game relies on ""randomly generated math problems"" to create the majority of its depth. Since you have control over the placement of absolutely everything, the only thing in the game that actually poses a ""challenge"" and offers a ""reward"" is the completion of your humans' randomly generated ""projects"". These projects require you to meet certain ""productivity"" targets, and doing so requires you to solve a complex math problem to determine which resource placements will grant you the correct symbiosis/specialization benefits to meet the target.Because of the way the ""Ambassador"" system works for unlocking your giants' powers, you have very few options early to solve very easy problems. Then later on you have tons of choices, but usually ONLY ONE RIGHT ANSWER, or possibly no answer at all depending on how you slotted your Ambassadors.Math problems are tolerable once in a while, but it's the hallmark of a ""god game"" that you get to make lots of ""fun"" choices that really tailor your world and your experience to match your own playstyle. Reus offers none of that.3. The initial experience does a good job of guiding you through the basics, but then the game throws you at a wall of ""achievements"" that you have to complete to unlock additional ""choices"" (Possible solutions to the aforementioned math problems). Your initial set of choices is very limited, so naturally the goal is to complete these ""achievements"" ASAP.These achievements are all very similar and can generally be completed at a rate of 6+ per game if you do your math well. But then you move on to the next set, and it's all the same challenges with bigger numbers. Get 600 Prosperity. Ok now 1200. Ok now 2400... It's really just completing longer and longer games and bigger math problems, and no other twists or challenges added in.I would have much rather been presented with a series of carefully crafted and themed ""challenges"" with specific goals that all feel distinct from one another. If you ever played ""Sim Earth"" back in the day and did, for example, the Mars/Venus terraforming challenges, that's what I'm talking about.--ALSO: There's a major bug where your Forest Giant can get ""stuck"", and the only way to fix it is to Save/Load your game.All in all, it's clear that the developers put a lot of effort into this game, and it was a very fun and polished experience until it started feeling repetitive about ~3 hours in. I would recommend spending a few hours with it if you can get it on sale, but I wouldn't consider it worth the full purchase price."
,Recommended,222730,25267178,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"An interesting little game, a sudo building and empire kind of game. It has alot of progression unlocks that feel nice to achieve. Fun, slow, interesting."
,Not Recommended,222730,8719000,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,St0l3n_ID,"Even thogh i dont recommend you might like it.God-game with very unique controls and ideas. You only give certain commands and your tribes will form and build upon their self, the game has a huge variety of things to achieve, and allowes for a lot of replays to get a lot of different types of civiliztations/tribes to exist.The only big complaint is that it becomes rather slow at a certain point and the beginng is prett much the same most of the time. Also sometimes you aim for a certain goal and the civilization might juts not go into that direction.If you like the genre, give it a try, or maybe watch a lets play first.I presonally stopped playing because of the overall pace of the game.'nuff said."
76561198073745162,Not Recommended,222730,9916585,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,MightyManGamer,"Very popular and interesting game in theory.  Great graphics and animations.  But VERY limited in game-play options.  You can basically make 4 things happen.  Land up, land down. Forest, or swamp.  And then you make animals, plants, minerals.  And that's it!  It took you 30 seconds to read this, and it will take you less than 5 minutes to do everything you can do.  Very boring."
,Recommended,222730,29402592,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"A simple, charming god game / sim. Not as complex as most of the civ sim games out there, but has enough depth to sink your teeth into and spend a few good hours."
76561198081826528,Not Recommended,222730,29839770,Posted: 10 February,all,pikapika,Big Meh... Classic god game like populus is far better than this.
76561197968331161,Not Recommended,222730,11389383,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Danger,"While this game was welll programmed and well thought out, I just found that I was totally bored while playing it.  This comes from someone that likes strategy and thinking games."
,Not Recommended,222730,8244923,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Darknuke,"This game was somewhat deceiving (though when I say that, I don't mean that in an entirely bad way). The game is barely what I'd consider a strategy game. It's much, much more closely a puzzle game. You basically are mix and matching different pieces of life that synergize with each other to complete objectives. It's almost like those element combining games mixed with Tetris, since you don't have much room to do all this. When I think of strategy games, I think of games like Civilization, Starcraft, DOTA 2, etc... This game even looks like an RTS meets simulation game by the videos and screens. But like I said, it's much, much more puzzle-like. I did not even remotely feel like I was playing with a simulation or strategy game. There's supposed to be some combat between villages, but I never got that far into it. I just wasn't having enough fun to do so.If you like space management, puzzle games, then you would probably find enjoyment in this, but I like deeper, more accurately described strategy games, so I can't recommend it."
76561198019299559,Recommended,222730,11941438,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,tenente_kage,Great game! Highly addictive and with a simple yet amazing grafic. The system of unlockable resouces will make you cry for more :)
76561198098158197,Recommended,222730,10603419,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Alpha Killer1001,Pretty cool game keeps me busy :)
76561198045446129,Recommended,222730,8241894,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MÍLÆS,SwampMonsters are Awesome
,Recommended,222730,10880561,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tamsin,"This game is as close to perfect as I have played. I seriously would reccomend this to anyone who likes games like SimCity 3000. It's a little annoying when a project focuses on resources you haven't specced into, but it's a rare occurance"
,Recommended,222730,10889648,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Leviathan ☆ CSGO & More! ☆,"The farther in game you go the more fun it gets, worth the 2$ right now :) i would even pay 10"
,Recommended,222730,10631760,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Kaytrimus,Beautiful and creative.
76561198222215884,Recommended,222730,17119549,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Right leg of the forbidden one,"Loved it, great game 10/10 would game again"
,Recommended,222730,12164335,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Trip Fisk,"Don't buy it. Reus is the name of an ancient time devouring monster. All done within the first 24 hours after purchase. Yes, I played almost 80 hours within the span of 24."
,Recommended,222730,8330526,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheGoldenChild,"I havent played this game very much but, for the price i think its extremly worth it"
,Recommended,222730,12419034,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,JdawgPdawg,"This game is fun, and definitely worth the money, but sadly theres such a finite amount of things to do, once you do them all it's like what's the point. I do recommend it but theres so much more it couldve done. Maybe a Reus 2 is in the future or maybe some dreaded DLC will be available. Either way i'll be hauling out the old wallet to buy it."
76561198160999481,Recommended,222730,30338834,Posted: 5 March,all,[ Coming Soon ],Great game.I love all giants but i need one more giant.pls make SNOW GIANT!!!
76561198147899819,Recommended,222730,16537741,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,h0hf3l,I had 19 games.Bought reus.I have 20 games now.I was addictet with prison architect.Installed reus.Never turned back to the 19 games.The end
,Recommended,222730,10777988,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TrulySalty,6:32 PM - DUCK: I made oil and then the people mined it6:32 PM - It's Paisley.: 11/106:32 PM - DUCK: hahahahaha6:32 PM - It's Paisley.: Game of the Year.
,Recommended,222730,3343603,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Derpson,"Amazing game out of nowhere.  Probably the best god sim to date. You have to carefuly plan the development of your planet. Be too genereous and your people turn into self-entitled jerks and ruin everything you made. Be too repressive... well i don't need to explain what happens in this case. Gameplay is very challenging (in a good way) and very diverse. Tons of different combinations of land/flora/fauna development options. Buy it, totally worth its pricetag."
,Recommended,222730,7476184,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,inneedofnap,"As far as ""god games"" go this is one of the better ones that I've played.  I more than got my money's worth out of the game, I'm just sad that some of the late-game play mechanics are so unforgiving; in a game that requires you to grind, you don't strip the player of his achievements."
,Recommended,222730,8171086,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Eudanil,"If you like strategy games then this is worth a look. In Reus you need to have your timing right, as with aiming to meet achievement goals to develop to the next stage in the game. You are in charge of four giants, which create the environment that your settlements of humans live in. Will you develop your environments for the settlements to hunger for war, or live peacefully?"
76561198040581194,Recommended,222730,9110838,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Arby,"Would be good, But it is one of these games which will not run on my computer. Says that the graphics are too good"
76561198068486799,Recommended,222730,17616544,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ndybandstra,it's a fun game (even if your people keep attacking eachother)
76561198073583667,Recommended,222730,23507134,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Fourcoogs,"-I decided to make one big desert village-village is made-village decides to become trader-I am happy-Nomad wants to make new village-""ok, I can have two big desert villages""-other village wants to be trader-I am perfectly fine with that-*another nomad appears*-FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF! WHEN WILL THE VILLAGES STOP??????????????????????-""Ok, i'll make your stupid little village, but you won't be messing my desert village, got that?""-I make an ocean next to the desert village-Desert turns into forest-holysnapple.jpg-I am annoyed by desert archetecture in a forest-I make forest on other side of ocean-village appears-NOMESSINGWITHMAHDESERT.jpg-forest village attacks desert/forest village-they fail tremendously-*laugh*-they rage and attack me giants-WWWHAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTT???????????????????????-I muck-bomb the heck out of them-Die forest!  Die!-My desert bros who I have protected say""Were going to attack you.""-I say:""You can't do that! I protected you!""-They respond with (in a musical voice):""How 'bout I do, anyway?""-""ALL GIANTS, PRREPARE TO DEFEND THA HIGHLANDS!!!!""-All the shiny [un-]happy people go down in flames-*one village left*-""BURN HERETIC""-Pretty much everyone is dead except my giants-they get sleepy-the world dies-they wake up to make a good and happy world-they make some huge flaming satanic death-pit of a world-nois10/10 BUUURRRRRRRRRRRN HHHHEEERRRIIITTTIIIIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,222730,7879242,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Wh♂♂par,"Reus is far more complicated than it is on first sight. Though that the core elements are simple, and easy, to understand, especially the effects of synergies/symbiosis have to be mastered first so that you can actually dare to build the higher tier projects.The unlock system is simple, complete an achievement, and if it contains a reward you get a new feature on how to upgrade your plants/mines, etc. Each era (or game) is parted into 30, 60 or 120 minutes lengths, which unlock as you progress in levels. There are 3 levels, 2 to earn, which give access to new ressource options aswell.Each giant has different abilities, in addition to their normal powers like planting bushes or other ressources, that become available as soon as this giant takes a certain ambassador onto its shoulders. Those are gained by completing building projects. These abilities give you access to moving ressources around or higher damage values for attacks (which you need to defend yourself, if a village becomes too greedy) or upgrade a ressource with either aspect of science, wealth or food, which are the only three ressources needed in the game. You can have up to four ambassadors on each giant.You can activate different modificators before starting an era, that make gameplay much easier for beginners, but you are then unable to complete higher tier achievements, to unlock the last upgrade stages of ressources. This, in my opinion, adds just the right amount of difficulty. (Yet, I still gained 2 achievements in this alt mode, that were tagged as not achievable in alt mode, cough.)There are five terrain types, consisting of forest/grassland, swamp and desert, with mountains and water/sea being the last two, though there are no villages to be built on either. Village types are, as you could guess, three, habitating the forest, swamp and desert. Every village in the different terrains wishes for different projects, and they also have a main ressource aswell to finish thoseEven though, that the game is cheap, and definitely worth its price, i would really like to see more updates, with more combinations, more natural ressources and upgrades.I hope, that I didn't forget to mention anything..."
,Recommended,222730,13025247,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Alice,Destroy an adorable world with your adorable gods.
,Recommended,222730,12060690,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Sunnyurr,Shut up and listen.This is a game.A nifty game.Play it.
,Not Recommended,222730,12866889,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Dark,A great idea but so slow. Imagine Kerbal Space Program with no time skip feature.
,Not Recommended,222730,8785955,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Satania,"This game has little replay value, limited customization options, and overall is very simple without much strategy.Positives-No glitches. (from what i've seen)-Accurately advertised. (its a cheap game)"
,Recommended,222730,8212878,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Golden Raven,Love This Game its very relaxing really giving the player to destroy or to let people prosper its the dealers choice!
,Recommended,222730,7738156,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NIL0S,"In this god game the planet is your bauble, literally, you can spin it."
76561198045721846,Recommended,222730,8759897,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,' A M I S H,This is a pretty fun and intersting game. Lot's of stuff to complete. Pretty cool.
76561198038393605,Recommended,222730,9906005,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Diogenes,"I'd just like to get straight to the point and say that this is a good game. It's beautiful game with an artistic look, it's a billionaire in replay value, with unlocking certain evolutions with challenges and just over all fun! The only bad side is that it may bore players that aren't patient enough and into god games. I give this a 8/10."
,Recommended,222730,11407318,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Hypo,This game is more fun than it looks. You won't be disappointed with it.
76561198121214156,Recommended,222730,17879506,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,lautric,not a very active game needs about a 30 min to an hour of game play to get you going the game is fun but not recommended if you are trying to find actual game with story
,Recommended,222730,13713750,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Negative Porkins,"If it was up to me, Reus would have won the Ballon d'Or. Great player, 10/10."
76561198048639940,Recommended,222730,8244034,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mugencio,Buy it!
,Recommended,222730,13252006,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Ethahlid,"Beautiful, complex God-game with great positive energy. Start with few species of plants, animals, and minerals, and strategize your way to a world with complex ecological synergies. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,222730,16652916,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,AirBear1,"Not deep or complex, but very calm and enjoyable.More of a city builder game than a god game.Satisfying reward system for both in-match and end-match goals.Simple art combined with slow pace makes for a nice experience."
,Recommended,222730,13710615,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheEmperor,its a cool game that you can play if you dont know what to do for your day!
,Recommended,222730,10425971,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Bird,"I have played quite a few create-a-world games by now, and I still find Reus one of the nicer ones out there. There is a lot of diversity in choices you have and a ton of achievements that guide you into possible goals for your game.You can also choose between having a short game (30 minutes, 1 hour etc) or freeplay (endless game) Which is nice if you want to play one last small game before you go to bed and not find yourself still playing at the time you should be waking up.All in all, this is one of the nicer games I own :3 It seems small but there is a lot more in there than you would think."
76561197994223456,Recommended,222730,21428241,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,General Wok,"It's not a bad game, but the framerate is locked. If you get sim sickness you might want to avoid this one."
76561198088025010,Not Recommended,222730,28482764,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,defender0134,Enjoyable fo a little while. Once you get the hang of it the game loses a lot of enjoyment.
76561198146744999,Recommended,222730,34576327,Posted: 29 August,all,Frank,"Great game, unlocked all achievements in 130 hrs,10/10"
,Recommended,222730,31899980,Posted: 22 May,all,Jeak Ol,"an awesome game, however not a long term playable game."
76561198015104530,Recommended,222730,32761560,Posted: 25 June,all,HoshiSama,Achievements kept me going
,Recommended,222730,2674802,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Shagrost,http://dokole.me/index.php/reus-stan-kamnem-stan-derevom-stan-krabom-stan-tryasinoj-stan-bogom/
,Recommended,222730,25487944,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,NUK3D,"Do you like giants roaming around a planet creating plants, minerals, and animals, creating whole deserts, giant mountains, swamps, forests, oceans, creating massive civilizations, creating rainbow pools, and more? Then Reus shall be your favorite game!"
76561198050338679,Recommended,222730,25505718,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,dr_tuba,It was a little short lived but it was well thought out and I had a good time figuring everything out. I would fro sure recommend it.
76561198110455295,Recommended,222730,33595191,Posted: 16 July,all,YA0NEL,Игра просто супер советую всем купить
76561198063827851,Not Recommended,222730,29520484,Posted: 27 January,all,javierlyam,"It's too much hassle, no objective, HUB size can't be scaled making tutorial tips very difficult to read"
,Recommended,222730,8334019,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mervin,Kanye West isn't a god. I am!
,Recommended,222730,8565459,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Melovinci,"Reus can be summed up as a god game, the first major game published by Abbey Games. But in this game you don’t control a giant benevolent hand, able to squish your people between thumb and forefinger. You control gigantic… giants that wander around your planetoid, manipulating nature and the elements to help create the best possible ecosystems for all the villages that settle there. I’m going to call them titans since every time I play the game, I imagine the guys from Hercules.Reus is very fun and by setting a strict time limit on each game, you don’t get carried away spending hours trying to perfect your planetoid, or trying to perfect a single village… which never happens since they inevitably get too greedy and turn on your, despite the generations of aid you have provided them.For full review, visit:http://icarusreviews.net/2013/11/08/reus/"
76561198027343535,Recommended,222730,8602906,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Lordstark,So addicting! a must have game!
76561198005210685,Recommended,222730,8446227,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tygir,Lots of fun. Yay!
,Recommended,222730,2910325,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Mario Dan,I like a lot this simulation + RTS game. It taked me away from Dota!
,Recommended,222730,25367792,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sports Bra,"interesting god sim if your into those this one is a fairly simple one.  while you try to keep you creatures alive you arent survival dependent and instead its time based so you dont have as much of the hectic and confusing ""why are my people dieing?! WHy aRe MY PEoPLe DIEING o.O?!!?!?!"" its also allot more straitforward."
76561198043384288,Recommended,222730,23807011,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Neesan,"Hours of fun and great value for money game, especially if bought on special. Reus is a sort of puzzle building game (if I can call it that). If you enjoy building/city mangement games you will really enjoy this.Pros of this game:> New items unlock after completing challenges (this happens after completing most missions)> Different play styles can (and should) be used to finish missions> Challenges (which unlock new items once you finish a mission) force you to try different play styles> Gets harder the more you play> Very nice and clean graphics> Unique play style and different to other city buildersCons of this game:> Can be a bit repetetive if played a lot> Some lag when I zoom out of the map completely> The map sometimes feels a bit small, espcially when you reach late game, but I suppose this is part of the game style that the developers chose> No campaign or story line, the game is built around completing a set of challenges"
,Recommended,222730,5444272,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,zinfinion,Black & White done right!
76561198086290458,Recommended,222730,21091539,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Moon Spark,"Good, simple well layed out game. Easy going strategy to fill your time with. 7/10"
76561198044409520,Recommended,222730,10344227,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Daniel Piva,"I do not know why I choose to buy and play REUS.  Maybe it was because since Black and White 1, I always enjoyed “God Games”, maybe because the artwork at the Steam Featured games showed a very neat and colorful game. The fact is that I decided to buy Reus pretty much with the full retail price.  And it was worth it.Right of the bat, let me say this: some people disagree that Reus is categorized as a “God Game”. It is different from the Black and White series (considering by many the gold standard of the genre), or even From Dust, since you don’t control directly a God or Entity.Instead of controlling a God, you have full control of 4 giants. Each of them have different abilities, weakness and strengths. Working together, they  mold a deserted and inhabited planet by terraforming or creating resources. When resources are laid and combined with several symbiosis, human settlers will appear and so begins the journey to transform the once deserted planet into a beautiful and lustful planet, full of civilized beings.Because of the way the game works, it is more like a “resource managing, strategic planning and puzzle solver” kind of game. Since humans can become greed, you can’t give them a lot of resources, or they can destroy the other towns around them. In order to grow and become more developed, the villages need to complete project that demand different kind of resources or pre-requisites. This is the main objective of the game: give humans enough resources to complete projects, but don’t let them become greed. KnowEvery game run is a 30 min, 1 or 2 hours Era, in which you will need to accomplish several achievements to unlock new resources and new projects. The game is very achievement and objective oriented, although you can “Free Play” it just for fun. The good part is the achievement fits very well with the game mechanic, you don’t have to go out of your way or grind and do repetitive tasks to get them. Your drive to have more resources, more prosperity, more projects is enough to motivate you to keep going. When an Era finishes and you start a new one, a brand new deserted planet will be generated and you and your 4 giants will start form scratch.The game artwork and soundtrack are both amazing! I do have the soundtrack in my Spotify right now, for example. It is worth to listen to it by itself. The artwork is extremely well done, colorful and beautiful.I liked this game so much that I dedicated several hours of my free time to translate it from English to Brazilian Portuguese, in a community effort. When I was playing it (now I achieved everything and did everything I wanted to do), it overshadowed several AAA+ games that I have in my Library.Unfortunately, I don’t think there is a patch, DLC or Expansion on the way. The game is what it is. The Devs said time again that they think it is better to do a brand new Reus game them tweak on it gameplay right now (and I agree with them).Also several people reported technical difficulties, mostly Mac users. The bright side is that the Devs are present (even on Steam Forums) and always try to solve the problems at hand, with good results sometimes.Overall, this game is worth it. It is a extremely well made game, fun to play and challenging. If you see it on a Bundle (it is on Humble Bundle sometimes) or a good offer, consider buying it!"
,Recommended,222730,16707335,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,BortyTheBort,"Here is a summary of a game I played (Free Play Mode)Starting off.I have decided to make a huge desert city,I shall build it into a metropolis!15 Minutes in.Made a trade post!30 Minutes in.Gonna make a minor village,a forest just past a mountain45 Minutes in.The minor village is growing at a rapid rate,faster than the desert city did,and im struggling to build a bank for the desert city too1 hour in,The forest city is huge! It`s already the same size as the desert city!1 hour,15 minutes in.Another village has settled across the water,in another part of forest,it has become a fishing village and is actually a good size,growing at a rapid rate but not as fast as the other city did1 hour,20 minutes in.The desert city has just become EXTREMELY greedy after i put a tree down that gives out 100 FOOD,they`re declaring war on everyone,and im constantly having to muck bomb their armies1 hour,25 minutes in.Because the desert city has lost all of its armies,its lost all protection too,and it`s getting eaten up by dangerous and absolutely terrifying...MARTENS!1 hour,30 minutes in.The desert city has been destroyed,I removed the tree but its too late,the two forest cities have become massive,even though I had been trying to make the desert city the big cheese the whole game,but now I have two big cheeses :D10/10 so much drama"
,Recommended,222730,8707937,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,KartGaming,"A charming and interesting God-game, you'll have a lot of fun for a few hours taking care of your villages while trying to maximize your abilities. Gets increasingly challenging as you build more towns, so use your giants wisely!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNkDTExkdwM"
76561198087979217,Not Recommended,222730,11539654,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,KnightGalavant,"As much as I tried to enjoy this game, it's not my type. It may be possible that other users find this game enjoyable, but for me the slow gameplay, limited choices, and no story left me unsatisfied. Reus tried to be a great game, but sadly, it failed to present itself as such.Rating: 1/10 (10%)Achievements: 15/123 (12%)Game Done."
76561198036543562,Recommended,222730,12459299,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jerjerlong,Fun game
,Not Recommended,222730,12340320,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Palypso,"The game is more about balance than actual creation. When I saw it, I assumed it was a civilization-builder of sorts, but its really more of a game about maintaining global equilibrium. Playing Reus is comparable to playing with a scale, always trying to keep it balanced, while constantly adding to it. While this may sound enjoyable, it never really goes beyond that, and to be honest, it gets old fast."
,Not Recommended,222730,9763173,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,mightyoldfag,"Graphics are gorgeous and gameplay mechanics seem cool... the world just isn't big enough it seems. The game also pressures you to do things or the civilizations will attack you. Not really sandboxy, I wish I could just have a huge world and watch the world as it enters wars and their cities get bigger than a 2 camp tents..."
76561198064020140,Not Recommended,222730,14493201,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Never Cry Shitwolf,"When it comes to Reus, the game is very one dimensional in gameplay and gets old quickly. It is peaceful and cute but there are man other games out there that are peaceful and cute that don't simply rely on that, they have gameplay that is stimulating and engaging. Reus is a game that forces you to be slow, not one that lets you. Plus, just when you think that you have a nice city and you think about building another one, one of your cities develops greed and declares war on another village. You like both those cities, but now, you must let one be destroyed or destroy the other with your giant rock monster. I just didn't have the patience for this game. It's just a sandbox game that is too limited and structured.4/10"
76561198088630223,Not Recommended,222730,24215997,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Dan the Man,"I initally picked this up expecting a god game. Do not be fooled like I was; this is a puzzle game, and a slighly dull one at that. The visuals are charming, but nothing about the gameplay really sucked me in."
76561198047006155,Not Recommended,222730,21041779,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,machina22,Not really as enjoyable as I was hoping/expecting. The giants concept is great - in fact the blurb at the top of the Steam page sounds amazing - but the reality is just a bit... bland and boring.
76561197974085922,Not Recommended,222730,19510035,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Khorne,"It's a fun little sandbox but I can't see getting very much entertainment out of it.  Worth looking at over someone's shoulder for five minutes, but not much more than that.  The ""game"" consists of doing the same thing over and over while unlocking achievements."
76561198119782159,Not Recommended,222730,16592607,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lessieal,"Beautiful ArtIdea is a good one . . .But sadly it's a boring game.  I tried to hang in there to see if it gets better later on before realizing I have other games that I would easily enjoy more.The giants take forever to walk somewhere.You feel a touch limited on what you can do and instead of being created you end up feeling stuck doing what the villager's ask instead.   I wish I could recommend it, but I really can't."
76561197992288017,Not Recommended,222730,16226021,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Snooch,Terrrible. Looked like it might be good on the store page. I hated it immediately upon starting playing.
76561198252573174,Recommended,222730,22527166,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,[ASC]?? SuicideSheep,make it vs or coop
76561197995773863,Not Recommended,222730,16853388,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Xelotath,"This game is marketed as a city-building god game, but ends up playing like a poorly executed puzzle game.  You have to place plants and animals near each other to create synergy, but you have to initially place things without knowing how they'll interact because the UI does an awful job of communicating what will happen.You end up spending most of your time replacing things because it turns out you should have build it 1 space over.  Imagine doing a jigsaw puzzle with your eyes closed, your hands (the gods) moving at a snail's pace, and every time you place a puzzle piece, you have to wait a minute before you can move it.  And then, before you can even finish the puzzle, the timer runs out and deletes all your work.The game fails to deliver satisfying, intelligent gameplay, has absolutely no depth whatsoever, and within a couple hours you'll have experienced everything it has to offer."
76561198043304241,Not Recommended,222730,9651784,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,No Ragrets,Quite the boring game with confusing mechanics that aren't well explained in the tutorial. Would not recommend.
,Recommended,222730,12841755,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Gay Witch Cyrin,Its a good and cute game for $10 ~
,Not Recommended,222730,8495505,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Good Morning Vietnam,"Don't buy if you don't have a ""state-of-the-ark"" computer because it will not load and your money will be wasted."
76561198009955922,Not Recommended,222730,13279426,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dylonikus,Repetitive. Unique but not somthing i can get into.
,Recommended,222730,25398653,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,dead_inside,Help your people grow so they can get big enough to attack eachother... then kill them all with fire :)
,Recommended,222730,23927530,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Moo,"This game is absolutely phenomenal, great in a large amount of aspects but it does have a lot of issues, such as the game being abandoned by its developers, basically becoming an experience where you just have to game the system as much as possible to get maximum efficiency.Good for a time-waster and for some fun for a short while. But don't expect the most in-depth experience. I suggest buying it a sale or something."
,Not Recommended,222730,19021217,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Special,"Reus is a bad game that's bunch of random concept thrown haphazardly in without any care about how they fit together. Resources are just colored spheres that don't do anything other than meet arbitrary demands for various demands the villagers randomly give you. You have no control over what the r****ded chimps you watch over will decide to build or where they will s*** their worthless buildings. So good luck trying to accomplish your goals which depend completely on villagers a) deciding to build the right building b) getting the right goal/bonus for the building they build c) that they don't drop the building in middle of your tree chain and thus ensuring that you will accomplish absolutely f*** all during this game because without the synergy chain you have zero f***ing chance of collecting anything.You would think that villages would require food to grow and other resources would fill other needs and thus guide the villages' development but nope, the dudes are happy to eat Wealth and Science and grow big. Or that the villagers would build the extra buildings depending on what resources they have at hand but nope, Food/Science mountain village will always build that Tax Office that you already have all achievements for and scream that they need f***ton of wealth !!STAT!, Wealth/Science forest village will build Granary without fail and who knows what the f*** swamp villages build, they live in swamp so they are probably actually r****ded.There's also really no other gamemode than timed Sandbox, during which you try to accomplish achievements which give you access to more buildings, which do basically the same as old buildings except better so when your r****ded villagers demand five thousand more red spheres and also two thousand blue spheres, you can look at the last free plot you have free and then check your build options:a) You have the required advanced building - Congrats, a winner is you! Have your giants squat that pile of rocks out and collect your savings.b) You don't have the required advanced building - Ignore that s***ty little village that will never progress more and give you the achis you despair for, pray for better RNG next round.There's also the hilarious game mechanic where, if the resource source sits on blessed ground, it will have chance of jumping into SUPERADVANCED when you upgrade it. PERCENT CHANCE. Some of the building goals basically require you to get these sources, so you will be spawning, blessing, upgrading and demolishing sources for a while. Good luck. The giants also have cooldowns on their skills, probably to f*** you over at this because they also lumber around slow as all f***. Enjoy watching your morons slowly roll around and scratch their asses while you wait for something to finally happen.This also brings up the upgrade mechanic, where the good stuff is locked behind Village Ambassadors. Help village build a building and they'll let one of your giants to pick up an ambassador, who gives THAT giant the Aspect of Forest/Swamp/Mountain. In practice this means that you first try to desperately see into future to figure out what Power you are going to need to complete next building and then figure out which of your giants has that Power. Did I mention that all the upgrades and powers are split among your four giants basically randomly? Having all buttons spread between four different a***oles allows you to wonder who had that power you need now and then remember it's on the worthless crab that's still at the bottom of the sea. Now watch him slowly waltz around the whole world to get to where you need him.Overall, my time playing Reus was split between, waiting for cooldowns to come off, waiting for giants to drag their asses to where I need them, wondering why my villagers are so r****ded and wishing I was playing a better game."
,Recommended,222730,13807058,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RID,need more giant
76561198071967791,Recommended,222730,31914859,Posted: 23 May,all,RandyFoo,Really excellent game (especially paying only £3 for it!)
,Not Recommended,222730,10913334,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Metal Gear Salad,"Good initial promise and nice art-style, but overall it's very similar to mobile games like Farm-Ville, with tons of unnecessary and boring down-times in between progression I could only recommend this if you have a lot of patience and it gets another 75% off sale. Feel very disappointed because I was looking forward to this one."
,Recommended,222730,21581744,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Slav Hardbass + Semechki,"Really funWhen i first saw this game it looked like the best god game everi spent some time thinking should i get this gamesome negative reviews put me offi then bought itit was fun at first then i got a bit worried as the deadline for refund was coming closei thought about the stuff i already sawand thought it wasnt worth the money so i getting a refundduring that i thought why not play another 30 min game cuz why noti then saw the full pottential of this gamethis isnt an epic god game where you can feel the true power of being omnipotentthis is a peaceful game of balancing out the tiny humans needs and helping them prosper and the thing that defines as as humans greed and our relentless fight to survive and prosper even if it means harming the ones around usyou have 4 giantsocean ,forest , mountain and swamp giants  all of them create the diffrent biomes of the world oceans forests deserts swamps mountainsyou create plants mineral and animals to  help humans in building projects which help them even more and also give you ambassodors for you that make you strongerachievements in the game are called devolpment and arent there for just show and looks completeing acheivements rewards you with bonuses in game and get you closer to the next level where you unlock the potential for new natural sources and abilites and mechanicsProsA lot of interaction between the humans and the world (in the idea of them affecting each other)The art is nice and fits the game wellCan play short games and long games (have to unlock longer games though)The giants are mortal and can be destroyed by the humansGiants can retaliate back against the humans even destroying themHumans will wage war against each otherConsNot enough diffrence with war in game just same thing over and over againHumans dont interact with other tribes at all unless they waging warThere isnt much interaction with the giants apart from ambassodorsOther stuff i cant think of right nowI reccomend this game to anyone who likes their games a bit slower and not all the time aggression"
76561198007848963,Not Recommended,222730,8685850,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,miiknu,Too many little things that you have to remember all the time.
,Not Recommended,222730,8707005,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,treshaque,"Promising schreenshots, totaly boring and plain when played"
76561198166294786,Recommended,222730,19368016,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,YehonatanPerry12,"WOW ..Just WOWI play this game more then year ,and i love what i seeGG Abbey Games"
76561198146304451,Not Recommended,222730,14193961,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Retro_Snail,"How do you get a refund for the game?, casue I found it quite boring. A better game with the same type of play is Civilization five."
,Not Recommended,222730,14223035,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Dngrsly_Distrbd,Maybe it's just me but this was one of the most slow paced and boring things I've ever seen.
76561197988712031,Not Recommended,222730,21329310,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,[S.T.A.R.S.],One of the worst games I own.  I regret buying this.
76561198072051353,Not Recommended,222730,10001809,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,MosesFPS,"pretty boring, I don't see myself spending hours on it."
76561198003535918,Not Recommended,222730,7893941,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Hu Duuh,"Reus promises nice and smooth design and a smooth gameplay within a game dealing with creating your own planet, helping civilization bloom and beeing able destroy it with your immortal and dandy looking Giants. And honestly, you can do all of that. Awesome, right!?...Well...After playing the tutorial, I got a really bitter taste of dry boredom on my tongue. As a game i wanted to play occasionally (like Binding of Isaac or FTL) Reus feels way too complicated in parts that should not be and simplistic (food- wealth- and tech- symbiosis) in the ones that require more depth (Giant's creation abilities).For a sale price of 3,39€ I do not recommend to anyone. Trust me, watch the trailer and some pictures of Reus, and you got it's best part without playing it."
,Recommended,222730,24451608,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Varia Heimt,"Initially I didn't like this game. It was confusing in the beginning and boring by the end of each era. However now it is a pretty decent time sink (after they added quite a lot of content and fixed somethings). While not an amazing game, it's not a terrible one to pick up on a sale and spent an afternoon or two on."
76561198107096262,Recommended,222730,23826571,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,logyc,Good strategy and puzzle game.Only missing is speed up functionality.
76561197988816198,Recommended,222730,23946435,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Tofurious,I love god games and Terraforming the world to your desires is awesome. The strategy to resource placement is deep.
76561198024872568,Recommended,222730,24169305,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,daigotsumax,"Another gem from Abbey Games. Just after the full tutorial and my first 30 mins full game, I know I will be playing a lot more of this."
,Recommended,222730,8379382,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Popdog,This is a game I got into playing and played it 2 hours straight. It's a very fun game
76561198095714521,Not Recommended,222730,16256747,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,L33tSpeed,"You can beat this game in about 5 playthroughs.I say this because there is no new content, and no major updates.A good game for when you have absolutely nothing better to do,but once you build every village, create every environment...I suppose the game is worth the $10, considering we spend aboutthe same amount of money on a movie that only lasts 1.5-3 hrs.My only problem is that there is no progression really to speak of."
,Recommended,222730,7319725,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,RadKit,"Part Sim City, part Black and White, Reus is a very unique indie God/World Builder game.You controll 4 gods that have the power to create biomes (ocean, forest, desert, swamp, moutain) and minerals that will attract humans to build and expand towns.They expect a lot of the gods, but may become greedy and go to war with each other, or even you.Help the humans complete building projects to unlock more powerful abilities for your gods to better maximize your towns, unlocking bigger and better building projects for even more powerful abilities.While it may seem deseptively low content at first glance the game uses a combo system where just about everything can stack up with something else, mastery is required and learning is half the fun.Wonderful artistic graphics and soothing music make this brain crunching game a lot of fun."
,Recommended,222730,25512672,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mascot,Really enjoyable building game with interesting mechanisms.
,Not Recommended,222730,8586140,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lord Zounds,"Honestly, it's less of a god game and more of a spacial puzzle. After the beginning it boils down to trying to fit various objects together in ways so that their auras overlap with other objects, like some sort of bizarre Venn Diagram. If that sounds appealing, go for it, but it's not very good as a god game."
76561197969749884,Recommended,222730,28326874,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Reus is a deeply complex strategic real time puzzle god simulator. One can get lost in it, which is exactly what I did for many many hours.The art design is beautiful and there is pretty much hundreds of hours of potential. The game pace is soothing and yet interesting at most times.It can get repetitious after a prolonged while of play, but it is fun to get back to it now and then."
,Not Recommended,222730,10085187,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,blackie chan,The Game Takes up WAYYYYY to much card memory. My computer cant run it.I Want a refund for this piece of crap.
76561198001646306,Recommended,222730,24329858,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Galagon,"Gem of a game! Good example of a game that is somewhat lacking in long-term playability but makes up for it with a beatiful visual style and innovative mechanics. Biggest critique is that the game turns from fun exploration in the first part to tiresome fiddling & optimzation in the later half, but it is a great find regardless."
,Recommended,222730,8002820,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Kpt.KittyBucket,This game is really purdy
,Recommended,222730,8033687,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Fugue,"Really nice game to play casually. Sit down, set up a half hour era, and try for one or more achievements. Good mechanics and entertaining gameplay."
,Recommended,222730,4526513,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,☼ Potato Fox,"Games Like Reus don't come along as often as I'd like. Rarley is a god game so simple and full of heart and charm. Playing inviisble giants that roam the world, givng and taking life gives the gameplay more meaning than one would think. The design behind these giants is very totemic and spiritual, and having to pick up devoted followers, or ""ambassadors"" in order to unlock most of thier full potentail makes them seem more wordly as well, a god without followers has little power.Seeing your creations grow, providing for them and occasionally wiping them out gives you a feeling like you've made something, like you've been actually produtive instead of playing a video game all day.My only quibble with the game is a performance issue, You need a halfway decent Graphics card (i.e. one with a brand name like Nvidia or ATI attached) to run the game at the moment due to the engine and the limited staff Abbey Games actually has. Not to say that the potentail for beautiful graphics isn't wasted, Ultra high settings are fantastic and stunning.I thuroughly enjoy Reus and Highly reccomend picking it up, You can wait for a sale if you wish, but in my opinion, it more than earns it's ten dollar price tag"
76561198035098247,Not Recommended,222730,7901417,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,dwinblood,This game looked like it could have potential.   It grew old and stale very quickly.   It does have an interesting artistic appearance.
,Not Recommended,222730,8034949,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Alix,"First of all, I recommend this game only for people who are EXPERIENCED in playing time management and strategy games. I do not recommend this game for people who rarely play them or who aren't used to them. This game is way too challenging for my taste, but it may be appropriate for more skilled players. The impression the videos gave me was that the game was cute and easy going, up until war broke out among the neighboring tribes, but the needs between the villages are so demanding that I could not keep up. I was very over whelmed. I really admire how the tutorials eased you into the gameplay, but it didn't do a good enough job of preparing you for managing multiple things at once because once I got into the actual game, I felt thrown into disorder. The fewer number of villages you have, the easier it is. I tried to limit myself to only two villages, by not giving the requirements for them to spawn. However, regardless of this, they were still popping up! I had to run around maintaining four or five different villages, and I thought it would be easier than that but it just seemed to be too much.The biggest thing that made this game so difficult to me is sort of an infinite cycle. Each village has a project it wants to be built that needs to be completed in a certain amount of time. In order to complete the project, the village needs so many resources (food, wealth, or tech). In order to increase the amount of resources, you have to spawn things like animals, herbs, plants, mines, ect that will yield the desired resource. However, to get enough resources, you need enough space within the village borders to spawn them. The villages will expand their territory automatically over time but after several different playthroughs, my villages expanded extremely slowly and in most cases, they just stopped all together and barely expanded. I simply had no more room to spawn anything else, therefore I couldn't get anymore resources than what I had. Even when I would with apply ""upgrades"" to make the items produce more resources, which are called attributes in the game, I still sometimes wouldn't meet the quota. So with insufficient resources, the time limit would run out, and I wasn't able to complete the projects the people wanted done. This was especially hard when I had four different tribes to tend to who all wanted projects completed. These demands and limitations really restricted gameplay. There's just a lot going on at once in this game that's hard to handle."
76561198017696643,Not Recommended,222730,7773740,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,quetzalcoatl000,"Really boring, i thought this was a true god game. I wanted a game where you shape a world from nothing into a world filled with life and see it evolve into a full on civilization. They should make a game like spore and this and get whatever comes out of that. I do not recomend this game. This is for kids 10 years and younger."
76561198040949046,Not Recommended,222730,7982106,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Trit,"I like the premise of this game-the idea of the multiple giants and the dynamic of using the entire planet. It's a little too overtly new-age environmentalist for my taste, but it has potential. Unfortunately, so far I have been very underwhelmed by the game-play. I'm not exactly sure why, but it's simply not all that fun. I'm going to keep playing it a bit more to see if it will grow on me. I think it's because there is no logical connection between all of the different abilities and upgrades for the giants. It's difficult to choose which path you want to go in upgrading, and it doesn't seem to make a huge difference anyway. If there is a Reus 2 ever-if they deal with some of the gameplay problems, I think this could be a great game."
76561198098022096,Not Recommended,222730,7895566,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,dшaупє,"Initially this game looks interesting. But after realising how limited the actions are and how much you can only expand, this game gets boring."
,Recommended,222730,10891765,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Hopkins Limahl Spellswell,"Really wanted to like this game, but it just gets boring really fast 5/10"
76561197994990440,Recommended,222730,8231105,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,smerl3,very fun god sim
,Not Recommended,222730,9342603,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Krystal Budz,"ReviewPlease note that this is my opinion of the game and you can choose whether you think the game is good or not.I bought the game because it sounded fun, and at first it was fun. It was only fun for about an hour though and then it got boring. It's not a bad game at all, it's just one of those games that you either like it or you don't. It does have some pretty cool features in it such as being able to pretty much control how the world looks and make the villagers happy. If you like simple games with no action and very little combat, and some strategy involved, then this game is for you.Again, you might like this sort of game, but I didn't and I don't think it's a good enough game to reccomend, but it's not bad by any means, just not really good.BugsI didn't notice any bugs at all, but I haven't played it a lot.Overall6.5/10I can't reccomend this game due to how easy it is to get bored with it. Watch some videos about it and see if you would like it before buying it. If the price was lower, I would have bumped the score up a bit, but I feel that $10 is a little too much for this type of game. $5 or less would be an appropriate cost."
76561198025814216,Not Recommended,222730,9463283,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,DEMachina,"Youtube videos are much enjoyable to watch than to play the game itself.Boring, poor graphics and great concept.2 out of 10."
,Recommended,222730,3930048,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Operater,just good 2d fun you can play for hours
,Recommended,222730,135328,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Hemmels,"Very well polished indy game. Quality for £6, worth more than that. Pace is perfect, controls are simple, simple to play, but still presents a decent challenge, and it looks pretty. Steam achieves? Yup. Buy this now."
76561198027975233,Recommended,222730,10877530,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LaZuli,"Reus is one of the most relaxing games I have ever played. Very fun and unique.Definitely a great game for anyone looking for some quiet, intelligent and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,222730,24482556,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The ayylien,so good but if you do not no wath to do you will be wondering like a head less chicen
76561198114299924,Recommended,222730,23360405,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Blacks,"Love the game, love the idea, love the music but hate the help text box. It's so freaking small!!!"
,Recommended,222730,10792143,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,seeraths,"Intense and fun world building, very addictive."
76561198080833647,Recommended,222730,30088290,Posted: 21 February,all,Durgine,"Interesting concept and play.  I plan on playing more, but it's not pulling me back in."
76561198042721051,Recommended,222730,21998023,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,slyfx369,Great game for blowing some time.
76561198032074657,Not Recommended,222730,22171718,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,BigBenBoulevard,Didn't enjoy it. It is very slow at times. I wish there was simply a button to double the speed.
76561198000228298,Recommended,222730,10248114,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,benkill20,Its hard to play but the challenge makes it funner
,Not Recommended,222730,11096056,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,von_Königsberg,"The first few playthroughs of this game are fun as you try to manipulate the world.  Nut after that, it gets reeeaaalllly boring and repetitive."
76561198108279649,Not Recommended,222730,28852974,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,VulesJurne,"Overall, a very compelling, yet shallow game. This may be just me, but i had hoped for deeper strategy elements. If on sale, possibly pick it up. :/"
,Recommended,222730,19474298,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Weaboo Hentai-lord Senpai,I don't understand the goal of this game... Really... Meh.. It's pretty though. :P
,Not Recommended,222730,13726177,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Cereal Killer,"""In Reus, you control powerful giants that help you shape the planet to your will.""Pure BS. Its a puzzle game where you need to ""balance"" stuff out to complete the goal."
76561198031109983,Not Recommended,222730,15120267,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Spice and Wolf,DO NOT BUT THIS GAME.  I can promise 90% of people who read this will get bored of this game in the first hour of this game.  PM me if you are not one of these 90% because I want to see what type of game this game caters too.
76561198053573096,Recommended,222730,16394266,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,wickedweasles,Love this game I can waste hours on it.  Its challenging to get all of the achievments too.
,Recommended,222730,16500558,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Shalandir,"Can destroy your own cities. Cities can destroy you. Symbiotic relationship or tense non-aggression pact?  Each playthrough is different and fun.  Plus, figuring out how to create late-game cool creatures or food supplies is challenging!"
,Recommended,222730,16504966,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Megabear,"Tis a good and interesting game.  Not my cup of tea however so I asked for refund.  If you're into this stuff though, I think it's worth it.  Get it while it's cheap."
,Not Recommended,222730,12967718,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Feinex129,"too grindy,tutorial is not clear  lots of waiting ,add a speed up options"
,Not Recommended,222730,17886105,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sjord,Really a waist of time. Just doesnt have any context to it; it is a game about achievement hunting and if you dont mide that I guess it is not bad. Really pretty but not worth the price.
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,222730,10203464,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Puddle,This game just didn't grab me. The mechanics arent really interesting and the game is kind of shallow. There really isn't a lot to it.
76561198067600253,Not Recommended,222730,8905005,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Cooolio Jims,"A lot less fun than it looked for some reason. -.- I mean it's kind of fun but very limited. It's not that big and open world as you would believe. A fairly linear evolution of tribes and end sequence. I thought it would be like 1 tribe pitt against another backedby different Gods. But it's more like you control a bunch of Gods and make the planet into places where suddenly human tribes started to settle down and build towns and cities. And if they become greedy, they'll attack one another. Then you just simply destroy that aggresive tribe into dust. No real replay value."
76561197979395987,Not Recommended,222730,11831421,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Brutos,good really good but it gets boring preaty fast
76561198094804054,Recommended,222730,11814673,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,hamerode,awesome
76561197995425192,Recommended,222730,1616940,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Meanwhile,"Reus is one of the best god games I've played.  The pace is rather leisurely, but that doesn't mean it won't surprise you on a regular basis!  And for an unlock junkie like me, there's nothing more satisfying than working my way up the tech tree by fulfilling various achievements.  The graphics are not super fancy, but they set the tone rather brilliantly.  And it's nice to have a game where you are (usually) trying to avoid wars instead of start them for a change."
76561198068608724,Recommended,222730,33419282,Posted: 9 July,all,The Captain,"I love this game so much even though it hasnt been changed significantly since release. Great game, gets harder as you go on but that should be expected. Really fun trying to get the new species. Very cool and clever mechanics. Only downside is i wish there was either DLC or mods for this game, like for adding giants or stuff like that. but all in all great game"
76561198097766259,Recommended,222730,15473165,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,The_Milk_Lord,it is fun you are like a god and stuff i recommend this game
76561197993330943,Not Recommended,222730,33561625,Posted: 15 July,all,Banzai,"Not without its charm, but did not grab me."
,Not Recommended,222730,11918543,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Great_Snake,"I really didnt like it, too rough and basic. Felt like a childrens  book made into a videos game."
,Recommended,222730,7997727,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Fetid Rotting Anushole,"It'd be disingenious to call it a God game, but ultimately what it is is a really fun puzzle strategy game that keeps you on your toes and actually involves a decent amount of thinking. An inclination towards good organization and planning is a must, if anything, Reus more resembles a management game than a God game, but what it is is really damn good and unbelievably fun. Lots of personality, fantastic lively visual feedback as your villages grow, and timed missions that separate the game into enjoyable blocks (with an unlimited free mode for those so inclined)."
,Not Recommended,222730,13602428,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ScarrsActions,eh its alright. proply worth 6 dollars if you ask me. boring and not that fun but the soundtrack and art was pretty
,Recommended,222730,33212038,Posted: 3 July,all,Eerily,Fun for a few hours. Buy on sale :)
76561198102907927,Recommended,222730,32885087,Posted: 27 June,all,breakout_x,"Lots of fun, especially for completionists.Due to the short rounds you can play a quick round in between.Could get a bit repetitive on a long run."
,Recommended,222730,33023343,Posted: 29 June,all,MightyBeast43,"This game is extremely fun and has many available hours of play in it. To the devs, I suggest putting a way to speed up time as the game can get boring trying to manage the planet at such a slow rate."
,Recommended,222730,32908941,Posted: 27 June,all,The Emperor,"Reus is a God game by Abbey Games where you have 4 giants whom must have no motivation to imrpove, but still improve the planet for some unknown reason, maybe they just like creating life, whatever the story is behind that I'm sure you'll have hours of fun unlocking creatures and upgrades for your planet. Your goal is to usually reach tons of prosperity, so have fun doing that."
,Recommended,222730,33062848,Posted: 30 June,all,Darkseid,It`s amazing game!
,Recommended,222730,23345403,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Jack The Ripper,"Very unique Indie ""God Game"". I can honestly say i have never played a game such as this. At first few hours the game might not seem like much, but then you start to see patterns on how to play more efficiently and get the challenges done. After playing for 6 hours i have become addicted and i cannot stop playing.The core gameplay : you control giants to provide resources for your civilization. You have to complete challanges in a limited amount of time. If you rush the evolution of your settlement it will become violent and start attacking you and other villages on the planet.pros:1) unique gameplay2) lots of challenges3) good music4) good graphics (just right for this kind of game)5) nice and detailed tutorial.cons:you will spend first few hours getting the hang of the game.(you have to get used to the gameplay)"
,Recommended,222730,16164709,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,♛K1ngpinツ™,"A nice strategy game, like it! :)"
76561198129101111,Recommended,222730,13891215,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,unknown.notregistered,"A very interesting strategy and manipulation god-game to play.It is easy to learn, and very difficult to master. Simple to improve and hard to perfect. Quite the stark contrast as you go through it if you rush too fast, but trust me - it rewards persistence well.A good game I'd reccomend if you want a slightly different take on the whole god-game genre."
,Recommended,222730,10506863,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Portalplopper,"Its a really weird concept and it didnt really work for me. I kept getting lost with each different group of humans and what they were doing. In a sentence, the game moves too fast and your too slow. Im sure its enjoyable for others and it works after all so thats why im recommending it."
,Recommended,222730,8282791,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Greasy Churchkhela,"This is such an addictive game, never boring, rarely annoying. Pay anything under $10.YOU WILL NOT REGRET"
,Recommended,222730,13722268,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Koala,"Amazing game, fun to play!"
,Recommended,222730,34535243,Posted: 27 August,all,-DOOMER-,"This is a very neet game with a great premous.  That said it did not draw me in, and in game felt a bit clunky to control, as such I only played a little bit.  It might have grown on me if I played long enough to lean the game better.  6.5/10, so if this sounds like a good concept to you I would encorage you to play.  If it's just a novelty to you I'd pass."
,Recommended,222730,7748113,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,-AW- Adretheon,"As fun as the game is, there's alot that the tutorial doesn't go over. Really my biggest problem with it. There's plenty of fun ideas, and it gets fun after you figure it all out and play more. I just had a difficult time learning the games ins and outs that aren't talked about in the tutorials.That said, it's still a fun game with a fun concept."
76561197979761120,Recommended,222730,833200,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,XTL5000,Awesome!
,Not Recommended,222730,27696833,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Kloudberry,"I would rather buy ""The Dead Linger"" a second time"
76561198013256647,Recommended,222730,11915205,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Losk Osmanthus 路渐秋凉,It was harder than expected. The game becomes quite intense when players are struggle with their own combination of ambassadors.
,Recommended,222730,12378956,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Grognard_87,"A very fun and beautiful game about starting up life for humans, however you have to keep them happy and at times it feels like Sims 4 where you can't leave your Sims alone ecause they will literilly♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves without your aid.It has a interesting idea to it and I like the use of all the different titans who build the worlds with their raw elements, but some aspects weren't explained, like how to take an ambassador off one and give it to another. It's certainly worth a lot of fun."
,Recommended,222730,1807017,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Euro,"This game is interesting and certainly does make time fly by. You make synergies to your people's wants to make projects that they want and you help them, but if you give too much, they'll want more and if they don't get it, they'll attack."
76561197990028937,Recommended,222730,8630873,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Manaroth,Awesome Game. Available for Linux and Mac. Works well with Windows but still has graphical issues with linux as seen. Quite a simplistic game that anyone can play however getting some of the badges are quite complex. Reccommend to EVERYONE!
,Recommended,222730,11931035,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Monterico Gaming TV,You will get your value for this one. Simple yet sucks you right back in. Review just as the game is short and sweet.
,Recommended,222730,3381611,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Crys3125,"Incredibly addictive little game!  The game play and graphics are fairly simple, which made me sorely underestimate the game itself.  Once I finished the tutorial levels, I couldn't stop playing!  I love that there are timed levels, so you don't play for too long, but also freeplay if you just want to explore."
76561198125536492,Recommended,222730,16581143,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,mandy.saunders,It has an interesing concept behind it.  The art is beautiful and the music is nice to listen to.  I really like that the game has a set time period. It means that you can't unitentionally have the day evaporate on you but it is so much fun to play it probably will anyway.
,Recommended,222730,11294877,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kryyss,Reus is an oddity. On the face of it you'd presume it was a god-game but in actuality it is a puzzle crossed with a strategy game. The worlds you play are more like stages whereby challenges appear and you have to change the resources to meet the goals while attempting to limit how greedy you villagers become as you give them enough to progress to the targets needed for the challenge. As you play you kind of need to plan ahead a little as you can reach a point where you basically end up limiting your options or not really finding the optimum combination of Giant upgrades to suit the challenges appearing in the towns. While I wouldn't recommend this at full price I would certainly suggest checking it out when on sale.
,Recommended,222730,8272218,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Brother Pedro,"This game is great. This game is basically about matching resources and combining bounses to get huge numbers. If you enjoy building improvements and buildings in CiV, then you'll probably enjoy this."
,Recommended,222730,7053234,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,GameDragonZero,"A charming, surprisingly deep god game overflowing with style and personality - and a lot deeper than it may seem.  As The Planet, you control four powerful giants (Mountain, Swamp, Forest, and Water) .  Using these beings you raise mountains, create herbs, sew plants, form oceans, and more.  As people settle you help them out by altering and improving their lands so they can advance as civilizations.  However humans can get greedy  and violent, your giants powers have different effects, and various combinations of minerals, animals, plans, and environments have radically different effects.  Simple to play, it takes effort and attention to master, and there's complex trees of relations and evolution of the environment.  Fun, engaging, surprisingly deep, it's really a good example of game as art AND entertainment.  A must-buy if you like god games."
,Recommended,222730,32839196,Posted: 26 June,all,twomen23,it was great
,Recommended,222730,24725855,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Sarahboev,"I really wasn't sure what I was getting into with this game. I've always been a fan of the ""god games"" and simulation so I thought why not?Its honestly a really fun casual game. I absolutely love the idea of having to work with all the giants to progress. Its pretty fun to see what sort of combos you can get. (I always thought a half desert half swamp village was pretty sweet)I would recommend this to anyone that likes relatively chill time passing games. C:"
76561198054657252,Recommended,222730,24921667,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kjmcconnel,decent little game just the writing is to small to read... great layout and design.
76561198032737920,Recommended,222730,24922215,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,wylkeridge,"Takes a bit to understand, but fun, and different each time so far."
,Recommended,222730,31347272,Posted: 24 April,all,seeashbashrun,"Reus is an enjoyable and unique strategy game. It combines the all-mighty power of 'Gods' with the endless problems of 'the people', providing for a fun and challenging game.Every move in the game is governed by the four possible Giants of the world. By their actions, you may guide human inhabitants into settling, growing, and thriving, or into struggling, agitating, and invading. Human behavior cannot be directly influenced--you have to plan ahead and use your Giants wisely. And while the game is decidedly simple in concept, the execution is brilliant and provides for a complex range of strategies.For game play, there is a nice assortment of achievements and difficulties, and players can customize game play for all sorts of goals and styles. As someone who takes a bit of time to 'grasp' the right strategy for a game, I appreciated being able to figure things out through playing, and being able to take on more aggressive challenges as my skill grew. The bright style of the game also drew me in visually.Pros:-Well executed strategy-Fun balance of God Powers with Human Problems-Simple or Complex Play-Super customizable set-upsCons:-They had bugs for a while that limited play on some systems-Lack of add-ons (though base game is pretty fun)"
,Not Recommended,222730,14581171,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Kamiyama,"This game is really buggy. I had a swamp village that needed 150 science for a druid and I had a total of 92 science boosts from tiles inside the village borders, yet the village was stuck at 72/74 science.I hate the fact that the game requires you to unlock things from timed games. Not my idea of fun. Also villagers attacking giants with spears when they get too prosperous is a really stupid idea.If you are on the fence on Reus, I would recommend you pass on it. Go get something, anything else to play."
76561198093028691,Recommended,222730,33284211,Posted: 5 July,all,Yoqzi,Pleasantly surprised.
,Recommended,222730,9161610,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ow,I AM GOD! 10/10
,Recommended,222730,10963700,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,dande313,"Reus is a simple, yet challenging resource management god-sim. The objective of each era is to help the humans progress as much as possible before the time limit. After each era, if certain criteria are met, additional play modes and resources become unlocked. Be warned, this game can get pretty repetitive. But the unlockable resources mix things up just enough to keep you hooked. The price for the entertainment of this game makes it entirely worth it."
,Recommended,222730,35229138,Posted: 26 September,all,Party Cup,Very Calming and fun. Personally I'd like to see a Mod support for this game. That would be amazing lol. Shape your Ideal world and plunge it into Chaos... Or you could make the world peaceful again by destroying the corrupt village you worked so hard to raise. Your choice ;) (I picked chaos haha)
76561197993002732,Not Recommended,222730,13739679,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ORAA,"A waste of time and money, play Black and White [\b]"
76561198001224064,Recommended,222730,31925741,Posted: 23 May,all,Flynn Zeke,"It is an amazing, lovely game :)"
,Recommended,222730,23508775,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,♜W0LF♜,BUILD THE WORLD
76561198083933901,Not Recommended,222730,21722561,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Finalfate129,"When I first got this game, I thought it was very interesting in its complexity and art style. I still like the art and the concept of the game a lot, but memorizing all the skills from each giant and all the evolution combos is just confusing to the point of annoying me."
,Not Recommended,222730,11923414,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,HappyZavulon,"It's fun for about an hour, but gets old really quick."
,Recommended,222730,3274047,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,MisteriosM,"This is how I hope ""Godus"" will feel like playing. It's 3a.m. in the morning now because I prefaird do watch that tiny people instead of the time.Highly recomend even if you are not the biggest fan of God-simulations. This is worth playing.I love the style and gameplay mecanism, but I NEED a bigger Planet and more time ;)"
,Recommended,222730,18594506,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,WosselWozzel,Aight.
76561198020144608,Recommended,222730,21598647,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
,Recommended,222730,18906780,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,John Madden,"Interesting. Becomes repetitive pretty soon, but it's cheap and have a lot of achievements."
,Recommended,222730,2112516,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,SeeJay,This game is the bees knees of god-games. Give it a try.
,Not Recommended,222730,16952498,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,fide,"the idea seemed great, but the actual game was less than good. it gets really old and boring, theres only so much you can do/control in the game. not worth the money"
,Not Recommended,222730,2580171,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Shortlived,"For a little while, this game is amusing and entertaining; but the frustration of trying to mix and match synergies becomes a little too much like work, and not enough like the casual game you'd expect from this title."
76561197970490080,Not Recommended,222730,16043094,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Longshanks,"Successfully building civilizations in this game requires knowledge of more ""recipes"" than cook, serve, delicious.  It's fun for 2 hours, it's annoying for 6 hours, and then it's quit and never play again and write a bad review for the rest of the time."
76561198032415486,Not Recommended,222730,34872811,Posted: 10 September,all,Hazukichan,"A game with a nifty core concept -as a living planet, nurture your surface and its people through the actions of your avatars, a quartette of diverse and interesting giants. Granted, it's a little Black & White-ish, but that might be mostly coincidence.Where the game falls short for me is in the execution of that concept: You are given the giants, a quick tutorial explaining how things work in the game, and then you're off to play 30-to-120-minute sessions of cultivating life, settlements, projects and the gradual unlocking of your various giants' powers. Sound intuitive enough? ...Yeah... it could have been.But here's the thing: it isn't.For starters, you've got your plants, minerals and animals to keep track of, with two types of each, in two out of three cases distributed between different giants. Depending on what terrain you place something on, it will create a different base object: Blueberries from creating a fruit plant in grassland, elderberries if you use the same ability in a swamp.Then you've got the 'aspects', such as the fruit aspect and leaf aspect, which are used to both increase the output of a resource (or some other characteristic) and to allow you to evolve it into a completely different, though usually more powerful thing of roughly the same purpose: A strawberry plant from a blueberry plant, for instance. These aspects come in different potency levels, and to ensure you get a strong enough aspect for the mid-range evolutions, you need to first use the forest or ocean giants' fertility-boosting abilities. To ensure a strong enough aspect for the really neat stuff, you additionally need to specialize your giants to the point where even in the fairly late stages of the game, you won't have access to all of their abilities, which can become problematic if you suddenly find yourself in dire need of the thing you didn't pick. This happens a lot.From each base plant, mineral and animal, you usually have two options of what to evolve it into; more rarely, one. Which you pick usually depends on what you need: For a village to grant you an ambassador with which to upgrade your giants, you need to help them build increasingly demanding projects by providing them with resources. Again, this sounds fairly intuitive, but quickly becomes convoluted, especially later on; you have a limited number of tiles claimed by the village, and the sheer amount of food, gold or technology (the three main 'resources' humans use) needed for the final tier of village projects is frankly ridiculous. There is no doubt an ideal way to produce the right mix of resources for each endeavor, but you will need to be so mind-numbingly efficient about the exact placement of each and every resource that it sucks the fun right out of the game. Some of the evolutions are incredibly arbitrary; for instance, you might be able to evolve the same advanced fish from either a basic 'exotic' (gold-yielding) fish or 'livestock' (food-yielding) fish, based on which aspect you give them. Not only that, but to get the same fish out of different fish, they must be given different aspects, which means the fish you started with affects which aspect the evolved fish will have locked into it. This sort of thing only further tangles some evolutionary trees that are already very convoluted, and turns resource-management strategy into a sort of chess game where you have to play seventeen moves ahead in your mind...Add to this the very large number of mineral, plant and animal tracks there are to keep track of, and how random some of their synergy properties are (which, as you may guess, are not optional to exploit to the maximum possible)... and we have a memorizing-random-trivia simulator topped with a hefty dollop of obsessive micromanagement, masquerading as a god game about a planet and its giants.I could go on to mention how if you do too well at providing the villages with resources for their projects, they'll get greedy and start attacking each other and eventually your giants, potentially ruining a great deal of progress and/or ending your game early the moment a giant is killed. I could mention how there are two additional 'resources', danger and awe, whose only real purpose apart from triggering or supporting a few oddball synergies is to suppress the aforementioned buildup of greed, generally rather inefficiently. I could go on to say that it's generally not even worth bothering with those, as dangerous animals tend to be hunted down and wiped out by the village, whereupon they will resume their greed buildup, and awe is so ridiculously hard to accumulate significant amounts of that you may as well not bother, especially as you're constantly on the timer to gather enough resources for the next project before you lose a chance at the next ambassador to upgrade your giants with. I could mention that the projects themselves provide bonuses, that there are many projects, and that each project and upgrade stage of a project has its own little selection of potential bonuses; you can never tell just by looking and seeing that there is a market, that the market is providing a given bonus; you have to click on it and read the tiny text to find out what it's selling in this particular instance. And I suppose I have mentioned all of those things... for better or worse.All in all, Reus is a game that could have been fun, cozy, casual, relaxing. As it stands, it is very little of any of those things. Instead it is a confusing mess that I can only recommend to people who are extremely confident in their ability to retain obscene amounts of arbitrary information in their short-term memory, and who find enjoyment in showing off their ability to do so. For those like myself who prefer more intuitive and consistent gameplay patterns where you can just learn some basics, refine your skills and make up your own style of gameplay as you go along, this is sadly not the game you're looking for."
76561198043711616,Not Recommended,222730,13060411,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Peter B Jordanson,"It's a really cool concept, drew me in instantly.Unfortunately there is little to keep you coming back for more. There is a contrived time limit imposed on each round, preventing you from getting very far. Supposedly this artificial constraint should make me want to keep playing over and over? Not me, I got bored instantly. I'd rather play a simple campaign or something - like hopping from one dead planet to the next."
,Not Recommended,222730,23807405,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Dr. Baseball player,"These games I wish there was an in the middle choice.This game is a slow paced game that is really just trying to get people to move in.The game has a lot of effort put into it, but it is not my game, I would want to say no, as I really would to some people, but for me, I really wouldn't recommend it."
76561197992777269,Not Recommended,222730,8344675,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,bread is dead,"The game has a really cool tech tree and art style with lots of different ways to approach the same problem.  Unfortunately, thats the entire game, going up the tech tree to go up the tech tree more.  There is no meta game besides achievement hunting and trying to get a high score.It really feels incomplete, like they had a great idea for about 1/3 of an awesome god game."
76561197976178495,Recommended,222730,19169856,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Jigglypuff,A great world-building sim that can eat away your hours as you customize your own little world.Would fight titans again.
,Not Recommended,222730,8080643,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,kazerniel,"Interesting game, I like the building/optimising concept, but the game as it is now requires too much brain capacity to be enjoyable. There isn't any in-game way to overview all the possible resources, transmutations, aspects and synergies, so the player either has to constantly alt-tab or keep the whole system in their mind to achieve even the medium-difficulty unlocks.Also, even though while advancing through the game the system of resources, transmutations, aspects and synergies quickly become VERY complex, the gameplay itself still stays quite repetitive and shallow with an overwhelming amount of micro-management needed. And players can only unlock more advanced resources by replaying the game over and over again, which just kills any remaining joy over the fresh concept and makes playing a chore. (It also doesn't help that you can only play fixed-length games, so even if you finish your goals for the given game early, you still have to micro-manage your way until the end of the half hour / 1 hour / 2 hours session."
,Not Recommended,222730,10527873,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Jarra,Waste of money imo.
76561198032588515,Not Recommended,222730,12048232,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,4house,"really boring, theres just nothing fun about this game."
,Not Recommended,222730,7641100,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Pendejo Jorge,"I might be a bit unfair to this game but for some reason the game didn't really do a good job of keeping me hooked. I think in terms of design the game is pretty great, but the problem I feel is that scale of the game feels very limited and it didn't boost the content and multiple scenarios to really give it replay value like Civ IV did. Also I really hate the idea of having to unlock techs and♥♥♥♥♥♥like that..."
76561198046539075,Recommended,222730,11917721,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,AlienPreggies,"ADD ME, ILL BUY UR ROCK GIANT TRADING CARDS!!!!"
,Not Recommended,222730,13404189,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Roald Oates,"I like the game, but why is it so short? Seriously, it's a really short game. And it starts off painfully slow, so that by the time you get rolling, the game is already over! The mechanics are unique but get headache-inducing fast.I got this game at a deep, deep discount, and I recommend you do the same if you really want it. It isn't worth 10 dollars, not even close."
,Recommended,222730,34620638,Posted: 30 August,all,USE CODE *KEEM*™™™,Really neat and relaxing game.
76561198005894566,Not Recommended,222730,12394467,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,BoxingBud,"This didn't end up being the game I expected it to be. That's not bad, I could have done more research. What I was expecting was some sort of sandboxy world builder, where you add things and see how their affects spread or change what you currently worked on. Sort of like a ""Mother earth"" game where you call the shots but in the end you are just balancing things out so they work, with little variance. Is that the game's fault? Nope, if you enjoy this you will get a huge kick out the game and the pricetag is good.That being said while I'm not into these games I'll probably go back at some point just so I get my money's worth. It's not worth it to me, so I can't give this a positive review. That being said though if you look at all the reviews in general there's some quality here."
76561197963371090,Not Recommended,222730,8266374,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Crimdal,Decent enough game I suppose but no real replayability or end game. Once you've mastered the basics it's easier then Sim City.
76561198113383140,Not Recommended,222730,8541573,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ajwolfgang99,"Reus is visually interesting but, I exceeding complicated for no real apparent reasons. I played the game long enough to get through the tutorial (which took two tries for me since the game lagged and locked up even though I completed the assigned task) and a few of the ""levels"" afterwards. It reminds of the old Lionshead Studios game Black & White, except terrible, laggy, buggy, and unnecessarily hard. I would advise avoiding this one as the entertainment value and visuals are ruined by the game play itself. Glad I picked this one up for dirt cheap, that being said this game should be a free download since I regret paying money for it."
76561198001807994,Not Recommended,222730,23663063,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Crudux Cruo,"Its fun, its pretty, and its not very well thought out. let me explain:You basically have to use these 4 elementals to terraform everything. you upgrade land plots, a leader pops up and gives one of your elementals a special ability of your choosing, you have to assign evenly.  sounds kind of cool right?Yes, but...The more and more people grow, the more and more their demands, demanding upgrades. the problem is, depending on where the villagers randomly and permanently plant their village can mean the difference between having enough land, or ruining your game. you cannot tell villagers to move, they always stay in the same place, and... get this... if you DO manage to do enough to help a village grow, they turn into ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and start killing your other healthy villages!SHORT REVIEW:Great idea, not great implementation, cant recommend. I do hope something is done in the future, but it doesn't look likely."
,Not Recommended,222730,8980702,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,E-man,What da fuq is dis♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nio Gunzos or nuthin
76561197995936089,Not Recommended,222730,9947026,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,The Fin,"It was fun for the first hour or so, but... I ended up seeing it as a game of numbers and efficiency instead of a game of worldbuilding. Which I guess it is, almost all games are about numbers, but it really doesn't try to hide it at all. It's not even complex numbers so... ehhJust get it when it's on sale or something."
,Recommended,222730,8231982,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Beast In A Mirrored Bikini,meh
,Not Recommended,222730,131394,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Daddy's Dainty Cum Prince,"Thought it would be fun, artwork looked kinda cool, sounded like a decent idea, and it might just be deserving of that 76/100 metacritic score--I'll never ♥♥♥♥ing know, because I lack the patience to do a possibly infinitely long forced tutorial, 5% of which is spent reading enough arbitrary rules to put D&D to shame a single sentence at a time in 6 point font, the remaining 95% devoted to watching poorly animated giant sprites move at glacial speeds and generally take about 3x too long to do literally everything. A grim reminder that the vast majority of indie games are complete, utter garbage, and those in the Steam sale are no exception"
76561198085137935,Not Recommended,222730,9252156,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,kittenpads,very slow feeling and unsatisfying
76561198069366781,Not Recommended,222730,29034388,Posted: 5 January,all,KikkoMan Soya,I found the game to slow. The game just isn't good enough in my opinion. Wish there were alot more freedom
76561197972263910,Not Recommended,222730,19007088,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Johnny Vegas,Serviceable management game. A bit slow and confusing and times.4 / 10.
,Not Recommended,222730,7838447,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Noumenon,"I found the game to be boring, shallow. Waste of money. Little to no real depth.why did I buy this game. why."
,Recommended,222730,11922980,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,my hamster does assembler,euheuhuheheuuheuhze
76561198042890140,Recommended,222730,10431820,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,SFF,"The perfect game for you to ease into the god game genre.  The mechanics are pretty easy to understand, the animation and  music is fluid and entertaining, and its actually very relaxing...at least until your villagers start getting uppity and start warring.  Then you get to destroy them with your Rock Giant."
,Not Recommended,222730,16461660,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Pizzanomnommer,looked good. play once. never played again.
,Not Recommended,222730,9392811,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,TwoBit,"This is pretty much just a puzzle game, not a god game."
76561198026912876,Recommended,222730,12229156,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Ripfin,Great fun game
76561197984668685,Not Recommended,222730,11981051,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,deno,"Aside from being a very visually beautiful game there is nothing here.  There is no game at all to speak of.  I repeat, this is not a game.  This is just a silly concept where you control four giants with a very similar abilities wherin the only skill involved is reading the wikipedia page to figure out what combinations you need to max out your villages.  This should have just been a childrens book or a cartoon.  Avoid at all costs."
76561198136333364,Recommended,222730,32382590,Posted: 13 June,all,Kawaii Banana,"Control elemental giants to rebuild the world, you can play a chilled game or go hardcore and make an awesome♥♥♥♥♥planetMake sure you play the tutorial, makes it much easier to build better otheriwse its just finger crossing and hoping the humans don't kill each otherI got it off sale so thats a plus"
76561198039921028,Not Recommended,222730,10251726,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Mike,"Slow paced,slugish..And well...Simply not fun."
76561197984225267,Recommended,222730,1007005,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,chairman_mentos,like populous and black and white. it's a lot of fun if you like strategy games. it will challenge you for a long time. the replay value is tremendous.
,Recommended,222730,5571673,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Windyyy,Peaceful indie game which I delve into on a night for one era (30 mins). I'm still in the early stages of unlocks but am enjoying it nonetheless and look forward to being able to have more developed civilizations. For £6.99 this is a great value game which provides entertainment and a sense of achievement throughout. ***** - 5 stars.
,Recommended,222730,13192511,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,222730,8235729,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Purple Jam,good
,Not Recommended,222730,18133897,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,จั่นเซี๊ยว,Boring
76561197962735900,Not Recommended,222730,9190728,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Bender,Nope
,Not Recommended,222730,23564873,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Pigbull320,very boring game. It's not as fun as it looks. Everygame is the same...
,Recommended,222730,10347459,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,hehe,GOD...I'AM GOD 8/10
,Recommended,222730,29324036,Posted: 17 January,all,Peen,good game. interesting challenge but tough to progress to later stages as if you play too slow you have to start again.
76561197985941933,Recommended,222730,13302253,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Caer,don't buy its a trap !You start a game and when you look next time on the cklock its two hours later.
76561198043899204,Not Recommended,222730,10059234,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Myz,Would be got on ipad or something. Doesn't seem to be made for computers.
,Recommended,222730,11918360,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Demon,"Very cool game, love the system and the challenges. Awesome art imo.  Well worth a sale price, and even if its not worth full price."
,Not Recommended,222730,8336785,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Johnny Cass,Not really my cup of tea.
,Not Recommended,222730,34856599,Posted: 10 September,all,OceanFresh,"Reus is a game with a little promise, but unfortunately only a little to show for it.Reus sees you command four giants who roam the planet, giving it resources to transform a barren rock into a flourishing human society. Resources may yield Food, Tech, Wealth and/or Awe, and combining the right resources in the right way will give you extra bonuses on their yields. To help humans develop, you should ensure they complete their chosen projects by fulfilling the yield requirements. This will increase the village's yields and give your giants extra powers. A village which grows too fast will become Greedy, and you can only stop them attacking other human settlements by increasing their Awe.But there is no clear goal in Reus. Everything you do seems to be pointing towards increasing the sum yield of the villages (called Prosperity), which is recorded in a big infographic in the top-left of the screen. So this should be the goal, right? Well, it doesn't seem like it was meant that way. There are no leaderboards recording your best score, or enabling you to compete with friends or online. Instead you are told to get as many achievements as possible to progress to the next ""level"". This is problematic in three ways. Firstly, it contradicts everything else in the game which is shouting at you to increase Prosperity as much as possible; especially, but not only, when getting an achievement would involve restricting your growth in Prosperity. Secondly, there are far too many achievements and far too many you need to get in one game for you to easily say, ""right, I'm going to go forthisone"" - the game becomes as much aboutchoosingyour ""goals"" as actually achieving them. And thirdly, the ""level-up"" implies that each game isnota game, but only a stage in the wider game. So the game is not a game, instead the ""game"" is. It's confusing and offputting.In addition, there is really not a great deal of depth. You put resources in a certain place, their yields will maximise - pretty simple. The only thing not allowing you to do that is the fact that resource upgrade trees and special bonuses are hidden from you until you actually place and upgrade the resources. There is no in-game encylopaedia. This means you are making sub-optimal moves not because of your lack of judgement, but because knowledge about the rules of the game - knowledge you ought to possess before the game evenbegins- is obscured to you. If there are interesting decisions to be made in this game, I have failed to encounter any - after 3 hours of play, ie. 6 games - because I can't memorise an upgrade tree for at least 20 different kinds of resource. This unfairly raises the barrier to entry and makes whatever value the game actually has difficult to access.I know I sound harsh. That's because Iamharsh. But, sadly, Reus ultimately fails to make a game with genuine effective depth. If you want a protector-god-sim, maybe you would enjoy this. But if you want to make interesting strategic decisions, this game is best avoided."
,Recommended,222730,33530373,Posted: 14 July,all,andyfinn2012,BEING GOD IS THE BEST
76561198095270695,Recommended,222730,23441465,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,DarkReapersGrim,"Here's a real review:The majority of you shouldn't play this game. That's the truth. In this ADHD and short-attention span era we live in (which I myself have) this game has a steep learning curve, especially for somebody like me who's never played games like these before. And even with the three part tutorial (which took me about 2 hours total and which I repeated again), I'm still confused about a lot of things. I also bought Abbey Games' (the developer) other game ""Renowned Explorers"" which I briefly started up (and which I plan to get further into when I've become a little more comfortable with this game). That game also isn't accessible in terms of play. That's not specifically a criticism of either game or of Abbey Games. To some gamers, the sophistication of gameplay and mechanics is a draw and part of its appeal. That's why I'm not giving this game a thumbs down. That, and the fact that it is kind of fun (albeit frustrating) trying to learn how the game works.Essentially though, you're dealing with three elements: food, wealth and technology. One of the main objectives in the game is to get efficiency from the land by trying different combinations with animals, plants and minerals which allow you to get more food, wealth and technology from the land and complete timed missions in a village. Completing one timed mission in a village allows you to get an ""ambassador"" which then unlocks a skill that you can use to help you in the game. The game is obviously more sophisticated than that, but that's my version of a simplified way to explain it.Only buy it if you have a track record of fighting through (what I consider) games' steep learning curve. I'll update the review as I play more of it and hopefully unlock more developments."
,Recommended,222730,8158296,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Cheerilee,good game
,Not Recommended,222730,13808604,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Wolf,"Bought this game while it was on sale, Played it for a bit, got a little fun then the game gets boring. It's very repetitive and you always have to start a new era once in awhile just to get some achievements out of it. I'd suggest buying this game if it's only on sale once again and if you want to try something new and waste a couple of minutes or maybe an hour or two."
76561198030980450,Recommended,222730,21015264,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Tallestdavid,good game. me die from rock man alot.
76561198028253012,Not Recommended,222730,14128255,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ghin,"I really wanted to like this game. The art style is lovely and I really enjoy manager games. Unfortunately, there's not actually any game present here. Just look at the screenshots, watch the trailer, and save your money.Basically what you do is plant vegetables. You put certain vegetables next to each other to get more points, so you can plant more vegetables. The giants and the spherical world try to add tension and depth but they end up being annoying.Save your money and go play Simcity 2000 again."
76561198036728376,Not Recommended,222730,12832367,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Cloud,"Slow and benign. No real depth of story, so it really doesn't make up for the shallow and slow gameplay mechanics."
76561198066395412,Not Recommended,222730,9175689,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Godith Shadowind,Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing
,Not Recommended,222730,29737547,Posted: 6 February,all,frolf,"2 different computers, same technical issues, in the same level. Why?"
,Recommended,222730,2247255,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,This is seriously one of the best indie games of all time.. It's only 5 dollars now. They do free dlc and upgrades. It's a great god game and you must buy it!
,Not Recommended,222730,10164261,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Hosing,the game is just playing bejeweledexept it lasts 20 minutesi could ♥♥♥♥ing make a turkey before a giant gets to the other side of the planet
,Not Recommended,222730,19887827,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Twosheds,Another game that i didn't understand or have the interets to put the effort into learning.Pretty icon though)
76561198064410540,Not Recommended,222730,12281334,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Pink Horror,"I might play this a couple more hours to see if I'm missing anything, but this is a stylish game without very much to actually do, apart from the game just telling me what to do in order to make a Tradepost or Shrine or whatever the villages request, and it simultaneously feels like there is a lot of time pressure and that everything is very, very slow. It isn't awful, but I wouldn't recommend Reus to anybody."
,Not Recommended,222730,8147731,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Jazz Wild,Very boring! Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
,Not Recommended,222730,23329347,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Joerigeller,"Game downloaded, Game started, Game didnt start, 10/10"
76561198086872191,Not Recommended,222730,13451789,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,oko83PL,This game is bad and really boring. It should be much cheaper :/
,Not Recommended,222730,16121735,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Tanelorn,"As another reviewer put it: ""Or you could just go search the wiki for optimal builds, because ultimately, memorizing what building goes with what other building is your end goal. Once you know that, the game is over, and that just isn't enough depth to persuade me to choose it over the myriad of other strategy titles."" - HenggelerzI am a forest ecologist and a gamer. I was really, really looking forward to this game. And after playing it a while I came to the same conclusion. This isn't even a game. You can only progress by placing down the correct combination of improvements to make the next improvement to complete the goals. That's the game, and you can do it via memorization or with a webpage open. Everything else is visuals to accompany the mechanic of placing the right combination of improvements.Developer fail."
76561198121162034,Not Recommended,222730,18766372,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Papa Frank,"In this game you have 3 skill trees Suave for impression your animals, Looks to look sexy to your pets and Sex to see how fast you can fingerbang your animal with out its feces covering your fingers, in this game i maxed all skills and tryed to fingerblast a 10 year old pig i had being saving since the game started when it♥♥♥♥♥♥all over my player killing him instantly. 0/10 great game"
76561198169848975,Recommended,222730,32199015,Posted: 5 June,all,liuchao_yang,ahahhah good game
,Not Recommended,222730,11902765,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,lateroflife,"Loved this game, but it lacks replay value."
,Recommended,222730,2961146,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,✅BambusNascher™✅,.
,Not Recommended,222730,33509575,Posted: 13 July,all,captgalen,"Game feels tedious and the humans won't progress without your intervention. I would prefer it if humans would somehow progress by themselves even if you don't intervene. The game somehow bored me, it also feels repetitive. Anyway I got it for sale, you can try it also if you get it on sale.It has lots of positive feedback, but maybe this game is not for me.PS: As of writing I only played 2 hours, will probably try playing longer and update my review just incase."
,Recommended,222730,7812758,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Midgetous Carl,"Ummm..  If you have kids or are a kid I would suggest this.  Otherwise, go buy a real RTS."
,Recommended,222730,25000220,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Spekuku,"PUNY MORTAL! I WILL NOW CRUSH Y-Wait, get the ♥♥♥♥ off of my shoulder you little prick!"
,Recommended,222730,24248169,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Para,Good Game
,Not Recommended,222730,8277002,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mr. Matt,"It's more of a puzzle game than a god game. Sure, you have four giants you can control and you try to please humans by creating stuff, but the entire game revolves around putting either food, technology, or wealth-generating stuff on ""patches"" of ground. A town forms when you make a resource on a patch of ground, and the town is freaking tiny (its borders). You then have to place resources next to other resources which have synergies. If you don't use the right synergies, your resource totals won't go high enough. The entire game seems to revolve around putting the right resources next to other resources, and if you can't figure out what order to put them in, you have nothing to do in this game. The game doesn't seem to progress until you unlock a bunch of in-game challenge/achievement sort of things. If you don't unlock enough of them, you have to keep playing in 30 minute increments until you do. This game is a huge time-waster puzzle game wearing the indignantly sliced off face of a god game, and the puzzle aspect wasn't fun at all for me. I got the game for three bucks and I'm still not happy with this purchase. The only thing I will say I like about the game is the art. It's quite nice to look at, but you can get that from watching the trailer. The gameplay is horrid."
76561198369681692,Not Recommended,222730,30436143,Posted: 10 March,all,Spider,The game gets boring after all eras and u have to do Freeplay so don't use money on this go get formata.
,Recommended,222730,8527881,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,impervious,DAM WOW SHOW POW!
76561198252182536,Recommended,222730,23339638,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Vital Envi,Been playing this game a lot and its great
,Recommended,222730,18623583,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Mr. Jacobs,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caSHIFqKOhg&list=PLBonlAW_WHtxNcg43Hd9zv7j-FnGClIlj&index=14Destroy the villagers or raise them up to eventually destroy you. The choice is yours!
76561198023412575,Not Recommended,222730,7963739,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,kkdude,"I had relatively high hopes for this game after finding several small gems in the most recent sale, but I am very dissapointed in this. The jist of the game is that you control several giants, each with their own powers such as creating oceans, mountains, wildlife or minerals, and you try to create an environment in which a human settlement will start up and hopefully thrive. While this sounds like a fun god game, unfortunately, for me it was boring and cumbersome.The main problem, as well as the real draw of the game, is that each ability that your giants have can synergize with another ability, meaning that if the two are together, they will produce more food, science, or minerals. While this good be a very interesting mechanic, allowing you to create strands of synergizing areas for a town, this element is stifled by the fact that each village can only have two plots of land on either side of it that it can use, so even when you have 40+ abilities to choose from and syergize, you can only do to synergies, then that place is done. On top of that, the giants move very slowly, for no apparent reason, meaning that the game takes much longer than it should to get things done, which can be a problem when each world has a time limit on it.Ultimately I feel this could have been a very good game, but the fact that the giants take so long to get places and the creative and strategic ability of the player is limited by the small areas around settlements puts this game out of my mind as I move on to better games."
,Not Recommended,222730,22116647,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,peppage,"I almost want to say I recommend this but it's too slow. I think the giants are an interesting way to split up th menus and give it more personality. The real game can be played in 30, 60, or 120 minute increments but it could really use time dilation. There is an alt mode to speed up cooldowns but that doesn't help much. I often found myself having to rebuild land because it doesn't explain what the synergy on the upgrade is in the tooltip. I would build the upgrade and it would give me less resources so it was a lot of trial and error.I don't know about alternative games in this genre to play it's really unique. If they ever decide to make a Reus 2 which further expands the resources, giants, and fixes some of my complaints I would pick it up."
,Recommended,222730,34235585,Posted: 14 August,all,Zaratoth,Do you like to shape a world according to your whim? To make humans worship you by helping them achieve their goals or crush them into nothingness without a reason? Then “Reus” can be a game for you. [...]Read more at:https://indiegamepicks.wordpress.com/2017/08/09/reus/
76561198036970567,Recommended,222730,32050203,Posted: 29 May,all,E-T ME,Good Game.
,Not Recommended,222730,18597317,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,laurent,wtf was all that fuss about?
76561198079956618,Not Recommended,222730,12455027,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,vvbb18,"honestly you'd have to be perfectionist that likes dealing with minor details to enjoy this game. the level of detail you have to operate at while controling multipul things is just to much, and often times looking at the biger picture leads to missing some syngery that would be vital."
,Recommended,222730,11932510,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Crazy Alchemy,YES!
76561198032681036,Not Recommended,222730,26350735,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Atnaw,"Was good for about 20 minutes, but then the game didn't go anywhere and I got tired of it fast."
76561198289884206,Not Recommended,222730,35080694,Posted: 20 September,all,♥~KOEKIE~♥,No....just no....take from this what you want to....but its boring....so no
,Recommended,222730,31650950,Posted: 9 May,all,GigantaClaus™,"Beautiful game, only sad part of it is not adding multiplayer."
76561198086243777,Not Recommended,222730,8230468,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,War,Wasn't very impressed with the game. As impressive as this review.2/5
,Not Recommended,222730,10311545,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Parado,"Waste on money. S**t game, don't buy it!"
76561198112669681,Recommended,222730,23348219,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Chef Blazer,kek
,Recommended,222730,31896859,Posted: 22 May,all,Hot Stone,Reus is one of my favorite games on steam!
,Not Recommended,222730,8239537,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ridered777,"REALLY cool idea. Pretty poor implementation. Extremely repative, and just quite boring to be honest. I would not recommend this game, unless you really LOVE micromanaging and repeating yourself. And not in the fun way, like starcraft."
76561198051558364,Not Recommended,222730,8116758,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Batavion,Why on earth is there no speed-up button on this game. I actually rested my head on my desk waiting for my snail-giants to get going...
76561198023770062,Recommended,222730,12321789,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,PondScum9,[+--..]
,Not Recommended,222730,12284763,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,at least im not in detroit,this game is terrible!
,Recommended,222730,8098213,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Spoonman,"I FORGOT I BOUGHT THIS, ITS SEXUAL"
76561198081450332,Not Recommended,222730,12509143,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Iso Koala,"Game seems fun, but at least on my screen setup its unplayable. The reason being way too small fonts. I can`t read the descriptions of the powers, and thus making the game a pain to learn at least."
76561198023628368,Not Recommended,222730,7917400,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Earth McFlat,"Really awkward. Camera controls feel confined. The whole game, which looks like a nice little strategy game, is a painfull analysis of ingredients that fit together. Way to complexe and irritating for its own good. Also, the interface text is so tiny its hard to read. Definitely skip this, unless they release a demo so you can see for yourself."
,Recommended,222730,29431313,Posted: 22 January,all,Anusmuncher29,10/10 would watch little people kill eachother ageani
76561198063963211,Recommended,222730,22487058,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Crimson Kang,hhh
,Recommended,222730,12959331,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Neko-Nomikon,"It's brilliant. You get to play as 4 different god types that can edit the terrain in different ways.I liked making it filled with crocodiles and sharks, to kill the little people. And because crocodiles are cool."
,Not Recommended,222730,7879373,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,BigMcLargeHuge,"I found reus to be quite frustrating, it gave the impresion of creating my own miniture world which i chould sculp and play with ,however this was not the case.i found myself being forced to do what the game commanded me to do (i want to make a ocan but its locked me out untill i compleat other tasks)i felt like i was playing a tuturial though my whole 2 hours exspirence.although good visuals and good idear sadly it was poorly exsocuted for me."
,Not Recommended,222730,9844627,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Nordrick,Gets boring in 1 hour
76561198026212012,Not Recommended,222730,7810133,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Michu,Boring and slow
,Not Recommended,222730,8492434,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Apex Cataclysm,Boring.
,Not Recommended,222730,7884119,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,riveR,"Looks nice, sounds nice, but it managed to lose my interest in the first 5 minutes."
,Not Recommended,222730,7959021,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,"Absurdly complicated with over 9000 resources, just to draw your attention away from its boredomeness and lack of mechanics. The actual main goal of the game is to get achievements, which are more than 100."
76561198192057298,Not Recommended,222730,23755820,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LILBASSE,"nhaa, not really fun, you had to go through a lot of tutorial/explaining before you could play, and i personally got bored before the game even started. it may be that i think it was boring because i didnt get all of the explaining, because of my english, i dont know.i bought this game because it looking calming, but it was too slow for me. i really liked the art in screenshots, but i got disapointed when i play the game.before you buy this game, look at gameplay videos."
,Recommended,222730,12664364,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,cloud_dweller,Yes.10/10
,Not Recommended,222730,7799916,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TwentyOneGames,Was really excited for this game. Not what I expected.
76561198048633026,Not Recommended,222730,33221094,Posted: 4 July,all,fredabrk39,This is a really cute game but really hard to play and unless you have a really big computer screen and perfect eye site giveit up cause the words are so small you can't see them. I was hoping I would be able to play this but I can't. Too damn difficult for a game.
76561198348793544,Not Recommended,222730,32014889,Posted: 28 May,all,British Bloke,"Dispite being a god game there is too little direct control over the inhabitants of the world, deminishing the point of a god game"
,Not Recommended,222730,31918494,Posted: 23 May,all,Khlorghaal,becomes boring very fast
76561198256731250,Recommended,222730,31893316,Posted: 21 May,all,Bacon_Lord_2095,very fun. played 6 hours planning on playing much more
76561198058783974,Not Recommended,222730,26626820,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kibber,Got boring quickly. No real depth or challenge.
,Not Recommended,222730,26557305,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Enygmas,I found this game... boring.
,Not Recommended,222730,8097666,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Raxvar,An excellent game to fall asleep by.
,Recommended,222730,7761318,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,DeskyD,ReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReusReus/10
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,222730,714178,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Destyre,"Not really what I was expecting at all. Kind of rubbish. You are given mundane tasks to do in a very short time span (30 minutes). If you are assuming that this game is a god game, think again; I still don't know what the game is trying to be. I don't think the game knows either. 2/10. Really boring."
,Not Recommended,222730,12703522,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Gnafu,"Full of bugs, literaly ruin the game !"
,Not Recommended,222730,731288,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Tyranny of Fun,Bad game of various half-baked ideas randomly smashed together.I think my favorite part is how the build tree is so needlessly complex that devs felt necessary add a button to pop out wiki page for it. You'll need it.
,Not Recommended,222730,7753147,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,my homie say he goin mid,there is no female reus.do onot play it.
76561198052340128,Not Recommended,222730,24795605,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Sul,Not fun to play
76561197972778110,Not Recommended,222730,23275138,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,BuzzBurridge,Solid game but not worth the asking price. Doesn't have much replay ability after finishing it.
76561197993971518,Not Recommended,222730,32413663,Posted: 14 June,all,J.Tarwin,I just didn't like it. I'm dissappointed.
,Not Recommended,222730,23321769,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,estosan,Forces you to go into a long♥♥♥♥♥tutorial even though the controls are so easy you wouldn\'t even need one.
76561198075650842,Not Recommended,222730,17655524,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,alex,im not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not reccomending this
76561197999918507,Not Recommended,222730,31894141,Posted: 21 May,all,Maxout2142,"If you've watched the trailer, you've already seen everything there is to have in this game."
76561198089528594,Not Recommended,222730,26489799,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,William,This game suck and there is nothing to do unless you are 8 years old this game wil not be funny!
76561198390018742,Not Recommended,222730,31951575,Posted: 25 May,all,daileywest,"I do not recommend this game. The text is tiny, maybe 4, 5pt on my screen and Steam has made no effort since promising to work on it in 2013(https://steamcommunity.com/app/222730/discussions/0/810924774512790312/). When I change the display settings in the game, the text is larger, but the game is very laggy and slow. I own a Dell purchased in November of last year, 8GB ram, this game should not be running slowly. The game itself is a lot of fun, but I can't enjoy it."
76561197985261297,Not Recommended,222730,28586386,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,les_bois,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥c'est quoi ce jeu un simulateur d'ennui? falalit les faire se deplacer encore plus lentement ces con de géant autour de la planete, j'ai pris 10 ans dans la geule en jouant a cette connerie."
,Not Recommended,222730,25357240,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Jon Arbuckle's Son,♥♥♥♥in super boring
,Not Recommended,222730,31912600,Posted: 22 May,all,HaMi-_40SiX,funny but crash in loading
76561198054346551,Not Recommended,222730,31140392,Posted: 14 April,all,Chicken McFaggot,"I'v always liked games that force to play tutorials, better yet tutorials that unnecessary last for an hour with mind numbingly repetive gameplay. i really like this game for this reason."
76561198094803808,Not Recommended,222730,14249131,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,VahidSlayerOfAll,i didn't like the game and nobody is going to read this so no efforts made
,Not Recommended,222730,31393990,Posted: 27 April,all,GusDeCooL,control & tutorial could be better
,Not Recommended,222730,23776005,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Peasant,"Refunding the game because it won't let me play advanced mode or sandbox unless i go throught the entire tutorial.What a goddamn dumb thing, developers!"
,Not Recommended,222730,29769818,Posted: 7 February,all,❆Knawner❆,"Diz iz @ nice g@me with good @rt style. Me dosnt require @n @m@zing computer too. Me @lso like the concept.But, It will get boring f@st... @fter Me did the tutori@l; th@t t@kes @bout thirty minutes or longer.Me st@rted it in free mode. Me found out f@st th@t it's h@rd to control more th@n 2 towns @t the s@me time.1 of the projects th@t might st@rt iz @ s@crifice @lt@r. Diz @lt@r needs @ cert@in town to be rekt before being fully built. Diz m@de me @ little @ngry th@t Me h@d to st@rt over 1 of my towns. The g@me iz @ little repetitive when it comes to @dding new pl@nts, @nim@ls, ect...Diz g@me iz good for twenty minutes or so."
76561198064703826,Not Recommended,222730,31744506,Posted: 14 May,all,ThiCC Thighs Save Lives,Waste of time.
76561198116693029,Recommended,222730,18832940,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,SueRicata,Great for passing time.
,Recommended,222730,18850779,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Athari,"A cute little puzzle-strategy game. It's fun to play, but having to regularly check information in its wiki is somewhat annoying. If you don't aim for perfect results, you can spend much less time reading wiki though, I guess.But the best aspect of it is that it has snow leopards!"
,Recommended,222730,10773140,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Snibbor,"Super fun until you lose, then it's infuriating."
,Recommended,222730,10571941,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Adexi,"Need something relaxing that includes world domination?  Then play Reus!Ok, so you actually already control the whole world, but keeping your people minions from a hostile takeover of each other and your demi-gods can be a fun challenge without too much stress.  Plus, if they become too much to handle you can just destroy a village to chill them out. . . or just kill them all off and start anew!Nicely animated graphics.  A decent amount of play time available.  A fair amount of achievements.Definitely worth the inexpensive price tag."
,Recommended,222730,10681700,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Shimrod,great fun!
,Not Recommended,222730,10683734,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,epis,"It's just a bad game. There is no game-play. In my opinion, you spend a bit of time understand it and after that is just a boring game. On the positive, the game has nice art work which was the reason I bought it in the first place. I definitely regret buying it.."
,Recommended,222730,10689453,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ELESS14,pretty funwhen you are board and have some extra time on your hands
,Recommended,222730,4430286,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Lewd Deity,A casual sort of game. It's a good way to kill time but the depth of the game is great as well. There are many mechanics behind this game which make it a great game to play. A single playthrough can last for quite a bit of time.
,Recommended,222730,10803475,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mushrooming,reminds me of civ except this is cuter
76561198027577695,Recommended,222730,10805461,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Nanashi,"I adore this game.  What seems at first like a simple puzzle game quickly turns into, at leat for me, hours long sessions of trying to get the combinations juuuuust right to achieve your goals.  Quite a lot of replayability.  Do recommen."
76561197984924903,Recommended,222730,10830544,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,shiroten,"Good, relaxing and casual."
76561198022302178,Recommended,222730,10809532,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Wicked,"this game is so addicting and a lot of fun. still trying to work out all i can do, but for sure having fun doing it :)"
76561198039880880,Recommended,222730,10740330,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Perry_Q,good game for cards
,Recommended,222730,6763310,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,go.cua.go,"Micro Managing Giants, killing humans, destroying land masses, its like being God."
,Not Recommended,222730,10852513,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Deithis,Should have been a mobile game.
,Recommended,222730,8200125,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Milas60,Balancing
,Recommended,222730,4924262,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,DrJenkins,bpobd
76561198042237959,Recommended,222730,8617768,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,ezdez,"Get it on cheap and it'll keep you entertained for a bit.It's one of the trophy hunters - heaps of achievements. The only reason to replay this game is to unlock achievements.Whilst the premise is interesting, and it'll take you a few games to learn the combinations, it becomes a bit tedious. 20 hours of gaming for less than $20 - can't complain."
,Recommended,222730,8613310,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,CoffeeAddict,"Each game is 30, 60, 120 minutes long depending on your choice when you start a new game.The goal is to unlock different combanations and achievements, based on combnations done in-game.If you like puzzlers, world builders and simulations, you will enjoy this indie game."
76561198078448514,Recommended,222730,6887328,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,你好吗？,"This is not really a god game and more like a strategy game. But the game is still good and change people opinion on god game. Even though you could destroy the humans, IMO the game is more like controlling the human with your monster which is really good and nice for me."
,Recommended,222730,8723170,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,KIDREKTER69,"The Art style and simplicity of Reus is appealing. It grows into a game that provides flexibility and a certain amount of complexity, allowing various results based on the different landscape and humans. Capable of providing hours of fun."
,Recommended,222730,1088093,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Aardcore,"This game is a surprisingly extraordinary experience. If you're the kind of gamer who loved Populous, Black & White or Majesty, then this game is right up your alley! Don't be fooled by the measly price tag because this game is astoundingly huge in potential with seemingly endless replayability! The experience is strongly achievement oriented, and the game rewards you along the way for each challenge you commit to and overcome. Along the way, you're able to expand from certain unlocks which further enhance and deepen the immersion to create a more fabulous, intricate world through the four different gods you control. It's through their synergies, your creativity and imagination (as well as a little brain challenging) that you forge a dead planet into a thriving world which breathes life on its own by your design.I can't stress enough how amazing this game is. The art design is something else. The game's autonymous mechanics are fantastic. There are a few hiccups which occur every now and then but they aren't game breaking. It's also a game that doesn't take itself seriously but if you sit down and push yourself into this title, you begin to see how deep the mechanics of the game go while addressing the challenges you sometimes accidentally set yourself up to, but can always correct just as easily. The game ridiculously easy to pick up but can easily spend HOURS getting lost into. I'm just shy 20 hours as I write this recommendation and I've yet to achieve all the unlocks in the game to give me the prime experience which will all be worth it sometime down the road.Make no mistake. This is a god-simulation game at its finest. If you've ever been slightly interested in such a genre or are already infatuated with the art form all together, this is the game to get. I promise you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,222730,8990750,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,BigPtheGOAT,"Time passer, simple but good !"
,Recommended,222730,9882842,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Paxseko,Interesting 'god' game. Visuals are vibrant and well-done. Gameplay is an interesting Civilization/ From Dust Hybrid.Love the perspective used.Not sure about overall replayability. Easy to burn out and never come back again.
,Recommended,222730,3845651,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Capitán Indie,Amazingly Fun
,Recommended,222730,9962776,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Saromun,"Reus is an amazing game. It looks awesome, has got a magnificient soundtrack, easy to understand controls and after playing the tutorial it isn't really that hard. The only thing that bothers me is that there is no option to play online (yet). Besides that it is a must-have!"
,Recommended,222730,6256218,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,abbab,"Don't get this game. Its very basic, extremely slow, and the only cool thing is the blue crab."
,Recommended,222730,9864614,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,IvoMace,"I would recommend this only if you are looking for something to fiddle with and enjoy in spurts. The world building, see videos on the store page, is interesting, and the gameplay is simple, get food and resources and make buildings and people. While I didn't find it very engaging, people who enjoy world managment games would find this entertaining."
76561198034946482,Recommended,222730,4278007,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Stargazer,Fun game
76561198023245131,Recommended,222730,3467329,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Mr. Wolfe,LOVE THIS GAME! (That's a statement as well as a command.)
,Recommended,222730,4258263,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,WithClarity,"This game is pretty neat and fun. It reminds me of black and white. The graphics look really nice and the art style is awesome.The premise of the game is you control 4 giants and for 30 minutes you have to use these giants to help build and grow the world. Each time you play the game gives you new objectives to work on, which are the achievements. You can unlock more time as you do the objectives. Right now I have 60 minutes unlocked enabling me to do more. This game is all about unlocking new things, upgrades, and time.I recommend this to anyone who likes stradegy games or is looking for something new! :)"
,Recommended,222730,9939670,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,The British Guy,"Reus is a world-building simulation style game, where your god-like interaction with the world is done by way of four giant monoliths with magical powers. You and your four vast minions will help grow small settlements of nomads into bustling village-sized cities, providing the citizens with enough resources to survive, expand and thrive. At first glance Reus seems like a very small and simple god game done a thousand times before, but upon further inspection the game reveals a huge level of complexity that is both shocking and fantastically deep.Reus only really has one real gameplay mode – Era . The aim of Era is to work towards completing all of the available achievements in the game, and Reus serves up a generous dose of replayability with a staggering 120-odd levels to grapple with. This replayability is thanks in no small part to the curious way in which you control the lives of your nomads.The mysterious Planet of the Creepy Giants is an artistic 2D slice of barren rock onto which the environments, plants, animals and minerals are spawned from your giant helpers, and the lack of space means efficiency is key. A village might start a project to complete a school or church, and it’s up to you to find the space to squeeze in the mind-numbing amount of food, wealth or technology the project requires. Enter symbiosis,the mechanic where every object your giants summon has the potential to interact with nearly any other object in the game and every base object has about 4 – 6 different ways to evolve.Reus is a very pretty game to play, if a little repetitive at times. Your 2D slice of planet-pie has a 3D-like surface. The game’s major weakness is the lack of art assets, borne from its small development roots. When every blueberry bush and snake den has the same picture, a row of the same resource breaks the immersion of world-building somewhat, and replaces it with a slightly lesser world-assembly feel instead, and this jarring sensation does hurt the feeling of power and mastery a good god game strives for.Similarly due to the small team the game was built by, the other major weakness Reus suffers is a poor user interface. The graphics options allow users with poor eyesight to change the resolution to the lowest settings, but even when all the icons and fonts are as large as possible the tutorial text proves impossible to read without 20/20 vision. The few controls the player has on-screen are so minimal and unnoticeable, the tooltips and hotkets are in approximately font size 6. While such a minor graphical issue might go unnoticed by the majority of players, Reus is almost certainly not appropriate for players with less than perfect eyesight.That said, once the game gets going and the Era progressing, Reus has a huge amount to offer to keep a player engaged. All of the players’ efforts are focussed on pleasing the tiny humans who settle in your lovingly planned environments, and when your forest-dwelling humans plan to open up a world-class mine there are a few options before you, depending on what sort of god you want to be. You could form a large amount of forest-based minerals around the tiny village, terraform a forest into a mountainside landscape or just burn the village down and hope the next squad of settlers aren’t as greedy. A word of warning, however – if a new village settles amongst in a land of plenty, they are much more likely to become greedy and violent.Weaknesses aside, Reus is a new twist on a god game with a huge amount of gameplay behind it for those who can bear their way through the slightly arduous tutorial. It offers at least 30 hours of entertaining god play, with the ability to command your mountainous workers to bless or crush human villages as you see fit, and that is no bad thing.7/10"
76561198022306281,Recommended,222730,9912973,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Comrade Squidward,"Got this while looking for a God-game, it's more a elemental-gods-create-a-perfect-village-to-build-a-structure-and-keeps-the-other-villagers-from-invading-game. If you ever wanted an actual reason to get achievements in a video game, this game gives it to you. Animals, plants, and minerals are locked until you get a certain achievement which gets a little annoying when your university or observatory is about to be completed when the deadline hits. Oh yeah, there's a deadline for games too, half an hour to a few hours. I liked it, nuff said."
76561198009772573,Recommended,222730,2595767,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,[HMRD] Archcraig,Great game for 10 bucks. Control 4 elemental giants to mold a small planet and nudge humans into building bigger villages. Many hours to be had in this game. Currently on sale for 5 bucks!
76561198053401962,Not Recommended,222730,9343830,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,[VAC Banned[Tothetix,"Bad reviewThis game is a goodsandbox gamebutvery limtedto what you can do with the game.I buyed this blindly(without looking at review), i played it for 1 hour, just 1 hour and a started to hate this game,i know it's good with art(don't get me wrong with that)but the game play is just poor, so i wasted (in my point of view) £7 of my money on this game, good thing there is not DLCs or i would have wasted lots of my money!"
76561198071707570,Recommended,222730,9336286,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,KineticAvenger,"Reus is an interesting and quant god game, with a unique world view and control of 4 giants that require teamwork to make the world better place. Although not easy at first the game has a deep complexity within it, that rewards the use of intelligent symibosis. The charm of the giants and the details within the townspeople add quite a lot to thee enjoyment factor of the game(if you have the mad scientist completed and you look at the village, you will notice that zombies walk around the town). However there are some faults, aside from era and freestyle there is not much variety within the game,this is even more sad considering the fact that Abbey Games has stated that they are not expanding or otherwise doing anything with the game, because of the new game that they are creating. Also the fact that many plants, animals, and minerals are locked until you do acheivments really puts a damper on going freestyle without grinding some random eras. In summary, despite its faults Reus is still an amazing game with unique charm and complexity and i would recommend it to any patient person wanting a breath of fresh air in gaming."
76561198083914249,Recommended,222730,9342851,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,bananakin,Hours and hours spent on this addicting game! But after some while it slowly becomes repetitive.
76561198045151745,Recommended,222730,7461981,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Coyote,Awesome gameplay and cute overall :)
76561198011329280,Recommended,222730,2702239,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Mathematical,"This game is incredibly addictive. There is an almost unlimited number of combinations and techniques to cultivate your lands. This allows for a different turn of events each time, keeping it fresh and fun. I highly recommend this game. 10/10"
76561198080222697,Recommended,222730,9311630,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mr Ping,This game is very fun and addicting very realistic and fun
76561198040887431,Recommended,222730,9318408,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,impreza7,"Fun puzzle game, the combinations are endless.  Gets very hard trying to complete some of the later challenges."
76561198030726185,Recommended,222730,4014101,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Filing Sloth,"Reus is a world builder sim in the most literal sense.  You begin with several giants representing different aspects of nature and raise mountains, spawn oceans, and cover the world with flora and fauna.Deceptively simple gameplay on the surface gives way to layers of complexity as you attempt to create a world upon which humanity can thrive.  Symbiotic chains make or break villages as you attempt to give the people what they need.Games have a 30 minute time limit at first, with longer games unlockable.  The time flies with this one.  An amazing game that I would recommend to anyone enjoying puzzles."
,Recommended,222730,10089750,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,nihiltres,"Reus has its share of problems.The game has a high difficulty curve, and its complexity means most players will likely find themselves consulting external resources mid-game to plan their next actions. This is a game in dire need of a ""tech tree"" interface.It creates replay value by limiting the gameplay available in any given game until the player's completed tasks, which also constitute the achievements, in a previous game. Players who have no problem with the learning curve may find themselves hitting a glass ceiling of achievement in a given game because they don't yet have access to higher-level resources. This is ironic, because one of the central goals in Reus is for the ""giants"" to give the humans just enough resources to achieve their goals without becoming greedy: very meta if it was intentional.Finally, the game is literally incomplete in places: players who get through to higher-level resources may notice grammatical errors or even *placeholders* in the interface text. Many achievements that claim that they ""can't be met in Alt Mode"", when the player has selected options that make the game slightly easier, are in fact unlocked with ""Alt Mode"" options active.All that being said, Reus is a satisfying and engaging puzzle game if you can get past its foibles. I like it. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,222730,10098731,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Fizzy Lifting Drinks,"Very good game. Different than any other game I've played. You control 4 dudes that have different stuff. Depending on how you use them you get different abilities and progressions. Seems to start off fairly simple and then has a huge skill curve to get to the next part of the game. Almost frustatingly challenging. You seem to need a lot of ""micro"" to enjoy what seems to be a fairly calm game. It's interesting. If you think you will like it by looking at videos and screencaps then you probably will like it. If you're on the fence just move along."
,Recommended,222730,10101437,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Shard Obsidia,"While I don't highly recommend it, it might be good for a cheap way to spend a few hours tinkering with your own world."
76561198058221603,Recommended,222730,8456402,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Salvador,"Cool game to pick up, hard to finish."
76561198005357441,Recommended,222730,8537740,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SinRopa,"Interesting game. Decent handful of unlocks that require multiple sessions to be played. Gameplay stops at a set time (which I dislike) 30 mins to 2 hours iirc.Effects and graphics work smoothly, no issues at all with the game normally. If you alt tab however, its prone to crashing.I do not regret this purchase."
,Not Recommended,222730,2567230,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,TheSilverHammer,"I thought this might be some kind of building game, like you were trying to grow civilizations or something.  However, it is just a puzzle game. Too bad I am not really into puzzle games.  If you are, check out some Lets Play videos and make your decisions there.  If you are like me and do not care for puzzle games, then you can safely skip this one."
,Recommended,222730,8543132,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,<M.o.K>Samurai Jack-ing Off,"Reus is an interesting take on the now rather uncommon God-Game genre.The interplay of the powers of the 4 Gods and the various organisms is brilliant. The Synergy system, though perhaps not new to the genre, is certainly new to me, and felt sensible and natural. It however can be tricky to take advantage of properly, and helps create the difficulty curve in the game.The visual style is clean and simplistic, and the audio was done similiarly. The music is very passive, being heard mainly as a few lonely chords interspersed with the sounds of the God's activities.Do I enjoy it? No, not terribly much. It didn't manage to hook me like Black & White did. However, it is a pretty decent game."
,Not Recommended,222730,558777,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,RockitBootz,"I feel like this game had a really cool idea at its core and just implemented it all wrong. It's like they attempted to do a cartoonish Black and White 2, but got EVERYTHING wrong.Towns are too needy, the planet is too small, and the best powers are only unlocked through tedius min-maxing of your titans. A swing and a miss."
76561197998149604,Recommended,222730,1799188,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Detestar Concierto,"good game , simple ghaphic but have very deep gameplay .if you like to be a God or something , building the world and watching human doing xxxt you gonna love this game ."
76561198040911118,Recommended,222730,8634562,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Bold and Brash,Really good game for an exceptional price. If you are into god games or strategy games this is definitely for you. Not a lot of replay value because the possiblities of what you can do and what you can change in the game are super limited. Still an easy buy. 7/10
76561198081569804,Recommended,222730,6984546,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Arlo the Burping Pig,its good
,Recommended,222730,1685225,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,djsw82,awesome sim-like
,Recommended,222730,2955983,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Cield,"Imagine Civ V where you can determine where those awesome plant/animal/mineral can spawn so the nearby settlement can prosper.With the power to re-plan plot location, AND destroy those villages when they misbehave.This is surprisingly fun and easy to play, while still maintains its complexity."
76561198008834011,Recommended,222730,8663197,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,TinheadNed,"Nicer than some of the reviews suggest, it's more of a puzzle game really.  Only let down is for some reason you have to use their wiki to check what resources are created in what biome, which could just be in the tooltip instead."
,Recommended,222730,8998114,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Imyoumom,"This is a great game about resource managements. There is a lot of possibilities and the overall design is very good. The only bad point is the game becomes slow when the planet is full (many towns, different resources everywhere...).Please optimize this game and it will become a wonderfull game !"
,Recommended,222730,8927104,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Adam,"i realy liked this game for the idea of behind it and the gameplay, its a great way to waste time. i say ""waste"" because i always fall trap to trying to make a all the cities get along but the would always misbahve and force me to deystroy them. its essentialy a game where you start of with good intentions but end up killing every last person. hopefuly other poeple have more luck with this game then i do."
76561198078561980,Recommended,222730,6890812,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,grandmom,"It's a lovely game for those who wish to pass time on steam, but it can be a bugger to get to the good parts of the game, as you have to pass three tutorials, which are slow, repetitive, and hard to grasp sometimes.However, this overall is a neat little gem for anyone who feels like a god, but is too modest to do anything besides helping humans, destroying them, or making a landscape to your every specifications.I would say buy it or don't, but here you heard it straight from the piranha's mouth.Or in this case fingers, since im typing this.The End.Now leave me alone, I'm going to play some Team Fortress 2."
,Recommended,222730,7734734,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,TehShrike,"I can't remember the last time I had this much fun with a sim-style game.Calling it a sim-style game is the closest I can get to pinning it down to a genre - it reminds me of an RTS or a Civilization game at times.Good tutorial, simple-but-not-too-simple gameplay, there seems to be plenty of room for depth and optimization in the building up of wealth by spreading villages across the planet.The game is well-polished and the goals it gives me are genuinely fun to seek after. I can't believe this game starts at ten dollars.  I've got to keep playing."
76561198057224292,Recommended,222730,9074258,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,pinkalicious,"This game is too fun! It starts out painfully dull with an overlong explanation on how to build forrests and stuff, but if you can grit your teeth and get past the training of this game there really is alot to it. <3"
,Recommended,222730,9397991,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Kuroha,"Don't let the cheerful design fool you. This is a deep game that requires a lot of thinking and planning, and it has high replayability. One of the better ""god games"" out there."
76561198116471898,Not Recommended,222730,9390422,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,caealn,"In the 90 something minutes I've played this game, I can say this about the game: It's boring. I'm sure it'd be fun for a kid maybe 8 years old, but for anyone above I can't imagine them having fun. There are definitely other better Indie games out there you can spend your dollars on."
,Recommended,222730,9390886,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Zalder,A fun god-game with tons of achievs to occupy your time. Reasonably priced and days of replayability. Get it if you're looking for something like this.
,Recommended,222730,9494104,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,EmoCosplayer,"It's a great game, but I think something is wrong with the latest update. The game will start up just fine, but once I start a game, new or loaded, it will crash at the first loading screen. If anyone can help me figure out what's causing this, I'd be very grateful. Once again, great growing game. One of my favourites~"
,Not Recommended,222730,9438646,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Arodyn,"This game as had to many problems to count, Many people who bought the game are now stuck with a unplayable version. Check the forums yourself and be damn sure you have the correct graphics card to play. Beware however that may not even safe you from not being able to play"
76561198075063422,Recommended,222730,6782718,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Homosexual Whale,VERY GUD GAME
,Recommended,222730,9442207,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Sophisticated Cyborg,I like playing this game at 1 in the morning
76561198041438351,Recommended,222730,9416859,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Moodwaffle,The tutorial is so damn long I quit playing before it was over.  I've played enough games to be able to work things out.  If the tutorial was 30+ minutes... I might have played this and enjoyed it more.
,Recommended,222730,2460160,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,[Rakurai_Sempai],Play as creators of the world and try not destroy it.
,Recommended,222730,9748856,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Kirrrrsty,"Super pretty! A nice, relatively simple game that you can just sit and relax to while shaping a world for your 'followers'. Lovely to play."
76561198079118916,Not Recommended,222730,9323165,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,awesomedudenesbitt,"Not for mac. I couldnt find out if this was a mac game or not but every time I would try to play it. An error would pop up saying""MUST HAVE STEAM ACTIVE"" I always keep steam active but the game didnt want to work."
76561198045213925,Recommended,222730,7304158,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Sweepea38,"Reus is the most interesting, yet frustrating RTS I've ever played. You start off simple, and slowly build your way up while playing games of 30 minutes long. This game gets better the more you play it so, buy it now! It's so fun!"
76561198013809346,Recommended,222730,9286662,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,The_Wise_Weasel,"This is the very essence of the ""easy to play, difficult to master"" game. I expected to be about as engaged as I am by Angry Birds (which is to say, moderately but not for long at a time) and instead was sucked into a game whose cartoony cheerfulness hides serious strategy and a deep, deep interlocking build system.Cheap at twice the price, and a deceptive gem."
,Recommended,222730,9295949,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,TemnoTsar,"This is a fun and easy game to concept. I played it for about 4hrs before having to uninstal it from my laptop (issues with laptop, not the game).The game is a very simple game where you control four gods who create life. Depending on how well you do, will effect the humans. The game can be challeging in some areas, but once you get the hang of the game, it is very simple."
,Recommended,222730,9300002,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,ItsyaboyPutt-Putt[hellcase.com],If you are patient and love tranquil strategy games that are fun but make you think. This game for for you
,Not Recommended,222730,8939010,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Big Slunch,"I the concept and art of this game are interesting, but the gameplay itself gets old quickly. Usually, I don't care that much about gameplay, as I'm more of a story-driven gamer, but this game has little to no story either. The game is basically just an achievement hunt, and while that can be good, it can't be the basis for an entire game, in my opinion. The game just felt...pointless. Oh, and the fact that the achievement hunt was timed? Not a fan. Building a custom world was cool. But there's only so much you can do to the terrain. It's not a bad game, there's just not much it offers to my playstyle. 6/10: Cool concept, limited gameplay."
,Recommended,222730,2707601,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,ElectronicPhoenix,"Interesting take on ""God"" games. It may seem basic at first but it gets fairly complicated."
76561198071691698,Recommended,222730,12112197,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,mattfan564,Nice little fun game that is fun to go back to every once in a while. The graphics are really nice and simple and mechanics and gameplay itself couldn't be better. It sometimes can take a while to actually develop a village and I would would say thats its only downfall. 8.5/10
,Recommended,222730,12104331,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Greaterthansign Pig™,"Interesting, fresh. Not likely that your average gamer will get days worth of gaming out of it, but if you like puzzlers this is a good one and is worth a look."
76561198048710049,Recommended,222730,11935315,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Levi acceptus,Its really something fresh and new. I like this game alot :).
,Recommended,222730,11937099,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Randwarf,Congratulations! You have reached second level! Now you will waste even more time!
,Recommended,222730,11938883,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,WoldenDans,"An excellent game, with beautiful graphics and a lot of replayability.If you love optimizing things, pursuing achievements and being constrained by time, I would totally recommand this game to you!"
,Recommended,222730,11941388,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Tyflo,"This game is full to the brim with Charm, it's excellently presented and crafted as well. The sound is nice and the art style is very pleasant to look at. It can be a slightly shallow experience if you don't go too far in but it's full of tiny details that fix this mostly, it has problems yes, but it's still very enjoyable to play, especially considering the amiable price. I'd reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,222730,11911728,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Bearo,"I had high hopes for this game.It sadly falls low for though it has god like mechanics, it only gives you very limited ways to execute them.If you want a game about solving a puzzle to keep civilization sustained, you may like Rues.If you want a game where you are gods who sculpt the world in your own way, well thats only an illusion."
,Recommended,222730,11912196,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Landwolf,Simple and fun!
,Recommended,222730,11963611,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,BackToPokeball,Mankinds are such ♥♥♥♥♥es D:
,Not Recommended,222730,11964763,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Mr.AFK,Pretty stale and shallow gameplay. Not worth buying.
,Recommended,222730,11968187,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Dolenwen,"Oh look another casual and easy to pick up game Kris likes.Reading my reviews one might think I never play anything longer or serious.No, but Reus is fun and cute and will amuse you.I dunno what the price but if it's currently sub $10 then you should definitely buy it."
76561198022561209,Recommended,222730,11969183,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,tom_trottel,"Oh. It is a litte civilisation with vector graphics. Excellent sound, nicely done graphics, neat User Interface, good Ideas. I bought it in a sale. It's worth 2.50 in every case. If it is worth 9,99, yes if you are fan of the style it is in every case."
,Recommended,222730,11942012,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Ironbean Sandwichshop,"This game is very fun and easy to pick up on as well,its fun to play and very addictive"
76561198140994727,Recommended,222730,11942040,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,User,"Used a giant to punch an ocean in mountains other neat crap.    Made people, made said people war eachother, then smote the people I did not like.   People from remaining villiage became ignant, so i smote them too.   Made new people, accidently made wayyyy to many people, used mountain giant to cause earthquake and quelled population.  still playing....  going to get people to attack me and then smite them again."
76561198039690622,Recommended,222730,11957228,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,pendragonfankid,Peaceful game that makes you think. You end up contemplating minor effects and how to make them stack up to complete the tasks given to you.
76561197998257334,Recommended,222730,11913161,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,soldyne,"Deceptively addictive.  It lures you in with its cute graphics and simple UI until you start to realize the confounding interconnectedness of its resource synergies.  I spent just as much time outside of the game planning my strategies as I did in the game realizing I needed new strategies.  Trying to wrap your head around how all the resources and ambassadors and power trees work together is like to trying to map out a bowl of spaghetti; its messy, squishy, wibbly, wobbly and damned satisfying once you've figured out how to slurpped it all up.This is NOT a god/sim game.  it IS a math puzzle game dressed up as a god game.  it will frustrate you at first, but, eventually you will feel like a god once you think you have it all figured out...and then those danged villigers start another war!  GAH!  Stop Fighting!"
,Not Recommended,222730,11913494,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Eagle,"It seems fun at first, but after a hour of gameplay... NOT worth it"
,Recommended,222730,11914329,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,azmitch,Wooooow i have to say im not that much of a fan of these type of games but i loved this and i might do it for youtube check my youtube by going to my profile and clicking the link and then╔═╦╗╔╦╗╔═╦═╦╦╦╦╗╔═╗║╚╣║║║╚╣╚╣╔╣╔╣║╚╣═╣╠╗║╚╝║║╠╗║╚╣║║║║║═╣╚═╩══╩═╩═╩═╩╝╚╩═╩═╝
76561197973045489,Recommended,222730,613889,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Yo-Han,"Extremely charming god game where you place the resources instead of the people. Great art, music, and a lot of deep strategy here."
76561197970993056,Recommended,222730,11930668,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,atreidae,"Only played for a little bit but my first impression has been very positive.  Pretty solid game mechanics, but takes quite a bit of thought without a ton of pressure.  The different tiers of village upgrades scale well and I can definitely recommend this!"
,Recommended,222730,11930800,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,YienReap,Fun and addictive for the first few hours I played.
,Recommended,222730,11930885,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Newsense,"This is the resource management part of Civ on crack. This game makes you manage growth and forces you to think long-term, and the ambassador system complements that well. The variety of possible resource combinations and the ""platformer"" aesthetic is a combination that takes some getting used to, as well as the unique interface of using 4 giants to do anything. But once you get the hang of it, it's very easy to get hooked into hour-long games. The achievements challenge you with different playstyles, and helps keep a high replay value. Very fun game, worth a try."
,Recommended,222730,11932863,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Call of Duty - Kid,"A very enjoyable puzzle/god game. It manages to blend casual atmosphere and a surprising degree of strategy together seamlessly, while still remaining fun to play. The look and feel of the game is lovely. Reus manages to be both a challenging and relaxing experience simultaneously, and I recommend it highly.Der 2D-Grafikstyle des Spiels ist wunderbar. Alles ganz fein gezeichnet und liebevoll animiert.Überhaupt hat dies Spiel einen ganz eigenen Character des Aussehens. Für mich eine gänzlich neue Erfahrung-Das Spiel ist eine Mischung aus Godgame, Aufbau- und Strategie. Strategisch von der Seite her - man sollte genau schauen, das man zueinander passende Produkte auf der Erde plaziert, wie z.B. Beeren, und genau darauf Hühner. Dies gibt noch einmal einen ExtraBonus in der Erzeugung von Nahrungsgütern."
76561198076587335,Recommended,222730,11934204,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,bujablaster,"Very nice another strategy game. It teaches player about closed-(eco)system in whole planetary measure. Everything depends on everything, every resource is interconnected to another one.Love it and love its well done graphics art style. And giants are beautiful :)."
,Recommended,222730,12041648,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,arkane66,Dis gaem fookin awsom !1.!11!!!11!!111111!!!!1
,Recommended,222730,1460747,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Tampashrew,"For the price of lunch with a friend at McDonald's, this game gives far more than a Big Mac meal can. It plays a lot like a scientist would, tinkering with the world, experimenting with new techniques and whatnot and watching as the world grows around it, thriving or dying depending on what you do with your giants. Overall, a fun game for the price, would recommend."
,Recommended,222730,12031654,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Mona Lisa Overdrive,What an interesting dynamic on god games. Great visuals and fun gameplay.
,Recommended,222730,3085348,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Makvilok,Nice game. Something between Civilization and Settlers + Spore. Like it.
76561198050854979,Recommended,222730,12018581,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Beanasaurus,"I find this game to be an enjoyable toy to play with for 30 minutes or an hour at a time.  I can just tinker and see what happens.  I enjoy the aesthetic, the basic narrative, and the gameplay, but I'm not very hardcore when it comes to micro-managing and planning in simulation games, so take what I say with a grain of salt."
,Not Recommended,222730,11872330,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Chuunks,"I was bored.  There was no incentive to keep playing, it was all the pleasure of organizing your school folder.This game is for compulsive gamers who are after that achievement tingle."
76561198009056911,Not Recommended,222730,11829165,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Frisky Doge,"In games like Reus, replay value needs to be high. Sadly, my experience with Reus in this regard has proven to be poor. While fun to play, the game requires constant resetting to start a new ""world"". Given the amount of times Reus requires this, the content should be much greater and less dull. Building a world requires quite a lot of effort and once time runs out, players are essentially forced to start over from scratch to reach new goals. I can see this system working for some, but for me it only serves to frustrate. Since the game is fun and worthwhile for a decent amount of time I'm giving it a 7.5 out of 10 instead of lower. Get it during a sale is my advice."
,Recommended,222730,11951498,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,thisisldm,"I've been playing this for just under 3 hours, and I have to say, it's an very well engineered indie game! Think of it as a cute, toned-down version of Civilization. You control 4 elemental giants (Forest, Water, Swamp and Rock - that basically looks like Groot) that ultimately build up a down-scaled version of Earth. You choose your time limit and see how you get on. It's addictive, HOWEVER there can be a waiting time for the giants to make their next movement - namely travelling. The game has human-based objectives set out too, which need to be met within a time limit. These usually require the basics of food, wealth and tech. If you're happy juggling all that info and playing an easy-going game with elements of ""god-gaming"", I recommend."
,Recommended,222730,11952816,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,azukiwind,"I got this when it got on sale for 2.49 and I think it was worth, however, it is a somewhat strategy game also because of where you put things in certain spots, but it doesn't have to be that complex. Also, if you like creating it is a decent starter. It does get boring at times though you can set challenges, look to get developes, go for achievements, and collect all the trading cards!"
,Recommended,222730,11954415,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Poore,"Love it great game!!! I've played so many hours in a row....I don't know about anybody else but I HATE it when the villagers attack the giants.  It doesn't make any sense that they would attack what made them, guarding the giants becomes your top priority because you don't gain any achievments if you lose one..........   That's stupid, why should I lose all of my progress because some village became fed up with me for no reason.after getting to a certain point in the game you can't help but have villages that get greedy,  even with the danger up in the middlethis is my only nitpick with the game, other than that its great"
,Recommended,222730,12219784,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,matte,The main thing I can say is stick with it.  When I first played I was daunted by eveything that the game threw at me and I stopped playing.  I decided to give it a second chance and suddenly things started clicking and then the game became brilliantly fun.
76561197965916889,Recommended,222730,19218788,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Dalyon,"You'd think it is some form of civilization developement game at first, when it then cleverly blends into a puzzle game all about getting the highest score. Using the four giants powers to shape the planet and fill the earth with riches, the goal is to feed the settling towns and help them develop as much as possible.The skill curve involved is surprisingly large as in order to gain the highest scores you need to combine, match, remove and replace resources to maximise the bonuses on -every-single-tile-.You're basically trying to build a tower as high as possible, but having to repeatedly tear down and replace the pillars as you get stronger materials to build with, in order to build even higher."
76561198096174265,Recommended,222730,10895794,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mr. Motivation,"This game is brilliant.  It has a wonderful art style, a really interesting gameplay system and some of the challenges you're given to do for the settlements are hilarious.  But most importantly, this is a fun game and I would recommend this to anyone who plays games because they want to have an entertaining experience.  5/5"
76561197970375944,Recommended,222730,18749942,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Coyote,"Solid strategy game with a clearly defined scope -- is well balanced and forces you to make meaningful decisions as to what goals you wish to accomplish and what gets left by the wayside.  Mechanics are well explained and more or less work as you expect them to.  Charming artistic style and well defined progression with challenging ""endgame"" achievements round out the package.  Firmly recommended."
,Recommended,222730,18984793,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,MTheOutsiderN,"I'll keep my review short. It's a fun little game that you can play for some casual fun, and it's an easy game that you can get lost in time with if you need a calming and easy escape from life for a little while."
76561198042298124,Recommended,222730,18978489,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,FFSWolfie5,"A very calm and realxing game, I quite enjoy the soundtrack as well. The art style is very quaint and fits well with the mechanics of the game and music. There's also a surprising amount of detail in the artwork if you keep zooming in. The mechanics of the game are pretty interesting, I find myself wanting to snag the achievements not just because they're there, but because they're like stepping stones to help you learn how different bits of the game work and how to advance. They also unlock extra ""branches"" when manipulating the world, you unlock new combos and creatures. You can set the world duration to a couple of different lengths depending on how much time you want to spend trying to unlock stuff, or play an endless mode without achievements.My recommendation? Buy it, its fun and relaxing and a great way to kill an hour."
,Recommended,222730,19384991,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Lλmbda,Smashed a village to pieces with Rockbro because it had a too high prosperity.I love this game.
76561197984156090,Recommended,222730,19789189,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,MM,"Well worth even it's full price.Don't expect a very detailed, deep strategy game - it's a ""casual"" game but with a solid game design and a few cool ideas - one of the good indie games. Easy to understand the basics and is really fun as a short game."
,Recommended,222730,19801443,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Leoxiphos,"Cool, but falls a bit short, not much to do and it's quite limited, an awesome change would be to make the play area 3d, and maybe add more planets.8/10?"
,Recommended,222730,19811001,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nab,I am used to games claiming they run on linux and then failing. Reus takes the opposite approach: Doesn't advertise it runs on steam/linux. Isn't tagged for penguins. Works like a charm (on a debian/stable).Technical stuff aside: The game is a fun Godsim. 4 giants with slightly asymmetric skill trees and more layers of gamedynamics than I can remember. The challenge maps are all timed with a preset that you have to pick yourself. Might feel weird to you if you prefer to god it at your own pace and wouldn't finish the tutorial under 6 hours.But I like knowing in advance that I can play one or two rounds in an hour.
,Recommended,222730,19798369,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Alice,"Strategy, creativity, organizing, playing god - this is an awesome game!It only takes some time to complete the tutorials and to understand how the game logic works, but it's totally amazing!"
76561198031239270,Recommended,222730,19560223,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Crazed1867,Incredibly simple and yet highly addictive
76561197974713388,Not Recommended,222730,19572519,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Jackdaw,Unfortunately it got boring fast.
76561198027473121,Recommended,222730,19698973,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,YahavDskull,"A cool game, though feels a bit repetitive in the long run"
,Recommended,222730,19666632,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RedWormCharlie,What a wonderfully unique city and society builder.It's hard to keep up with what is happening so it makes you want to play it over and over again.It reminds me a lot of Populous.
76561197971425129,Recommended,222730,517059,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,TheStratovarian,"Reus is, a real puzzle to describe at first glance. It is one part time attack, one part puzzle, one part fun mystery. The game is amazingly deep for syngery and creativity. Every aspect of the game influences every other part.The best way I can describe it is one part populous, one part sim earth, one part puzzle, with a time limit and progessive fun and aspects that is deep and rewarding, alongside real time challenges that arrive to give you frantically moving to solve or not, given they may be conflicting in nature.A great buy for the cost. And I really hope this game is expanded upon."
76561198081265170,Recommended,222730,20100673,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Malevolent Marvin,its just.....beutifull **CRIES**
76561198144926831,Recommended,222730,20205925,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,turtiletoes,"This game is cool and all, but for lower computer level's it's laggy. Sadly i had to get a refund, but this game is good if you want a challenge!"
76561198040422007,Not Recommended,222730,20161528,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lukasblade2,"If doing the same thing over and over is your thing, go for it. Buy this game if you're willing to go through insanity.Pros:+Nice and cute graphics+Simple controlsCons:- After the tutorial, you HAVE to play fast, taking your time is a fantasy in this game.-not knowing where the village is gonna settle can sometimes ruin your resource placement."
,Recommended,222730,22510970,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Babe,I love this! I wish there was like a 3d version of it! but I reallye enjoy this game.
76561198065987130,Recommended,222730,13172163,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Merasaurus.Rex,This game is delightly challenging. I was originally attracted to the aethetics and the concept of the game and stuck around for the game play and the sense of exploration that happens when you change resources and try to find the best combinations.
76561198060306398,Recommended,222730,13174259,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Irene the Henherd,"I've noticed that it's very easy to get your village(s) greedy and making trouble, so don't put down more resources than your people actually need.That being said, the Giants are cute, the music is lovely, and the gameplay quite peaceful.Definitely a good chill-out game. :)"
76561198135228923,Recommended,222730,13132812,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Meow-Professor,"A cautious recommendation. I do enjoy this game, but it's just not enticing me to come back to it.An overview of the gameplay first. Reus is a game where you control several giants who can terraform the land, with the ability to create things like forests, oceans, mountains, deserts, etc. Once you create one of these areas, nomads will move in and settle cities. Once these nomads are settled, you need to nurse them by giving them food, wealth, and science, while trying to stop them from getting greedy and having wars.Every ""biome"" has a different type of city. For example, forests house cities that require food to grow. Deserts create cities that require wealth, and swamp cities require science, or knowledge. Each giant specializes in one of things. The forest giant can make bushes and trees for food, the rock giant can create minerals for wealth, and the swamp giant makes herbs for science. The water giant can make animals, which contribute to food. Most giants can do something for each of these. The rock giant can create minerals for science, the swamp giant animals for wealth.Cities need these things to build ""projects"", which allow them to expand. These projects have time limits in which you need to get a certain amount of food, science, or wealth. Every project you finish rewards you with one of the cities' respective ambassadors. These ambassadors unlock (or power up) abilities of your giants.Giants have more abilities then just creating bushes or minerals; they can also infuse things with certain attributes. Some attributes raise the food of bushes, or the science of minerals. There are three strengths of attributes, normal, potent and greater. Some of these tile improvements can transmute into better versions once they are infused with a certain attribute. Blueberries can transmute into strawberries, strawberries into pear trees. The greater transmutations require stronger attributes.So with transmutations out of the way, there is another important mechanic about tile improvements. This is called symbiosis. Symbiosis is something that raises the amount of food/wealth/science an improvement gives under certain conditions. Some minerals give double wealth when near another mineral, some animals give extra food while near berries. This is extremely important, considering you only have a small amount of tiles in the city to work with. You need to take advantage of this to maximize the city's resources.You do not want to make a city too large too fast, though, because then they'll get greedy. When cities get greedy, they are going to start wars with other civlizations, and potentially destroy them. They might also start to take your giants for granted and attack them. Don't worry though, because the swamp and rock giants have attacks. You can use these attacks to destory armies, riots, and even cities themselves if they become problems.There are a couple of ways to regulate greed in this game. The first is to very slowly give them resources. Their greed is raised when the number of resources they have available is higher then the amount of resources they are currently using by 20.The second way is to infuse animals near the city with the attribute of danger. Certain amounts of danger with stop their greed from rising completely. Be careful, though, because too much danger will cause the city to slowly die.If their greed does rise, you can simply humiliate them by dealing damage to the city to lower their greed. Make sure your attacks won't kill them, though.Something you might have noticed from the overview of the game is that it is about keeping balance. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it gets kind of slow sometimes. I found myself waiting quite a bit for their resources in use to rise so I could return to optimizing my tile improvements, without them getting greedy.This is a very casual game. The meat of it is trying to develop the cities certain ways in a 30/60 minute time limit to get new transmutations and achievements. If you are the kind of person who seeks out to have every unlockable in the game, then this isn't too bad. I personally didn't quite like it, but I do enjoy unlocking the new transmutations, which let you make your cities bigger from the larger boosts they give, allowing you to get larger achievements.My main problem with the game is that I never really had a drive to play it more. I do enjoy this game, and whenever I play it I have fun, but I feel like I haven't got anything worthwhile left to do. The transmutations, which I am interested in unlocking, do not say what you need to do to get them, like the achievements do. I'd assume that getting an achievement also unlocks a corresponding transmutation, but this seems kind of inconsistent for me.Another thing I really don't like is that you can't see how much time you have left for your particular game. As I've said before, you can choose between a 30 minute session and a 60 minute one. You can also play an unlimited game with no time limit, but this doesn't contribute to your achievements.At the end of the time limit, your giants will go to sleep one by one. This is really annoying, because the time it takes and the order they go to sleep is all random. Many times I need to place just one improvement or one transmutation when the giant I need goes to sleep, resulting in me having to start a whole other game for the achievement I was just about to get.There are lots of things I like about this game, though. I always enjoy keeping balance between two greedy cities, or working to optimize my tile improvements to help the civilization with their projects.In conclusion, this is a fun game that is just too casual to be fully recommended. There are a few problems I have with the game that takes away from the experience, but if this sounds like something for you, go right on ahead. There's lots of ways to develop your cities, so each game stays pretty fresh, although sometimes the requirements of the achievements are quite limiting."
76561198092781086,Not Recommended,222730,13525359,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Siphiwe Tshabalala,"Good concept, bored within 20 mins"
,Recommended,222730,13527824,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Coeleman,"Great game! Sometimes a little complicated, especially at the start, but an interesting approach to the god games."
76561198038901487,Recommended,222730,13422484,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,wyndflyght,"Story:There is a theme, but not really a story, which is fine for this game. You are the planet, and you control four sentient giants that place resources to develop villages and unlock new resources. Presumably after your giants fall asleep, the world keep developing and at some point annihilate each other through thermonuclear war, which is why you wake up to a wasteland each time.Gameplay:I think Reus' mechanics stand out as the reason why I would come back to this game. There is a race against time to get as much prosperity as you can, but grow a village too fast and it will get greedy. On top of that, random developments means there is never one cookie cutter ""best"" option, and the ambassador system gives you the hard choice of picking which upgrades you want (and which ones you forsake).Having said that, I dislike the progression system, where you have to get achievements to unlock higher level resources. Playing two hours to unlock one achievement so you can use the resource that it unlocks to play another two hours to unlock another achievement is not fun. It is possible to get all of the achievements with a minimal number of well-planned playthroughs, but a casual player will not accomplish this.UI/Controls:The controls work fine, but the camera can be a pain to manage at times, and it would be a lot better if there was an option to queue up commands. One pain point for me is that the game doesn't tell me which high level natural resources I have access to and what they do until I actually transmute into them, so I often found myself alt-tabbing between the game and the online wiki (which has quite a few errors) when planning what to build.Graphics/Audio:Not much to say here. There's some pleasant background music to listen to as you play, and the animal sprites can be fun to watch if you zoom in enough.Replayability:I have mixed feelings on this. On the one hand, the game mechanics around developments means that each playthrough will be different, and you can make it even more different if you choose different ambassador setups. Also, the one-hour challenges that appear after you unlock all of the achievements are a reason to keep at the game. However, after playing through the 2-hour era a couple of times, I felt that the minor variations in each playthrough were not enough of an interesting new experience to keep me playing.Summary:I would cautiously recommend this game to people who like god games. People who like optimization in games will enjoy the mechanics of this game, but otherwise the slow progression system will likely cause players to burn out."
,Recommended,222730,13421773,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,iciclepop,This was addictive at first but I've stopped playing after 8 hours. Got it on sale though so no biggy
76561198040878939,Recommended,222730,13793150,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,thegreatshepherd,About on the same level as Black & White.Except 2D
,Recommended,222730,13735048,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ObbyDelirious,"Really cool game!It offers lots of variety, but won't let things become too complicated. I like the Era game style where you have a certain amount of time to do your best, also it's nice that you can decide how many villages you're gonna build (e.g. how difficult the game becomes).If you're looking for a nice build-up game with lots of possibilities, I recommend this."
76561198018898235,Recommended,222730,13736234,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mourning Light,As far as god games go this is one of the best I have played in a very long time.  The graphics aren't going to win any awards but the game play is easy to pick up and can be addicting (I'd have more played time but I have to work for a living)  I highly reccomend it to anyone looking for a well made casual game.
76561198015994881,Not Recommended,222730,13739318,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,The Guy with Lag,"No.This isnt a god game you may be expecting from it. You have 4 giants. Spend your time and serve humans.. You arent a god you are a servant. Yes in many god games you have your own people and you want them to advance but in return they worship you , give you powers and all to destroy enemies. In this game only thing you get is humans giving an abassador which allows you to unlock even more lame powers. Like make fruits give MORE fruits!! or animals giving more.. or minerals giving more wealth..!! such creativity.Humans are greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in this game. No ı am not talking about the greed system. They just keep giving you more objectives and as you complete them, they are no longer impressed with smaller objectives.  İ understand it may be neccessary but  game feels like humans are the boss of the game, they keep telling you what to do and you are expected to make them happy.  But you get more powers? No thats not a reward you get lame powers that allows you to serve them a bit more..its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,  worst thing you can do is destroying their village.. and thats it. GGGo play black and white 2 and feel like a real god. even in sales this game doesnt worth it."
76561198126713755,Recommended,222730,13739692,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Mine0nine,Its a great game espescialy for the creative types!
,Recommended,222730,13741860,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Calypsosin,"This is a great game.The giants are fun to use, and I love the detail that went into their different abilities.It's a great strategy/god mode game. It's like a really toned down Black and White, where you are only terraforming the world, and trying to balance that terraforming so the humans won't become too greedy and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up.8/10"
76561198013650841,Not Recommended,222730,13756101,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,UDON,"Seemed to be a very linear game with a lack of incentive to continue playing, very slowTo be fair, I didn't play it for long; because it just got way too boring"
,Not Recommended,222730,13775888,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Dissonant Serenity,Fun while it lasts but it grows old very fast especialy for the price.
,Recommended,222730,13776309,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Lunafreya Nox Fleuret,So Interesting yet so challenging
,Recommended,222730,13777907,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Mr. Potato,Great game! Can be hard and challenging at times. A lot of powers to unlock and milestones to reach. I recommend it 9/10.
76561198041658078,Recommended,222730,17233893,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Konur,"Buy it, You won't be disappointed."
76561198055433167,Recommended,222730,17292595,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,tgshchris,"I have mixed feelings about this game, it is a fun game for me but could I recommend it? Well let's talk about it first.Reus is a God game, you have 4 gods, Ahem Giants, at your control. A water, rock, forest, and swamp giant. (By your powers combined, I am really cruel...) you start on a baron planet of nothing and using their powers attempt to build a world where humans can settle and hopefully survive (Because apparently they keep killing the planet while you are asleep. Um...) You get 30 minutes to 2 hours (Possibly longer, idk) to mess around and build up the landscape for people to enjoy.The challenge comes from progression. You have certain tasks to complete, such as making a swamp village with 500 prosperity by the end of the game. You need to complete these challenges to unlock better plants, animals and minerals. And you need better resources to get bigger projects done later in the game in order to progress more.Once you make a forest, hill, or swamp area simply put any resource near it (It does not matter what) And a settler will move in to occupy that. Create more resources for them to grow. Villages will grow once they complete projects, projects are random buildings that pop up requiring X amount or resources to be finished. Then poof, the village grows and someone from the village will become an ambassador  (For your giants, they pick them up and for some reason can make better resources.)Resources you place can give multiple, well resources, (like some fish give both Food and Gold) They can be given buffs to give out more, placing them near certain other resources will grant a bonus to their yield, and sometimes location determines how much they produce. (For example, a fruit tree will do better if in a forest and surrounded by other trees) You wont know what works where until you just try it out, then beat the crap out of the test village you just made extremely greedy before they kill someone.2 problems I have with resources.1) Resources at first will confuse the crap out of you if you are anything like me. You assume a village needs food right?  WRONG!!! Unless they are building something that requires food, it is a worthless resource that only takes up very limited space. You dont need a balance of all the resources, you just need whatever it is the villagers happen to want at the time. This means that your villagers could want to build a granary one second requiring a bunch of food, and after that is done they suddenly want Gold so you have to replace all of the food squares with gold. Which can be really annoying.2) To add more challenge I guess, villages also have a ""Greed"" meter. Give them to many resources at once, they will do one of two things. attack and kill another village or attack and try to kill the closest giant to them, basically forcing you to send Rocky to pummel their settlement into dust (Also forcing you to start over, do not walk off or another village will spawn almost instantly in the same place and get greedy almost instantly because of the resources that are there, destroy them) This is so irritating when something requiring completely different resources pops up. You can combat greed with danger, say put some scary animals near the boarder, they will kill them instead of going to war. But again, uses up space.The game is about managing multiple villages at once so that they will all grow slowly around the same time and wont get to greedy. (Until one of the little S***s tries to build something that requires them to win a war, in which case give them a bunch of crap and say goodbye to another village) Give them what they need so they will give you what you want (ambassadors) so you can make bigger better towns to populate your planet before your timer runs out and your tired giants pass out ending the game. It is simple to learn, very hard to master.It is a lot more fun than it is irritating I will say that, worth a try at least."
,Recommended,222730,18040240,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,One Stand More,"Whether it rhymes with Zeus or  rhymes Deus, Reus is a game of gods."
76561198065877448,Recommended,222730,17757376,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,SweepingsDemon,"*Not I mostly played this offline when I was stranded in a rural area so my actual game time is ~20 hours.This is, as others have said, a puzzle placement game. However, I think it is also something of a god game. Other reviews have mentioned greed levels getting way out of control and only being able to be brought down by destroying part of the villages; this is not true. Typically, destroying any armies sent out by villages increases their awe rating; as long as you continue to perform miracles and/or kill insurgents, no one will challenge you. This is a challenging god game with a heavy reliance on synergy, balance, and intimate knowledge of the game's mechanics. While the unlock system is annoying and the game becomes unwieldy during longer sessions, it is satisfying and has a lot of heart.TLDR; Greed can be controlled by awe and redistribution of wealth. Game requires certain goals to be met to unlock new gameplay. Annoying during longer play sessions but overall a great experience."
76561198104350244,Recommended,222730,17515270,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Romeulis,Got it because it had been on my WishList for some time and wont kill me to buy it. I didnt expect much but it turned out to be very fun not a game that you will play for a couple hours and be done lots of fun for days to come. :)
76561198101461573,Recommended,222730,17904066,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,✪Noble,I am not even that far into the game and i can tell you i already really like the game.
,Recommended,222730,17963968,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Fyreee,"This game doesn't get NEARLY as much recognition as it should. This is my absolute favorite God Game, and I love trying different things every time, because there is just SO much diversity! 10/10"
,Recommended,222730,18095142,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Bhood,Extremely creative and challenging if your looking for a new expierence to the strategy world look no further.
,Recommended,222730,1334772,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Val,"fun little godsim or whatever you want to call it. The game takes place on a 2d rotating plane with giants that you control to improve the land, attracting humans to live on the planet. Using your abilities you improve their life but a mechanic is in place that if you help them too much they'll get greedy and start attacking the giants. You have to take your time improving the land but can't take too long as the levels have time limits, finding a balance is key to having a thriving planet.This sums up the game almost entirely, if you like the sound of that you may enjoy the game. The visuals are clear and nice to look at, there isn't a ton of challenge however unless you make it hard for yourself by purposely spoiling the humans.All in all it's a fun game and has entertained me, though lacking in any major depth it's still a quality game and I do recommend it if you enjoy godsims/town management."
76561198009253528,Recommended,222730,18197899,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,soulreaver,"So in my opinion this game is heavily influenced by the modern style of games. What do I mean by that?It feels like a mobile/tablet game as it rewards you a lot for playing, especially at the beginning when you are still new to the game you can unlock a lot of achievements and new objects just by playing it once. Of course later, these ""easy"" ones are gone and you have to focus on a few achievements to unlock them in a game but then you have more experience so it balances out again. On the other hand you have these very specified time lengths for your games. I found myself mostly playing the 30 minute mode up to now but you can decide yourself and also go for 1-hour-games for example.The graphic is really cute and good in my opinion and it fits this game perfectly. The rounds you play will be always a bit different from before even though you always start with an empty planet of a certain size. But because of the possible achievements and your own preferences you can change it into different planets every time but the bigger the planet and the more cities you have, the more you are running around with your giants and sometimes you might lose track of one village because you concentrate so much on the other side of the map.Overall I really like this game and I think it fits the newer gamer generation very well with the short but rewarding round-style. But if you like build-up games you can have lots of fun with this game."
76561198079968838,Recommended,222730,18153211,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Waffleman19039,This game is very good if you wana just sit back and play a melow game
,Recommended,222730,18143060,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Migi,Yes.
76561198058699167,Recommended,222730,18179665,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Adoring Fan,"There once were four great beings who shifted from the very earth itself...They made the planet habitable, and filled it with all kinds of life... That including humans.Many civilizations formed, but after countless years of war, poverty, and advancement, three Kingdoms remained...In their modern era, all three kingdoms lived in peace, and happiness among one another... Until...The giants grew jealous if each other's weath and influence... Built alliances... Influenced there little humans to... Assault their neighbors.This led the planet to War... Chaos... Causualties beyond compare...In the end... A single village remained... It had been heavily war-torned, and all the giants looked down upon it in grief, for having caused so much trouble to humanity...The Giants grew tired, and depressed, and decided it was time to form back into the very earth itself.Without the giants to watch over it... Humanity, and all life died...For an unknown amount of time, the giants finally awoken, and repeated the process.GG. 10/10. Best God Game on the market."
,Recommended,222730,17770033,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Crowbar Jones,"Really nice world builder, gotta love how much they achieved through the simplicity."
,Recommended,222730,17763476,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Sungross👌,"Very interesting.That's pretty much what I have to say about it.Obviously I'm kidding, but this game just getsboring. It's very fun on the first playthrough, and I had a blast in the sandbox-like mode. But this game easily bores you. It might get confusing for someone looking at this review and seeing my hours, but that was my hours trying to find any fun after the first five or so. I've played off and on for the past year, but I just can't recommend this game to may people. So, decide for yourself.Pros- Cute graphics- Easy controls- Lots of things to upgrade- Giants are balanced and are not super OP- Fun for the first playthroughCons- Amount of work to get something upgraded even on easy- Balancing happiness and greed can be very difficult (game-breaking difficult)- Weird pacing- Acts more like a puzzle game than anything elseSo if you like puzzle games that can be quite difficult, this game is for you. If you like god games or anything else advertised... ehh... wait for the Universim to come out."
76561198084171288,Recommended,222730,17765273,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MAD_Craft,"immersive, lots of combinations, and simple to follow yet still has abit of a challengeonly downside is that it can get rather boring after about 6 hours of total gameplay"
,Not Recommended,222730,17768084,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,tictocbodhi,Very boring...
76561197965313675,Not Recommended,222730,16998782,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ZK,unlocking stuff is very difficult and un-relaxing. You get a time limit per game until you unlock unlimited time mode. so you get limited time per game to try to unlock stuff. artificial difficutly for the win!
76561198042155049,Recommended,222730,16971079,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Dodds,"Reus, released May 2013, is a simulation game developed and produced by Abbey Games. In Reus, the player has control over four 'giants' (forest, water, rock and swamp) and  must use the powers of each in combination to create a world suitable for the uncontrollable people (Villagers) and support them as they grow larger and expect more from the giants.Every so often, a village will ask the giants to help them create a special kind of building which will require certain resources based upon what type of village it is (Forest, Mountain or Swamp) and what resources the town is based around (Food, Wealth or Tec). Resources come from minerals, plants and animals, which can be upgraded to supply more resources and gain different symbiosis abilities. symbiosis is the name of the special abilities each different resource has, for example, one mineral will increase the resources it gives if next to a plant and one animal will increase resources if its next to the same kind of animal. If the player successfully supplies the village with the supplies in the required time limit, and build the special building, they will be rewarded with a village ambassador which, when given to  a giant, will either unlock or upgrade the giants ability and allow them to create better resources.As a village gets bigger, the villagers will become less impressed with the giants and instead of giving the giants an ambassador for every building, they will only reward the play when they help create upgraded special buildings and after a while they only reward the player for every third tier building they help create.At the same time, a player cant give a village a lot of resources too quickly, or else that village will become greedy and go to war with other villages and the only way to stop a village that has declared war is to use your giants to destroy the village, removing it from the game, but allowing another village to take its place. This dynamic stops a player from instantly creating a village with a lot of resources.After a village gains a certain level of prosperity, it spawns a nomad, who scours the globe looking for another place to live, if the player doesn't create any other inhabitable areas, the nomad will create a village close to the already existing village, inhibiting the villages of expanding in that direction.This is definitely one of the best indie games on the market. I liked the use of achievements to unlock better upgrades for plants, which allow for the creation of better villages. The graphics are also very well done and give the game a nice cartoon-y feel. Mechanically, the game is well thought out, with mechanics stopping a player focusing on a single are of the planet, and stopping them from upgrading a town too quickly.It would be hard to change this game too much without changing the game completely, but one thing the game could probably do as an improvement, would be to introduce another giant, or adjust existing giant abilities that allow for the use of the sky above the villages.In short, this game is defiantly worth picking up, and I look forward to seeing what Abbey Games does next."
76561198093887976,Recommended,222730,17250227,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Panteni,"This game is one of the god/puzzle games that i most enjoyed, and i've played quite a few. Not only do you unlock more options by completing achievements, the different options are amazing.The best part? You don't play endlessly to achieve everything, each game you start you have to predefine the timelimits.Buy this game if you want a nice game that you can play every once in a while without getting addicted and still enjoy yourself."
76561197999415833,Recommended,222730,16490811,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Veenox,"Look, everyone who doesn't have this game : It's on sale tomorrow, buy it.It's that good, just buy it.You'll thank me."
76561198009397923,Recommended,222730,2569358,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Nezumirogane,"This is a truely great game. Imagine Setters of Catan meshed with a puzzle and city management game.Reus puts you in control of 4 giants that shape the world and aid the humans in their endeavors. Each giant has an enviornment creation ability: ocean, forest, swamp, and mountain/desert. Creating envoirnments is the first step in gameplay and provides the humans with places to settle. The giants can then create plants, animals, and minerals on the earth which provide food, wealth, technology, and other aspects that affect the growth of the cities.Cities will eventually start projects, which require certain levels of food, wealth, and tech, as well as special requests. Once these are finished, the city gets a huge boost in prosperity. To boost prosperity and advance you ""transmute"" resources by giving them aspects, which are improved by completing projects for the cities. Different combinations provide different results, so there is plenty of experimentation.There are also achievements that unlock new transmutations in future plays, greatly boosting replay value. It may seem tedious starting from nothing each time, but it allows you to think of new ways to start out and meet the achievements and eventually finish all of the projects!"
76561198005016984,Recommended,222730,16528839,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Tommie,I am groot!
,Not Recommended,222730,16885646,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,felipe,"the game is beautiful (cartoon), the commands are ok. But for me it is very boring and repetitive.The idea was good, but it gets very repetitive and the difference of some land is almost zero.soundtrack is also boringo jogo é bonito ( desenho animado), os comandos são ok. Mas para mim ele é muito chato e repetitivo.A ideia foi boa, mas fica muito repetitivo e a diferença de alguns terrenos é quase zero.trilha sonora também é entediante"
,Not Recommended,222730,17275064,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Cartof,I am sorry but the tutorial and the game help is.. unnecessary hard. No one will play this to read so much text and left click and right click and control to switch between stuff..This game belongs to early access until it figures out to uncomplicate itself for the casual player.
76561198030707783,Recommended,222730,17749832,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Flaming Badger,"A charming, simple, world-building game. If you don't consult the wiki it will challenge your memory for what plants, animals and minerals go where, what they can be transmuted into and what bonuses they give each other. To build the world you want and satisfy the humans you will have to plan far ahead. It's almost a puzzle game in that regard.There is considerable variety to be had, aiming for all the achievements will require many different worlds and styles of play. And there's just something satisfying about the gentle pace of progress and lovely animations that will keep you coming back."
,Recommended,222730,17753139,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,SupahFuffaloBuffalo,This game is what godus wants to be.
,Recommended,222730,463537,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,NS14,Fantastic God Game!
76561198099268310,Recommended,222730,9935126,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Kat Sedai,"This is definitely a time-killer game. It reminds me of Black & White with the god building premise, and I absolutely love it. Don't look for anything more to it (there's no story to it at all), but its elegant in its simplicity."
,Recommended,222730,16515653,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,maiorsolis,"This game is actually much harder than it looks. But that does not make it any less fun. It needs a lot of thinking, lots of trial and error (in game wiki helps with this). Perfect for people who like to hunt for achievements and unlock extra things. I've only played a little so far, but I have a feeling I can totally play for days. Cute soundtrack and graphics are a nice bow to complete the package!"
,Not Recommended,222730,16530105,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,CaRolus CS.money,Got bored very easily.
,Recommended,222730,16935465,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,I Aten't Dead,"Sometimes we just want to settle down and watch something grow. Reus is that kind of game, or at least would be if it wasn't for a fiendish amount of experimenation and micromanagement lurking just moments under the surface.Deceptively simple, you control four giants with different abilities trying to shape the world around them. Each one interacts with one another allowing you to make the world of your choice and there's a huge balance going on with it all. The catch is, everything's timed. As humanity starts moving in, they'll want the help of the giants to help build projects which will require different amounts of synergy between food, wealth, and technology. And that's not all, you have anywhere from 30 to 120 minutes to make your planet as good as you can, after which humanity is on its own. If you have a couple of villages running about, it isn't too hard. But that isn't the best way to play the game. You need to have at least one of each type of village which will give you ambassadors which will give your giants additional powers. Before long there's an insane and ingenious amount of micromanagement going on and unless you're paying attention to your giants, you won't play at the best of your ability.The game knows this though and takes it slow, giving you a few different types of animals and plants to start with, moving you up over time. The faster you adapt, the more you get to play with. There's also a free play mode too so you can figure out just what to expect from a timed run. All the while, the game remains cute, innocent, and calming, which helps.Definately recommended, though there's a learning curve. Don't get discouraged if you don't do well for a couple runs."
76561197994956951,Recommended,222730,1574350,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Revista,Bem fraco.
76561197970591211,Recommended,222730,16619352,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Eversor,Great game with incredible depth and lasting value.
,Recommended,222730,2614185,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Spaghetti,"A Really Zen, relaxed, casual, slow-paced, god game. Grow some nature, turn a dead rock into a cozy♥♥♥♥♥garden of eve, watch humanity flourish.You basically command four Titans to carry out your orders and use their MS paint powers over nature to cultivate your own world. The humans just sort of work with it, provide you with power and upgrades, and everybody is happy- oh wait, no. If you provide too much the humans can get greedy and kill each other, attack your titans, and be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s... so watch it.Surprisingly a very fun, addictive, and satisfying game- lacks real depth though and is pretty straight forward. Reall just feels like a ""well done"" iphone game.Currently there are only about Five different environments: Ocean, Desert, Forest, swamp, mountain (with specific resources for each) and only three different types of ""Villages"": Forest, desert and swamp. Game would benefit in the long term with a little more diversity and more content.At 10 dollars though it's DEFINITELY worth a purchase. Especially if you enjoyed the Black and White Series, doodle god, or have a soft spot for nature."
,Recommended,222730,10232299,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Gol D. Roger,"Reus is a god/sandbox game. You have 4 elemental giants that allow you to form a planet and provide life for humans, you can either watch them rip eachother apart or allow them to progress so your giants can grow. All in all it's a huge time consumer."
,Recommended,222730,10210595,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Folcro,"This game took me by the heart.Normally, I would dismiss such a game as a time-killing iPad app in PC clothing. But something about the charm of it lead me to anticipate its release.Reus takes everything wrong with humanity and wraps it up in an atmosphere of childish innocense--- a beautiful take on our own world and on who we are.The gameplay, smooth and accomodating, can be called puzzle-solving on analysis but does not feel that way at all; it feels like everything you do is for a reason and yields a natural consequence as in any good simulator. The challenge and reward system also makes for a heap of replayability and excitement for more to work with as you progress.My only wish is that there had been more content and greater limits to strive toward--- but that is my desire of any great game. I'm looking forward to Abbey Games' additional contributions to my library."
76561198026398393,Not Recommended,222730,10208564,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,SilverWolf,love the art work but the game play just seems very unintuitive.
76561198059667376,Recommended,222730,10581726,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The entire state of Illinois,On my quest for all things to be mine. i came across this game good for a long play through easy to understand but not the best around pick up on sale as it can be a bit lengthy
76561198118313959,Not Recommended,222730,11101075,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Spoddly,Good game but its far too slow playing and takes too long to do things
,Recommended,222730,11118233,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Kradd Cho'garr,I am absolutely terrible at this game but I still just want to keep coming back to it. What kind of hold does it have on me? WHAT KIND OF HOLD.
76561198046801841,Recommended,222730,10925008,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,cerulean.spiral,"Well this game was a lot more involved than I was expecting. You have 4 giants, and each one has one main skill (terraforming).  Forest makes forests, Water makes oceans, Rock makes mountains/desert, Swamp makes swampland. Then each one can make plants, animals, or mineral deposits. Each thing you place interacts with other things you can place, to give bonuses. When a town forms in each area (desert, forest, swamp), they start a project objective you have to help them meet by adding more things to get their scores up. If you win, you get an ambassador, which opens new upgrade options. Then each thing previously placed can be upgraded. Those upgrades interact with each thing differently than the original, so you change all of your bonuses each time you change something. As you go along the projects get more difficult. That can make for a lot of different play combinations.The 30 minute games advance you, but I have not worked through those yet. I wanted to do some free play to figure out how everything worked together first. There is definitely plenty of game play for days, here. It's a good game to fiddle with and then save to come back to. Once you become familiar with the rules, you can then alter things further with game options (e.g., world size, ""speed play"", and ""no pause"") to challenge yourself further."
76561198028442859,Recommended,222730,10925686,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,IceRhinoz,"It's a good game, but not for everyone. You are in control of 4 different giants that shape the world and help the civilizations grow and develop. You'll be doing things like creating patches of food, mineral, etc for the cities, and  also stoping them from destroying each other(optional).There is really no story to it.  You'll always start same way, with same limited number of patches for cities and resources. The point of playing will be getting the achievements and unlocks. The cities provide ambassadors which unlock abilities for the giants. The different combinations of ambassador-giants will provide the differentiation from game to game."
76561198065903802,Recommended,222730,10928345,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,N,beautiful graphic :D
,Recommended,222730,2031705,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,TOMP!,"If you like God Games, this one is for you.Also, full of replayability, once you get the hang of it..."
76561198001809332,Recommended,222730,7743931,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Heathen scum,"Even though it's still in beta and it's a bit complex, it gets fun when you get it to know"
,Recommended,222730,1817738,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Sasha Drakovi,I don't know why more people i know haven't bought  this yet. Its a fun and enjoyable experience that has me spending hour on end trying to find perfect combinations to help villages grow. I whole heartedly recommend this!
76561198050631864,Recommended,222730,5489124,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Everydayimlasagna,"Gameplay will take your hours to master and you will still be learning how to succeed hours later. The gameplay is both challenging and enjoyable and it paced buetifully. Art style and sound track are amazing, and the ability to zoom  up on your growing villages and see how thier doing is lovely.Overall, Lovely, just lovely.9/10 (ima real reviewer teehehe)"
,Recommended,222730,2965250,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Kjackice,"If you expect a game where you can have free control then your wrong.this game is 20% tutorlals ,10% stats, and 70% gameplay. This game is slow pace and not for those who like to speed things along.  6/10 at best."
,Recommended,222730,7756591,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,V1sor,"Great game, Not for bloodhounds, Would have liked to see more but is mostly a min/max machine made fun."
,Recommended,222730,840211,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Stevebat,"So first you do the tutorials (Required I might add but necessary) fiddle around with world and make sweet sweet projects grow, and its a nice si- WHERE DID SIX HOURS GO?This game is crack, simple concept, good execution, Massive amounts of depth hidden behind seemingly simple rules. I can heartily recommend this game at any price."
,Recommended,222730,7759593,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Lexiichuu,"Looks to be a simple game when you first open it up, but it gets more complex as you go on. Balancing the different ambassadors with the different giants is always interesting and taxing at some points. I still love playing this game and recomend it for anyone who likes god-like/building simulators."
,Recommended,222730,7760098,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,tycho5,"Fun game. Interesting dynamic. Lots of replayability. Lots of depth. Challenging.Can I be more vague?Buy this game, if it's under $10."
76561198029159400,Recommended,222730,14526755,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Me accent's a yorkshire'un,"Amazing game, no need for masses of violence etc. like the majority of games do, sadly. Well worth, any time spent on this game is."
,Recommended,222730,8132720,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,なんでもないや,"This is one of all my love game. It is so exited with function that Giant can do. My brother love it so much ! I suggest you or parent buy this game for your kids. The game have more detail than you expact. It has value more than 9.99USD. If you don't play this game before you're dead, it's sad :P1000/10"
76561198047635818,Recommended,222730,14705847,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Tularius,"I adore this game. The concept is simple yet compelling, and the re-play value is extremely high for such a casual game. The mechanics of transmutation and develpments encourage players to try out different strategies in order to unlock all possible sources, which is both intriguing and satisfying. Having multiple game durations and traits to select makes it an excellent pick-up-and-play game for when you only have an hour's downtime. Highly recommend."
76561198041225332,Recommended,222730,14442069,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Maddkipz,"A quaint and neat game on the surface, when you get into the game, Reus is a very high-paced strategy game. It's really intense when you have a decent handle on what you're doing, and you really feel the pressure right from the get-go. The micromanagement of resources, giants and greed makes for a very complicated yet easy-to-comprehend experience. The game feel is pretty great for the most part, minus some slight issues with the camera (You can't spin as fast as I'd like without zooming out first.) Also it's pretty well stylized and generally an aesthetically pleasing game.If you'd like to see me and my friend play through part of the game, we have an LP lined up just for you!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY9Y71OItyEOr maybe you'd just like to see me talk more about the game. Not that I do, much."
,Recommended,222730,14457035,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,James,"Reus is a beautiful looking game with a cool, unobtrusive soundtrack.  When I first saw screenshots and footage of this, I imagined that the giants would have a lot more direct and extensive involvement with the landscape and people, but as it turns out this is mostly a simple resource management game overlaid with the god mechanic to give the impression that there's a lot more to this.At the lower levels, this is quite a calming game, it's the sort of game that's really good to play occasionally to take a break from more involved gaming.  As you gain achievements and advance to the final era, things become a lot more involved and challenging, but you can always go back to playing shorter games if you like.It's worth getting, especially if on sale."
,Recommended,222730,2277019,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Patchy06,"Fun game, you influence how civilizations grow with your titans, you play as the planet.  As you progress you unlock longer sessions as well as diffrent types of ways to interact with the enviroment!"
,Not Recommended,222730,14448964,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Arachin,"Reus should be a therapeutic game about cultivating a planet with animals, plant life and minerals in order to sustain the human inhabitants. However, the more awesomely you provide for the villages, the more greedy, mischievous and destructive they get. Essentially the game punishes you for speedy success, so each level becomes a delicate balancing act... With a 30-90min time limit.To change the world, you don't exert god-like power over the land and seas (aka: good bits of Black & White), you instead have to command four different titans to do it for you (aka: ban bits of Black & White). They are mute, uninteresting and worst of all, slow moving. A frustrating quality when you're on the clock.Don't get me wrong... The game is pretty and kinda fun and apparently I sunk 23hrs into it without reaising, but it can't quite make it's mind up over simulation, sandbox or RTS......And time limits suck.[5.4]"
76561198129534418,Recommended,222730,14403627,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,jwardle500,"Intrested in this game? Then buy it!!!This is by far one of the best god sim games i have played in a long, long time!You start out with the four giants and a barren planet, and its up to you how you sculpt the land scape. You can add oceans ,forests, deserts, moutains and swamps. Once you have done that so nomads come and settle on a fertile patch. From there you can help them develop their towns and citys, while also making sure they dont get too greedy. What happens if they get too greedy? WAR! ^_^ Thats right, they will start their own wars and fight other villages around the world.This game is just so good, and you can replay it over and over again. There is, however, a few downsides:It looks like you can only play the game when connected to the internet. Why i dont know, but it dosent load up properly if you offline :/The good things:You can make your own worldYou can replay the game over and overThere are tons of achivements and unlocks within the gameThere is a freeplay mode so you can play your game for as long as you want.Please just buy this game, it's so good! ^_^Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,222730,2023326,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Nerox,Awesome sim. Takes 30 mins to play a short era and is so rewarding!!
,Recommended,222730,5906359,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,samdy1,"This game is pretty awesome, there are loads of possibilities, the game play is a little bit repetitive but if you're creative enough you can change that by playing differently!"
76561197990343858,Recommended,222730,14658710,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,El Capitan,"First off, If you're looking for quick gratification all the time, this game probably isn't for you.As you play the game you unlock new animals, plants, minerals and upgrades for the previously stated through a progression system built around achievements. The more achievements you manage to achieve in a single game period, the more you unlock. The game periods expand as you unlock more stuff and it goes back and forth. As you progress though, the challenges get much harder and take much more time and effort to complete. This can be devastating to your own morale when you lose but you can taste the fruits of your victory when you win.It's a game of experimentation, seeing what works and what doesn't, that comes with losing (not getting any or only one achievement). It takes a lot of patience, thought and effort like any true puzzle (only if you didn't use the internet to cheat). If you're willing to put the time into it though, this game can be a treat. I've personally enjoyed it."
,Recommended,222730,416053,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,[LGC] Bridger,"Very cool little game.  If you're a fan of Efficiency games and unlocking things, this one will hook you well.  It's got it's own little charm, and since you unlock new buildings to use pretty much every game, it's going to be fresh for a while."
,Recommended,222730,14533802,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Hollthulhu,"Reus is a nice little strategy/god game. At first I found it annoying the game runs in real time and there is no way to speed it up.. but once I realized things get very busy and challenging, there would be no real way to play this game well with a speed-up option. So if you pick 60 min game, expect to sit there for 60 real-life minutes."
,Recommended,222730,1148737,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Clint,"A little confusing at the start with much of the game's core mechanics feeling very ""tucked away""  However quite an addictive little game that is well worth the cash."
76561198019597917,Recommended,222730,7421048,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,John Don McGee,"Difficult or just pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Starting out isn't too bad but as you get better things start to get more complicated. The game is based on placing certain resources near eachother in order to compliment eachother to produce a benefit which will benefit the town you are trying to grow. Ex. an apple tree next to a diamond mine will create more food and wealth. This is  done for the whole game with the goal to follow the objectives which are usually resource based. There is no fast forward so waiting is one of the annoying parts. The only conflict in the game is that the towns will eventually turn rebelious because of the advanced resources or the mass influx of resources will cause them to get greedy and start attacking other towns and or you the gods. The only prevention is to build resources that cause danger to the town such as wild snakes, though too much will destroy the town. If the town cannot be quelled then the town must be desroyed or if one of your gods die the games over. Another complicaton with the game is that there are four gods and each having their own ability to spawn resources. In order to get more of their abilities their town must build a wonder which is built with the resources. For each wonder built a ability is granted to the gods but must be balanced out among the four gods. So one god cannot have two when everyone else has 0. Which means favoritism for each god is usually impossible if you want to get every ability and complete every goal."
76561198002959488,Not Recommended,222730,13716675,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Maimonides,Not very enjoyable.
,Recommended,222730,4021556,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,powerdarnell,has a tree guy
,Recommended,222730,14749889,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,cuckbuddy,you take care of these people AND THEN YOU KILL THEM ALL!!!!!!!11!!!!!!!!!!1!!!1!1!!11!!!!!one!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,222730,14752914,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,benwhoski,"This game is a little different from other resource god sims I've played. It's less of a resource management game and more of a resource optimization game. You don't really get to choose what the resources get used for, but rather attempt to place the resources as efficiently as possible in order to build the things the humans want.The art style is very clean, colorful, and has a very distinct style. The music is relaxing. The game mechanics are simple, but interesting, operating on a 2D circular planet. The only real downside I find this game has is that in the early ""era"" games, you are limited to a 60-minute game which feels very restrictive. I can see how this is a necessary balancing mechanic given that the giants' powers don't really cost anything other than a cooldown time. However, it did mean that the game didn't start really feeling interesting until I started unlocking longer time-spans (which is done through earning acheivements).Overall, I think I've definitely gotten my money's worth out of it. It's simple, it's fun, and it's a little different from other games out there."
76561198134292069,Recommended,222730,14754701,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Master Scrotis,"Im not a hundred percent sure what this is supposed to be. The mechanics are actually kind of difficult since you can only control the giants and its up to you to use thier powers in such a way that you allow the humans to prosper the best they can.. which is a ♥♥♥♥in nightmare.. personally i Havnt played this a lot its really not my thing but as far as I've seen the gameplay is unique to this game.. Like Secrets of Raetikon or whatever this is just a unique game that ""Could"" be great fun to the right people so yea .. ill reccomend this to anyone whos litterally bored of the rest of thier games otherwise probably not a great use of your money if youd prefer something else at all =)"
,Recommended,222730,6105502,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Crowd Control,"Absolutely amazing game, this is. I haven't been playing it for long, but I can already tell this game has a lot to offer. If you like being godlike and having to control and take care of tiny little people, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,222730,11083430,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Tommy the Commie,Gigantic Crab that can make ocean by few punches into the ground. 13/10
,Recommended,222730,11808718,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Wolfgang,I find it a fun game to play and something still quite unique.
,Recommended,222730,550475,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Brother Zael,"A neat, intriguing and fun god game that will keep you on your toes! I thoroughly enjoy playing this as a break from more cut-and-paste games. It's definitely different and a real joy to play."
76561198024124203,Recommended,222730,11839101,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,SpacemanSpiff,"Reus seems relatively simple at first, but becomes more and more complex. As space becomes more limited (with population increase), the task of balancing resources requires ever more clever ways of combining them. With the building threat of villages going to war with each other, it can become quite a challenge.This is a strategy game with an indie feel and no real fighting, so it's not for everyone, but if that's your jam then Reus is worth checking out. The concentration required in solving these environmental problems certainly had me immersed."
76561197970430173,Recommended,222730,12189769,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,edgependragon,I found this game to be very enjoyable and addictive. Great way to pass some time and have fun doing it.
,Recommended,222730,12170684,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,spookfielf,"An amazing game. Just buy it. You'll see why. (REQUESTING SECTION. DO NOT READ IF YOU DON'T LIKE SUGGESTIONS.) I'd like more GIANTS! It'd be awesome! Snow giant is one. He makes Taigas. Where Taiga Villages spawn. You guys can make the models and plants. And a Weather giant. Random weather happens, depending on what happens, villages have a reaction. Weather giant is the most thought of with me, he can make a tornado, that does 30 damage to wildlife, and 70 to Villages. He also can't make a special biome! He is a Defensive one. I hope you like my ideas! (Review Message Ending)"
76561197970531612,Recommended,222730,423783,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,KrasusTheRed,Very interesting gameplay with cool design and amazing artwork. Definitely worth checking out for those who are fan of RTS games or god-style games such as Black and White.
,Recommended,222730,11443306,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Kreegath,"If you enjoy playing highly goal-oriented strategy games in short bursts, planning out and thinking about the game alot before your even start, and accept ingame randomness that you have no control over, then this game can bring you hours of enjoyment. Reus has problems, but the core gameplay is in my opinion worth the irritation of the programming and design shortcomings. It's casual friendly and it can be played without having to dedicate huge stretches of time. You can put in 30 minutes or down for a 6 hour session and accomplish something either way.Reus is the very definition of an achievement hunter game, where your game mode choices are a set timed level or the free play option.It's very important to understand this, because your enjoyment depends on your approach to the game. In Reus you play either a 30-, 60- or 120-minute round with a gameplan decided before you even start for unlocking predetermined achievements, then you end that round and start anew. There's no grand strategy per se, you don't build anything to last. If you can accept this and adjust, you can have some really enjoyable times with Reus and I would highly recommend it to you.This point needs to be reiterated: you will have to be going for achievements. There's no choice, really. You unlock the stuff you build through clearing them, meaning if you don't bother with them then you *will not* progress in the game. It's designed around that concept, of doing one or a set of achievements per run.Some achievements are really tricky, and if you're partial to that kind of stuff you will definately find some of these challenges to your liking!If you're looking for a Civilization-, Sim City- or Paradox Interactive-style game, this is not it. Unless you do a ""free play"" run, your upgrade limit to your four giants, your builders, means you *have* to specialize in one or two areas. You will not be able to min-max your towns, but with time running out fast you wouldn't be able to anyway. Decide what you want out of that run and specialize your giants to achieve that goal.Once you've unlocked everything, however, there's a ""free play"" option that allows you to get every upgrade to your giants. You could easily spend 15-20 hours min-maxing a huge world that way, and absolutely love it! Problem is, the people who don't give a damn about achievements are forced to sit through hours upon hours of achievement hunting to get there, and the people who only care about achievements are done by that point.Additionally, a large part of the game has been randomized for some reason, from the quality of upgrades to your buildings (applying aspects to natural resources) to where your peoples build their towns and what projects they undertake. Having them place a town one, two or three spaces wrong can be a huge source of irritation, and it will lead to ""save-load-load-load""-situations for the OCD crowd of gamers. Also, town projects give bonuses, sometimes really good and sometimes really useless depending on what kind of run you're going for. So if you've upgraded your giants for the plant and/or mineral tech tree and your towns insist on making animal projects, then you can either destroy the town and hope the next one will build in the same spot as well as hope they make another project, or you can just say ""screw it"" and make the project to just not waste even more time.If someone tells you that the game encourages adjustment to your peoples' randomness, they're lying. There's no adjusting in the game, because once you've upgraded a giant, it's not going to change. You get four upgrades per giant, and to get the best buildings available for each game mode time frame, you need to know beforehand what to go for.Runs get very messy very quick, and if you see the randomness as ruining your plans, you should stay away. If you look at it as just another layer of added difficulty, it's surmountable.When it comes to some of the more technical problems with the game, know that windowed mode tends to crash the game eventually. The game also has weird crashing problems when trying to move the window from one screen to the other. Also, the ingame text does not scale well and can become hard to read. The game can also stop working from too much happening at once, or sometimes just from having been running for too long, so make sure to have auto save active and frequently save manually.You will also notice ingame bugs happening once in a while, like your giants getting stuck and become unresponsive after trying to do an action. Just save and reload and they'll start working again. Also, sometimes your giants attacks against angry mobs or armies won't work, and that can have dire consequences for your runs, but I've found no way of rectifying this other than reloading an older save and hoping the town won't send out that army or angry mob again.In conclusion:I mostly enjoyed playing Reus, partly because I'm a huge fan of strategy games where you build and develop your surroundings. It's a flawed game, however, with bugs, randomness and imbalances that can bog down an otherwise great run. However, for me, the upsides and the good times outweighed the bad."
76561198036358397,Recommended,222730,11446210,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Gwaerochir,"A great casual game, that brings a certain level of immaculate satisfaction as you get those symbioses *just right*. My suggestion include making a string of plants for the sea (perhaps coral?), and a speed up button. There's a bit of a grind in this game before you really begin to unlock the interesting developments and projects. It would be much appreciated, but as said before Reus is a solid casual title."
76561198044455573,Recommended,222730,11013937,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Snukasnrr,"Reus is a very interesting simulator where you take control of Giants to mold a world and make life prosper.Villages manifest and you must keep them happy. But they can be over come be greed, starting wars with other villages. That can sometimes can be annoying because the only solution to that is to destroy the village, resulting in all your hard work was a waste of time. The game is visually interesting and the gameplay is simple although some concepts are unecessarily complicated.This game has lots of potential, the idea is wonderful and most aspects are done well.69/100"
76561198128136273,Not Recommended,222730,11043167,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,God,i get a white screen that says i dont have something and cant play it
,Recommended,222730,11158530,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Clasbyte,"Fun game, but highly repetitive. But for an short while is it really nice."
,Recommended,222730,11359607,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Tiny Kitsune,Sick game
76561198042342193,Recommended,222730,11300965,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Scared Guard Man,make the humans your peasants
,Recommended,222730,1220087,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,prospeezy,very addicting
76561197982147853,Recommended,222730,923330,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Choc,Vraiment prennant !
76561198029658474,Recommended,222730,3952300,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,NerdRage209,Really fun God-sim game. Gives me a sense of nostalgia with Sim Life back on the Super Nintendo with the terraforming and symbiosis of life and bonuses you achieve to further advance your villages. Picked it up for $4.99 from the 2013 Steam Summer Sale!
,Recommended,222730,4002098,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Marky Mark the FUN-GINEER,It's definitely worth checking out. (8/10)
,Recommended,222730,10955343,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Spawn Of The Flames,"Reus plays almost like a card game. The planet is split into tiny sections were you can place your 'cards' (plants, animals or minerals) and these differ depending on the land type they're placed on (swamp, forest, desert, mountain and sea). These ""cards"" for my analogies sake, work in combination with those surrounding, either the section next to it, a highlighted range around it or the village's range. Together they give bonuses to one another and give your villages their resources.You are the planet and you help the villagers using your giant avatars. The villagers will want resources for projects, complete these and your giant can pick them up, unlocking a skill. These skills can be used to transform the 'cards' you've put down into more advanced or specialised 'cards' making the combos etc more complex. You can unlock the advanced and specialised cards by completing achievements in the game. Your villagers will get greedy if you spoil them however and destroy other villages through war. You don't have a faction, you gain skills by having villages of different land types so you want to keep everyone flourishing. To try and keep your greedy villages at bay you have to provide them with dangers that keep them occupied in the form of predators or dangerous mines etc but this is quite difficult and occasionally you may need to intervene with your giants. Villages may turn on you and attack your giants if they are unhappy, not in enough awe of the giants or just greedy but eventually enough pummeling will set them straight.As well as unlocking more of the advanced/specialised 'cards' to place you will also unlock longer play time as well. So each time you play you start of with a dead planet but have a few more tricks up your sleave allowing you to advance farther quicker and with more time in which to do it. After a few goes it felt like I was playing the same game over and over but depending on your villager's projects depends on what you place, how your planet looks and which skills you can unlock for that particular playthrough. So it always ends up different and the more you achieve the more you unlock. A very addictive game, with a bit of a learning curb as you learn what all the skills the 'cards' have. Its really satisfying get good combos working however. I'd highly recommend the game if you like strategy or card games but won't mind if their aren't actually any cards."
76561198045004666,Recommended,222730,5096703,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Tsquared,"This game is for any of you who love strategy games! Its a little confusing at first, but its soooooo much fun!"
,Recommended,222730,3005409,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Jazzcoon,"A small city building game that is well worth the money. Takes some planning and well-timed actions, but it's incredibly fun."
76561198040794086,Recommended,222730,11086887,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Aldeas,"Very good game to relax. Good gamedesign & gameplay, nice visuals :) It's very pleasing to upgrade all your different powers and try to optimize your run to produce well and to reach hard city wonders. My only deception in front of the game is the music which aren't as present as you could want them to be. But anyway, this is a funny game, good if you haven't many time to play. There're many achievements to unlock which leads you to play in different ways."
,Recommended,222730,11091206,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Kenshinta,"SO MUCH FUN!!!!Need I say more?Ok, basically this is a puzzle game in a pretty and interesting package. Excellent for relaxing and blowing off some steam. While there are goal elements to the game, the game never really makes you feel like you're failing to reach goals, just having diffrent experiences. Can't recommend it enough."
,Not Recommended,222730,10983757,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sprout,"I so badly wanted to like this game, but the tutorial killed it for me. Not only did it seem long-winded (a half hour of tutorial play and you still aren't released on your own to enjoy the game), but over thought. Instead of exploring the game and discovering abilities on a trial basis, you're told exactly how things work and where you can and can't place abilities. The long cool off times are frustrating and the micromanaging and constant reloading of graphics doesn't sit well with most MacBook Pros. Sadly, Reus plays like a clunky iPhone app that looks appealing but has very little staying power."
,Recommended,222730,11173339,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Knegoff,El juego es un cerdo
,Not Recommended,222730,11191859,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,NevekNibud,"I didn't like the game.  The graphics were ""so so"", the play is SLOW SLOW SLOW SLOW SLOW, and having to zoom in to see what type of animal is currently there, and then remember how one gets from one to another.. BAH.. boring.  Waste of $2.50"
76561198083420186,Recommended,222730,13625528,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Marxy,The Humans got angry so I threw mud at them and then they respected me.  10/10 would throw mud again.
,Recommended,222730,4643065,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Octravius,Great Game!
,Recommended,222730,13669280,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gardenGnostic,"This game seemed really cool, but it's extremely slow. My 2014 MacBook Pro slowed to a crawl trying to run it."
,Recommended,222730,13275306,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,La Croix (Coastal Elite Drank),"Im gonna be perfectly honest, I bought this game because it had the same name as marco reus and was cheap.I was not expecting quality, but thats what I got and I found the game fun at certain stages."
,Recommended,222730,13266330,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is an interesting game, and to be honest it reminds me (in terms of perspective and mechanics) of some free online games I've played in the past (i.e. Crimson Warfare and Feudalism 2), but that's not a criticism. This is a very easy-to-learn and enjoyable RTS that is much more refined and smaller than a AAA title like Civilization or Age of Empires. The menus and controls are also straightforward, making it an easy game to get into. I wonder if the dev team had an idea of mixing Shadow of the Colossus with Swords and Soldiers when they came up with this... ****"
,Not Recommended,222730,13827084,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Methane Mamba,This game could honestly be some much more but it is just bland dissapointment.
,Recommended,222730,13902703,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Horselord,Like a 2d Black and White. You're trying to help grow civilization as much as you can use the abilities of your 4 giants. Villagers can grow greedy and eventually attack them too.
76561198095123407,Recommended,222730,13460501,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Accipiter45,"Quick, easy to learn, an excellent casual game. The era system with its time limits, starting at 30 minutes, makes it a great study break."
,Recommended,222730,13553228,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Anax of Rhodes,"Innovative and original indie title.  Once I reached end-game achievements, I found little replayability.  But getting there was a fun journey, learning how everything works and interacts, seeing a world of my creation grow and prosper.Runs well, solid soundtrack, intuitive controls, beautifully minimalist artstyle, and a unique theme in the God genre.  Nothing too bad to say about Reus.  The good just won't last you forever.8/10"
,Recommended,222730,7498813,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Daddy,"Reus is such a calming game. God-Mode games are truly my favourite since I enjoy being in control of life and death for these villages that spread across the Anicent's planet. Artstyle is my main prioirty, Reus has the best colouring and shading out of all of the games i've played. The colours are vibrant and dull when they need to be and give off a wonderful vibe. If you love more childish styled games then go ahead and grab Reus for-- er about 9 USD."
,Recommended,222730,13939961,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bahman,"Lots of combinations and focus on ""synergies"" really give this game a thumbs up from meYou can do whatever you want and that's just what you want with a God game. Very nice game to play casually.Want to spice things up? destroy your villages11/10 would smash villages with mountains again"
,Not Recommended,222730,13730884,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jroban,No I found this game unbearably slow and lacking in purpose or much content. Its  just sort of mixing and matching things together.
,Recommended,222730,13733655,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,archaeogoro,"at long last I've achieved my lifelong goal of becoming a civilization destroying god, 10/10"
,Recommended,222730,13765103,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BreVDD,8/10
,Not Recommended,222730,13815815,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Annie Leonhardt,"I find this game very repetitive and boring. The main idea, the atmosphere of the game seemed so nice and cool in the trailer, so i wanted to give this game a try. Sadly, i didn't get what i expected for. I don't recommend this game, if this game gets %75 - %80 discount then maybe you can buy it, but is it worth the original price ? No."
,Recommended,222730,7835761,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,FuriousPlatypus,"Very fun, reminds me of spore or God finger app!"
76561198040565583,Recommended,222730,7893181,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Loth Aint Lucky,So much more involved than I thought it would be at first glance.  More complicated than it seems and fun!
76561198066841037,Recommended,222730,7894873,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,CrazyBox,Great game!
,Recommended,222730,7896275,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Maialideth,So far Reus has been both challenging and very enjoyable.
,Recommended,222730,7897087,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[MMAC] Cyzaine,"Reus is an interesting entry into the 'god game' category, that does many things right and many things wrong, but is still highly recommendable if you enjoy the genre.Gameplay can be a bit frustrating, after all like other God Games, your influence is indirect, but it is oh so satisfying when you get it right. Remembering all the combinations of things you can do is a bit overwhelming at times, but the achievement system (which reminds me a lot of Viva Pinata) keeps you focused and on task.Controls are awkward at first, but you will adapt quickly, and the pause feature means you aren't fighting them with no recourse. Music is mainly background, only the opening theme sticks with me. And while gameplay may dry up when you run out of achievements to get, that hasn't happened to me yet.Overall it's a pleasant game, that does what it does well, and doesn't try to recreate the genre."
76561198044907348,Recommended,222730,7897900,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mike Fluff,"if you like simulation-strategy games, this is for you"
76561198027376174,Recommended,222730,7899457,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Flying Elephant,a nice casual game where you play god for a bit and have fun. Alot like the good old god games of teh 90s :) really enjoyable
76561198006102602,Recommended,222730,7899515,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,TooHigh,Good game
76561198062386072,Recommended,222730,7900933,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,UGTtrolled,This game sucks you in the time passes by so fast and takes a lot of thinking. 6.7/10
,Recommended,222730,7904912,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,fordy,"A game that I found hugely enjoyable, with lots of replay value as no two games you run are likely to be the same.Cute and cleverly designed giants, with an overall level design that's very easy on the eyes.Easy to pick up but the harder you work at it the more challenging it becomes, and the better you get the harder the game gets for you to achieve the same level of success.In some ways reminiscent of Black & White, however you don't interact directly with the people and instead can only instruct the giants to do your bidding.Would recommend to anyone who enjoys logic puzzles, or anyone wanting to take a break from FPS games.Adorable, interesting, puzzling, challenging. 9/10"
76561197976632078,Recommended,222730,7879170,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Tomeh,"Just plain fun, with enough complexity to make you think."
,Recommended,222730,1035530,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Takor,"Definitely the next best god-game. Smaller scale than things like Populous or Black & White, and the Eras you play are initially limited to 30 minutes (you unlock longer lengths later, or can just play the Sandbox that lasts forever but Sandbox doesn't count towards unlocking things), but definitely has its own charm. For only 10 bucks, you can't go wrong if you're into these type of games."
,Recommended,222730,7880770,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Tyburn,"This is a fantastic game! See it as a cross between Black and White and Godfinger. It's quite a high-maintenance game but that doesn't mean it's complicated. First impressions are very good and despite the need to obtain unlocks and achievements to progress, there are many different ways to progress and move forward. At the time of writing I've only played a few hours' worth but I can see myself racking a load more up in the future. It's easy on the eye, runs very smoothly and the tutorials are at just the right level. At 75% off (£1.74) it pays for itself in enjoyment after about 30 minutes in my book!"
,Recommended,222730,7881333,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Shabadoo,Reus is an awesome little game and I definatley recommend it to everyone; however there is only so much to do in it. After a certain number of hours you will find theres really no where to go and stop playing at which point the only thing you can do is cross your fingers and wait for a Reus 2.The game is definately worth a few bucks for the bunch of hours you will have a blast playing Reus. However I probably wouldn't pay over 10$ personally just because its not a long term game. To me a few hours is worth a few bucks. I'll save my 50 dollar bills for the games I spend hundreds of hours on like Battlefield and Call of Duty.I'm not going to speak on the details of the gameplay because I haven't played it in some time now. I will leave that to the other reviewers.  :)In conclusion:  Great game!  Get it the next time it's on sale!
,Recommended,222730,385144,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Garg1,"This game is crazy-addictive, the rewarding gamedesign gives incredible motivation to play more, more and more."
,Recommended,222730,3920897,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Woopersauce,Fun game with a lot of random aspects that makes it non-predictable and replayable.
,Recommended,222730,126450,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,edgyoperator,shockingly not bad
76561197970329460,Recommended,222730,394083,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Aeneas2020,"Relaxing, a little like a 2d black and white but also quite different. For the price well worth checking out if you enjoy some gentle strategy with a surprising amount of depth."
,Recommended,222730,2393804,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,matteog14,"Definitely a different twist on the idea of a ""world-builder"" game. A unique strategy game with set goals and achievements that are fun and unique - and can take a bit of trial and error to unlock. A great game for a quick 30-60 minute time sink, though you probably won't just stop after one ""era"" as they are called."
76561198025220116,Recommended,222730,3610181,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Solottis,"If you liked Black & White or Populous, I think you'll like this game."
76561198011358477,Recommended,222730,9561641,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,wes_06sti,"Fun.  Can be a big time sink, which is a good thing as I have never gotten bored during a game.  Usally I want to try a new stratagy right after I finish a game."
76561198085144472,Recommended,222730,9172287,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,echolayle,"I am addicted to this challenging, frustrating, and fun game. At first glance this game may seem boring or to simple though I have found it at later levels to be complex and engrossing. Give it a try if you enjoy attentive stategy games. I would love to see additional content even though I have put in 90+ hours.Great Jod Dev's!"
,Recommended,222730,8736481,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,McPwned,"It's a pretty decent game, worth more than the $2.50 I paid for it.  While my initial impression was that the game was overly restrictive in its lack of a second dimension, the layout actually plays into the strategy.  I won't get too into the details of the mechanics, but the idea is to be thoughtful in your placement of natural resources, which gain different bonuses depending on the resources that surround it.  Upgrades to the basic improvements get pretty extensive as you unlock more and more, and more and more strategy is required.  To this end I find that the game paces itself pretty well.  You don't have control over humans in this game, so trying to manage them into developing further while not letting them mess up everything is the name of the game.  Perhaps there is not much replay value after you unlock everything, but overall it was pretty entertaining."
76561197976569263,Recommended,222730,8737797,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Astro-mpr,"A fun little game, with hours of fun trying different combinations and trying to unlock all of the technologies.It takes a bit of practice to get the higher level resources, but it can be quite rewarding, using your giants to gether to build a prosperous village while managing greed.Grab it on special and you can't go wrong."
,Recommended,222730,8742031,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Diyusko,"Surprisingly deep game which I initially shrugged off due to first impressions. I am so glad I gave it another chance. The time limit forces you maximize the yield you get from placing various animals, minerals, and crops. There are many things to consider regarding the placement of these things however, and one of the biggest challenges is trying to figure out the most optimal way to arrange everything in the limited town borders. All this occurs while trying to keep each town from annihilating the others. Overall, there is a really rewarding experience to be had with this game and the inclusion of tons of challenges, which expand your abilities, keeps each game fresh and exciting."
,Not Recommended,222730,8815862,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Cohj,"I knew it. I knew it. I knew it.I spent a good hour looking at this game before spending 10 bucks to buy it. It looked interesting, it sounded cool and the reviews seemed decent enough and it fit in the ""god-game"" game type which I love. Well Reus isn't all that great. You have four giants who use their powers to create villages. As you make more villages , everyone grows and etc.Well first off, every world is timed. Starting at 15 minutes. Not a long game, secondly it's a completely sandbox game. There's no form of campaign or multiplayer or cool unlocks. You get to tier 3 I think it was and you're done unless you want to farm achivements.  I felt like there should have and could have been a lot more work done."
,Recommended,222730,8904460,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Hitkah,Fun and time consuming
,Recommended,222730,8906013,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Salty Squid,Fun god game build and balence inviroments to make the people happy real fun and relaxing game
,Recommended,222730,7302046,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Soul,"I'm very glad I got this game. What at first seems like a very simple game turns out to be quite an advanced game. There is quite a lot to do. It's not as fast-paced as most modern games, which is actually nice. It's not  a game that takes a long time to play, but you can play it for hours without getting bored."
,Recommended,222730,8923236,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Nernbutt,"its not often that I find games that have gameplay I haven't experienced before, but Reus really did do a good job at it."
,Recommended,222730,8683947,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ward™,This game needs way more attention and love than it has gotten
76561198050021534,Recommended,222730,8701866,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Johgurt,"A nice game to pass 30 minutes to an hour, very enjoyable."
,Recommended,222730,8696199,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,AncienTz,"Reus (which means giant in Dutch) is a charming, quirky game in which the player controls four nature giants to shape the world. Once humans move in and start building projects the player must strategize to help them complete their projects and keep an eye on the greedy villagers.It is easy to play, and even though simple, can get very challenging as harder projects emerge.Its simplicity ensures that there are generally no bugs and glitches- meaning you get smooth gameplay.You may just spend hours just to unlock the satisfying achievements. It really is a brilliant, original, satisfying game- a must have for people who like strategy games."
,Recommended,222730,8670127,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,sᴍᴜɢ ǫᴜᴇᴇɴ,"A slow-paced resource management strategy game instead of the god sim it looks like it should be. It's cute, original, but a little one-note. Give it a shot if you can find a good deal."
,Recommended,222730,2095923,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Ty921,Fun game its on sale and its worth the price
,Recommended,222730,3089517,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Yuki Kimuzukashii Hyou,"Such an addictive game! Lost a good few hours to it when first starting to play - easy to learn, but hard to master. Definitely worth the $10 investment!"
,Recommended,222730,13630525,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Szechuan Dippin Sauce,"This game is pretty good, although after 300 hours it gets a bit repetitive."
,Recommended,222730,13581712,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,chaosfrogs,"In the beginning, it is simple.  The villagers have needs and wants and you are glad to help them.  As time goes on, their demands increase in complexity and, sometimes, insanity.  You cannot always give them what they want.  You can try anyway or ignore their pleas...or destroy them for their insolence.  You are their god."
,Recommended,222730,13048752,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,TheRiverSaint,"I cannot say enough about how fun this game is, very easy to drop hours into without noticing. Great replay value and a very fun game overall."
,Recommended,222730,2692159,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Danny Martini,"A surprisingly fun and addicting god game. Basically you get a planet and terraform it. The people of the planet use the resources you give them to build projects. The game can be very difficult in the later stages, but it's always fun rerolling a planet and trying to get some of the achievements you missed out on.A lot of replayability for achievement hunters, and a fairly decent god game aspect."
,Recommended,222730,14896806,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Soft Potato,Only for when you are extremely you have nothing else to do in life...
,Recommended,222730,14804550,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,luminni,"Pretty entertaining game, I recommend it for casual players."
76561198090643551,Recommended,222730,14831259,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ReapersList,"It is a magnificent game, the pacing may be a bit slow and the planet size is quite small but enjoyable nontheless."
,Recommended,222730,14851008,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,WWarlord,"Reus is a most entertaining game in which one trys to mold the world with severel elemental giants which are a bit of a throwback to the days of shadow of the colossus. In my game I created several towns, however they tried to use me as their hitman to destroy each other.9/10- would raze all towns and start over again"
76561198021811107,Recommended,222730,14844103,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Roka,"A fun and interesting game that allows you to build a planet. Similar to the classic Black and White without the lengthy tutorial. The game is managed and played to your liking as you manipulate enviornments through the powers of your giants. Each Giant is a master of nature with the four basic terrains represented as Ocean, Mountain, Forrest, and Swamp. If you combine the powers of the giants you can create exotic elements and animals on your planet that will eventually spawn human civilization. If you cater to a civilization of humans by repsonding to their prayers you can advance them and unlock new powers and quests to complete. However, if you harbor to much to a civilization they may become greedy and warlike and destroy other tribes on your planet, and eventually attack your giants to defy you. How you maintain and build your planet is completely up to you as the overlord of the world."
,Recommended,222730,8349751,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,quad341,"Reus is a lighter game than I originally thought it was, but it also feels very comfortable in the game that it is.Reus plays to me like a cross between Doodle God and Civilization super-light edition. You play with just yourself to help some number of civilizations to live and develop on a planet. Through your giants, you improve/create/plant various substances to encourage food, tech, and wealth. Over time, special projects will be proposed and you will have to make sure the requirements are met within the time.By helping the people to develop, you unlock more plants, animals, spells, etc. to use in the future. Some (""developments"") are persistant such as unlocking new plants. Others are for that game only.The games are timed when trying to make progress (versus free play where there is no time limit but developments cannot be unlocked) which also helps the goals feel more interesting to achieve. There is definitely a difficulty curve that is pleasant that appears as one tries to balance the needs of several settlements at once including choosing to destroy settlements.So long as you go in with the correct perspective, the art style and well-rounded-ness of the game can prove for a fun experience. My experience with Reus has thus far been short, but more unlocks will only add to the game surely."
76561198003377482,Recommended,222730,8350875,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Xit_Wounds,"Reus is a 'god' simulator whereby players are given control of 4 elemental giants: water, forest, swamp and rock. Each giant has a unique skill set that allows them to place materials and enchant materials in the world to improve their value. The three resources are technology, wealth and food.Reus has an 'arcade' style feel as players are given a choice about how long they wish a game session to last and are tasked with attempting to develop a world with the most 'prosperity' rating they can get. Placing materials in the world to improve village's prosperity and controlling their developement to minimize the risk of your human becoming too greedy. In-game achievements, when earned, unlock additional building and uprading options for future games.Different materials that can be placed have complex interactions with the surrounding world. These complex relationships ensure that players have a challenge to ahceive very high synergy in their worlds. Your villages will begin projects that require certain amounts of resources. Large projects will require a very well constructed village to be able to acquire enough resources to complete them.Overall, the art style is fantastic. The resource synergy system introduces a great challenge and the game will keep making you want to come back to try to finish the difficult projects and acheivements. The advancement that each world takes on can be random, and while there is some repitition, the game does well to create a new experience each time you play. There are also several game modes that can be selected to stream line the type of game you wish to play."
76561198099623438,Recommended,222730,8351835,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,carrionsucks,its a fun game where you are the god you do what you want with what you make you can make it where they dont grow and they dont attack you or others or you can sit back and watch as everyone goes to war
,Recommended,222730,8243974,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,GirthQuake,"So fun, so addicting. Can't get enough of it."
,Recommended,222730,2105337,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,IcePotato,"Here are some relevant facts about this game:It's a god game.It has a sandbox mode.once you finish the tutorial, you go into the sandbox mode and play.As you play, you get badges for doing stuff, which in turn unlocks longer modes so you can do more stuff.The gameplay itself is pretty low-pressure and prioritizes thought over speed.I love this game."
,Recommended,222730,8244896,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PuppyLove2413,"Fun game! Takes some thinking, and different everytime you play."
,Recommended,222730,8266461,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Imperator Black,I really enjoyed this game. Freash gameplay and you have to really engage your brain.
76561197999942517,Recommended,222730,8266886,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,CJR24,Just two mins in and I already like it.
,Recommended,222730,515433,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Schwarzwald,"I'm impressed by this one partly because they have what looks like a Franciscan friar for a company logo. Okay.Great game, and despite the gods and fantasy motif, it's more accurate as a civilization builder in that it constantly reminds you that at the end of the day, humans are a bunch of uproarious dickbags."
76561198037961566,Recommended,222730,8268534,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,musicalphysicist,"Simplistic concept and scope, but deep gameplay mechanism that I'm still exploring. Unexpectedly a great find, defintely a buy...a steal at current price and straight up highway robbery when its on sale. Easily the best $2.50 I've ever spent."
,Recommended,222730,8268732,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,scartist,very fun game should get while its on sale
,Recommended,222730,8269221,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Toddthewraith,"I was one of the people who was hit by the ""your graphics card does not support the XNA"" framework diologue box. that being said, once i got a graphics card that supports the XNA framework, the game is actually quite enjoyable. the game does take time to progress, but i found that the 30 minute game setting was a great study break.pros: great overall concept, good animations, the symbiosis idea is fantastic, and the gameplay is well-paced. it doesn't feel that rushed once you get the hang of it.cons: while the tutorials are great at explaining the basics of the game, there is a bit of a learning curve afterwards. i didn't find this to be too bad (i play EVE, and this is nowhere near that learning curve. i'd put it at about a Sim City 3000 learning curve). also the obligatory XNA framework stupidness.conclusion: if you have a dedicated graphics card that supports DX10 (the GTX400 series and later should do, no idea about ATI though, sorry), then go ahead and get this. if you have a first gen Intel processor and an Intel GMA, hold off for now. i'm not sure if the Intel HD series will run this, but i know the GMA will not."
76561198109016058,Recommended,222730,8270332,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Kim Jung-unPossible,A very good game to kill a bit of time or to lose hours in. The achievement based progression system is quite interesting it keeps the game very fresh after a number of playthroughs.
76561198003398899,Recommended,222730,8270429,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,dudewithdog,"This game seems so simple. But, its got a supprizing amount of deph. It starts simple with your giants molding the earth. Then it just snowballs from there. You need to create enviroments for your cities using different combinations and the amount of combinations can be quite intimidating.Its on sale now on steam and for that price its really a steal. Its not game for everybody. Not for cod action fanatics. Still a good game and recommended for people who like these types of games."
76561198043779959,Recommended,222730,8271675,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zero Dark Pootis,"Reus is excellent. The gameplay is addictive and keeps you thinking how you could of done things differently as you play through an era... Then you start another and go through differently. At first I only ever had one structure. 1 swamp, 1 forest, 1 desert. But soon i was planning different arrangements with multiple biomes in different areas. The game gives you freedom to shape this world and its villages. The second part of the game i loved is it's look. Even as you zoom in no detail is missed. The world, cartoony as it might be, looks great from the view of the creator (YOU!). The giants that you control manage to look adorable and epic at the same time. They are cleverly and creatively drawn and I would not change any of them one bit.I would gladly recommend Reus to any gamer who likes creating.... and destroying ;)"
76561198073023972,Recommended,222730,8271979,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,TapTap&ITimU42,"neat little god game. A bit Sim city/tower where symbiosis matters (putting the right thing next to the right thing). Games are short play <1hour with many and varied objectives. Good tutorial get you started, lots of depth to figure out.had it a day, put 5 hours into it - i'm likin' it a lot"
76561198064590955,Recommended,222730,8272331,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,SlowSoul,CREATIVE AND FUN!
76561197991288336,Recommended,222730,8251837,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,greenchesspiece,"I got this for $2.50 at the Steam Sale and I would say it'd be worth $5 or $7.50. It's super fun, let's you build a little planet in the same-style animation as smartphone games, and has a small twist of ""Civilization 5"" to it. Also, it's really fun feeling *betrayed"" by your human civilization for attacking you, and you destroy them in a very ""exterminator"" way."
,Recommended,222730,8252407,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Captain Epathus,"I say to myself, when I play god games, 'man, I wish I could be a proper deity and control the land, the animals, the elements- the world and allow the mortals their free will.... so that I can punish them for their hubris'. Reus is pretty much that- you have yourself some basic elements and landscape tools and use them to guide humans down the paths you want. The addition of timed matches and challenges to unlock new manipulations is brilliant because it means there are goals to strive for- and goals are essential when you're playing an almighty deity. After a few challenges and short runs of the game, you have more complicated matches, more elaborate goals, the ever-present danger of a population attempting to challenge you for a perceived slight against them. It's a game of simple controls but it's exceedingly difficult to master. Y'know, kinda like divine power would be. In a nutshell I strongly recommend Reus to any fan of God Games who wants a more involved aproach to divinity."
,Not Recommended,222730,8252572,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Teufel Penguin,Wasn't really impressed with this game.  It is slow and pointless.
,Recommended,222730,8400895,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mick Ringo,"Totally addictive, and a great past-time. easy to learn hard to master."
,Recommended,222730,3524081,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,シェルター / 보호소,More than enjoyable.
76561198032818138,Recommended,222730,4148235,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,millerman08,Random greatness. worth all the dollars...
,Recommended,222730,8299547,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,woodchip50,"Good solid Indi god game - but waaayy too much focus on replayability.I picked up this game on a sale, and I'm both glad to have picked it up, and to have done so whilst it was on sale.The gameplay works on a sort of time line, where you (the planet & gods) 'wake up' and try to shape a world for humans to grow in, until you fall asleep and the session ends. The next time you 'wake up' you find the world has become barren again, and the cycle continues. The game focuses on repeatedly playing through, to unlock more upgrades, to help you achieve more each time.It's kinda cool the first few times, but after a couple of games you get sick of what is essentially going through the same motions. You're supposed to play it diferently each time, and you have the scope to do that, but the variation and unlockables aren't enough to make it disimilar from previous plays, and it becomes less engaging.That's my only real issue with it. But as it's a core game mechanic it's a pretty big one. Otherwise it feels balanced and it works really well if you're just a casual gamer. In spite of this I'd still reccomend it, I have enjoyed playing it and I can tell I will go back to it."
76561198035130759,Recommended,222730,8300863,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,davidw1990,Good god sim game
76561197976357976,Recommended,222730,715683,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Amadeus,A new form of god games that you have to play if you are into those kind of games
,Recommended,222730,9837051,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Aazriik,"If you love developing humanity, controling powerful giants, and witnessing humans destroy each other over greed, then this is the game for you!!! I had my giants develop fantastic cities, until they got greedy and tried to kill each other... but then, they turned on my giants!! I had to make my giants run until the time was out so i can get some achievements... This is a great game and you should get it."
76561198035697655,Recommended,222730,9669077,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Elberik,"A fantastic and styalistic godgame!  The premise is fairly unique: basically the giants wake up and help the tiny humans build socities.  Then the giants fall asleep (end of level) and the human eventually destroy themselves.  Finally the giants wake back up (start of new level) to find a barren rock.  The art style disguises some darker aspects, such as spawning predators to frighten the villages and prevent them from attacking each other.  Each level has a timer so time & space management is important."
,Recommended,222730,7826015,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,AttractiveBull,wonderful game I highly suggest this game to anyone who is a fan of god management games like civilization
,Recommended,222730,617744,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Sidotsy,"A fantastic God sim, simple looking but very deep with lots of achievements and challenges. Gorgeous art style, great for quick 30 minute games or hour+ long marathons."
,Recommended,222730,7986515,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Maharunn,"I bought this game thinking of how much I really enjoyed a game app similar to this on my phone. And I am so glad I did. Charming, beautiful and very enjoyable. Play throughs can be short 30 min segments or more. Its great for when you only have a short amount of time!"
,Recommended,222730,8055433,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,F3ZZ3H,Awesome little gem of a game.
,Recommended,222730,7946190,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Danoli3,Really interesting experience.
,Recommended,222730,7948523,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SQUISHY,"Reus is more than just another ""God game"". It has its own style and flair, and a simplicity that builds to complexity in a manner that allows the player to catch on as they play."
76561198045516933,Recommended,222730,9395423,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Randomizer,"fun and nature bending, your will is your fun, if you get into it it can be a lot of fun"
76561198027435254,Recommended,222730,11920999,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Murder_Punch,"This game is, as noted below, surprisingly awesome. Seriously it's like 3 dollars and easily a '15' dollar game. Grab it."
,Recommended,222730,11922094,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,slowWALKER,love the concept of being able to transform the world but also destroy thier lives if they get out of hand
,Recommended,222730,11922520,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,[LoHaG] Superginge,Pretty fun so far!
,Recommended,222730,11925530,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Gedas The Evil,A very fun game. Build the right terrain and people will follow. The idea of using symbiosis everywhere is a wonderful idea.P.S. For some reason it's not mentioned here that it has the Stem OS/Linux version here.
76561197990150632,Recommended,222730,11914813,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,tipsymcstaggers,So much fun for $10. At $2.50 on sale it is ridiculous value. Guaranteed no buyers remorse.
,Recommended,222730,11915576,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Johnacanrana,"A very nice, laid back, pleasantly addictive god game. I've only had it for about 3 hours, but so far I've logged 2.5 hours onto it. It's part strategy, part city/world building."
76561198055506429,Recommended,222730,11915747,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,MagnaFlux,this is a little cute game i think its fun if you know how to play
,Recommended,222730,11917576,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,aktiadi,"Addictive GameDon't buy if you have limited time of playing, it will literally take your time."
,Recommended,222730,10092140,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,FelixTurtur,"Reus is simple enough to get into for a casual half-hour game here and there, but if you are a big fan of strategy games then the resource development trees offer enough complexity to keep you coming back to better your scores and get more achievements (unlocking more things to place/build).I hit a wall after about 8 hours when I first started playing Reus and left it alone for a while (a recent splurge meant I had other exciting new titles to switch to). It was a few months before I came back. I found the Walkthrough page onwiki.reusgame.comgave me enough pointers on my return to properly get into more advanced town-building tactics, focussing on using the symbiotic relationships a bit better. I do still have to pause the game a lot to check reference charts, but with regular playing they're becoming more familiar.I am a big fan of strategy games, and I think if you're not then your interest in Reus may be short lived. Except that I guess if you like god-games for the ""Release Godzilla!"" type of actions, then Reus will allow you to build a world and then watch it burn in a variety of ways. And what an attractive looking world it can be."
76561198073289859,Recommended,222730,8231882,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ED,"Fun simple game with few glitches. It's worth a couple bucks. Only downsides are no fast forward option, gets old fast as theres not as much variety as you would think, and you are forced to play with a 30minute time limit to unlock new stuff instead of being able to go straight into sandbox mode. It can be annoying restarting every 30minutes. The time limit goes up later but it's still irritating. Besides this, the game has a very nice atmosphere to it and is rather fun to play casually while relaxing. Be warned though it may feel more complicated than you would think at the beginning."
,Recommended,222730,8232233,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Warrant Officer Manslaughter,"This is a game that's well under-rated. It's not a Black and White style god game, so you cannot go into this game expecting that.  Reus is about transforming the world to help humans achieve projects, and in turn unlock new rewards. Its a game of transformation and optimization.The ""campaign"" consists of 30 minute, 60 minutes, and 120 minute plays. To unlock the higher timed modes, you have to complete aforementioned projects, and unlock developments. I found that unlocking developments can be done just by playing - it was harder to try to target a specific development.While that makes the game sound easy on its face, the true fun of Reus is in its complex symbiosis system. Everything in Reus interacts with the world differently. Blueberries and Chickens will form a symbiosis, and grant more powerful combinations than any one on its own. Reus' challenge is to discover how plants, animals, and minerals work together to form food, wealth, and technology - the three primary resources for completing projects. The symbiosis system is constructed upon the interlocking resources each giant can uniquely create, the varied aspects each giant has to augment a resource's innate power, and the upgrading of a resource to a more powerful tier. These three factors mean the Reus world is constantly changing, and as a player the challenge is to adapt your world so that greater unlocks can be achieved. It is not possible to succeed relaying on any one giant, or on any combination of basic resources and aspects.Added to this are additional, secondary, factors. Natura, danger, and awe augment how some resources act and how human villages respond to the world. These secondary factors are just that, secondary. I've played several games without any awe or danger, but in those games the humans became greedy and went to war with each other, or would attack the giants. As these challenges arise, the giants are equipped with a couple destructive powers.I feel Reus is amazingly well balanced, and no playthrough will be the same twice. The game has a large number of symbiotic combinations to discover, and as the player acheives new developments, new resources are unlocked. I would remind any new players to use the spacebar, and take the time to plan your developments. A 30 minute game seems like a short period of time, but one can easily spend several minutes planning a move, and a few seconds letting the game unpause to complete that before pausing again to plan.I'll end with the only significant negative: at time of writing, Reus does not have Steam Cloud support! This bothers me the most, because I feel Reus is a game where a single ""profile"" or sorts is best. Because so much time can be spent crafting an optimal world, I don't relish the thought of re-unlocking developments whenever I migrate from my desktop to laptop. As a casual game, Reus needs cloud savegame support.Regardless, I highly recommend Reus. Don't let its seeming simplicity fool you."
,Recommended,222730,8233012,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rooleyrools,Fun game hope to see more added but provides good few hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,222730,8233555,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,AdamBra,"A fun and interactive game. I like the clean and sharp graphics. Cool to see the settlements grow under your watchful eye. Get it now, will not dissapoint."
,Recommended,222730,8233906,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dargoth,"By far my game of the year. You would not expect this simple game to be so good, but the small choices interact in such beautiful ways, you're left with a complex gameplay that is well balanced and intuitive."
,Recommended,222730,3072893,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Julion Capua,"Very funny game, if you like strategy games this is one you need to buy, not too complicated, but have enough work to do. hehe"
,Recommended,222730,8171905,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Foursam,"Quite a fun little god game.Games work in timed segments, allowing you to perform challenges in the given time. Performing challenges gives you new content which you unlock."
76561198021482648,Recommended,222730,8172383,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Barras Galago,"This is a great a rarely unique game it's got a lovable art style with nice calming music that combines a sometimes frustrating gamplay system. Over this is definetly a game you wanna pick up during the hoiliday sale because it is an amazing amount of fun ,but... Do keep in mind that it will take you awhile to really grasp the concept of the game since in long term play you will need to think far far in advance to succed on 120 minute games."
76561198070309762,Recommended,222730,8173302,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,JJPotato77,Fun
76561198058070584,Recommended,222730,8230596,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Adam with the Vinyl,IT NEEDS TO WORK ON COMPUTERS WITH OTHER GRAPHICS CARDS
,Recommended,222730,7906583,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Iwantto Playagame,Good music and nice graphic.(for indy game)the only thing u have to do is mix and manage the resource for the best village growth.unlock achievement to unlock more resource and then unlock more achievement until u done all.7/10
,Recommended,222730,7906896,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Bear Necessities 🐻,Lovely little puzzle/godgame hybrid
76561198036523401,Recommended,222730,7911873,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Juti,This is a very fun and new indie game that you seriously should check out!You can basically nurture humans to create huge settlements or wage wars.The only thing I dont like is the speed of the giants you control so prepare to sit and wait for them to move around a lot.8/10
,Recommended,222730,1600807,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Reasonableman,"It's Doodle God plus Populous. If that gets you in a tizzy, it's a quality product, with some gorgeous sprites and lovely music. it's more of a toy than a game, though. 3/5"
76561198000396523,Recommended,222730,7916006,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Ross Clements,Beroendeframkallande
,Recommended,222730,7922964,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Pretbek,Its  very nice god-game to play. I recommend buying it. It lacks of diversity though
,Recommended,222730,7686065,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,CarlCX,The best part of any god-game is how no matter what terrible evils you're put up against the real villains are inevitably your own stupid ♥♥♥♥ing subjects.
76561198005223107,Recommended,222730,9186935,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Kame-chan,Black&White but 2D and more awesome.
,Recommended,222730,9140635,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tarsier,"Fun, fun, fun.Giants ruling the world; creating, destroying.Create life and watch civilization rise: save it, or watch it burn.All the while, cartoony art makes the game feel not so violent."
,Recommended,222730,10915358,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dr. Professor Firebat,This game...It is a bit slow and time consuming but can be rapid if your running low on time. It is fun to see the effects of your actions on humnaity. I personally enjoy it and I love the art style which is saying something because i usaully ignore anything thats about video unless its asolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ For a game Its awesome 8.8/10. for an indie game its even better.
76561198091906511,Recommended,222730,10920548,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jaffa,"I recommend this game due to the fact that it has an in dept system of creating a planet for your little people. Just like regular people they turn in to little ***holes. The task for you will be to keep them in order and make sure they are productive. This way you will be able to grow and get stonger! Oh, and that turns out to be quite the challenge.8/10"
,Recommended,222730,10897035,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,SBZ,God(s) Simulator 201310/10
,Recommended,222730,10897041,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,skorlir,"Foremost, anyone who hasn't played the game for at least 3 hours hasn't played it. This is quite simply the case. The game expands, and deepens, and becomes simultaneously easier and harder as you go. From what I judge is a good 1/3 to 1/2 of the way towards the fullest, deepest parts of the game (this based on my achievement progress -- which seems thus far to be directly tied to the ""skill tree,"" if you will, that unlocks new Giant upgrades and longer, more varied game modes), I have to say that I'm quite pleasantly impressed. I was drawn to the game by its artistic look and its unique mechanic -- and more than a couple fond memories of Black and White -- and I am beheld a fascinating, endearing, and from time to time backstabbingly painful, altogether simple and beautiful experience.It was a great impulse buy - I've certainly gotten my $3 or so out of it already, and I doubt I'm done with it yet. Fully recommend."
76561198026672907,Not Recommended,222730,10899857,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Guardianrule,Will Change my review when they update thier store page to refect it is NOT windows only
76561198025035867,Recommended,222730,10969063,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,rukixstalker,If your bored and looking to waste some time between a installation or doing whatever else.go ahead and get it.though i was hoping for a bit more of Black and white with Civ gameplay.
,Recommended,222730,10905451,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheTinx,Its an okay game.  Havent played it through but its a decent sandbox game.  Wouldnt get it for anymore than $5.
76561198045556374,Recommended,222730,10906029,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,isaac.cochran,I dont know if i would pay full price for this one but the time i have spent with it has been fun! I just think that if i spent the full ten then i would have a sour taste in my mouth. Anyway i do enjoy this game im resisting the urge to look up the best combos. i think ill fidgit with this one and not look up spoliers... or maybe i will
76561198054069263,Recommended,222730,10967847,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,IronVixen,"A great game that you can lose yourself in for hours at a time. The art style isn't very memorable but not under-whelming. I found the rounds with time limits are far more fun than the mode without. You can upgrade your 'Gods' in a rogue-like leveling system that is very creative. And there are many ways to combine luxuries, food etc. to enhance or hinder other luxuries, food etc. While it definitely had parts that stood out, there was still quite a bit that comes standard with God games or the like. I was hooked on it when I first bought it, but after playing something else and coming back, it wasn't as fun. Maybe it's just me, but after my initial playthrough, I just didn't want to play this game again."
76561198024949875,Recommended,222730,10968497,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,rvwesterop,"Incredibly fun game, easy to start, difficult to master."
,Not Recommended,222730,10639664,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,VinnyFTW,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Only reason I have so many hours is because I left it on and minimized for 5 days by mistake
76561198064426336,Not Recommended,222730,10627601,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cyro,"Interessante, porém um pouco chato."
76561198004738002,Recommended,222730,8254413,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Flock Of Corgis,"Would you like to play God ? If the answer is Yes , then this is the game for you."
76561198046392594,Recommended,222730,8254958,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,mauimorr,"reus (rros not re-use, aparently) is a game in which you play as a a planet and you controle four monsters to shape and mould the world to your likeing. the object of this game is to make yourself florish with life and to raise your human vilages to an ever higher prosperity. how ever i think you should be able to change the hights and the depths of the woeld however you want and they should let you have varrious diferent biomes and more variations of the given biones to add more playability to the game."
,Recommended,222730,412635,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,puttie,"Really fun and clever little god game. Each game is a self-contained 30 minute package of strategy, building management and WAR."
,Recommended,222730,8255799,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Irrational-Will,"Good game if you like puzzles.  It is a bit like Civ but you are trying to create a flourishing planet instead of killing everyone.  The point of them game is to find good combinations of buildings to satisfy the town.  There is no perfect combo since you will constantly be given different challenges and depending on how you level your giants, you will only have access to certain buildings.  Due to the massive number of combinations, the game can be played many times without repeating yourself. Well worth $3."
,Recommended,222730,3546904,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Jacozard,very enjoyable god game.
76561198007393350,Recommended,222730,8257332,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,prOOst,Wonderfull and creative game!
76561198005023660,Recommended,222730,8275247,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,LetDaWookieWin,Fun game.  SImple and thought provoking. My only real gripe is that there is a time limit on the main game (epic game mode).   I would like to play the game on a success/fail level.  Yes there is a free mode that has no limit but you cannot advance in free mode.  It does not make sense to have a time limit since it does not influence how you play the game.  You can only develop the humans so far so fast and each project has a time limit all to itself.  The time limit to the overall game does not change anything other than limiting how long the gamer can play which is a bad thing in my opinion. Overall I had fun with the game the fact that I want to play longer without starting over is a testimonial to that.
,Recommended,222730,8276436,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Devils18,Great game fum to play
76561198035477988,Recommended,222730,4317219,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Nasty Crime Crab,"An RTS God game in 2D.The art is quite charming and at times controlling the people towards what you want can be a challenge. But before you really know it you'll be beating the ever living bonk out of towns and cities. What I recommend as a strategy is to create as many towns as you can, make them spawn an emissary and then letting them fight it out and support the strongest.All in all a charming game that I rather like."
,Recommended,222730,8278065,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ehpik,"Reus is a fun game; A simple game, but fun. It doesn't take much to get used to. You basically play a God and you create these Elementals that help you create a World. Definitely worth it at a discounted price."
,Recommended,222730,8278154,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,memcus,It's fun!
,Recommended,222730,8312798,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ricrick,"Definitely a must get, very addictive.You control 4 golems  each with their own ability to add resources to the world, each different combination has different effects, well balanced and challenging, each game runs 30 min to 2 hours the most Kind of similar to poplus but more on balancing the resources."
,Recommended,222730,8314060,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Bingo Brooks,I had alot of fun playing this game! It is a different style and type of game compared to other games and I really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,222730,8303606,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Eric,"Reus is a great game that involves controlling 4 giants. They are the swamp, earth, water, and forest giants. Each of them has unique powers, but are usefull even when in other giants areas! Villages will rise if you give the world enough resources, and you get to help them or destroy them. Giving them too much will make them greedy. Not giving them enough resources will make them resort to war for resources. If you like games that let you ""Become A God"", this is an excellent choice!"
76561198015030233,Recommended,222730,8348090,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,moikpei,"Excellent challenge pacing.  The achievements push you toward different strategies rather than simply rewarding progress. It makes for good conveyance. I like that the play sessions are broken up by the stage timer (30/60/120mins). It keeps things from turning into a slog. It feels like it's halfway between GodFinger and SimCity. It's casual with a few degrees of complexity that should satisfy a hardcore gamer who wants to relax, or a casual gamer who's looking to step it up."
,Recommended,222730,8370342,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Hazzard Harry,"The play time seems to fly away as the gameplay is complex enough to intrigue and infuriate while being rather simple: maximise resources, appropriately.Those that enjoy a strategy in a colourful and beautifully presented game that designs the development of humanity on the globe would like this.  It is definitely something that fills time without dragging as you are managing and changing strategies.  As well as this, there are plenty of achievements to aim for; hours of fun to show that you can nurture humanity to a golden age!It is simply well done :)"
76561198051236819,Recommended,222730,7373230,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,kyba,"Great little over-world God game, really recommended for the indie lover / control freak who likes to care for bunches of humans.The humans need resources, and you can evolve one resource into another, but some evolutions are strange - like how can you evolve a deer into a leoperd, which then eats the deer?P.S. The humans like to go to war - especially with the Giants...so....yeah..."
,Recommended,222730,2594274,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Prahlo,a smooth strategy game
,Recommended,222730,7890088,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,MrFrans,"The game is very smart on how it ramps up the challenge for you. I think the idea that you start out with just 30 minute play sessions/challenges is benefitial for really getting to understand the symbioses between the systems. It also gives you a challenges on time pressure, that is actually fun. Often in sandboxy godgames you can quickly get bored if you just aimlessy putter around."
,Recommended,222730,7890551,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,hagmania,"Very simple permutation-based simulator with nice stylistic approach.  Can customize your playtime for every new game you begin, which is awesome."
76561197991363845,Recommended,222730,7891139,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TheMuffinMan,Cool unique game!
76561197998582861,Recommended,222730,7928954,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,bac0nfac3,This game is a ton of fun. Really good if you like rpg and rts games
76561198078810046,Recommended,222730,7935591,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Rana the Wayward,"This is a really awesome game, shape the world and live it up. Awesome!"
,Recommended,222730,315866,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Der_Rudi,Cool god/puzzle game.
76561197976726736,Recommended,222730,728085,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Manikhanda,"Very addictive IMO. Basically you lay down tiles of ocean, forest, swamp or desert and then place tiles of plants, animals, or minerals on those tiles to make up resources for the villages that settle nearby. The villages grow and you help them complete the projects that they attempt to construct but altering the resources you laid down, each project has different completion requirements. I recommend if you enjoy strategy or god-type games where you attempt to walk a line and help civilization survive and thrive."
,Recommended,222730,1985683,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,UjuidarEhcram,"Reus is a sim game where you control four giants capable of terraforming the planet to make it a place where human villages can thrive. But, if you give them too much, they may turn against each other or against you. Each time you play, your progress will allow you to build bigger, better things the next time around.I love these types of sim games, and I've had a ton of fun with Reus. I love trying to figure out the best way to give my village as much food as possible so they can build the next upgrade in the small amount of space they have. There are many ways to go about playing, and lots of viable strategies. Greed can make the game tough at times, though, because some of the villages will gain greed without provocation and start burning other villages down, which gets annoying at times.The graphics are simple and colorful, and they do their job well. The sound and music are fine. The game controls fairly well. My biggest criticism against this game is that the tech tree is pretty complex, and there's no way to pull up a map of it inside the game.If you like sim games or slower-paced strategy games, Reus is definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,222730,7755120,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Fox,"It seems simple enough at first, but will prove challenging if you want to collect all the achievements and complete all the challenges.  The giants' inability to directly control humanity proves to make this an interesting and very rewarding game.  Reus is definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,222730,7835429,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Concussed Tapir,HOLY FEELS BATMAN
,Recommended,222730,37270,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Sporkmonger,This is a great game for a lazy afternoon. I love it.
,Recommended,222730,5136404,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,KingOfStarrySkies,Nice time killer.
76561197995446782,Recommended,222730,7805193,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ihavea4,"You should check this game out, it's pretty cool."
76561198060661408,Recommended,222730,10520278,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Patbrick45,"Reus. A great name for a great game. Reus is a sadbox game where you use giants to create and shape the world your way. If you like Minecraft, Terraria, any other Minecraft knockoffs, and any other sandbox game, you're sure to love Reus. 10/10!"
,Recommended,222730,10539687,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ruein,Funky little game with lots of replayability.
76561198063829572,Recommended,222730,10563826,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,sofievanh,"Good game, gentle learning curve and truly complex achievements for those who put in the time. Can be time-consuming and move seemingly slow in the beginning (due to the unlocking process of sources), but is worth it for people who enjoy real-time strategic god games!"
76561198038050497,Recommended,222730,10569433,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,rajumat,Adorable yet slightly sinister God Game. Also gets to be quite a challenge at the higher levels. Definitely worth a buy.
,Recommended,222730,1071567,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,fernanthonies,"Had a blast with this one.  It seems pretty simple at first but it becomes pretty deep when you get to the last group of unlocks.  If you like strategy games, you'll probably like this one."
76561198068597707,Recommended,222730,6542368,"Posted: 2 October, 2013",all,BorrowedLuck,"have it a while now - I still play a lot and it's still tons of fun. Also: one giant's cycle, in which you can shape the earth, is a set time - 30, 60, or 120 min. great casual game!!"
,Recommended,222730,10556842,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Blissain hellcase.com,"Very cool game! With enough options to choose from you'll go through quite some games before getting bored. I did get bored quickly, though that's probably the short attention span spea- oh hey summer sale."
,Not Recommended,222730,10648441,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Scrogs,"I feel sort of boxed in when I play this game, like there are only certain outcomes which you will always be striving forward but may never achieve."
76561198111342690,Recommended,222730,7972079,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,13th,This is surprisingly fun and a lot more complex than it looks at a glance. Great if you like a bit of micro managing. My only grouse is that there arent any DLC or a part 2!
76561198045591901,Recommended,222730,7973004,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Woddels,It is a fun game and it chalenges your ability to combine task in order to grow.
,Recommended,222730,7798976,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,CORONA EXTRA LIGHT,"Very calming, but also very clear-cut game. It's basically about min-maxing, but deciding how you want to do it, and what research paths to unlock. I enjoy the cartoony visuals, and the great amount of replayability."
76561198010369064,Recommended,222730,2641408,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,ThingFish,"I love the influx of really good $10 games on Steam, Reus is one of them. It's a sim/strat where you control four gods shaping the world with oceans, forests, mountains and swamps. Each god has a skill set based around the environment they represent. You use the gods to create resources. The forest god can create fruiting shrubs and trees for food. The mountain god can create mines adding wealth and minerals. These resources are then used by the people who will inhabit the world you create. They in turn start projects; each project requires a certain number of resource and/or land types.The game is all about challenges and there's hundreds for beginners, intermediates and advanced players. I highly recommend it."
76561198060373382,Recommended,222730,7960459,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,FrigidOfDoom,Rather entertaining watching your civilization grow from relying on you for everything to being so greedy they try to kill you or seeing them worship you and make sacrifice altars for you
,Recommended,222730,18305310,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,JonLimitless,Disclaimer: I only have had around 6 hours of play time at the time of this review.Rating:6.5/10Overall:I think this game is a great strategy based game and wonderful at the base cost of $10 USD. I will continue to play it on and off outside of the usual games I play on regular basis when I need something new.Pros:1. Great value at its price when you think of all the content and replayiblity.2. Interesting concept that was done right and not being over the top.Cons:1. The graphics allure you to think this is a simple mindless type game when its not.2. Takes a while to learn a lot of the major concepts and thinking to get in the real late game content without freeplay on.Personal Thoughts:First time I played Reus I thought it was an interesting concept and looks like something I could play mindlessly while I do other things on my computer. I spent around 2 hours on this game a couple weeks ago in the basic 30 minute modes that is set up by default. Highly enjoyed it but something did not seem right so I shelved it for another day since it wasn't really that kinda game.Recently I picked it backed up thinking I wanted to play something casually and this was about the only thing in my library that followed that idea. This time though I wanted to get more into it and really understand the machenics trying to break down the differences in things to do. I realized that this game is very indepth in a strategy/content way. The difference alone placing two fruit lands beside each other then using Fruit Aspect on one then Lead Aspect on another to achieve just very different things. It seems stupid since these machenics are small but over time getting everything just right especially when trying to build big cities that aren't greedy.- Random Gamer
76561198054809672,Recommended,222730,5731881,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,combat,"To compare this game to Populous is akin to comparing Portal to Doom - very great games that share similarities but that are dramatically different.You have 4 giants that hold domain over different qualities of the world (ocean, rock, forest and swamp). You combine the powers of these 4 giants in different ways to help your various villages grow. It starts very complicated (all the different things that interact) and gets easier as you complete the tutorials. They then toss you into the real world and things get complicated again..."
76561198035384646,Recommended,222730,4309236,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Balthock,"I really like this game, it's simple to play, but has complexity..."
,Recommended,222730,6591694,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Florida Man,Its so cool LOL
76561198128438788,Not Recommended,222730,16853685,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Okhaltist,"FIRST OFF, I DO BELIEVE THAT THIS IS A GOOD GAME, ONE THAT PEOPLE COULD ENJOY. HOWEVER, I PERSONALLY CANNOT RECOMMEND THIS TO OTHERS. IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO TRY, YOU SHOULD PROBABLY WAIT FOR A SALE.Reus has a whole lot of interesting ideas and features to it. It has a really complex and intricate system and the mechanics of the game compliment this. I personally bought the game because I love god games, I have played Black and White (and 2), populous, dungeon keeper (and 2) and these games are all really great. Mastering control over a 2d planet and its inhabitants sounded like a really cool idea to me. Unfortunately it wasn't my thing, the idea of re-playability to me is being able to invent and control your own game every time. I understand that you are not supposed to be able to control the populous to a great extent, but I ended up playing what felt the same type every time. The achievements and unlocks I was trying to accomplish were obfusticated by these villagers. I'm sure if I stuck with it, I'd be unlocking plenty of features of the game, but I couldn't figure out how to do so. The guides and people's Q and A's did not really help. I was stumbling a lot. I felt that the unlocks should have been changed to meeting certain, more specific (and controllable) criteria. What I mean by this is that borders should have influences (people should build out for the resources they want) and projects built should be based around certain needs (so if there are tons of fish in the ocean, then they should build a harbour rather than a school, its very frustrating). This would have worked a lot better, giving the player more control for what they want to do but not give then complete power over their villages.The main issue is that villagers build what they want to build and start essentially when they want to start. You have very little control over this besides a few environmentally-based projects and smashing down a project you don't want built. This is a nice and interesting feature, but time constraints make it feel as if I'm constantly working against the villagers. Rather than actually helping these people out and feeling that I earnt the achievement I was going for, I feel I am competing or fighting against the people. It isn't a nice feeling.The gruel of getting achievements is also slow, I understand that this is the main part of the game, but you essentially build up the same way to get the same things to expand your horizons later. Also, I have a small gripe with you seeing the achievements you already have when you are finished with an era. Why do I need to see these again? It confused me into thinking I didn't have these, initially creating a false sense of mass achievement. Not too big of a deal, but still there.I feel this is more a game that doesn't appeal to me, rather than being a bad game. I just wrote this review in case there are those of you who are like me and might have similar expectations."
,Recommended,222730,18651931,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Braxian,Very simple and addictive.
,Recommended,222730,17067042,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,that_bad,"God game - reminiscent of Populus. Casual, yet complex. Cute, yet frustrating (in a good way!). If you can pick it up in a sale you'll not regret the low cost for the potential hours you'll get back from it. Has you coming back to try out new combinations ...!"
,Recommended,222730,3760781,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Frawlyne,This game is addictive in a way that has latched onto the depth of my soul. Highly recommended. Those pesky humans are a pain in my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052306307,Recommended,222730,18787032,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,DaweX,This might not be the best game I've played but because of the low price tag and the easy learning curve it's still worth picking up.The goal of the game is to make your villages grow by strategically placing out and uppgrading different kinds of resources that all have different synergies with eachother.At first the design might seem simple but as you get further into the game it can get really complicated and the feeling of finding a new strong combo is always very rewarding.
,Not Recommended,222730,18579781,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Archebold,"Although I will admit, the forst hour or so is pretty dang good, after all that it tends to just fall into the same rhythm of 'place a bush there, put a rock next to it to make more food'It did get quite boring for me quite quickly, but that does not mean it is a bad game.4/10"
76561197970676461,Recommended,222730,13712476,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Oranthal_J_Simpson,"Very nice for a few games at a deeply discounted price. Interesting concept, but will get very boring and repetitive after a while."
76561197979540016,Not Recommended,222730,9353979,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Santus Dee Lupinus,"This game has a neat concept, but I feel like the execution is lacking.  It was fun to play for a little while, but the fact that you have to balance progression instead of powering through it means that the game is less about skill and micromanagement, which I like, and more about patience and cultivation.Maybe if you like cultivating a garden, this is the right kind of game for you.But for the average gamer, this one is a miss."
,Recommended,222730,9444830,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Bobbi Deniro,Somehow complex beneath all the simplicity. One of my lifetime favorites.10/10
76561197998165492,Recommended,222730,1800412,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Witty Name Here,"Had I been able to play a demo I wouldn't have bought this. I think that may be more because I don't like ""Civ"" type games anymore. You litterally micromanage the entire planet. A lot of the game is spent trying to figure out how to min/max bonuses within each town, not stomping around doing giant overlord type stuff. Imo, buy From Dust before you pick this up."
,Recommended,222730,3722024,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Dragon,"This game goes between ""Black & White"" and ""Populous"". Like its simple charming graphics, this game looks simple at first. But after playing it for a while, you can see that this game is actually quite complex and has lots of micromanagement and lots of objectives you need to complete. Depending what powers your Gods use on villages, their needs and development can go in totally different directions (every time I play, I discover something new). Of course, you can always (although, you don't have to) smash a village if it becomes greedy. It can be very fun indie game if you are patient enough."
76561198050003442,Not Recommended,222730,11557438,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Hero of TIME,"I had high hopes for this game when I saw trailers for it. I thought it looked ""AMAZING!!!"". Being able to shape your own world and rule over villages with 4 gods. However of all the games I got excited for and bought the second it came out... It was just ""ok"". It was fun for the first round goofing around with the giants, testing out their skills. But then like that the 30 minute timer was over. I tried to unlock the 60 minute mode but I realized this isn't a goof off god simulator, it's a strategy game. Giving the resources to whichever village needs it, smiting the vilages that have become bloodthirsty or who defy you. And that may seem  fun. But it isn't. I have played over 22 hours trying to unlock the 1 hr mode but I am not that good in this game, because it isn't meant to be fun it is meant to be a puzzle to get achievments to unlock more game time (and buildings) to unlock more achievements. And really that's all this game is. Before each session you can choose which 3 of the many acheivments you'd like to strive for. It sold itself as a fun god simulator. While it is, it just isn't really that fun after the initial first hour or 2.This game would be perfect for people who love a challenge and figure out the best way to put the earth together.But I am not that person. In the end it's just an ""ok"" game. If the timer wasn't so limiting it might be better. (Oh also there is an infinite time mode but it just isn't satisfying because you have to unlock a ton of buildings from the timed sessions.)"
,Recommended,222730,30889631,Posted: 1 April,all,BigSeth,"I would recomend this game to anyone that likes to perfect systems.  The game involves you controling giants to manipulate nature to produce resources.  The humans on the world then use these resources to grow seatlements.  You want to help the setlements grow as large as posible in the game time that you set ahead of time.  If the cities grow to fast the people will try and kill your giants or the other cities.  Growing the cities gives your giants more abilities, and completing ubjectives unlocks terain upgrades that let your cities grow bigger."
,Recommended,222730,26007281,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,bulgarianBarbarian,So charming while requiring you to actually think about what you're doing. I have made entire worlds just to populate the world with deserts and watch the tortoises roam about. I have some issues with there not being a Tundra giant (why Swamp???) but the game makes it work.
,Recommended,222730,4024423,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,lexxingt0n,Gorgeous little game!
76561198033087086,Not Recommended,222730,26500800,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sly,"The game was only $10 so for the price I don't regret the purchase.  I've played the game for about 9 hours now according to Steam and the game has already gotten repetitive and monotonous.  I would not recommend.  Fun for an afternoon, not more than that."
76561197972482853,Recommended,222730,586313,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Blue,"Simple to learn, insanely fun, addictive as hell."
,Recommended,222730,28640521,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,EvilElmo91,"Very enjoyable to jump into and play for a session. Actually has quite a lot of complexity to it once you get into it. However, it's not the sort of game you sit at home and play all day. It is the sort of game you can play for an hour or two. It's also very pretty."
76561198006401721,Recommended,222730,2365865,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,BLACKHOUND,"I really recommend this game. Really simple yet incredibly complex. I just love to smash imprudent cities who attack my gods! One thing I like is the different challenges that you can acheive, each makes you create cites which are different. The progression in complexity is well done since when you start games are short and simple but as you progress it gets more complex and challenging.All in all a great little game and lots of entertainment."
76561198103492042,Recommended,222730,28697973,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Parasitic Revolution,A beautiful God-Game.
76561198067421878,Recommended,222730,29243895,Posted: 14 January,all,SwεdεnG♩яl #FML,Very good game for relax.7/10
,Recommended,222730,265036,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,DrLord,"Great game with significant replay value. If you like God sim type games, this is one to grab. You play as four gods and alter the landscape as citys settle and grow, establish major buildings, or declare war on other cities your even the gods! Games last from 30m to 2 hours and there's an achievement system to unlock new buildings and landscape elements. I give it a 4 out of 5."
76561198024274857,Recommended,222730,3530681,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,MD Tron,"This game is amazing!  I would recommend that you buy this, for 10 dollars this game is well worth it..  The game play and replay value is great.  The art, music, everything, one of the best Indie games I have played thus far.  Check out my game list, i dont recommend every game I have, only the really good ones."
,Recommended,222730,1686937,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Kure[DJS],"Good game. Evolution mechanics are really enjoying, some goals are hard to reach, but you won't see that time is flying around you when you play."
,Recommended,222730,172065,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Bishop Won Dai,Creative!
76561198109200985,Recommended,222730,7339692,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Jack Lake,Amazing Graphcs... very cool soundtrack. The concepts are very basics amd very complex at the same. A very good development
,Not Recommended,222730,332772,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Gyrolin,"This is pretty much a 2D version of Black & White. It's less complex although it involves multiple cities. Each time you start the game you'll start at square one, similar to a civilization game. It can be fun, but it's not mindblowingly new. I'm not upset I paid 5 dollars for it, but I can image there are better uses for the money. 5.5/10"
76561198007298934,Recommended,222730,8260821,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ezergood,"Bought in sale for under 2 pounds. Well worth it. Fun mess about game, sound tutorial. Muck about with habitat to influence development of puny humans. Then if they annoy you, kill them all anyway :)"
,Recommended,222730,8261458,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,forrrr,"Its a very simple game, that challanges you to do better every time. Beautiful graphics, easy to learn and follow, offers hours of fun, a must have choice"
76561198026711903,Recommended,222730,3731569,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,TimeBandit,"There is not enough Good games like reus coming out. This is a beautiful game and I would really like to play it again. It keeps you on yer toes, and you have to make critical decisions.  its such an awesome style and they really made it magical. it has lots of room for learning to do advanced level♥♥♥♥♥♥ or you can just mess around..you gotta be careful what your doing cuz randomly yer elemental giant just falls asleep for 1000 years.. its a  kick♥♥♥♥♥concept for a wonderful time.  10/10"
76561197971517563,Recommended,222730,8263222,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Spartan,Fun game for $2.49
76561198084320990,Recommended,222730,8381890,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dick,"I recommend this game to people who are looking for a slower puzzle like game.The Main thing that i didnt like about this game is the pace. If it had some fast forward bar or something on it, i would put more hours onto it.If you feel like playing something while you watch TV or something its a good game.Very pretty, and interesting idea."
,Recommended,222730,8383087,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DANK M3M3s,worth it
,Recommended,222730,1422940,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Suicida T. Dominado,Humans are selfish needy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ They should all be destroyed.
,Recommended,222730,8387116,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Pockyist,"A game perfect for people with a god complex (pun intended), this is a test in how well you can shape the world to meet a civilization's needs. While micro-management is not involved, you'll use four giants to mold the biomes into habitable places for your nomads. It's a fine balance increasing the abundance of natural resources without creating too much greed in your potential worshippers. For casual gamers who enjoy simulation games with a bit of strategy, I highly recommend Reus."
,Recommended,222730,8389042,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Via Crucis,A great game to play in small bursts (that sometimes ends up lasting much longer). Replay value is much more significant due to the structure of objectives. Really cool to experiment and learn all the combinations that are in the game and the improvements that happen throughout. (A good variety of improvements/buildings/things to do at least for now).
76561198031027550,Recommended,222730,8363070,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Torlynic,this game is an amazing god game.
76561198041672559,Recommended,222730,4771608,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Axeft,This game is a chaotic and haphazard mess of complete trash. Trying to keep track of all the nonsensical crap in this game is a chore.
,Recommended,222730,6760977,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,CorgiFright,"a very fun game. if i were you, i would totally get this. it is only about 10.00!"
,Recommended,222730,8392390,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,oMooNo,"For those who likes Spore, this is a game for you!"
76561198045190415,Recommended,222730,8394839,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Darach,"If the greed of some humans does get the better of them, you can let them wage war on (and possibly destroy) other villages; you can try to punish them into a state of humility; or you can always opt for a good old-fashioned smiting via your rock giant's mountain ability. On one hand, it can be disappointing to destroy everything you've worked to help your humans build. On the other, demonstrating your tremendous power and sending a clear, wrathful message about how foolish the humans were to behave the way they did can be morbidly satisfying.Pretty much smite humans for being greedy what's not to like."
76561198131606896,Recommended,222730,23431710,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Heidasaurus,I bought this game a week ago and have already put so many hours into it. The tutorial is great and really helps you get an understanding of the game. The only think I wish was different is that there would be a more advanced era mode that wasn't the tutorial.
76561198031089754,Recommended,222730,23110794,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Gilgil,"I bought this game when it came out, and played it through 100%.  In fact, I enjoyed it enough that I reset the in-game progress, just so I could unlock everything all over again.  Even with all the achievements unlocked, I still play the game, although obviously making my own challenges is required to keep the game fresh.  All in all, I cannot recommend this game strongly enough for anyone who wants to sit back and just make their dream planet.For gameplay, this game is essentially an evolving puzzle where you need to find which available resources will best go in each spot to maximize the effectiveness.  The challenge results from nurturing your cities fast enough to meet their challenges, but not so fast that they declare all out war on each other.  The visuals of the game give you enough information to tell what is happening for the most part and make the world feel alive, while at the same time not stressing my computer too much (which many other modern games tend to)."
76561198281989079,Recommended,222730,23409820,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,You2mine,Simple and calm and also nice graphics. Love to see the four giants work and sometimes I dont like the humans being angry with them and making war all the time. But overall a nice game I like ^^
,Not Recommended,222730,11915226,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Fakse,Get borred IN the tutorial :c (In like 20 min)
,Recommended,222730,23357098,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Fox,"This game is easily worth the 75% off price, but even at full price, I'd recommend it. It's an interesting game with unique mechanics. It's a bit confusing to figure out, especially at first, thank goodness for forced tutorials, but once you get the hang of it and are set out on your own, you find more things to get confused about... but all in good fun."
76561198045720333,Not Recommended,222730,20461494,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Vozz,"Sort of fun but very limted gameplay, not worth full price."
,Recommended,222730,20321242,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,crnisokol,"It's a nice little god simulator/world building game, but nothing more than that. Gameplay mechanics is solid, graphically it has a nice art-style, music is minimalistic and there is only one game mode to play. What this game really lacks is greater scope. If this is studio's first game then I am looking forward to what they will do next. Anyway, I recommend fans of the genre to try these indie title."
,Not Recommended,222730,20562882,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,GMTemplar,I was on the edge about recommending this title but the lack of a good in-game guide of the resources really makes playing it more arduous than it should be. The advanced achievements require huge synergy bonuses. Creating those bonuses while at the same time browsing the wiki for vital info slows the gameplay down to a crawl.It was fun enough for around 15 hours of gametime. If the game is on sale cheap enough you can buy it and play it for what it's worth.
,Recommended,222730,19817236,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Riddle,"I wouldn't recommend this game at $10, but getting it for sale at $2 seems a fair price."
,Recommended,222730,19825697,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Qahnaarin,good
,Recommended,222730,19974456,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,fruit varnish,Civ 5 with better graphics
,Recommended,222730,19979027,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,TrumpNation2017,Reus
,Recommended,222730,19993927,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,"Don't actually remember why or how I got this game.But apparently you can make more wars than the Christian God in the Bible, which is an impressive feat to say the least.10/10 would play as liquid shrek again."
,Recommended,222730,20480530,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Stinky Brinky Skunk Skunk,👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀👌👀 good♥♥♥♥♥♥go౦ԁ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some good👌♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right👌👌there👌👌👌 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my self 💯 i say so 💯 thats what im talking about right there right there (chorus: ʳᶦᵍʰᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) mMMMMᎷМ💯 👌👌 👌НO0ОଠOOOOOОଠଠOoooᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒᵒ👌 👌👌 👌 💯 👌 👀 👀 👀 👌👌Good ♥♥♥♥♥auce me the ♥♥♥♥ up 🍕🍅🍕🍅🍕🍅🍕🍅🍕🍅 cheesy♥♥♥♥♥♥cheesy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thats ✔ some cheesy🍕♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥right🍕🍕th 🍕 ere🍕🍕🍕 right✔there ✔✔if i do ƽaү so my selｆ
,Not Recommended,222730,9327974,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Ariadne,"Checking out the trailer of this game, you'd think ""Oh, it's just like thatGodFingerapp!""  GodFinger and Reus both allow you to manipulate your world as a deity and watch how your people will react to your actions.  You can make land formations or cast down destruction.  However, unlike GodFinger, Reus is more of a strategy and puzzle game.  For me, this was a disappointment as I could not build entirely what I wanted as the quests expected something else of me.  I probably will not pick this up again anytime soon."
,Recommended,222730,20724005,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,1nvul,"I'M A FABULOUS GOD, MAN."
,Recommended,222730,20747554,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,D470N36UY,"This is the kind of game where 2 in game hours is at least 5 real life hours, but you'll love every moment of itIt requires alot of careful planning and consideration when trying to build up your settler's civilizationsHere are a couple of things this game includes:-The ability to change how long a game takes-A ""skill tree"" that allows you to unlock more materials that you can plant-Gods helping form the world thus helping the humans who live there grow-Greedy ****s that try and attack your gods or neighboring civilizations, whom you get to destroyIt's a great game if you are patient and like strategy games, or if you just like messing around with humans as a godIt may seem simple at first, but it gets much more complicated and in depthHighly recommended"
76561198134590890,Recommended,222730,19294107,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Brianneke™,Its fun but its a little bit simple
,Recommended,222730,20930227,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Yanick,The game is fun when you finaly understand it! :3
,Recommended,222730,1854974,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Onebadterran,"Curator Review:Fun little game. The premise of the game is to be a planet, control your giants, and guide humanity to success. Easier said than done.You take control of four giants and meld the terrain to your fitting. Make it habitable and humans will settle. But be careful. Give one village too much power and they may just start a warpath!Reus is a slow and chill game, with each session taking 30mins to two hours. I personally find this game charming. The music, the aesthetics, and the graphics are quaint. If you can pick this game up on sale, do so. It is worth the buy.Single player only.https://youtu.be/S3MAi4uYbb4"
,Recommended,222730,19845925,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dekker,"Great game to pick up during a sale. The gameplay is a bit slow in the beginning, but once you get to know the mechanics, it really is a great tactical and fun game."
76561198013980722,Not Recommended,222730,21388361,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,coda777,"If it looks like poop, plays like poop! Mostly likely it is a juicy BAG FULL O POOP! I have tried playing this game several times. I have given it a good go... I really wanted to try and understand how the game works. But honestly! Snooze zzz zzz zzz zzz zzz! nothing is fun about it. It feels like some 1960's hippy is trying to feed me a subliminal message through some kind of planet GODs that are frankly kind of odd and weak. The crab GOD makes me hungry for crab sticks! The tree god looks like GRUTE's mum on weed and the rock god is an IDIOT. Meh... boring snooze x 1000000. Dont buy until it is $1.99. Save your money for a STEAM SALE."
76561198104214819,Recommended,222730,20986825,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Fortrider_,Fun but small game!
,Recommended,222730,21519331,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Sapphire,"Its a sandbox game, very unique to other sandboxes.Gameplay 4/5 - The gameplay stay the same with every new game, doesn't really bring anything new."
,Recommended,222730,21541359,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Musica,I still don't fully understand how to play this game
,Not Recommended,222730,21545787,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,The Pumpkin Melon (e),"It got a bit boring and repetitive after a while. It just wasn't interesting.I mean, it was fun for a while, but I just got bored."
,Recommended,222730,21049607,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,rerigio,สนุกเมื่อแรกเล่น แต่จะเบื่ออย่างรวดเร็ว เล่นคลายเครียดขำๆได้ เหมาะแก่การซื้อช่วงลดราคา
76561197962763576,Recommended,222730,20978318,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Malaysianshrew,A unique game centered around developing your tiny world by upgrading different types of biomes. The basics are simple enough but it quickly turns into a game of planning your biomes to compliment eachother and strategically upgrading them.
,Recommended,222730,20999096,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,astoverc,Very fun
,Recommended,222730,21861125,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Unimate,"Gotta start by saying: I'm nowhere near done with this game, but I don't think I'm going to stop playing anytime soon either.It's a super fun God-sim with a neat world-building mechanic. The round world with limited space means that a lot of micro-managing needs to happen in order for your world to thrive and for your villages to exist in-tandem. The art is bright and engaging, and really sets the tone (for me as a pacifist-style player, anyways). Power-ups are initially a bit annoying to get used to, in my opinion, just because of all the combinations available. This is to the benefit of longer games, however, where specific resources become more valuable over others.My 4-year-old niece really likes it because it reminds her of Minecraft, only with ""cute monsters."" Nothing beats a cute monster."
76561198046453875,Recommended,222730,30729153,Posted: 25 March,all,Solenya,"Fun game, instructions unclear, everyone died... but seriously, it can be difficult but thats the fun of it :)"
76561197974379049,Not Recommended,222730,17098545,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Meow,its was just really boring and slow
,Recommended,222730,8288373,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,OG VAPELORD,I don't know what im doing...but i like it. Buy it.
,Recommended,222730,8291191,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Uchua,"This game is gorgeous, simple, and entertaining. It forces you to multitask, prioritize, and react quickly. If you have the money for it I highly recommend you invest it in what is simply an awesome game."
76561198109217150,Recommended,222730,8293111,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jordan Joestar,"It's a pretty good game because you have this dry new world with 4 elemental giants that help and support all kinds of life, and the thing is that you have to really strategize how to maintain that population and their success."
76561198064666363,Recommended,222730,8323141,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,luiz_amorimj,Great game. One of the few indie games that is actually good.
76561198087697828,Recommended,222730,8326306,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Soda Popper,really fun and beutiful buy for hours of fun 9/10
76561198007747606,Recommended,222730,8412567,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ben Linus,"This game is a breath of fresh air, some nice mechanics and overall very relaxing to play. Worth it at full price , a steal at 66% off."
,Recommended,222730,8414020,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SuculantWarrior,"Amazing game! Great if you like games like From Dust, where you use your intellect to create and solve problems. Comes with a wiki. Really easy to learn,  CRAZY HARD to master!"
,Recommended,222730,8421678,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Shantir,"Reus is a game that sits in a very particular niche. Though I do enjoy this game, and am recommending it, it's usually only fun in short bursts. The game involves controlling different giants (such as an ocean giant and a forest giant), using their abilities to help villages of humans settle and grow. In the regular game mode, you are given a certain amount of time (the first mode is 30 minutes) to see how far you can develop the human cultures.The game is enjoyable overall, but the giants move very slow, sometimes have long cooldowns on abilities, and, ultimately, don't do very much. The core game mechanic seems to be helping the humans build and upgrade special building, which usually just involves spamming the same resources in the area surrounding their village. The game gets repetitive very fast, has very little to offer in the long run, but is actually pretty charming and decent.As a gamer, this game gets a little boring. As a graduate student who dabbles in video game studies, this game offers some interesting mechanics to the civilization building genre, offers some interesting ideas about religion and the environment, and serves as a good experiment in different forms of game design. I wouldn't spend too much on this, and would do a good deal of research on it first."
76561197981116152,Recommended,222730,8423996,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Schaffner,"It is a funny Indie game, but become boring quickly as the achievements needed to advance to the next level, can only be completet by playing the first level multiply time. (which is practically always the same).I like the stlye and the idea. And would recommend it, as long as it is on sale!"
,Recommended,222730,27673984,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Maggy Avidán,"Ok lemme tell you, this game is beautiful.Who can think up of a game composed of four giants, trying to make a world before they fall asleep.The achievements are actually fun to get. (That's pretty rare.)I HIGHLY reccomend this game, for anyone stratigic or creative."
,Recommended,222730,27658168,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fenrir,Very cool god game.
,Recommended,222730,27980519,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aranjuez,A fabulous thinking game!
,Recommended,222730,28066606,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dion,"This game is my secret crush of the last three years.The gameplay is absolutely great, the giants are totally cute and always few minutes away of a lot of fun."
76561198002780512,Recommended,222730,27738356,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,grautnos,"Yup, buy it."
,Recommended,222730,27761678,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Syntax,"I tend to only play Reus when I'm traveling, but that doesn't mean it's not a great game. I really enjoy it, and it's challenging in unique ways. I'm not very adept at it, but even for someone not overly good at the game, it's really entertaining. I like to play it when I travel (via train) as it passes time very well. I get motion sickness from reading while in motion (even on trains), and once you get the hang of reus, the reading is very minimal.I should play it more often now that I think about it."
,Recommended,222730,27393487,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dozam,"Fun game to just mess around with (good time killer), but don't get me wrong, it is fun to marathon as well. The mechanics are simple, but using them to maximum efficency is not."
76561198006581393,Recommended,222730,27581749,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VANDOMINO,Great Game. Would highly recommend.
,Recommended,222730,27783987,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Quantum Chainsaw,"For the most part this is a very mellow game of shaping the planet to help the people that live on it. Each playthrough is 30-120 minutes, but the real game is in completing challenges that unlock new things for the next playthrough. Once you get to the harder ones you'll have to watch everything carefully, and you'll curse the stupidity of people going to war for reasons you couldn't prevent.It's a very unique take on the ""god game"" genre, and probably my favorite."
76561198078862799,Recommended,222730,15710846,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,TheDave,"This game is awesome, it costed me only 5 euro's but kept me playing for hours and hours. The style of the game is beatiful and the music is relaxing. I would rate this game 8/10."
76561198214085827,Recommended,222730,33361538,Posted: 7 July,all,Tankilormaster,"I love the game, the giants are cute (i hope you decide to make merchandise). I think the ""war"" system could use some work, maybe if a village is attacked once with no danger level, they would get obliterated. But maybe a village with some danger would stand a chance cause they know how to defend themselves, and maybe improve the combat system so its more war-like instead of just, ""throw some spears and thats that folks!"" war is more than just 1 battle. Im aware game development takes some time, but maybe improve those things? And add more giants, like a snow/arctic giant and a volcano giant. I already have ideas of what aspects or abilities they could give eachother. And maybe the villages have different religions, maybe one that despises giants and loves war, and all those combinations.  and based on those ideals an alliance can be made or an enemy formed, just like real life. thats all i have for now, i hope you can implement at least SOME of these things."
,Recommended,222730,33375199,Posted: 8 July,all,۞A۞b۞a۞n۞d۞o۞n۞e۞d,This game gave me 3 hours of fun. Got it for $5 and i didnt regret it.
,Recommended,222730,33394477,Posted: 8 July,all,Seijaku.kun,"Be honest, you've always wanted to shape the world like that."
76561198034764562,Recommended,222730,33565344,Posted: 15 July,all,Hydralisk,"Very cool game.You play as a 'Planet' which controls four giants - demigod nature's aspects - rock, ocean, forest and swamp. You shape your territory, seed plants, dig mines - and then humans come and start living, building, fighting and demanding even more minerals/gas/gold/snacks from your giants. After certain timer (30/60/120 mins) giants fall asleep, so do you - the Era ends.Game goal: to help humans finish as much projects as you can in a given timeframe.Easy looking? Yeah, start is very smooth. But making your Planet 'great again' will require a lot of mechanics understanding, careful planning and stategic approach. Grabing all of achievments can be tricky.Overall: 8/10 for not giving an option to increase game speed"
,Recommended,222730,687787,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,Arson,"Reus reminds me of the god-games of old, with a newer twist. As you use 4 beastly gods to mold the planet, your people start to demand certain things. It's your choice to provide them with what they want vs what they need. Creating relationships between resources (such as sowing seeds on water creating fish to be harvested) is what the game is about. Careful, though, because if you tell your people no all the time they will rebel.I like Reus because it doesn't pretend to be something it's not. It's a simple game, at a decent price. Even better if it's on sale."
76561198078767686,Recommended,222730,19893884,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Alterspica,I have spend 120h on my life in this gameI´d tried differents combinations and synergiesstill got more than 10 archivements to complete10/10 totally worth
76561198196631926,Recommended,222730,19875790,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,姚不白,"Play like a god, it's a good game. I bought it for only ￥7!"
76561198046518930,Recommended,222730,31982783,Posted: 26 May,all,Lady Grey,"this game has great style and is interesting in premise but the game seems oddly complicated not because of depth but because of how you balance the resources. keeping track of how different resources balance with eachother or who can assist with upgrades is more of a tedious task rather then a creative challange. think this is great for some and is relaxing but feel the tutorial was lacking and lead to no investment,"
76561197961196496,Recommended,222730,29106894,Posted: 7 January,all,coordi,"This is a management game that is simple on the surface but quite complex when playing for the achievments or playing longer rounds.  You control 4 demigods that then control different biomes. From there you build up settlements by laying down ground layers of different biomes then planting various resources that accompany the demigods.  Each resource reacts differently with different biomes.  As settlements build you will be presented with requirements of various resources to upgrade the city.  Upgrade too fast and the settlement will become greedy and attack nearby settlements.  Upgrade too slow and you will lose the opportunity to achieve that upgrade and will have to wait some time for a new set of requirements.Through these mechanics you can play relaxing games of 30 minutes that will have little chance of greedy settlements killing each other, or you can play much longer games on bigger maps that will require a greater level of skill to beat.This is why I would recommend Reus.  It is entirely viable to be played as a casual game, but it also has a pretty high skill cap and level of depth.Not to say it doesn't have its flaws though.  It can be frustrating at times, and slow.  You will feel like you don't have any control, but control is something you will achieve with practice if you desire.  Also if you are going to play a longer game a fair amount of planning can be involved.  You will be surprised how fast the time goes by when you are actually trying to achieve something specific."
,Not Recommended,222730,17328519,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Darth Vader,"The game is fun when you're trying to understand how to get the best set ups and all but once you've played enough of it, it can get a bit boring."
76561197990838138,Recommended,222730,1293043,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Etnograf,"Стратегический платформер с приятной рисованой графикой.В нём игрок управляет четырьмя гигантами, относящихся к разным экосистемам (морской, лесной, болотной и горной).Гиганты могут изменять игровую планету в соответствии со своими уникальными способностями: создавать моря, воздвигать горы, засевать леса, разводить болота и заселять их разнообразной флорой и фауной, которую впоследствии можно модернизировать через применение к ним особых свойств.Главной задачей игры является достижение максимально возможного уровня развития планеты до того момента, когда все четыре гиганта заснут."
76561198032592107,Recommended,222730,4133349,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,toppinw,"I've spent a few hours with this game so far.  It has an interesting art style and simple gameplay.  Very easy to pick up the control scheme, but the strategy elements are deceptively complex.  The terraforming is well done.  Overall it gives me the same kind of enjoyment that games like Populous did."
,Recommended,222730,29213877,Posted: 12 January,all,[ATK] Bam 肉,"Holy crap, I went in looking for a messin-around god game, and what I got was a gripping, tightly-paced, challenging, action-packed game which, in classic game fashion, gets increasingly harder and rewards me for accomplishments which feel like real accomplishments. This is one of the freshest games around."
,Recommended,222730,30090669,Posted: 21 February,all,Vandor11,"An interesting little game that takes the cultivating the human race genre/ god sim, and replaces god with 4 giants that walk reeeeeeeeeeeeeealy slow, thats the only thing that ruined the game for me, but if you have patients, and a good concience to destroy the cites when one person gets greedy, Id suggest this."
,Recommended,222730,10939637,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ryan,Awesome Easy Strategy Game if you feel like playing God.
76561198025929459,Recommended,222730,30870574,Posted: 1 April,all,Leobreaker66,"This is a great game, I recommend you get it. If you like god games you will enjoy this game if you don't like god games you will enjoy this game. If you like fps games you need to do something with your life and stop playing awful games. This game is great and at the same time great and as well as that great, also it's great, becuase it's great, its great. And did I mention that this game is great? Incase you guys didn't know, this game is great. This game is great because I said it is great which means it's great and if i say somethings great It means it's great. I think I forgot to mention but I think this game is great."
76561198016861001,Recommended,222730,3065495,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Faceplant,Fun little game) Whatch and guide humanity as it advances
,Recommended,222730,29313929,Posted: 17 January,all,SuperKakarotto,It is a very strategic funny game.
76561198117966905,Recommended,222730,33709768,Posted: 21 July,all,Hyan Norse,"Great game highly reccomend, ill happen to got a extra copy of the game so if anyone wants it ill trade it for a 5$ Csgo Skin"
76561198063121518,Recommended,222730,33717859,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"Play it, build up humanity, watch them get greedy, smash them, bring them up again, go to sleep, start over. I spend a lot of time feeling like the god characters are kind of a weird way to do the powers just because waiting for them to get where they're going can be a pain, but having to keep them from harm as added complexity is worth the minor headache of keeping track of them. Lots of fun, never know what a new game will bring."
,Recommended,222730,34057516,Posted: 6 August,all,Sgt. Hugo Stiglitz,"Creative game, but I felt it was a bit repetitive once you learn the patterns and play a few times over. Worth experiencing it for a different type of game. Grab it if it's on sale at least. Would like to see more added to it so I felt I could continue to play it longer. Maybe I missed something from not playing long enough, in which case I'd suggest adding some more earlier to help keep people around more. Might go back and play it again sometime."
,Recommended,222730,34318412,Posted: 17 August,all,That Bearded Guy,"I am going to give this a tentative recommendation. This is not a great game. It's not even a good game. It's a game that caters to a particular niche of god-game lovers: those being the people who like to set up a world for people to live in and only affect it enough to watch them grow. For the people that like such a game, this one, while simplistic, will fulfill that craving. For those of us who prefer a more hands-on approach, this game will quickly become mind-numbingly boring.First, the game involves the player controling four primordial gods. They are Mountain, Sea, Forest, and Swamp. But just like the dollar store Avatar knockoffs they're named after, they really don't do much. You set up the world how you want it, wait for people to spawn, then use the gods to help them grow by planting flowers, animals, and minerals around their town. Most of the time, I had them looming over the villages without doing anything. The use of ambassadors from the different types of settlements as ways to buff each god is interesting but really just adds false complexity. The powers you get morph already existing plants and animals into different plants and animals, which can further improve the resources of the towns. All good. Except that the novelty of that wears off after forest ambassador number five is spawned and you have nowhere to put him.And that's the entire game. Lay the groundwork for the settlements to improve by creating plants and animals, watch the town grow and complete projects, so you can get ambassadors, so you can plant more plants and magic more animals, so they can complete projects, so... well, you can see where this is going. I did enjoy myself for a few hours, and I managed to snag it during a sale, so I can at least say I got enough fun out of it to be worth the money. Though I believe the eight hour play time speaks for itself.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/Please also check out Completing the Backlog's Curator page [http://steamcommunity.com/groups/completingthebacklog#curation]here[/url] - follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198051701530,Recommended,222730,34328604,Posted: 18 August,all,marsdorian,"Relaxing simulation about elemental gods building civilization and environments on a mini-planet.The gameplay is unique. You only control the 4 gods which can carve out deserts, mountains, and oceans. You plant herbs, fruits, minerals, and cattle to attract villagers.  The goal is to nurture a prosperous village, which is achieved through the strategetic planting of natural resources. It's simple at first but gets complex.Should I plan the cattle next to the planets or minerals? Do I want to create more standard minerals or advanced? The game mechanics remind me more of a puzzle than a simulation, as strategic placement of cattle/herbs/fruits/minerals is the KEY to success.If you want a relaxing and unique simulation gameplay and don't care about the story (which doesn't exist), you should check it out. It's a smart indie game and can be played in chunks."
76561197972181178,Recommended,222730,35218037,Posted: 26 September,all,Wichura,best small Strategic/Tactic game I ever played.
76561198006545785,Not Recommended,222730,35187680,Posted: 24 September,all,Rococho Ranger,"I like the idea, and I really wish I liked this game more, I really do.But as a god game (as it's going for) I find it rather dull.  Giant movement around is slow, the circular map is original but cumbersome and unless you have a damn good memory it's a pain to remember what combinations of abilities yield what bonuses.  If you choose the wrong ambassidor perk then you might as well restart because you'll not be able to give a settlement the right resources to finish more than the basic projects.Alas this is one that will be religated to the not installed portion of my steam list."
76561198293438904,Recommended,222730,34986417,Posted: 15 September,all,adriroque15,I don't want to be the bad commentary person but during my gameplay time I was lagging when a village appeared! I hope a Dev can help me with this problem cause it is causing massive regret for buying this game.
