user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197972287389,Recommended,222750,7742980,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Commissar Fuklaw,"Yes. Buy this is you like proper strategy games. Multiplayer centric, don't play this for the SP experience. Worth every penny, more if you have friends to play with.Do not treat this like Star Craft or C&C - it is more like SupCom, minus base building and ""super unit rush"" - you need to think about what you are doing.Graphics work on nearly any machine conceivable and cross platform.10/10For those going ""How can it run on nearly any machine?"" please check this screenshot of minimum settings.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=231506644"
76561198117002154,Recommended,222750,16532399,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,DrWoolyNips,"I want to give all you good people of Steam a candid review of this game, since most of the top reviews, which while funny and informative IF you've already played the game, don't really give you a good idea of what you're getting yourself into. Doesn't that circumvent the whole point of a review, which is to inform people who haven't bought the game? If you are considering buying this game, please read this review in its entirety.This game is hard. Its brutally unforgiving. The tutorial is, like those found in many difficult games, worthless. The learning curve is a vertical wall that you must scale, and, for the most part, the only assistance the community is going to provide you is brutal death, game after game. Its a logistical nightmare to keep all of your units refuled, repaired, and rearmed, especially on the front lines where supply vehicles are particularly vulnerable. Forgot a couple key units when reinforcing an objective? Too bad, the enemy reconed your weakness, and you just got steamrolled. Now your teammate is having to divert assests to his flank because your lackluster defense left it exposed. Your teammate is mad because he is now working twice as hard with half the points. You're mad because, despite your best efforts, you got annihilated. Your team loses the game.Such is life for most of your matches when you start playing. You will want to stop playing. You will have played 14 matches, and your opponent will have played 1283 (and presumably will be having way more fun than you are at that point). Things will happen more quickly than you can react. You are going to lose a lot.But please, I urge you, do not stop. Because, at some point, you will have breakthough. You will begin understand why you were getting wrecked. You will begin to understand how to fix it. You will begin to grasp how to function on the battlefield. Then and there, you will be hooked. Granted, the time it takes to this point may vary for you, dependent on your aptitude for games of this nature. But it will come. And at that point, you will be able to enjoy the depth and complexity of the game, as opposed to just being confused and frustrated by it.Since the amount of units and consequently wide variety of tactics are available, you will find yourself for hours thinking, ""Hmm, what if I did this instead..."" and then going to battle to see if it works. Its a nearly infinite loop of trial and error, and in this game, achieving success is so immensely gratifying that, even after decimating an opponent, you will still want to go back to the drawing board to see if you can improve your tactics even further.-The graphics are wonderful, and even aren't terrible on a laptop.-The unit selection is more deep and broad than you should ever need it to be, but its there for you anyway.-The bang for your buck for this game (especially if it is on sale) is unparalleled.-The game is superbly realistic, and all the unit models are built to near photo accuracy.In conclusion, I want to recommend this game to everyone, but I just can't. It takes a lot of time and a lot of patience to get proficient. Personally, I love the game. I love games that make you think and that don't give you any help along the way. Its a game that says, ""Here's the problem: solve it or you die"" and, while you may have 50 solutions to choose from, you're going to have to figure them all out yourself. If that sounds appealing to you, then please, whether its on sale or not, buy the game. You will not be disappointed."
76561198007537740,Recommended,222750,8203824,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MaW_BLITZ,Contact a doctor if this game has not given you an erection after 30 minutes of gameplay
,Recommended,222750,5148341,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Speed Demon,"If you like modern day war games, commanding your own army and lots of fire power  this is the game you are looking for. Its got to be the best Strategy war fighting game out there to date its an amazing game."
,Recommended,222750,19153085,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Sudsy,"Sadly, I have to start off by saying my time in the military playing with the toys that this game has for units has somewhat colored my experience with this game...  There are quirks about this as a military veteran and wargamer that drive me up the wall (AV-8 Harriers losing eyes on the target they are inbound for when a friendly ground unit is destroyed for example, never mind that the Harrier is inbound and should be 'eyes on' the target already before attacking).  However, EVERY WARGAME I PLAY HAS THESE PROBLEMS.  That is the nature of the wargame, to include the ones we played in the military to prepare for actual wars.This game is darn close to what you can expect from a tactical simulation in the 'real world' training environment.  If you get too focused in one area of the battlefield, you will get flanked and bombed from another.  This chaos in a consumer RTS is priceless and should be embraced.  I don't know how many times I've won a scenario and gone 'huh?!' in much the way I'd respond to ENDEX (end of excercise) in the miltary.  Frankly, this is a credit to the developers.  Scenarios can be frustrating hard compared to other RTS wargames out there because of this.  Once you get into the flow of how things work in this game, you'll find yourself enjoying it and likely getting better and some of the other lesser RTS games out there.While there are times I wish the units acted more like real units with the cabilities of their real counterparts, the above described chaos makes this well worth it.Developers:Do some more homework on how Close Air Support aircraft work.  Just because a friendly ground unit is destroyed doesn't mean that the aircraft magically can't see its target anymore.  Quite the contrary, when an aircraft is inbound onto a target, that unit should stay visible to it, even if others get lost in the blur (fog of war for fixed wing aircraft especially faster movers like the F-16 and MiG-27).  A-10 and SU-25 pilots are less likely to lose their targets, and in fact should be able to spot targets better than others, this is the nature of the attack pilot.  I'm hoping some of these issues are because of lack of processing power and AI limits....Morale seems a bit too finicky.  I've seen units in plenty of firefights continue on better than units in this game.  It never ceases to amaze me how in RTS games with morale, units break so easy (or conversely, not at all in others).Going back to the aircraft, loiter time for some of these aircraft is agonizingly so small, it negates much of the realism I see in other parts of the game.  Even short duration fast movers hang out much longer than the short 30 seconds you get with some of the games airframes.Perhaps a future scenario set can include units that are limited to the TO&E of actual units.  You get a battalion of this, and that is it for the scenario.  Support is what your brigade/division/corps allocates.  Command points aren't bad though, the cost of units is pretty reasonable to keep the forces limited and close to actual NATO/WARPAC levels in the region.I will likely play this a lot over the next few years.  Good job, and I highly recommend this to any serious wargamer or anyone burned out with base building RTS games that get too much of a grind to them."
76561197972393733,Not Recommended,222750,10476975,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,randallj,"One thing the developer did ruins this game for me...there is a 20 minute time limit to battles in single player campaign mode.  This was not there in European Escalation so that game is better for single player as you can take your time and play your way and not be rushed by a timer.Since we are paying money for this, the developers should make the time limit something players can control."
76561197984490800,Recommended,222750,8337413,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[RPPK]Raptor,"ABSOLUTE MASTERPIECEThis is a fantastic strategy game with many layers of tactical challenge. You can dominate and destroy your opponets via aircraft, helicopter, or heavy armor! Additionally, the ability to sneak behind enemy lines to disrupt the chain of command and/or supply with special forces such as S.A.S. or Delta Force can prove to be the best option. Though, this game can be difficult to learn and to become farmiliar with the800+units and vehicles. If you would like to learn more before or after purchase visit my YouTube page for more information!Multiplayer Footage:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aG5L5JDQvuY&list=PLIsqJzeZeGYEIUq_9_nfM2XpHKIDcggm4&index=1Tutorials:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX4MXu7womo&list=PLIsqJzeZeGYF_M023A_RC82AKkxkkaoXM&index=1Co-Op Campaign:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLIsqJzeZeGYHLUXOuPXLXX3holyukOQr6"
76561198093669682,Recommended,222750,13403915,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,HappyTechpriest,"Alright, let's get on with the fact that this game is AWESOME!!! This game is almost an exact replica of RUSE, except for a few mechanics that are overall different with the game. Wargame: Airland Battle is a sequel to the huge-hit of a strategy game called Wargame: European Escalation, which sets you on a collision course with the Warsaw Pact, an alliance of communist nations including Russia. You can play as either the PACT or NATO in an epic campaign to blow up your enemies before they destroy you. It has more units, WAY better graphics, and the new addition of jets. Anyway, let's get to the pros and the cons.Pros:- It is easy to run this game on any computer. You can even run this on a laptop with decent graphics.- There is a HUGE unit variety. Each unit in every faction serves a purpose, and sometimes you will actually lose a battle because you don't have a specific unit.- There are 12 countries, all spread out through 2 factions.- There is a decent amount of gamemodes at your disposal.- The graphics are BEAUTIFUL if you have a computer able to handle ultra-high graphics.- There is no damage bar or health bar for your units. Instead, there is morale, which can be crushed by artillery and prolonged suppressive fire. And if your units are armored, like the M1A1 Abrams, it will be a tough time to even penetrate it's armor.- The strategy and tactics in this game are absolutely CRUCIAL to even get far into this game. You need to maintain a stable economy of supplies while at the same time sending more units out to kick some more♥♥♥♥♥- The sounds in this game are pretty good. The explosions sound like explosions, and the whistling of artillery shells and tank cannon shells wizzing by is extremely satisfying.- There is an enormous amount of effort for the units, as they look really good.- There is a suppressing mechanic, which if you fire artillery or something else at an enemy unit, they will be supressed, meaning they won't be able to move for a short time.- The best mechanic is probably the fact that once you lose a unit, you can't get it back for the rest of the game, so tactics to minimize your losses and maximize your kills is crucial for survival.- There is an actual fog of war mechanic, as every unit has a sight range. You will NEED scouts and recon units to scope out enemy units and to know what is happening most of the time.Cons: (no game is without its defects)- This game is brutal to new players, as even the AI can catch you off guard if you aren't paying attention.- The Hud is a huge cluster♥♥♥♥ in large battles, you will be spending precious time trying to find your tank group in the middle of an apparently huge staging area for your allies while your forces get destroyed one by one.- The fact that there is no way to get back your units after they are destroyed.- The 'maintaining an economy' factor is more often than not overwhelming for noobs.- The fact that a group of weaker tanks are almost no match for a stronger tank. Armor is a factor, but eventually the armor has to give, right?Overall, this is a complex but very fun strategy game. it's like RUSE, but with better graphics and a WAY bigger unit variety. Not to mention the fact that each country has it's own strengths and weaknesses. For instance, America seems to be the most balanced between maneuverability and firepower while being expensive, whereas the Russians are cheap, but pack a big punch. This game is the perfect game if you are a fan of RUSE or any other strategy game like this one.I will rate this a 9/10. Only missing 10 because of the HUD and some other factors that are in question."
,Recommended,222750,12784785,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Errons1,"Before reeding, please accepte that i have bad Englsih :)90 hourse online and 300 offline game time.Short: This game are taking the RTS in a new lvl and twist. Cause the game have made it massive and ""smal"" in the same time. I feel the developer have made it realistic and smoth. And I feel like i have the countroll over whats happening while playing.Long: I go after 6 thing i going to rank. GIGS-COGameplay:I find it realy great. It is many thing that bring it easy to play, but in same time funny to countrol. One eks: can give many comands; move fast, move, attack, spread, regroup, split. This is very importan when it comes to winning or losing. (You can say witch direction thay gonne stay at if you are holding in left mouse butten).The zoom out and in fuction are working so well, and so smoth. Thats make it easy to play and fun. The redring is being well done. When both of this is working very well, It vil make the game play both funny and ""easy"".Unit countrol is Good and Realistic. It is easy to control them when you have many ordes to control them with. And it realistic cause of many resons, eks. tank. fuel, accrresy, experience, ammo, speed on road and off road, optic, range, camuflage.All this are making the game realistic.Tha combat system are very good. It is like in real life. Sitting in a tank. Does you see the enemy. shoot them or hold.Units does have moral and experience. That make them better or worse.This Game does also have a very good AI. I have played likly 50 RTS. And many of them is very sad story. Couse of a bad AI, but a good game is ruind.Score 6/6Interface:When you have played it a few hours. It will feel much better than the first hour. From my opinon, it was hard to know how thing work and wich unti and unittype tag was hard to learn. But after a few hours game time, It was much more easy to ""use"".The tutorial is easy to step 3. Inantry. From here a person must use his brain in a very diffrent way. It took my 12 hours of skrimish and online to complete the last one.The interface is a little hard to ""accept"" new players. Witch making it hard and boring the first hours. But when you have gone in to the system and gain some experience. Fun as *****. (sory for bad use of words :(   ).Score 4/6Grafic:The job is done well. Looking good on best grafic. The zoom in and out sn redring while playing is making the experience soo good. The terreng is flat. (mostly for making the gameplay better and more fun). If you zoom close in. The detail is HUGE! Everything from a soldier to a tank to houses, bringdes, houses, trees, grass and so on.Score 6/6System Requirements:Find it a little high. Can be boring to have a bad Pc and playing and lagging so on... But for what of details and redring. I find it well optimased.Score 5/6Campaign:Find it funny, and both easy and hard. It is alot of fun while playing. Both part is fun playing and alot of experience that helps to play online. I have read and fund out that people are complaining since it is a tima limmits on 20 min. I find it fine. Couse playing one match against the AI in 90min. Than I have likly 20 match agan... It is a good move from my opinon.4.5/6Online:Was funny to play, before the release of Red Dragon.But I fund the multiplayer funny and ""hard"". It is a little problem here and there. (mostly caused by players). But online is like offline = FUNNY! And the community, never try to join. Never going to either.4/6Total: 5/6 or 6/6PS. Funny and challenging game!"
,Recommended,222750,10752066,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Even if the the family look is there, Wargame: AirLand Battle isn't just Wargame: European Escalation with planes. The games are easier to handle and the campaign changes its format. All this without damaging the strategic content that made the studio's lust. The wannabe soldier will be happy to find hundreds of available units, and it will be time consuming before you can master everything during online games. The players really fond of change might regret the seriousness of the graphics and interface.Hard to learn and tough to play well, this game will attract only the hardest-core RTS player, the kind who cares about realistic combat and deep strategy. This is a game that will repay effort with success, but many will find it too much effort for not enough payoff.Wargame: AirLand Battle is a great game for those that enjoy realism in the planning and execution of skirmishes and battles. It will certainly present a challenge to those used to diving straight in and getting to grips with the nuances of the games with little effort. This is definitely a game that requires your full attention from the get-go and will provide lasting fun through the campaigns and into the multiplayer component.The RTS genre will be alive and kicking until the day they stop making games like this one."
76561198006106262,Not Recommended,222750,22966690,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,BlackenedPies,"I played 162 hours and really liked the game but I can't recommend it. The graphics and gameplay are excellent but it's hurt by the lousy single player and unfriendly multiplayer. The AI cheats and is either too easy or unfair. Do not buy for the singleplayer. I put a good chunk of time into multiplayer but it wasn't a very pleasant experience. Matches rarely felt balanced and there's no good ranking system. A lot of stomps and rage quitsI haven't played in a while, but I can't recommend the game because of the singleplayer. If you find it on deep sale and have friends, you can have a great time. It's too bad the AI is awful"
,Recommended,222750,2319968,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Rum,"Wargame AirLand Battle is an interesting one, it differs a lot from Wargame European Escalation and is based more on huge battles with limited units. In EE you could have a huge fight and topple your enemy from it, in ALB you have many small skirmishs to wittle your opponent down until you win or can push for their sectors.The latter offers far better gameplay and fun, plus less of a learning curve as it is much more forgiving."
76561198037910607,Recommended,222750,12927027,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Lewis,When troops run out of ammo they charge with knifes.When knifes break they fight with bare hands.When arms are broken you are allowed to leave the field.When tank runs out of ammo you charge the enemy and ram them.When tank treads break you pursue on foot.Only when the tank is on fire may the tankers leave the field.When plane run out of ammo it rams.When plane is severly damaged it preforms Hirro-Kari and commits a kamikaze.Only when wings are gone is when the pilot may leave his plane.This is the code of honor for all PACT troops.
76561198051696305,Recommended,222750,11941212,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,TheFysician,"Wargame: Airland Battle is easily the most detail-oriented, intricate RTS game I've played to date. The game excels in textures, dynamic effects,unit diversity, and multiplayer options. Where it struggles in, however, is the learning curve. While the game, once mastered becomes an absolute blast to play, it IS ruthless and unforgiving to new players. And expect to be a new player for a while.But if you can oversee the learning curve, there is nothing else that hampers this game. It is smart enough to automatically assign the ideal graphic settings for your computer, intense enough to offer 10 vs. 10 player skirmishes on a variety of enormous maps, and open enough to make almost every action on the battlefield your call.In short, this game is a must-have for any RTS fans, hands down. If you aren't one, though, I strongly urge you to consider the learning curve, as it the steepest in any game I've ever played."
,Not Recommended,222750,32618878,Posted: 21 June,all,Cook,"I bought this game only for a single player since I liked it in the European Escalation. However, in this game, it's simply terrible.Time limitation.The reason why I liked European Escalation was that there were unique missions that were not limited in time (almost all of them). But here every battle is just a skirmish for 20 minutes (so there is no point in stealth) and the one who scores more points by the end of the timer will win. No more missions for several hours with different objectives, which I liked in the first part.Besides. The main task, too, must be performed for a certain number of turns. Yea, turns. It's a turn-based strategy now, like some Total War game, only without building and unit production.This is my main problem, because of which I'll probably never start this game again. I don't want to play in rush duel simulator.Story.Ther is none. No more videos before the mission or after, just a boring text which explains the beginning of the conflict at the start of each campaign and random pop-ups between turns.AI.Well... I don't think that AI is cheating like in European Escalation, however, it definitely very punishing because it always remembers ideally where your units are, it can simultaneously control all of its units, its reaction speed is always incredibly fast, and to compensate the lack of tactical thinking, it simply spams you with a bunch of units.There is no point in ambushes also because the AI scans the whole map with reconnaissance units all the time and sends either long-range units or an artillery strike or something against which at the moment you will not be able to respond.In missions, AI will almost always have a tactical advantage (will have more deployment points). For example, when one of my territories was surrounded by enemy territories on the global map, during the battle, I could not call for reinforcements. But when the same situation was with the AI, for some reason it started on the edge of the map and could call for reinforcements.I think the devs did it because they can not create an AI with which it would be interesting to play. So, they did not limit its abilities to artificially increase the difficulty, however, AI is still dull and when you know what to expect from it, it becomes not interesting to play.Maps.They are few and they are repeated, which quickly becomes boring.On account of the multiplayer game I have nothing to say, I'm not interested in it."
,Recommended,222750,8640255,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,nAssailant,Used an F-117 Nighthawk to drop a GBU-10 Paveway II on a Polish Infantryman. 10/10 Recommended.
76561198038395729,Recommended,222750,14444785,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Commissar Bang Switch,Like killing Commies?Like being a Commie?Like Freedom?Like RTS?Like large scale warfare?Like Canada?Get this game.
,Recommended,222750,15031138,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,~~~~~Spoon,"Learned how to say ""Please help me, I'm on fire and I blame you, commander"" in several European languages.11/10 would accidentally napalm my own troops again."
,Recommended,222750,10059278,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Jaded Burger,"The most complicated game of rock, paper, scissors you will ever play and one of the prettiest too. Runs on any machine, and completely unique in the world of RTS games.  Steer clear of the mess that is Red Dragon and start with the best game in the series."
76561197980972594,Not Recommended,222750,9221042,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Pathfinder,"I cannot reccomend this gameI want too.  But i just can't.  See to me, they totally threw away single player to the wayside and I just can't abide by that..every company now a days seems to want to have some sort of social features to games..the stupid chatrooms always open at the pause menu i hate it.the graphics to me are a step back from the first european escalation..campaign is horrible really not explaining to you what to do and how to do it.  I just can't get past the first one and I have a bunch of time logged in on the first european escalation.  hell i preorderd this one..but never again..If this would have gone more single player and you could save it during the battles and come back to it i'd do it, but once again the companies take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on the single player."
,Recommended,222750,4617016,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Overcooked Pineapple,"AirLand Battles is pretty much using the same formula as the original but adds a lot more to the gameplay;  jets, decks and a lot of factions/units. Great follow up to European Escalation but it's lacking scenarios like the previous had but overall pretty solid game and excellent multiplayer."
76561197996349463,Recommended,222750,23111044,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,andrewUK1,"This is the finest wargame I have ever played, bar none. It is a classic and yet to be surpassed. If you are interested in wargaming, military history or current affairs then this is a great game to add flesh to the bones of your knowledge about military equipments around the World. This is primarily a tactical level game, fought at company to batallion level. It includes a rich choice of aviation [both plane and helicopter], tanks, mechanised units, infantry, artillery, air defence systems and miscellaneous units such as recon.If you are thinking of getting this game, realise that it includes over a thousand well-modelled units of actually existing military equipments and that you will come to understand the military world around you in a new way by using them and controlling them in very dynamic battles. It is a thinking man's game, and it rewards you in many ways for the time and interest you devote to it. If you have any interest in the military at all, get this game you will not regret it."
76561198080853997,Not Recommended,222750,8115998,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,paul,"I bought this game for single-player, and that was a mistake. Even the management of saved games in single-player is terribly implemented, and leaves you feeling like you wasted an entire evening, when you discover that the game only overwrites your save, without giving you any save history to go back to. Single player should really be RTWP, because the AI has the tremendous advantage of being able to simultaneously command all units, to the extent that I have seen it command 10 gunships to move around the invisible engagement circle of my AA units as I moved them forward. Ridiculous. The AI also cheats terribly, such as being able to take control of sectors within three seconds of start, and deploying with more points than it actually has.I regret this purchase. It might be great for multi-player, but they shouldn't promote the single-player aspect at all."
,Recommended,222750,17044328,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,jagdtiger,This is why we trained so hard on the ranges of Grafenwoehr. Screw reforger they were to damn late!! Battalion to brigade sized three dimesional RTS combined arms warfare (minus NBC) at its best! Very fast paced. Simnet at Ft Knox would be proud to add this into their senarios. Late 80's to early 90's Nato vs Warsaw pact. All the major players are here and they've brought all the goodies to rain destruction down on each other. Dont look away or you'll lose half of your force in a blink of an eye.
,Recommended,222750,32331510,Posted: 10 June,all,[SG] Raffles251,"After having played this game for many years and a good 250 hours. I daresay it is one of the best wargaming simulators to date. The immersion is intense with real nations and actual Units and armaments that existed during the timeframe. This is more than a game, it could be used to teach junior officers the basics of map exercises (MAPEX) and the importance of terrain and logistics in any given operation. Well done!"
76561198027589511,Recommended,222750,30936158,Posted: 3 April,all,Your Neighborhood Commissar,"Oh, where to start with this game?This truly is an RTS with few comparable equals.  Forget everything you learned from RTS games like base building strategies, APMs, and abilities.  In Wargame, your army composition is determined long before the game starts and all units are equipped as theywould have been historically.  There are no upgrades or bases.  It's also a must-have for anyone interested in the Cold War era.  Wargame:  Airland Battle beautifully recreates the fast-paced and incredibly deadly environment of the world war that never happened, but with fewer nukes.That being said, expect your troops to die.  A lot.  Even though each tank and squad is individually named, don't get attached to them.  Sergeant Voldauer will take a missile through his tank and die.  Sergeant Adams will burn to death in a napalm strike.  And Captain Bond's plane will become a firey comet after that SAM strikes him.  At a scale of this size, individual units are, with few exceptions, very expendable.You'll also find out that the game is not all just ""America, ****yeah!"" and ""Soviet Union, **** yeah!""  Each nation represented has a distinct feel.  French are very mobile but very fragile (by Wargame standards), Eaast Germans overwhelm their enemies with massive concentrations of slightly older technlogy, West Germans are elite and expensize, assuring that they're often outnumbered, Poland can put lots of versatile helicopters on the field, Sweden has amazingly cost effective units, etc.  Additionally, don't expect to win just because you have the most expensive or coolest statline unit, because everything out there can be killed by something the enemy has (even if it's just a deluge of cluster bombs).The game, through its system of historical hard counters (SAMs wil wreck aircraft all day long, infantry is the king of towns, ATGMs stop vehicle rushes cold, etc.), highly encourages combined arms tactics. That may be a buzzword, but forces that are severly lacking in a unit type will suffer heavily.  Your tank heavy force will die to airstrikes unless you have AA and/or interceptors and will die from infantry or ATGM ambush if you don't have recce units scouting the terrain they're traversing, for example.All that being said, the game is incredibly fun to play.  Some of my highlights of playing this game include:-defeating a numerically superior Warsaw Pact invasion of Scandinavia as NATOby tactically retreating and funneling Pact brigades into killzones where I could surround them and smash them into submission with my concentrated forces-burn entire forests to the groundwith napalm strikes-listen to Russian helicopter pilots sing ""Ride of the Valkyries"" at random-goading my enemy into sending his best aircraft into the teeth of my air defence screen and racking up kill points from it-playing a goofy army of nothing but helicopters, airplanes, and infantry in helicopters (imagine Blackhawk Down x50)-playing a goofy army of T-34-85 tank rush (yes, the WWII tank is in this game)-storming a Norwegian beach as the USMC-storming a Swedish beach as Soviet naval infantry-pummeling an East German armyto death with a Swedish artillery park of 16 155mm cannons-forcing a battle to a draw by barely hanging on to my last reinforcement point until the time limit while being overrun by T-72s-chewing up a brigade in constant combat until it had nothing but support weapons and logistical vehicles left-watching the Russians nuke their own rear areas to attempt to stop my breakthrough-knocking out tanks with a cannon designed to blow up obstacles like barricades-HOLDING THE LINE!-etc.Overall, this is a very fun game and a must have for history buffs.  Also, check out Wargame: European Escalation (the original!, has more narrative-driven campaingns but fewer factions), Wargame:  Red Dragon (adds Asia-Pacific factions to the game,as well as boats)and their upcoming joint release with Paradox, Steel Division:  Normandy '44 (WWII, very similar game)."
76561198040012974,Recommended,222750,7870420,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Decarie,"Wargame AirLand Battle (WALB) is the best real time strategy I have played for quite sometime. Set in the 1970's-1980's you play as either either PACT or NATO members. Instead of the typical base building you are give a ""deck"" in this deck you build a battle group of unites from logestics, infantry, tanks, support, helicopters, assorted vechials and planes. With each card you select you are given a certain number of units who have a ingame cost (CP) which leads to a balance between cost and quality vs quantity. The nations that avalible to play are fairly well balanced with skill being needed to play certain decks over others. THe nations on NATO are Canada, France, UK, USA, Norway, Sweden, Denmark and West Germany. While the PACT has the Soviet Union, East Germany, Czechsolvakia and Poland. For the asking price of 40$ this game is well worth your time for its single play and multiplayer components id give this game a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,222750,24902283,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,CaptBuilder,"This game, is honsetly pretty darn good. The strategy is easy to learn, yet still rewarding as you get better and better. The only con at this point in the games life cycle is that the community is dead. I mean, the biggest game i have seen only had seven people in it. And it was the only server. Luckily it has a very good party system that lets me and my friend play together pretty much hastle free. The only issue we have had is that occasionally the game desyncs, but they are few and far between. Overal a solid 8/10. Very enjoyable. I bet the newer one is pretty much the same, just with an active community."
76561198299967897,Recommended,222750,28627634,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kolam lele,"This game force you to learn new playstyle. If other rts favor player with quick movement, this game favor player with good anticipation, preparation and pre-positioning. Half of your battle is won outside the battle. After playing this game, I can never see RTS genre in the same way anymore."
,Recommended,222750,24085879,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,ryansaurusrex,"-Begin NATO campaign-Sneaky Soviets mount conventional-weapons surprise attack on Scandinavia because of course they do-Soviet troops and equipment massed on two fronts-NATO troops in region are plentiful, but somehow woefully unprepared for rapid deployment (WTF Sweden!)-Order every single NATO battlegroup under my command to ""R&R"" for 3 straight turns-NATO SPECOPs slashes the tires of approaching Warsaw Pact forces, delaying their attack for several days-NATO naval/air forces prevent enemy reinforcements by sea/air for several days-NATO air recon locates and identifies enemy forces-NATO fighters keep enemy bombers far away from squishy ground troops-NATO air strikes render enemy-controlled airports and docks temporarily unusable-NATO naval bombardments leave enemy forces in shock and disarray-NATO ground response forces are now fully spun-up after several days of dedicated preparation-NATO Ground forces sweep north and south across the peninsula, visiting total devastation on shell-shocked WP forces-Somehow the USSR forgets they have nuclear weapons, apparently-10/10 would cripple the entire Eastern Bloc's military machine over 8 days in ScandinaviaSeriously, this game is unbelievably good. Recon is done better in this game than in any other game I have ever played. Air support, close and otherwise, is done better in this game than in any other game I have ever played. Tactical-level logistics are done better than in any other game I have ever played: e.g. every weapons syste has an exact amount of ammunition, which is matched exactly to the real-world loadout of that piece of equipment. Your tanks will absolutely run out of shells and require resupply at some point. Your jeep-mounted recon team will get stuck in the mud. Your fully-loaded attack helicopter  *WILL* suffer an internal ammo explosion from infantry rifle fire. Your heavy armor will get shanked at close range by 6 infantry because enemy mortar fire has kicked up so much dirt that your tank can't see the infantry anymore and yeah of course they have a ♥♥♥♥ing LAW. This is not an exaggeration, btw. Artillery fire and bombs kick up dirt and smoke that are fully visible to the player and obscure LOS to exactly the degree you would expect. I cannot recommend this game highly enough."
76561198011965365,Recommended,222750,14664831,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,"Great RTS with modern military units and equipment. Game is similar to ruse but a lot different. This isnt just your average rts game where you buy units and go head on head with enemies, Doing this with make you lose. It takes a lot of ambushing the enemies and approching them from the front and side. You can have units from foot, ground, and air. The maps are really big. Dont forget your troops can run out of fuel, break engine parts, and run out of ammo. I highly recommend the series of wargame!"
76561198146300695,Recommended,222750,16108280,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,manos2308 | pvpro.com,The best WW3 simulator.
,Recommended,222750,8022607,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,jluv_tx,"`Great game, just great, simulates the WW3 that was greatly possible, the cold war, it has all the units and weapons each nation has, every country involved in the cold war, and some great maps. a favorite of mine, a good RTS game"
76561198019161069,Not Recommended,222750,23509290,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,dude,"***Edit: According to experts, the game is in fact pausible. I am a fool and a monster. Please down-vote my heretical review. It is offensive propaganda.***Short version: Great for people who love wargames that can (and want to) keep up with the blinding speed. Not so great for everyone else.***I’ve tried so hard to like this game. I really like the idea of the game, but after three separate goes of it, I give up. Despite the old-school vibe of awesome military minutia and an interesting and believable historical setting, the gameplay is closer to Starcraft than it is to Close Combat.The game looks and feels like it should have deep tactical gameplay, and frankly it probably does if you can keep up with the constant micromanagement demands of moving, supplying, mounting/dismounting troops, calling in airstrikes and watching every corner of your line while also purchasing and placing reinforcements for your losses. Before I played, I assume this was a slower and higher-echelon game in the Company of Heroes mold. Nope. Higher echelon yes, but the speed makes Company of Heroes look like Steel Panthers.Don’t get me wrong, I don’t think this is a bad game. For a small subset of gamers who love military minutia and breakneck RTS pace, I’m sure it’s heaven. Everyone else is either going to be overwhelmed by the detail or the speed. For me, it’s the latter. I love all the detail. I just wish everything didn’t move so fast that I couldn’t possibly keep up with it.If the game had a “pause for orders” option, or maybe even a speed setting, I suspect I’d really enjoy it. As it stands, the game is simply overwhelming, and I think I’ve just uninstalled it for good.If you love nitty-gritty, realistic military sims and have an ample supply of amphetamines to keep up with all the clicking, this game is absolutely worth your time. If not, I’d pass."
,Not Recommended,222750,10538471,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,С Г エ χ,"Airland battle is an RTS with a tutorial that doesn't really teach you anything.  So it's up to you to figure out how to use your massive list of 50's-80s military equipment to either spread communism or contain it.  However, I feel that the game isn't sure if it wants to be a ""wargame"" or a simulation. It doesn't give cool special abilities to differnet units or try and add interesting mechanics, but on the other hand as a simulation it's severely lacking in depth and oversimplification.I personally didn't care for it, maybe it's because I didn't understand it? Either way, there aren't any other games is the same modern rts genre, I'd probably just get the newest game in the series despite the laughable ships."
,Recommended,222750,17177988,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Bryan Shekelstein,"A Wargame AirLand Battle Attack Helicopter Pilot's Logic:""Oh, a small unit with barely any strategic value! Let me fire my $500,000+ missile at it!""""Oh, a main battle tank? Let me fire my light autocannon at it!""10/10, would ping off armor again."
76561198149133659,Recommended,222750,25475096,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,epicbubble,"How to play Wargame Airland battle>buy game>play tutorial>go into multiplayer and play as the USA>Spam M1A1 Abrahams tanks>Lose in minutes>Write a negative review on steam saying the game is brokenIf you buy this, prepare to spend a lot of time in the community hub, it takes a great deal of learning to master all 850~ units."
76561197983198672,Not Recommended,222750,10681314,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Stauntonbishop,"Wasted my money on this game. Computer has unlimited resources. Cheating is cheating whether it is a human or the computer. Game is also cheap in the way the units act especially the air units. No real war strategy here, just another video game. To the programmers I would say this, have you ever heard of entertainment? We want to have fun with the games we buy. This game just leaves you angry. The programmers can make the game easy or hard by letting the user set the difficulty thats comfortable for them. The bottom line is I'm not having fun with this game and I like strategy games. I've played computer and console games most of my life and I couldn't even get though the tutorial. Thats too hard!"
,Recommended,222750,1103834,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Silber 💕,"With over 800 units and a good mix of both strategy and tactics, Wargame: Airland Battle will satisfy anyone from the RTS junkies to the to those who love Cold War vehicles and weapons with a satisfying sandbox experience."
,Recommended,222750,11276134,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Opt_0™,"Warfare plain and simple.For the more serious RTS player.No base building.Limited Ammo, Supplies, and Units.Attrition is as much a part of the game as Attack and Defence.RECON will be more important than almost all modern warfare RTS's.Wonderful detail and views when you zoom in.None of the strange time/distance dilation that you get when you play RUSE (from console),where the units appear to travel too fast and be of unusual scale compared to landscape when close up.Watch from above or zoom right down to ground level, it's all scaled well!Zooming in on the field is easy is quick and easy in free-cam or a nice solid chase-cam; swing the cam around from one you're locked in on and simply zoom to another vehicle or point with a quick mouse wheel roll.TONS of units, many nations, all available to put in your deck from the get go,none of the ""unit unlocking"" required from the earlier Wargame version.Great Multiplayer. Co-ordination is key. Enough units and map space to play a specific roll for your team if you wish.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=287115223One of the few RTS's I've played where Air units behave like Air units.Limtied time in the air, they cover large areas when flying in a holding pattern, and need to be used wisely. Breaking off and getting them out of combat is just as important as getting them in. You will not be swarming the air with great numbers, in fact you'll be using them in tight pairsto double up aroll or to work in multiroll tandem. You'll find yourself cheering when a small group of fighters makes a great little sortie over enemy space just barely making it out alive as your cluster bombs and napalm lay waste to an enemy position. And tense when you watch an air-to-air battle take place over the front line and it gets down to the wire.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkOnU671RMc&list=PLWzVnh9-QBKTMDLnxI8hjGmwUbGmwLLGWThere is a good chance at first you will lose a lot at first. It can be very tough while learning the details.RECON is key. Keep your eyes hidden everywhere on the field, and destroy thier RECON as much as possible.Blind your enemy and you have them.This is not a game of just ""swarming"" with units. You'll need to use the terrain, overlap your defence and attack units. And figure out where to hide all the recon you'll need. This RTS feels far more like a good warfare sim, instead of just another generic RTS. Definately for the serious RTS'er who's looking for a good modern warfare based game. PLus you'll be nicely rewarded with some great imagery!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=288848407Allthe visually cinematic moments you could want when you put a plan into action. And with the SAVE REPLAY option you can go back and watch the enitre battle with a free cam and no HUD for the most clear spectating of your strategy and tactics at work.If you know that some losses are part of winning then this will be for you. If you like to zoom in and watch the action, this is for you. If you like to see action in RTS's not just ""representations"" of it, this is for you.[*NOTE: These animated gif's are from my gameplay REPLAYS, hence the lack of HUD. Sadly, being able to temporarily remove the HUD during actual gameplay is missing.]"
76561198256576541,Recommended,222750,19026303,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,TotalitariAmerican,"A really good game actually, poo on me if you disagree but I for one enjoy the need for combined arms, recon, cover ect. Line of sight plays a big part in combat as well considering as the US Army says ""If you can see it, you can hit it, and if you can hit it, you can kill it."" But be careful to regard your forces as important and rarely expendeble or you will wish you had'nt used those high mobility infantry with APCs for a diversion. Pros and cons?Pros:Im assuming fairly realistic.Fun as heck to use cluster bombs and napalmMany Countries to play as with they're own specialty unitsIt can be challengingOffline is pretty fun, as my internet sucksSpam attacking is just adorable to my variety of CAS assets.Cons:Lol, it's realisticyou WILL lose units if you are not careful, hell even if you are.Damn cluster bombs are an infantry bane lolFun to watch infantry use anti tank and cause mass confusion among the armored column... just make sure they get in and get out before the bad guys get help lol.My first steam review, if you'd like, you can tell me how I did, or what I could change in my methods of review for future review."
76561198047445669,Recommended,222750,25332481,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kermit,"This game has taught me one thing, Wargame gets so intense it can destory Friendships and take over countries."
76561198128964422,Recommended,222750,25390013,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,The Gray Wolf,"This game is hard, every mistake is deadly. You must learn or be destoryed. It's time to get into your big boys shoes. Not a game for the light hearted."
76561198035897390,Recommended,222750,8132787,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Evanissimo,"Though this game may look intimidating, it really isn't. In fact, its as far from a grognard (read hex based 100 page manual) game as starcraft 2 is. However, that's the only comparison to Starcraft 2 that this game will get. Wheras in starcraft 2 economy is everything and APM is your life, in this game, strategy, positioning and most importantly, countering, are paramount. If you liked World in Conlict, you'll like this game. Also you might like this game if you are a fan of Magic: the Gathering, because of the deck building mechanic. In each game you play, you choose a deck of units to bring into battle, that you have preconstructed. Decks have various constraints that can be put on them to make them more powerful in certain areas, and the possibilites are endless, from Norwegian Armoured Decks, to Soviet Marine Decks, this game has it all.The best part? All the DLC is free. Not just for this game, but for every game in the series.Playing around with the various units, and building, testing, refining then testing your decks again is one of my favorite things in the game to do.The only downside to this game is that the sequel, Red Dragon is set to come out in March 2014. As of this review, that is less than 4 months away. If you are hurting for money, you may want to save it for Red Dragon. It promises to add naval units and East Asian nations like Japan and North Korea.All in all, whatever game happens to be the latest in the Wargame series at the time that you read this is a must buy.10/10"
,Recommended,222750,8010839,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Mr Savage,"This game, espeically in the 10v10s, allows excellent tactical and strategic gameplay and forces you to manage resources and men at a minute level and make sure not to waste men or machines on fruitless assaults. Overall it makes the player think and use innovative strategies to break through at key locations. Be that by overwhelming airpower or sneaky infantry assaults to weaken enemy lines. It also does a good job of portraying many nations involved in NATO and the Warsaw Pact, each with their own advantages and disadvantages. The Deck system also allows the player to specialise to support the team against what the enemy can throw at you."
,Recommended,222750,2438769,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Ultimaratio,Tons of units tons of tactics and a developer who listens to the community and even is spending free dlcs. What not to like? Currently is lacks only on new maps which will be delivered via free DLC. On the first view it will look a bit confusing but you get the sharp learning curve it proviedes hours of fun in MP. For SP i would not recommand it as the AI tends to cheat heavlily.9/10
76561197989169325,Recommended,222750,8238738,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,G-Man,"Fantastic Strategy game that really comes into its own when you play multiplayer.Some of the players are elitist and ex-military, which can be daunting when you first start, this however is due to the transitional period of playing the computer based AI campaign, to a much more aware, skilled and battle hardened multiplayer, especially if you play 1v1, 2v2, 3v3, 4v4, 5v5. I advise playing 10v10 for a while just to get a feel for the ebb and flow of the battle.Be ready to have someone let you know you are not supporting, or if you are doing things wrong during the first few days, this is a given.The ""deck"" creation feature is a gem, this is where you create your armies for battles. You select which one of the decks you created to use before a battle, however the variations are staggering and this will generally dictact the way you approach a battle. If you want a balanced force or a heavily mechanized force, or want to reign air superiority then create the deck for your style and command them to victory! .... but beware, you will find yourself spending hours upon hours creating decks and trying them out to try get the perfect match, I know I have been trying for months because it is so addictive.The only ""con"" I have is that 'some' of the multiplayer community are a little childish/abusive, however that can be said about most MMOGs, on the flip side the majority of ex or current serving military personnel that play the game are a good bunch and are quite entertaining to listen/talk to, especially  when they start telling their military stories :)For me this is my favourite ""non-base building RTS"", and with the free DLC due to be released in the very near future this game is going from strength to strength!"
,Recommended,222750,11672861,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Ebannaw,"Find a friend, or friends to play this game with. Find someone to play the campaign with, it's really fun. Planning, strategy, reaction, and the feel of a hypothetical World War III. It really makes one cringe at the possibility of there ever being a war of this magnitude, scale, and technology. The ultimate culmination of man's niche for war and the machines of war."
,Recommended,222750,7909645,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,XanderT,"One of the best strategy games ever made, incredible graphic, realistic scenarios and unit behavior, perfect reproduction of all vehicles and weapons, the n°1 choise for the strategist"
76561197985928919,Recommended,222750,27825538,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Boulet Power,"Wargame 2 is great, but missing the time acceleration like they did in Wargame 3 (red dragon) and the campaign goals are not the best (have points instead of objective like in wargame 3) but beside that, still a great game to own. Better to wait for steam sale to buy it together with wargame 1 and 3.I never played multipleyer with that one, only with wargame 3 (red dragon), but campaign are descent."
76561197981440562,Recommended,222750,31389818,Posted: 27 April,all,Kurban909,"This game has gotten some raw reviews lately by people whome have put very little time into this game. Others have voiced legitimate points over the games campiagn mode. This mode is very lacking but shows just a glimpse of what a campaign can really be if they move in a different direction (i.e. Total War). The maps are set up pretty good with great detail in vegetation and the size of the air space your planes fly in is amazing. Model detail for the vehicles and air power are great while the infrantry is mediocre whitch leaves alot to be desired. The difference between models of air craft is neglegable with no difference in aero-nautical and external hardware. They swap out the skins and say it is a different vehicle despite the fact they look the same.The game play has a slight learning curve with tactics and unit attributes. A combination of Heavy Armor, light Armor, Infrantry to garrison towns, artillery, air power, and the liberal use of scout units (Heli Scouts are the best) is what makes this game frustrating and great at the same time. Most players should start with WG:EE before buying this title unless they want to learn how to deal with a butt ton of heli's, fighter bombers, and air superiority fighters right off the batt. The previous title didn't place as much of an importance on AA platforms as this title did. Combination of 20-30mm AA, Mid-range AA, and the long range AA will ensure that any enemy bogies that fly into your air defence bubble will get wiped out.The infrantry have been made more potent in towns with the reinforcing of the ideaology that urban warfare for tanks is suicide unless escorted by infrantry. Either Humvee, mechanized, or Heli borne infrantry gives a the player dynamic choices in tactics wether intial push torwards an objectives or flying in reinforcments so that your defensive postion does not collapse. Remember keep your Infrantry to towns and use armor to sweep the edges with heli support. Huge tip, use smoke from atrillery to screen you assault of a town or enemy positions.Overall I would recommend this game with a dose of patience. Do not go into this game with tactics from Command & Conquer and Total War for you will meet only heartache. Need be look up a guide on the internet, maybe study some modern military tactics, pay attention to the specific stats of weapons platforms, and for the love of god use alot of AA! I cannot stress that enough, deploy alot of AA because you will need it with the game! Of course some tanks wouldn't hurt either."
,Recommended,222750,2361634,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,SpookyGhostfox,This is easily the best modern RTS out there. Buy it!
76561197970264974,Recommended,222750,21864667,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Harriett Tubgirl,"Good game, so I'm recommending it, but DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID and buy this, enjoy it for 2 hours, only to realize that there's a newer version called Wargame: Red Dragon.  For some reason Wargame: Airland Battle popped up in my ""recommended games"" list so I was intrigued and enjoyed it for those 2 hours, but then had to go buy Wargame: Red Dragon because it's multiplayer community is thriving.In conclusion: good game, but oudated.  Don't buy it, buy Wargame: Red Dragon instead because it still has a thriving multiplayer community!  (Wargame: RD general chat is worth the money on its own, take my word for it.)"
,Recommended,222750,7978455,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,WireNut223,"Best RTS I've ever played. Tries to stay as realistic as possible without sacrificing gameplay. The developers listen to and actually communicate with the players on the official forums, the game is updated regularly, and a third installment to the series is scheduled for 2014 release. I usually get bored with a game after a few months and stop playing it, but Wargame: Airland Battle and it's predecessor have kept my interest for almost two years now."
76561198027326357,Recommended,222750,12643075,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Tony Tyrant,Not sure why peeps are saying it's hard to learn... I found it very easy to learn.. but definately hard to master.  Great RTS with modern military units and equipment..  For those who love to fantasise how a conventional World War 3 would have looked.. this is for you!
76561198025298197,Recommended,222750,9380137,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,VMaxx,Very Good 10/10
76561198104297357,Recommended,222750,22856655,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,isetyawan,"Wargame: Airland Battle is one curious beast. It's an RTS, but it's also a reasonably realistic simulation of cold-war warfare. Players who are familiar with usual RTS (Starcraft, et.al.) may find the need to employ real-world tactics a shock (simply trying to overwhelm your opponent with a large number of your hardest-hitting units will not work). On the other hand, players who are more familiar with turn-based, realistic combat simulations (Combat Mission: Shockforce comes into mind) may get overwhelmed by the need to react in realtime. There is no such luxury as contemplating your move for several hours.Players who are neither an RTS nor a turn-based game veterans might be the ones with a slight advantage here. That being said, anybody willing to approach this game with an open mind will be able to start climbing the learning curve. It's a steep curve, I warn you, but with enough patience one might be able to master this game eventually (I certainly haven't!).If you are more into multi player games, Wargame: Airland Battle offers a quite robust multiplayer modes. I didn't get to test the multi player modes, however. But from what I've read (almost) everywhere, it's a blast.Wargame: Airland Battle offers a superb 3D game engine, capable of rendering virtually every blade of grass on the battlefield. To be able to appreciate this, though, you'll need to have a powerful PC. Even if you do, however, you might not have the chance to do so because you will be too busy viewing the battlefield from a zoomed-out strategic view rather than zooming in to each of the beautifully modeled (and animated) units.In the end, this is not a game to pass if you have an interest in modern (cold-war era) combined arms combat simulation. This is particularly true since the game is now offered at a very affordable price. Just keep in mind that this is not your average RTS, nor is it your typical realistic combat simulation. It is one curious beast, and if you can take it for what it is, you'll have a good time with it.Note for Mac owners: I have successfully played this game on my old-ish Macbook Pro (2012 13"" non retina). I've upgraded the RAM of the MacBook (it's got 8 GB of RAM) and the game ran reasonably well, albeit with mid-to-low graphics settings. It still looks good, but may not be as good as those videos of the game you've been watching on Youtube."
76561198093433638,Not Recommended,222750,29712471,Posted: 4 February,all,tatellrton,"Just buy Red Dragon or whatever the latest one is called. If you like cheating AI its fine. But 99% of people who aren't sadists won't. Any of the wargame games have a steep learning curve and are not for casual players. But this is just ridiculous. 70% of battles you will lose to the AI sniping your command vehicles with an impossible airstrike triggering an instant total loss. 20% of battles you will loose to massive artilery or helicopter spam which unless you have the reaction time and executive management skills of a supercomputer, you will be hopless to counter. 5% you will loose due to a single unit sneaking its way through all of your lines an assasinating your command vehicle. The other 5% of the time you'll lose due to being massivly outnumbered because your opponent was allowed to use a chemical or nuclear strike out of nowhere. 0% of the time you will loose because you actually were beaten fair and square by a superior AI.The game is majorly flawed, the entire appeal is supposed to be that its much more realistic or closer to a real ""wargame"" than other strategy games out there. But in no way does it come close to even simulating minute realism. Unlike real battles, the majority of the game comes down to using artilery and helicopters effectivly. The role of both these units is massivly exagerated as compared to their realistic value in modern warfare. And more than anything, it comes down to assasinating the enemy commander unit, which, while it would be valuable in an actual war, would never be the main objective in a battle. Capturing and holding territory and the role of infantry are massivly undervalued. Every unit also ballences another type of unit, which is fine for a game, but if your going for realism is really very silly, ie 1 AA unit is not going to protect from 1 advanced  bomber, in reality it would take a large network of AA unit strategically placed to deny that airspace.What you get is a big game of overcomplicated rock paper scizzors with more than 3 types of hand gestures, all hapening at lightining speed. Its not a game of outthinking your opponent strategically, its a game of who has the faster reaction time, which basically is ""who here is more like a computer"". Ultimately you realise its totally pointless as no commander in war is ever expected to micromanage all aspects of a battle at once, that all you're really doing is improving your reaction time, which is a simple banal task a computer will always outperform humans in despite not being at all actually inteligent. If you can lie to yourself and tell yourself that having amazing computer like processing speed and reaction time has anything to do with actual intelligence or strategic skill, this game will be great for you. Or you could just download a braintraining app for significantly less money and see how fast you can sort shapes and colors, then pat yourself on the back and tell yourself how smart you are becoming, same diffrence.If however that does not sound like fun, if you're a normal person, and you don't have effing beutfil mind syndrom and dont count the number of windows of every building before you walk into it, the game might not be for you. But hey maybe I'm just a pesismist and you'll love it.  Sometimes its actually funny when you play against skilled opponents, you can almost feel the AUTISM ooze through the screen as they crush you while sorting every pencil and pen they have on their desk in order of length and counting backwords by prime numbers."
,Recommended,222750,7735448,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Noirilae,"This game is by far the best military strategy game that i have played to date. The realistic unit count and system is just amazing. And the addition of jets make it so much more different to the original, i've had to figure out new strategies and create decks that suited these strategies. I can't wait for the next wargame."
,Recommended,222750,7755884,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,EchoAlpha,"Possibly the best RTS available right now. There are so many units, and every strategy possible exists, and so does every counter to it.Few games provide this much flexibility in strategy while staying so immersive and realistic to such an extent."
76561198004247799,Recommended,222750,7924772,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Blackbeard,Best Game of My Life!!!!!!!!
76561198118737280,Recommended,222750,8506028,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ghost,"if your looking for a realistic strategy game and don't get scared of learning the 800+ units in game and their stats this game is for you. It got a pretty steep learning curve, but as soon as you get the hang of it is in my opinion one of the best strategy games  out there.."
,Recommended,222750,8764223,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,hooahguy,"Excellent game, redefines what an RTS should be."
76561198085563695,Recommended,222750,8037854,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Cosmic,"Here is my review of Wargame: Airland Battle.One of the best RTS's of the year in my opinion, Wargame: Airland Battle is a enormous game, with massive maps, and extensive number of military vehicles. This sequel to the original game ""Wargame: European Escalation"" now includes Aircraft such as the F-18, F-16, Tornado, Mig-21 and plenty more, and let me tell you there is nothing short of units in this game. The amount of nations and forces there are in this game make it extremely appealing to me, nations are divided by Pact and Nato then by countrys, currently there are 830 units in the game so there is a lot to chose from. Most of the maps are gigantic sometimes to the point where I am completely confused and overwhelmed because I am unsure what to do with my units but I am new to the game so I'm sure in due time that will pass. All the DLC has been free for both this game and its Wargame: European Escalation so that is definitely a plus, the DLC usually adds in new maps and vehicles. The games vehicles are very well detail in my opinion, taking into consideration the scale of the maps and all the stuff going on, the graphics are excellent to the point where it is kinda eye candy; I feel like good movie clips could be made with this game...The Game is updated quite regularly and the developers actually listen to the players through the forums and a third installment is scheduled for release in 2014 and I am personally quite excited for it, from what I have read it will be called ""Wargame: Red Dragon"" this sequel will include 5 new nations including the Chinese and the North Koreans, over 450 new units including ships, WHAT?! (as if it wasent chaotic enough) and they have also changed the location, this time we are in Central Asia between 1971 and 1991; The version I am really hoping for is a Modern Warfare Version 2000+ era vehicles, planes and such.In campaign is set in Europe, mainly around Denmark, Norway and Sweden area. You got back and forth between playing as Nato and Pact, the Campaign has definitely improved from the previous game, for this installment you have sort of a table top surface for the Campaign separating allied controlled blocks and enemy controlled blocks when you are not fighting, but you can do passive things to, like send in recon or bomb a enemy blocks which I actually like. Skirmish mode is a fun and good way to learn how to play the game without getting slaughtered in multiplayer, you are basically battling the computer and you can change the difficulty of the enemy and your allies. Multiplayer is chaotic at first to say the least, especially if its 10v10 it was definitely difficult but I'm sure in a few months I will get used to it.Making Custom Decks I believe has improved, you have way more vehicles to chose from then the previous game when you are first starting out and you also get bonuses for certain groups like Mechanized Group, Armor Group, Support Group; also you get bonuses for which time frame you want. You get units from a point system, it goes by how many enemy units you kill and if any of your units have died.There is one thing I don't like about this game and that is the game is $40 at the time I am making this, I don't get it because basically it's really just an add-on to the previous Wargame, and really there are not many new features besides, a few new maps, planes and a few new vehicles so I recommend buying this if it is ever on sale, I would say 50% or lower.My final verdict is this game puts the ""Real"" in Real Time Strategy; I enjoy this game I have a lot of fun with it. If you can maintain your units well on the massive maps, you will do fine. The game is very realistic with chaotic war scenarios and epic battles.Cheers \m/P.S. Here is there website go and learn more...http://www.wargame-ab.com/?rub=home#p1"
,Recommended,222750,8313534,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,A E S T H E T I C ™,"great, nothing else to say."
,Recommended,222750,23276486,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,jackowacko218,All the other reviews state that the AI cheats. its just hard.
76561198032047535,Not Recommended,222750,22056714,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,ShinobiX,"Sounds like the perfect game for war junkies with tons of units and potential to set up ambushes on enemies. This works great with multiplayer, but if a single player game is your cup of tea then it falls flat on this end. Why?? Well to start the AI is rather dumb so to keep it in the game it has unlimited resources.I set up a nice defensive position and murdered the AI to no end rarely losing a single asset. In the end I had shot every round and went through all my assets and the AI was still coming. You basically race against the clock to capture areas which may suit some people, but if you like to absolutely crush everything the enemy has you wont be able to in this game.If they removed the timers and constrained the AI's resouces it would be a game I would highly recommend. I just dont care for it in its current form."
76561197974418161,Recommended,222750,31099974,Posted: 12 April,all,horsesarse,Best RTS game around! Great theme and good balance.
,Recommended,222750,8958880,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Finn,"I like this game; therefore, you will too."
,Recommended,222750,28591225,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,maike.rieseln,"For any cold war buff or enthusiast or whatever, this game is a treasure trove of accuracy (well, almost) and a dedication to a war that never happened.Gameplay is pretty much solid and as is the graphics. Music is okay. SFX could have been more accurate (the BRRTs were real as **** though) Single player campaign is sure to keep you thinking about the game when you're not playing it."
,Recommended,222750,9158231,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,TacticalMan,I can honestly say one of the best stratergy games of all times. This game has had a lot of time and effort put into it as you can tell with the graphics on the game as well as the scale of the maps the detail on the units and still being able to run it makes this game amazing. With the look of the next dlc (Red Dragon)  this game is a must buy for stratergy gamers. Would highly recommend!
,Recommended,222750,8507989,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bloody George,Best RTS I have ever played!
,Recommended,222750,7748489,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Cripto,A large deep modern RTS with a huge number of units awesome 10v10s and a ever changing meta. There are many different ways to play and for true rts fans there is a deep level of deck building.
76561198036150553,Recommended,222750,7938869,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Heberth Thaylon,This game is just amazing. No RTS game will ever be the same when compared to Wargame: AirlandBattle
,Recommended,222750,24401713,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Freedom and Liberty,"Great strategy game! Awesome grapics and lot of famous units, based on the time of Cold War. Hope more and more new serizes of Wargame will arrive online! (I better be the first guy who buys the new Wargame serizes game!)"
,Recommended,222750,8455478,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Siberia :v,I tried to bomb a position with my nighthawk and got shot at by 8 tunguskas...
76561198038693263,Recommended,222750,4536542,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Hitman0909,It is the best game i have played on PC in my 9 years of gaming
,Recommended,222750,8650141,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ZxLUKE NUKEMxZ,"Coming from ruse this game can be difficult to play, but when you have learn the games mechanics and such, it becomes a very good rts and should belong in any fans libary, there are many factions to choose from which can all be customized according to your play style, not to mention a free dlc which is involved including a new unit for each army and some maps also there is a uniqe level up system ( doesnt contribute to online much ) which allows minor bonouses in single player missions. all in all a good game , with good graphics and a fine development team."
76561198020093023,Recommended,222750,12560988,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,suchamoneypit,"Coming from being a console gamer with a obsession with RTS, this game blew my mind. Best strategy game ive ever played, super realistic, I always love improving my decks and strategies. Gotta love Stealth Bombers.The only con I have is that is crashes suprisingly often if you do anything else. Alt-TAB? Crash, somone disconnected from the game due to sudden loss of connection? Crash. And the thing that annoys me most is most of these crashes arent just crashes, they force you to restart your computer, task manager will not shut the game down to allow you to relaunch it. Even after months of these same crashes, its still not fixed.again, not too common, but when it happens its very frustrating. Even with the issue its not even close enough to prevent me from playing the game often and enjoying it."
,Recommended,222750,31206215,Posted: 17 April,all,Waggy,"Fun tactical game of modern warfare, with just enough realism to be enjoyable while still being more of a game than a simulator.One option of score keeping makes your soldiers's lives valuable so that zerg rushes lead to defeat, not victory. You have to attack the enemy where he is weak and without suiciding your units, like in civilized countries in real life.I applied lessons learned from modern war veterans to great success. Noobs get steam rolled, veterans are dueled in the realm of psychology (feints, bait and trapping, counter-attacking).Unfortunately the interface is trash, memorized key commands a necessity and air defense requires micro-management, so it's not the perfect game, but still fun occasionally.Turn off ambient noise or whatever it's called, otherwise it will drive you crazy and you'll still hear it hours after shutting off the game."
,Recommended,222750,2293551,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,Whiterabbit-uk,This is going to be my shortest recommendation.  An improvement on  Escalation.  I love it.
,Recommended,222750,24309585,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Lintong,is like the ARMA of RTS games
,Recommended,222750,21199157,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Frosty2k,"Hella funThe mechanics are easy. It is one of the best real time strategy games everHow to play:1) Get a friend to play with you.2) Friend gets the game quickly and learns fast2) You happen to like to play as PACT nation.3) You say a pro-communist slur.4) Friend happens to be an anti-communist5) Gets mad at you and your entire army is bombed and shelled throughout the battle.6) Be like ""dayum. Mother Russia will have her revenge one day, capitalist dog!""7) Fixed your deck8) Spammed Russian rocket artillery.9) Made a deviant smile on skype.10) ""Bye, capitalist.""11) Make a review and recommendScore: 10/10"
,Recommended,222750,12020907,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,[D.I.C.K.S.] Your Senpai,You know you tried to win your senpai's heart and senpai just ignores everything until you strategicly win her/his heart?This is the game.
76561197967177220,Recommended,222750,8376620,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Chuz,its ♥♥♥♥ing bbzchuz you can bbz whatever chuz you like bbzchuza]
76561198028463348,Recommended,222750,8320060,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,QUADILIOUS,t-80Us
,Recommended,222750,7816645,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Scheißgeist,OH GOD SO MANY JETS I DONT HAVE AA ♥♥♥♥ HELP. WHAT WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ DID THOSE TANKS COME FROM♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHAT HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ DOES HE KNOW WHERE MY CV IS GOD ♥♥♥♥ING DAMNIT.PLAR FAGOT10/10
76561198032663723,Recommended,222750,8212228,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Eldaslav,"Good game. If you like wargames or always wanted to play a game where you have an oppotunity to control tons of vehicles in Cold War ere, it's for you."
,Recommended,222750,1278240,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,jbjw,They added planes.
76561197960917148,Recommended,222750,8911533,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Kin-Luu,"One of the best RTS games of our time.Worth every minute of the >200h I sunk into it.If you like WiC, you will devour Wargame."
,Recommended,222750,8123429,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,AlphaZulu90,FANTASTICAL!
,Recommended,222750,7817175,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Crazycaptain,Best RTS ever made.
,Recommended,222750,4319796,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Snek The Crusader,"Best modern RTS ever made. There isn't any good modern RTS that you can compare with this.Really immersive, tons and tons of units, from jeeps to bombers.Several nations, (NATO - USA, UK, West-Germany,French, Sweden, Canada, Denmark, Norway as for PACT you have  German Democratic Republic, Poland, the USSR, and Czechoslovakia.)Good gameplay, lots of people playing multiplayer, massive battles.Helicopter raids like Apocalypse Now? Yeah, sure.Rolling Thunder with M1A1 Abrams? It's awesome.If you like RTS, and want a good experience, buy it."
,Recommended,222750,8978192,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,"Chef Tom, The Hurricane","One of the best games I've ever playedHowever, only buy this for the multiplayer, the singleplayer is an exercise in frustration. However, the multiplayer is a sublime RTS experience. Its emphasis is on realism, it is generally slow paced, and success requires much planning and caution. Many will find this dull however the pay off in satisfaction for success in this game is extrodanry. When you manage to sync artillery, aircraft, tanks and infantry to break and enemies' defence, you really feel like a great general. There are 100s of highly detailed units in the game, and it looks beautiful, it's easy to get distracted zooming in to watch your favourite vechicles fighting. It is also very well optimised and runs great. As of writing this review, the online community is smallish, but I never fail to find a decent game. I cannot reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,222750,24422933,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Brunelleschi,You need spend plenty of time to get the main ideas and tactics during the battles.
,Recommended,222750,23227325,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mrfuzz117,"If you are a person who loves RTS (Real Time Strategy Games) then this is a game for you. You can design your own armies, there is a campaign.  It is just amazing."
,Recommended,222750,7652164,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Captains,"Put simply, nothing compares to this game. First proper game that always seem to draw me back and back again. It may be hard, complex and confusing to begin with but once you understand the basics, it's just clear sky all the way.Devs hands out free DLCs, regular patches to improve gameplay all the while listening to what the community wants.I simply never had so much fun any other game.Best played with friends!"
,Recommended,222750,11352538,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,A. Chatterton,Good game besides how it's hard. Don't listen to what I said right there though.
,Recommended,222750,5593642,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Colonel Cuza,"This game is so awesome :ITS GOT JETS, TANK, EXPLOSIONS, WTF DO YOU WANT MORE!"
76561198020095224,Recommended,222750,8753901,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Chapchep,"Fantastic!  The strategy and realism, come on!  Making sure your units get resupplied with your “Loggies” setting up FARPs and repairing damaged units, sweet!  Much to learn, I don’t know all the ins and outs yet, but it sure is a blast, especially when you have time to zoom in on the units and watch them take it to the enemy!  Playing on an iMac I7 with Nvidia 750m, runs great!"
,Recommended,222750,7791412,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Red Weston,"Keeping it short and sweet -The good:Very slick game, well optimized, few bugs, solid gameplay, very nice balance, awesome choice of units, opposing factions gives nice gameplay. Based on competitive multiplayer, will push you to limits, stress your micro in game. If you are good at RTS, you will appreciate the skill required in this. Very accesible and easy to learn, yet takes hours to master. And free DLCThe bad:Some copy/paste units, and one or two inaccuracies with certain units (made for balance reasons). 10v10 usually plays out bad due to noobs.Ranked automatch takes some time to find. Automatch needs some more love.All in all:Buy the game if you like>Modern day (cold war) units>Well made engine>And skill based competitive mulitplayerThen buy  this game, wait for the sale, or even full price."
,Recommended,222750,7757021,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Gamma927,"One of the best real time strategy games that I have ever played.Unlike faster paced strategy games, such as Starcraft or Command and Conquer, Wargame forces the player to plan out their actions beforehand. Those who rush into action will quickly find their units dead, armies depleted, and objectives lost. The deck system is an integral part of this, allowing players to create and tailor their decks for specific strategies with a large assortment of units. Want to build a mixed Scandinavian armor deck, or a glorious all-American deck? It's up to you. I've often considered building a deck to be as much of a game as the game itself.There is something to be said about watching hundreds of Norwegian tanks heroically charging (and getting slaughtered by) a dug-in Soviet force though :D"
,Recommended,222750,8012706,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Scianyde,Definitely for anybody who likes the Cold War and RTS.
,Recommended,222750,8249537,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,cnajper,"An thorougly enjoyable game that balances periods of slow planning and careful maneuvering with frantic moments of intense order-giving in the heat of battle, just like in real life. While some aspects of ""real"" warfare have been if not discarded then at least carefully placed to the side, the end product achieves a very good trade-off between a simulation of an actual armed conflict and a thoroughly enjoyable game. Whether you prefer to play the solo campaigns against the computer, co-op with your friends against the AI or if you prefer to go all the way to the 10v10 multi-player arenas, Wargame: Airland Battle has something to offer you."
,Recommended,222750,8792461,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Bae-koku Bokan,If your a huge millitary buff and love RTT games then this is the game for you
76561197964065615,Recommended,222750,171178,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Little Tin God,"Most realistic, insanely cool RTS i've ever played. Buy it Now Nerd!"
,Recommended,222750,9447740,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,hyno111,"Another very unique RTS, which is due to its simulate-realistic nature. It is more like Supreme Commander with no buildings ,less units and scoring zones."
,Recommended,222750,16465536,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,KQKLY,Really Worth To Buy This Game+3D Grapich+Epic Screen War+Good For RTS Addict-No Ship-The Battle to Early8/10 Good Game For RTS Addict
76561197970285057,Recommended,222750,26059742,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,ZappyArsenia23,Playing against the computer is quite fun - this is a good game.  Enjoy.
76561198005152431,Recommended,222750,23607662,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Frontier Runner,"It's fun, in fact I would go as far to say it's one of the best RTS games I have ever played, just be ready to get bashed by all the Vets, both in game and in the chat. The community is pretty toxic so I tend to make a server and just call it Noobs are Welcome."
76561198066505368,Recommended,222750,11948215,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,The Pirate of eBay,"A huge RTS, it has tons of units! There is planes, helicopters, tanks, SPG's, artillery, AT guns, etc. Infantry is extremely cheap, yet powerful in this game, and you can win games with infantry alone.Graphics aren't great, but maps are huge! Infantry models walk in giant circles, but it is only noticable up close.Overall a good RTS, but if you are looking for detail instead of units, there is better games available"
76561198105815853,Recommended,222750,11961772,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Zoro,"I played sc2, supcom, and c&c, and this ranks up with the big players on rts. One of the best rts games out there on steam. However if you like single player, dont get it."
,Recommended,222750,30108322,Posted: 22 February,all,Hondatypes1,I love A-10Rest in pepperoni's
76561197994280250,Not Recommended,222750,21942549,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,dokterschlonz,"i liked the singleplayer campaign of the first game european escalation.this is basically the same game with added fighter jets. these fighter jets are an unnecessary addition that don't make the game any more fun. Then they made the single player campaign in this one un-fun and tedious (less work for lazy devs - its just a series of skirmishes with time limit and cheating ai). they also added unnecessary ships to their third game, which i also do not recommend. i recommend the first game, european escalation for the single nice player campaign."
,Not Recommended,222750,11978953,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,n8mahr,"This game is brilliant graphics on the outside and hardcore-RTS at the core BUT absolutely NO fun for me.Most of the time I look at the max. zoomed out map, little dots moving. No battle intensity at this range. Just dots vanishing for one or the other reason. The fact that not that many units are present hides the worst path-finding I´ve seen since C&C (the first one... ). I wonder why they implemented such fine graphics anyway.. you can´t use them / look at them if you want to win or at least play this right...If you´re into ""rock,paper, scissors"" games this might be your game. The best thing (for me) is that the matches are max. 20 minutes long.."
76561198063483020,Not Recommended,222750,33537542,Posted: 14 July,all,Userext,"TLDR: Terrible single player and dead multiplayerThe AI cheats. AI doesn't have any limitations and AI also has highest luck in the game. Yes I say luck because for some reason, 10 times in a row 10 vehicles with 22 accuracy can miss more than 10 accuracy vehicle... Singleplayer is terrible since you have to rush everything otherwise AI will nuke you to hell and even if you rush, you won't go so far since AI has better chance at hitting you than you have, hitting them. You can't stand back and defend because you'll run out of strategical covers and will be nuked. Oh also, you can't plan ahead since AI knows where your units are.I complained about EE's cheating AI but this one is worse since you are forced to rush. I used to take 3.5 hours to complete missions in EE because I like precautions and I didn't want to send force out during enemy spams. However in this game, you only have 20 minutes per battle AND couple days to complete the scenario before you run out of covers against nukes(that somehow you don't have yet they do) and they start spamming units in.It's not even like EE where you lose a portion of your forces, you won't even get a chance to lose your forces before they get destroyed due to tactical nukes.I am currently at fortess oslo campaign(second one) and I refuse to play further in the campaign because the damn russians magically shoot down my anti radar jets. While my jets can't even destroy one biryusa with 2 rockets... I don't have any more cover to protect me from nuke strike and AI spams nuke strike that disables your units completely .Finally, multiplayer, it's dead unless you have friends. I haven't played red dragon but after EE and this game I have extremely low expectations"
,Recommended,222750,10380948,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,nm_scarface,"Incredible detail, and can be very difficult at first, but it's so good I just keep coming back for more; it will take up so much of your time and you'll enjoy it!"
,Recommended,222750,212640,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Misfit,"For the war junkies, the ultimate RTS with ultra unit deck customization, large scale war on multiple fronts and even insertion of spec ops behind enemy lines for maximum supply route disruption. RTS can't get any better than this. 10/10"
,Recommended,222750,274676,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Ubiquitous,"Relative to its predecessor, Wargame European Escalation, this is perhaps more of an evolution than a revolution. The dynamic campaign, which was probably the thing that excited me most about Airland Battle, didn't suck me in like the scripted campaign of its precessor. Nevertheless, the fact that EE feels more than a little rough after a few weeks of playing this game suggests that Eugen have done a good job of improving on an already strong formula."
76561198005630955,Recommended,222750,7806051,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,georgess,"I am going to try list some pros and cons of this really good game. As you will se later, there is only few bad aspects of this game and none of them is deal breaking. Playing this game with your friend(s), with matching deck is really fundefinitely recommended+ long range fighting - finally you can fight on longer ranges then in other RTS (which are usually tens or max. hundredsof meters)+ super high number of units (plenty of variants and sub variants, especially for wide-spread units like T-72 or Leopard 1)+ modern armour - one of few RTS games without Tigers, Shermans, etc+ national deck - unlike in European Escalation, now you can built a fully functional national deck for each nation whileselecting a national deck provides quite significant advantages - more activation points, unlocked prototypes, but unitsfrom other nations will be locked+ deck optimization - apart from choosing nation, you can also choose which type of deck you wish to play (mechanized,armoured, navy, para....), this will upgrade some of your units (veterancy, decrease of activation points required) whilesome units will be unavailable and some slots might be locked for example: Armoured = more veterancy for tanks, tanks cost less activation points, but you will loose 6 slots in ""infantry"" section+ planes (of course) - great number of types, roles and ammunition (including some nasty things like cluster bombs, napalmetc.)+ better AA - now you need to plan your AA defence much more precisely - radar guided missile are better against planes (but you must keep an eye on anti-radar planes), IR rockets against helicopters etc. only by combining all kinds of AA (radarrockets, IR rockets and guns) and proper positioning you can provide safe space for your ground units+ supply lines - with new patch, providing supplies for your units is more challenging then before (an very much morechallenging then in W:EE)+ campaigns - there are for campaigns (each of different length), all located in Scandinavia, they are pretty good and isalso possible to play them in multi player (as coop and versus)+ quite good support from developer, nice community around game- great number of units can confuse new players plus ""national names"" of units are not much of help (Norwegian or Swedishunits, mainly infantry)- arty - in W:AB arty fires in salvoes, which are pretty fast so each battery containing more then 2 guns now feel almostlike a multiple rocket launcher - it makes arty more effective, but looks weird and quite unrealistic- learning curve - it will take some time to get familiarized with all units, their advantages and weaknesses and proper use- ranked matchmaking not working - it seems ranked games are not much popular, so you will get any oponent that is avaible no matter his rank- too much napalm (and other spams) - almost every nation has a napalm bomer and often you get spammed by cheap napalm bomers, there are some other units which are spammed from time to time (certain helicopters etc)- price is quite high after long time, but with discount (sales) it is a great deal"
,Recommended,222750,7849466,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,✖#Cherry Sphinx~23,good game...
,Recommended,222750,7885765,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,chema1994,Awesome game
76561197963998096,Recommended,222750,7996726,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Gogopher,huge learning cuve...but when u do learn it most rewarding...love this game and cannot recommend it enough
,Recommended,222750,7997284,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,VTEC-YO,Great game visually and can be quite challenging at times. Would definitely recommend to any RTS fans
,Recommended,222750,8019797,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Snusfenrik,The ARMA version of Red Alert / RTS gaming.
76561198104349272,Recommended,222750,8025867,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Rip,Great game so far 8/10
76561198045661930,Recommended,222750,8072252,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Arrow_Head,One of the greatest RTS games I have ever played!
,Recommended,222750,8074234,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,meves,"A brilliantly nuanced strategy game, but it has lots of working parts so an at least basic knocwledge of cold war militarites is required"
,Recommended,222750,8143469,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Zoot,"Great game for any enthusiastic strategist, easily replayable due to the plenty of varied nations and their equipment. 9/10"
76561197971139116,Recommended,222750,8195612,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,UKCarbine,"Buy it, awesome, scratch that pure awesome! vertical learning curve. However once you grasp the basics and apply them. It is so worth it."
,Recommended,222750,8310252,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Comrade Question,"850 accurately modeled units.  Tons of factions.  You need to manage fuel, ammo, armor, speed.. everything.  This game is not for the faint of heart - if your unit dies, it's dead for the rest of the match.  It's very much trying to simulate real combat, and it tends to pull it off well.  Awesome game if you're into that kind of stuff."
,Recommended,222750,8310466,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,xxxVIKTORxxx,"Cool tactical war game strategy of latest cold-war periodWith a lot of units, diffrent armys combinations and ways to winBetter when Dota ;)"
76561197971934135,Recommended,222750,8315279,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,BowlerXman,Best Strategy war game in YEARS!
,Recommended,222750,8348770,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Un0wn_,"Once you understand how to play, this game becomes very fun.! +1 for strategy"
76561198054683002,Recommended,222750,8358670,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Master Sloth,This game is a lot of fun but can take 1-2 hours to get the hang of. Starting with multiplayer can be hard because you'll be kicked just for being new. It's also very time consuming since battles can last for 45+ minutes. Though if you have some extra dollars and some time I'd recommend you buy it.
,Recommended,222750,8395849,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Griffy,"Fantastic wargame with a lot of depth and tactics. Easy to start playing with a great difficulty curve, the multiplayer is just crazy!"
,Recommended,222750,8413467,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Breakaway25,"If you like playing RTS's like Command and Conquer or Star Craft then Wargame: Airland Battle is not for you. However, if you like more in-depth strategy games such as, Civilization or Axis and Allies(the boardgame not the PC game) then this game is for you. The game introduces whole new game mechanics such as, logistics and supply trains, and no magic unit spamming boxes. This is a game where real world military stragegies work better than infantry rushes. If you want to place a historically accurate simulation of what WWIII would have been then buy this game. If you want a strategy game, then go by C&C."
76561198041797241,Recommended,222750,8444460,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,reemoo,one of the best stratgy gameout there ! i recommended this game for ppl who like war stratgy games
76561198049200512,Recommended,222750,8492415,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Horatio,Recommended to ensure wins for democracy!
,Recommended,222750,8152739,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Vikhr,get it.
,Recommended,222750,8334632,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Shiroo,So goodMuch funVery wow
,Recommended,222750,8622824,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,medic,goty:2013 -cat
,Recommended,222750,8693499,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,jeansberg,"Build your own deck from a huge number of units including infantry, tanks, support vehicles, helicopters and airplanes  as you fight over Europe in this Cold War RTS. Wargame: ALB is a deeply strategic game that relies more on the understanding of tactics than on reflexes. It forces you to think about concepts such as reconnoissance, line-of-fire, cover, combined arms and supply logistics. It is a worthy successor to Wargame: European Escalation."
,Recommended,222750,8697304,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Tobias2220,Amazing game and amazing company not any more needed to be said.
76561197972033274,Recommended,222750,8792764,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,TexRoadkill,Great game!
,Recommended,222750,8797796,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Magpie,Great RTS
76561198070906817,Recommended,222750,8814449,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,:},"So hard, so rewarding"
76561198039583432,Recommended,222750,10085579,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,BerserkWolf UK,Awesome!
,Recommended,222750,3668037,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Budekman,"From here you can bring nightmare from Air and land , damn i hate those MIG fighter"
76561198027522239,Recommended,222750,9483058,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Zagger,"If you're looking for a really intense and realistic Stratagy game, this is the right game for you. This game is one of the most realistic RTS I've ever seen, the units and enviroments look great and you really feel like your fighting a war. More than once you'll find yourself in a full scale battle with you allies, trying to hold your defensive line. A really good RTS game!"
,Recommended,222750,17832017,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,"Su-17M3 ""Fitter-H""",">Do Die Hard campaign, with one of best steam friends>Dominate first enemy division with glorious Russian Armored division>Go into combat with West German Mech division, curbstomp them>Two BMP's slip past defense, show up at Aerial Supply point>They capture it>""Total Defeat"">Try again, withdraw Russian Armored Division with West German Mech division>There aren't enough enemies left from the first battle to ensure victory even though we destroyed every single enemy left on the second battle>""Draw"">""You have lost the Die Hard campaign""11/10"
76561198079970658,Recommended,222750,8361876,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,fish54,"It's a fantastic game. A very-very rare gem in nowdays game industry. When I play this game, it resembles me an old games that I have played in 90ies. It's very challendging, it's very interesting and it has a fantastic multiplayed.I even recommend you not to play a single, but to try out multiplayer battle.I've played for this game almost for a year contantly and I don't regret any cent I spent for this game."
76561197966595640,Recommended,222750,8005723,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Sitoutumaton,"Wargame: Airland Battle offers a realistic (within limits of retaining enjoyable, somewhat balanced gameplay) commanding experience of a period not often explored, the last days of Cold War gone hot with wide assortment of period-accurate equipment for both the NATO and Warsaw Pact.Fans of slow-paced real time strategy, try this out! Wargame demands you to think through your moves carefully before acting."
76561198069390715,Recommended,222750,8872999,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Deadeye1597,"Two hands down, absolutely the best Real-Time-Strategy game I've ever played, from graphics to diversity and especially gamelplay!"
76561198045805489,Recommended,222750,8000752,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,THE IT FACTOR,Really amazing strategy game. Worth every penny and goes into depth with actualy haveing to plan out your attacks and using strategies to win. Overall a 10/10.
76561197970289727,Recommended,222750,8841588,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,smokingwreckage,"It's a wargame! It's an RTS! Good fun so far, from an RTS nut's POV."
76561198020471227,Recommended,222750,16106039,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,WolfEyes (Loki'd),"Imo, this is the best one out of all three. It's the most balanced as far as planes go and the most straight forward. Decks in this game are a lot easier to put together and you don't have to deal with the naval units. I would recommend this one above the other two, but keep in mind the other two are very good as well!"
,Recommended,222750,8360568,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,IrishGuard,This game is amazing graphicaly and visualy stunning and the gameplay is much better than Wargame: European Escalation which ive put more than 40+ hours in and enjoyed every min of that game! I love this airland battle even more because in European Escalation ive always wanted airplanes / jets in the game and now finally am loving this game! I love using the A-10 thunderbolt II and hearing the gattling gun sound when it takes down its target such a badass and nice feeling and awesome to watch! I can see myself putting 80+ hours into this game double what Ive put into Wargame: European Escalation just because of the added airplanes / jets feature! Wargame Airland Battle is better played with your friends etc.. I love playing skrimish mode with my friends against AI its very nice and very fun and enjoyable then its good to do 1v1 against your friends also good feeling! then once we are done that we would team up against other players online and win yay!Id highly recommend this game if you've ever played Wargame: European Escalation or even if you havn't id still recommend this airland battle over Wargame: European Escalation anytime!My Score: 8.5/10
76561198062815614,Recommended,222750,8322302,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,-SLH-Commissar_Carne,"Amazing, Detailed, challanging would recommend to anyone that is a fan of RTS games and looking for that little extra in them."
,Recommended,222750,684598,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Code. [MM],Can't corner the dornier
76561198053279037,Recommended,222750,8700158,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,AlbinoRhin0,"This game is one of the most fun RTS games i've ever played, due to the realism as well as strategy."
,Recommended,222750,8035034,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Chris Harris,Great miltary rts.
76561198103569411,Recommended,222750,8184913,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MADxViper13,Very fun for new and vetern strategy gamers
76561198080683152,Recommended,222750,7890872,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,toxicjayce,I would definty reconmend this game to all older than 13 this game is very demanding and you will need to have skill to play this
11454645674643121,Recommended,222750,20938952,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Right Wing Meme Squads,"Well first of all of I have to say when I stared out with this game it had so many problems with it and just got so annoying to constantly fix them BUT after they were all sorted out I saw what a damn amazing game it was, how addictive and just how fun it really was.In conclusion get the game even if your new to RTS (Like I was) and have some fun with it, for the problems the community is so helpful towards new players so make a discussion post and someone will sort it out. Just be patient.9/10 – Great game"
,Recommended,222750,7922712,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Huraganus,It's udles of FUN!
76561198087471853,Recommended,222750,7906331,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,muncylogan,The best and most fun strategy game on the pc.
76561198054960511,Recommended,222750,7917279,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,bcombs007,♥♥♥♥ing A10
,Recommended,222750,7902670,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,The great Kantanka,"10/10 masterpiece with stunning visuals and extremely deep gameplay. No hard counters in this strategy war game, only smart counters. Do you micromanage 4 tanks of 25 points to take out one of 135 or do you call in a 185 point strike plane that hopefully makes a succesful pass to buttrape even more tanks later? In this game your worst enemy are usually clicks per minute and a well thought out strategy with a coordinated use of stuns, smoke, terrain and flanking will always come out on top. Defiantly my GOTY and so far the best strategy game i have ever played."
76561198035184251,Recommended,222750,7964136,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Phantom 1-1,Its FUN and Realistic
,Recommended,222750,8046419,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,CHEN!!!,Very in depth strategy game. Still learning. Really nice though.
76561198098795061,Recommended,222750,9009052,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Liberation,"I feel compelled to write this because of the recent lack of love for an important aspect of this game. Everyone is hating because the MP is dead and they may be right, but Airland Battle (ALB) has what no other Wargame has; and that is Multiplayer campaigns. With this mode you can take full advantage of the fact that you have online friends to play with and you can play the engaging campaigns. Red Dragon (RD) took this away for some reason and it was a bummer for me. The canpaigns in ALB also had options for strike missions which you could call at the moment of your choosing making for completely unscripted campaigns (or nearly so). RD took this away as well, and if I recall correctly, EE doesn't even have a campaign map.If you are only into MP PVP than perhaps RD is a better choice.I also see people crying about interface??? I don't get it ALB plays exactly like RD and EE. Same buttons for hotkeys, and like always you can change them at will sooo why the sniffles?? Interface is EXACTLY the same.To be honest I have to say that ALB is the definitive version of the wargame series, amount of units being the exception. RD added ships which were a so so success, and many more nations. The added countries in RD make that one perhaps more replayable, (who wouldn't want to romp DPRK right now) but make no mistake, RD is a dressed up ALB.For those of you who have no idea what the Wargame series is all about I will now adress that: Wargame, whichever one you may choose to purchase, is without a doubt the best blend of realism and fun in a RTS. No made up weapon platforms, just you, your units, and the map. If you want new units you need to spend points to bring them onto the map. The amount of points you have is dependent on the amount of control zones under your, well, control! The units available depend on the type of battlegroup you are playing as. Are you a French Marine Battlegroup? or an American Armoured battlegroup? Perhaps mechanized Canadian Infantry? There are no bases that build giant walkers which shoot lasers lol. More seriously though if you choose to move your tank column on open ground without cover you may very well never reach your destination. Cover of units is crucial; infantry in buildings, Anti-Tank Guided missiles (ATGM) in forests or on higher ground, smoke from friendly mortars or simply interdiction fire from your MLRS batteries...these are the keys to victory. Multiple T-55s never equal an inferior number of M1A1s, and in fact two or three entrenched T-80us will probably annihilate any number of tanks you throw at them in open ground without support, until they run of ammo, they will run out of ammo. Wargame forces you to keep your troops well supplied on huge maps which means you need to think one or two steps ahead in an environement where reinforcements and supplies could take upwards of five minutes to get to their location. If you're not careful you unwillingly send troops to their deaths when the enemy overuns your positions and you forgot about the reinforcements you called that never came in time...This is probably unlike any other RTS you have ever played. It is very easy to get used to but very hard to get good at, and that is why you will love this game and probably buy all the other Wargames as well."
,Recommended,222750,4117875,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,y u n g $ c h l e e p y,This game makes my nipples hard enough to cut diamonds.
,Recommended,222750,10497227,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Charm to Cure Curse of Charm,"♥♥♥♥♥man this game is solidmy hopes were for a decent modern RTS and it totally surpassed thatthere's a lot of neat progression stuff and some dynamic campaigns but the real draw is creating your own personal corps from NATO or the warsaw pact (called decks) and pitting it against othersthe gameplay is really, really tight; i didn't like the last one in the series, European Escalation, as much because very little mind was paid to making it accessible. they put a ton of work into the UI and learning curve, but really the triumph here is how tactile commanding feels: you don't have to worry so much about all the micro and metagame that comes with most RTSes. i'd compare it loosely to relic's real-time tactics games (dawn of war, company of heroes) more than i would to any conventional RTS in the vein of C&C or starcraftunits automatically fire and determine their positioning towards the enemy, so you don't have to worry about being crushed because you were too busy turning your tank manually to pay attention to an attack on the other side of the map. this game is almost 100% macro. there's very little fiddling with hotkeys and reaction buttons because your units do that for you. you get to focus on the front, all the strategy and tactics and that leads to really genuine military conflict where you actually want to lay ambushes and set up defenses and such. i've found myself knowing and using the maps in wargame MUCH more than i have in all the other real-time strategies i've played.really i just can't recommend this enough, it's a great game. wargame: red dragon is also pretty much just an upgraded version of this but it was a little too expensive for me at the time"
,Recommended,222750,11101247,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Michael,A very good game. Anyone who likes RTS will love this game.
,Recommended,222750,31285044,Posted: 21 April,all,Chance ◇,Reagan would be proud of my deck
,Recommended,222750,7838003,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,enigmatic,"Too many units to choose from, it's almost imposible to use them all. Many of each: Logistics, Recon, Tanks, infantry, IFVs, Helocopters, Tank destroyers, ATGM, and of course planes.  (yes lots of artillery too) If you're game to play war: keep your supply lines secure, Anti air close to cover, infantry supported/ supplied, planes in safe airspace, and tanks with the ammo and fuel to push. It's not about winning it's how you fight, you can loose while making your opponents sweat for every inch. Win a battle through attrittion or embarress your oppenent by breaking through their lines with outdated T-34s. Destroy countless M1a1 Abrams with the Su25 frogfoot mi-28 Havoc, or the famous A10 Thunder bolt and AH-64 Apache. It's your choice what kind of army you will put together, their is more than enough freedom in deck building. You can even try you luck fighting the mighty Soviet Union as Canada or even Denmark.  Enough hellfire missiles, cluster bombs, napalm, and rockets to go around.This game plays itself out as a survival guide to 21st century warfare, every lost soldier should be a painful lesson. Nothing  should be used as expendable and preserved to the best of your ability. The learning curve is steep (for some), once and if you learn to play, winning comes with careful and consistant play. Don't feel disheartened if your first few games your defence collapses to overwhellming force, or your push comes to bittering stall when your tanks run out of gas. Which become stranded easy targets for defending Atgm or attack Helocopters. Keep your recon well positioned to spot those sneaky delta force which could go un-noticed behind your lines with an airborne drop from quick Blackhawk helocopters. If you choose to learn from your mistakes you will be rewarded for your patience and quickly become tactful in your thoughts.Ranked mode is competetive at 1v1 level and Teams can be as well, however only if you prearrange for the ladders. Easy to make friends hard to find competent mates. Can play casual matches from 1v1 - 4v4 or even up to the crazy huge 10 v 10 mode. 10v10 is good to learn on, as you just need to try to win each engagement, or not collapse under pressure. Attrition can set in fast, make sure you have supply nearby. Overall, the game's multiplayer is solid. Keeps me coming back for more destruction.War is ugly and Wargame gives you a beautiful way to play war."
76561197982499921,Recommended,222750,30658452,Posted: 21 March,all,Dezus,"Wargame is very interesting.  I enjoy all the different ways I can lose a battle :P.  But really, the game is deep, engaging, and fun; while also being quite the spectacle even when playing.  The only knock is the inputs are largely unintuitive which, unnecessarily, adds  to the learning curve."
76561198039463406,Recommended,222750,8749772,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Shinzou O Sasageyo,http://cloud-3.steampowered.com/ugc/1047378331357511137/E81F61E0DF89F78822BFDF7AD457D24ACB4952B9/2048x1274.resizedimage
76561197991204202,Recommended,222750,9865342,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,skymedical,"Long time gamer, really enjoyed this, no bugs, smooth, very challenging, but winning is very possible, Well worth buying"
,Recommended,222750,30345611,Posted: 5 March,all,bottle,"Has pvp/coop campaign, which red dragon does not have.Try it out!"
76561198040827249,Recommended,222750,9412842,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,jacksonusa19,"The best RTS game i have ever played, matter a fact, its the best game i have ever played in my life..... Can't wait to see what they do with Red Dragon! Only hope my comp can handle! EUgen really made a piece of art with this game, very well excuted."
,Recommended,222750,9311913,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Stankata,"The game is outstanding! The developers outdid themsleves this time. Removing the unlockable units (in my oppinion) was a good move. The way this game truly shines is through multiplayer and with all the units you have now , you can have a balaced multiplayer match (of up to 20 people which is insane if I may add). The visuals are stunning. Every little detail is there. The armory has a unit for every one: You like tanks, well then, pick your poison. Don't like going in to battle but still want to help out the team? Choose from over a hundred artillery units (MLRS included). Still not quite your cup of tea? Then you have the option of goin on a infantry + air devisions (Planes or Helicopters, which ever you prefer, or maybe both). The truth of the fact is that I am a hardcore RTS fan, I am quite picky and prefer a game to have base building, but this, this just caters to all my cravings ( From the detailed description of units, to the smallest of visuals), even though this game does not have the base building element. Don't get me wrong, it is not like a match lasts 10-15 minutes, oh no no no, some maches may last up to an hour or even more, if both players have exspensive units that they wish not to lose so quickly. Strategic positioning is keen in this game. You can't just rush and expect to win. You must look the battlefield over and plan where to position your forces, distraction units and so on. There are plenty of maps that have wooded areas and cities in which you can hide units.All in all this game is one of the best RTS-es that I have played. I am only deducting ten points out of its score, because they are spliting it in to 3 games (Wargame:European Escalation, Wargame: Airland Battle, Wargame: Red Dragon). But hey this way I can enjoy every game as soon as possible right? So my final score on this game is 90/100! Great game I would definetly recommend buying it."
76561198114889897,Recommended,222750,23859793,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,students101,"I want to see this features in the next Wargame series.I wish that they have a features in multiplayer like; player can able to ""choose role"" function  if the player wish to command units like:Infantry role infantry with combat transport vehicles, recon vehicles & squad of course (for the players who wish to command infantry soldiers in multiplayer)Armor role (for the players who wish to command tanks and recon vehicles)Support role (for the players who wish to command Artillery vehicles, and Anti Air cover & recon vehicles)Air role (for the players who wish to command Attack helicopter, Recon Attack helicopter and Fighter aircraft)Not confusing isn't? this is what you called: Tactical Team Strategy game, World in Conflict style in Multiplayer.(anyway RIP world in conflict online)The purpose of this is that; if your teammates commanding tanks or Infantry and they busy on killing the enemy hostile, capturing command points in the battle ground, As teammate, your job is to protect or support them with Artillery, Attack helicopter and Fighter Aircraft for air strike fire support.player able to used ""symbol communication"" (Requests Menu)The Requests Menu contains a number of requests that can be sent to your teammates.Many of the requests require the player to select a location, for example; select the position where the artillery should be placed. The other players will then see an icon on that specific location.Requests Menu is an extremely powerful and effective way of communicating with other teammates.TO:Developer: Eugen SystemsPublisher: Focus Home Interactiveplease include this features next time you make a new series of wargame.It's up to you, if you listen to my suggestion or not.But I wish that you read my suggestion.That's all thanks."
76561198008041232,Recommended,222750,22226055,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Malet,"Wargame: Airland Battle is the Champion League of RTS.If you like fast action with light strategy elements that takes your hands and shows you how to win - Stay away from this.Neither the community nor the Gameplay that forget and forgive mistakes you made. Might scare some people off, but there is nothing more satisfying than a well executed attack."
,Recommended,222750,2017241,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Hagganz,Best Multiplayer RTS ever
,Recommended,222750,18039145,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,S H O T A C O N,I FEEL SO POWERFUL! :steamhappy:
76561198039667046,Recommended,222750,4604024,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Matty -Z-,The most realistic modern RTS game I have ever played. This was a great improvement from european escalation.
76561197970368379,Not Recommended,222750,23154852,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,zoo,"The timer is a complete immersion killer. This game has bags of potential to play for hours and hours -as it should using tactics etc. But who on earth thought up a clock in a (loose) military simulation that brags about ballistic damage,armor,fuel etc! I found myself just playing and getting so engrossed in it that i didn't even notice the clock. You want to build strategicaly not play 'rounds'.You can beat the AI by basicaly 'rushing' into sectors and flooding them with units, but the AI can and does cheat and it's that part that of the game along with the timer that just frustrates.Cannot recommend it because the player should have a choice."
,Recommended,222750,13169830,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Buttface,"I highly reccomend the game, but not the community. War Game seems to have attracted the absolute dregs of the internet to circle jerk about min-max tank strategies and MiG-17 strafing runs"
,Recommended,222750,15393253,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Minecraft is for Adolf,This game made me realize that Canada had a military!
,Recommended,222750,31929307,Posted: 23 May,all,-nyxus,"Might be harsh at times, but that just brings out the realism the game can offer."
76561198046195957,Recommended,222750,33062654,Posted: 30 June,all,TimShady,Solid game
76561198006919197,Recommended,222750,9012284,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Al Assad,One of the best realistic strategy games i have ever played.
76561197970821135,Not Recommended,222750,11088067,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,jaymondo,"A little bit disappointed, game seems quite hard to get into and I am a veteran of this kind of game. I will try again in the future, but have to be honest, I regret the purchase."
,Recommended,222750,1495473,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,]CIA[ Onearmy,"The first game (European Escalation) had a pretty fun multiplayer and an okay campaign. This time around the multiplayer is an absolute blast and plus with the added dynamic campaign for infinite replayability, I see no reason not to buy this game. As an added plus, owners of the last game get 25% off for the time being. If there is any time to get it, it's now."
76561198003262407,Recommended,222750,2161654,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,8 JAM,Get it...NOW!!!!!
,Recommended,222750,10377705,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,YO MAMA,this fricken game ROCKS
76561197960565074,Recommended,222750,10203214,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Cump,"The Wargame series is a visually impressive quasi modern day RTS. The focus is on unit command instead of base building or economic development. I'm personally a fan of games that move away from the building RTS genre. Notable games such as the Ground Control and Total War series come to mind. If you enjoyed those games and also have an interest in modern day combat, I would highly recommend the Wargame series."
,Recommended,222750,25568,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,moop,The problem with Wargame Airland Battle is that there aren't enough hours in the day to play!!!
76561198093487794,Recommended,222750,8329576,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mr. benteley,an exciting modern strategy game with refreshing and innovative gameplay
76561198079487175,Recommended,222750,9174178,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ghossfeld88,Lots of Fun
,Recommended,222750,8990803,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,corpsman-up,"Is this game hard?Yes.Is this game complex?Yes.Is this game fun?Hell yes.Very hard, complex, large learning curve, multiplayer core game that feels immensely rewarding when you win a match and when you lose leaves you with a feeling that makes you come back for more knowing you lost because of your mistakes, not because of cheap game mechanics. Would recommend."
76561198052164505,Recommended,222750,5573286,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Teh_Couch,"If you enjoyed the first one, rts games, or just explosions this is an awesome game!"
76561197971892054,Recommended,222750,21051477,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,LAKERA - MAUKAS TILANTEKOKONE,!!/10Best RTS available.
76561198024303263,Recommended,222750,3532658,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,WafelZ,really fun
76561198002965588,Recommended,222750,8977714,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Horus,you want a deep and exellent strategy game? get this game. Warning this game isnt like Starcraft or C&C you dont need to fast click to win but you need to think strategically manage your limited units and their resources
,Recommended,222750,7799638,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Kewbie,"One of the most unique real-time strategy (RTS) games I have ever experienced. The gameplay of the Wargame franchise allows you to experience the daily headaches of a general. These involve; sustaining logistic lines, ensuring your troops have enough supplies and setting up your anti-aircraft domes.The game provides quality realism of an escalated cold-war conflict. There are units up to the late 1980s. Only an experienced commander will utilise his limited arsenal of assets in order to achieve maximum efficiency, which is required to complete the objective. However a game does not come without faults; Wargame lacks a good tutorial, a reliable range indicator (unless you have targeted an enemy unit), and requires an extensive knowledge of real life military assets during the cold war era (1950-1991).Pros:- Strikes the ‘war-game’ experience (Imagine a general looking over a scaled diorama map, while moving chess pieces)- Realistic gameplay and units- Unique experience compared to other RTS- Very experienced basedCons:- Fairly steep learning curve- Requires a good understanding of real life military asset roles and functionality"
,Recommended,222750,6830153,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Prince Teclis,Very good game
76561198060117403,Recommended,222750,8607622,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Caledor,"If you like strategy.If you like a big battle ground.If you want someathing big, like 800 units to choose from. And if you like hard games ,with a lot of detail on unit stats and gameplay mechanics. Then this is a game for you!"
76561198080008425,Recommended,222750,10574275,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,THE MILKMAN,"Wasted all my planes trying to drop napalm on a UAZ 469, 11/10Rekomend.sorslor buy this gaem."
,Recommended,222750,9140249,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Justin|,Great Strategy Game~
76561197983664653,Recommended,222750,8975818,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,CoyoteNight,This game spoils all other RTS for me.
,Recommended,222750,8360600,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,childish sadbino,"Where to begin?12 countries, all individualy playable. You want a pure US deck? sure! You want to be a Czech nationalist? go right ahead. Any country is perfectly standalone and has every capability to be a winning force.800+ units. The amount of variety in this game is stunning.. I often spend more time browsing at my deck, making changes here or there, weighing up pros and cons before I actually even play.The gameplay is fun, and both PACT & NATO are balanced. Real world strategy applies here, If you can't perform a decent counter attack, your defensive line will be crushed. You can't maintain a prolonged assault if your flanks are open, fire & manouever. Your units will be worthless, crying babies if you let that napalm keep hitting your line, as their morale is broken. You need to continually manage your units ammo, supplies and maintain them via supply trucks and helicopters via convoys from your FOB.Best of all? if you're a 1v1 guy, that's fine. You fancy a 10v10 all-out war? fully do-able. This game gives you such a reward for completing even a minor objective goal, large scale or small conflict. For example - I offered to capture point Elena, and next to point elena is a town situated on a 4 way crossroad, with another point on the other side. Whilst I'd got my infantry in there, the enemy managed to rout me out via napalm & artillery, at which I had to withdraw to prevent losses. I got together some Delta Force in humvees & some Norweigan Stormers in M113's, got my teammates to assist creating a smoke blanket on one half of the town to cover my advance, and stormed the town back. Heavy casualties on both side, intense building-to-building fighting against entrenched Motostrelki + Spetsnaz, but we claimed victory after a good 15 minute fight. It's moments like these, that occur every game I play, that keep me coming back to play.Buy it. Srs."
76561197979918817,Recommended,222750,8914341,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,TanookiJack,"A solid almost-modern warfage RTS which breaks free of so many conventional RTS mechanics that it is noteworthy sheerly for its originality in design. Rather than stapling you to a set list of units for a specific side and following a metagame written out by some MLG koreans who can twitch click ""Flight of the Bumblebees"" zerglings in their sleep, this game lets you BUILD a faction from anywhere between 100-400 units per ""deck"". Not only that, but the pacing of the game is in this insanely good sweetspot between being slow enough to make the game feel more about macromanagement and being fast enough that the feeling of intensity and engagement never dies. Expect medium difficulty learning how to play multiplayer well with a long climb to mastery.I would not recommend ranked, the games there are just awful and usually just consist of exploits in unit balancing. The singleplayer is somewhat fun, but has a lot less to keep your attention. The real fun is in playing with friends, or players you synergize with well in-game. Pulling off a good ambush or attack never gets old."
,Recommended,222750,8982758,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Lyrics,"Like any RTS? This game has all you can hope for in spades, so just buy it!"
,Recommended,222750,7766902,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,conde_nasty,"This game is amazing. It's a real-time strategy but in the tradition of the great war games of old where you're worrying on a semi-tactical level. You can manage groups of infantry, groups of tanks, etc. and it really matters which direction the tanks are facing, it also matters if you have enough supplies for your troops.The campaign mode is really fun in multiplayer, and regular matches are also great. The AI is pretty good for both singleplayer and co-op games but you have to put it on Medium difficulty to really start feeling the pain. Sometimes the AI does some dumb things (or at least they seem dumb to me, maybe they're part of a grand strategy?).Customizing a deck of units is hard work but really fun and as you play you have to adapt and adjust your decks. Really fun game."
,Recommended,222750,9286632,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,sgteddy1212,This game is the bomb!
,Recommended,222750,8350482,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,50 Pence,"Very fun, if you like complex strategy. Very in-depth and well worth the $39.99. Jump on the discount while you can."
,Recommended,222750,6573774,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,SpeisCheese,Boom
,Recommended,222750,8977468,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,eb,war ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. 10/10
76561197978436385,Recommended,222750,11391953,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Graf von Mulch,One of the best RTS-Games ever. Period.9/10
,Recommended,222750,7420748,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Rabumabu,"Минусы:Слабая одиночная компания.Сложна для освоения.Плюсы:Подобное ведения боя в котором стратегически- тактический подход к ведению боя важнее чем быстрое принятие решений последний раз я видел в блитцкриге. Гораздо важнее продумать бой до его начала, чем делать некие манипуляции в самом бою.Мне лень писать, идите ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Игра хорошая, но лучше по сети. Планировка боя может занять больше времени чтом сам бой, притом порой и раза в 3 больше.К примеру в доте ты не планируешь бой перед его началом, всё придумываеться на ходу. Тут же перед боем карту следует хорошенько проработать составив свою тактику боя, огромное количество юнитов позволит использовать ланшафт самым разным способом."
76561198060183302,Recommended,222750,6156429,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Leinen4life,"You cant not tell me this game doesnt look fun or isnt good. #1 reason its made by Ubisoft (they made R.U.S.E.) #2 it has everything from jets to a infantry team of U.S. Marines and everything inbetween. #3 Look at the detail they put into the game, you can go into a town and look at the little swingset and the slides of a playground, then you look at the actual units in the game. Its amazing, they even have the Jaws on the Warthog. And finally how many different units they have, i mean everthing from the M1A1 Abrams to the russian rocket artillery that shoots napalm rockets! This game is absolutely amazing. Peace out."
,Recommended,222750,10050075,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Ruiner,Awesome game!
76561197991767353,Recommended,222750,8008807,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Jason . John,cant save when u want to so its to hard !!   dont bother
,Recommended,222750,10006816,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Ryan,get this game it is amazing
,Recommended,222750,10220316,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,HUSTLER,"If you like slow-paced military strategy games on a company sized level, this game might interest you.  I personally like playing against AI, either by myself or with friends.  The main thing that can kind of ruin the fun in the game is how command units are required to hold sectors; regardless if you have multiple platoons in the sector or not, if the commander unit is destroyed even by a single air strike, you've lost control of the sector and no longer gain benefits from it until another command unit is within that sector.  This makes the game focus more on hunting command units, rather than encouraging you to use strategies to overcome the enemy's forces.I bought this game for $40 when it first came out, but it doesn't really feel like a game worth that much.  However, for $20, it's definitely worth it if you like this kind of stuff."
,Recommended,222750,2112336,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Umiman,"It's better than the original Wargame, which on its own was already one of the best multiplayer RTSes out there. Highly recommended if you're an RTS junkie and love the thrill of command."
,Recommended,222750,8377715,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Frog,k
76561198007506036,Recommended,222750,8005593,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Die Bundeswehr,Loved it!!!
76561198008573453,Recommended,222750,7587119,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Godgiven,"Очень достойная игра. Особенно за такую цену. Пока действует скидка - брать ОБЯЗАТЕЛЬНО! Пропустите - что ж, лишите удовольствия.I advise this game to be purchased is nesessary, especially during this selling. Passing through you just deprive yourself a great pleasure you may get playing this game."
76561198127161449,Recommended,222750,15258833,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Exander,I really enjoy this game at first i thought it sucked but then i started playing multiplayer with people and it is amazing
76561198042993175,Recommended,222750,8000953,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Sheev Racer,"Amazing RTS, with great unit variety and a staggering amount of deck combinations, of all sorts, wheteher thye be infantry, armor, or even air based with heavy hitting aircraft to support your lack of ground troops."
76561198105649932,Recommended,222750,10392608,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,MS_Publisher,Epic game fun to play and just overall awesome
76561198029875002,Recommended,222750,3964287,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,Huzk,TEXTBOOK IKEA TECHNICAL SUPPORT
,Recommended,222750,1270009,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,SonicSidewinder,"Deep and Engaging.Tough and Intimidating.Fun and Rewarding!Best played to to 80's music to get you in the zone.I heavily suggest Frankie Goes to Hollywood's ""Two Tribes"".You will feel that Cold War temperature rise."
76561198034430513,Recommended,222750,8991516,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Skillz,"If your in to Rts games this is a must. No crazy DLC stuff has a random campaign and its challenging. Well If  you still  think this is not worth it well they added STUFF FOR FREE FOR YOU !      12 NATIONS, 750 UNITS , Thats a lot of stuff to blow up, maps to... ;)      ""drops mic""  ,  "" walks away""..."
,Recommended,222750,9005563,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,W.O.O.H.P. Agent J.e.r.r.y.,"Recommended for the true rts gamer, this game has a wide range of units available. The environment is beautiful and with the iris zoom engine you can zoom right into the action. Very tactical and not just some ''the one who has the most units will win'' game. If you love rts and modern military games, this is your game."
76561197960863685,Recommended,222750,57890,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Taxation without Representation,BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRT.
,Recommended,222750,2756303,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Gremlin,"This game really captures the socio economic issues of the late 80's while maintaining a fun and engaging gameplay. The history buffs will enjoy the accurate portrayal of the two faction(The Warsaw pact and Nato) in a fictitious timeline, but may also be displeased by the inaccuracies portrayed by military hardware used by the opposing factions.The gameplay  has been sped up from its predecessor(WG:EE) while still maintaining a strategy over speed mentatility. Some fans of the more Micro/Macro based RTS' might enjoy the very micro heavy gameplay while disliking the less macro oriented aspects.All in all, I believe this game to be a great history tool in portraying a world where warfare dominated the late 80's and early 90's creating somewhat of a ""what if"" scenerio all the while still containing great gameplay and solid controls(some adjustments might necessary to achieve a more traditional RTS based keybind pattern)."
,Recommended,222750,10495521,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,ATAG_Flare,"I just picked up this game, and I have to say, it's not your average strategy game. It is much more complex than something like Command and Conquer, and you need to be quite strategic in your strategies. You need to keep your units balanced, so just sending in a ton of tanks won't win the battle for you.The aircraft, AAA, SAMs, and choppers add a lot to the game too. (I absolutely love killing planes with hidden SAM trucks. Boom!) Transporting infantry is well implemented. And then the units. 800+ units from all different countries, all well modeled and animated.The gameplay is difficult, but rewarding, and is fun to master. Buy this game if you want a slightly more realistic RTS game that has tons of replay value and good multiplayer. (The 10v10 multiplayer is beast.)BUY THIS. It's a good deal, and you don't need to buy Red Dragon unless you want ships, and this is cheaper. Wargame: Airland Battle is a great game."
76561197978842136,Recommended,222750,10074326,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,paperbag,"An all round improvement over the original. Lots of strategy options and depth to the pro player as well as accessibility for everyone else! Only complaint is multiplayer connectivity, it is not forgiving...One dropped connection and your current game will quit. Heres to hoping Red Dragon has better net code."
,Recommended,222750,9001770,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,BrushLlife,"I like it, very fun."
76561198031220627,Recommended,222750,4043612,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,ide,"+ Great strategic and tactical depth+ Relatively historically accurate and well balanced at the same time+ Great game mechanics, dynamic gameplay+ Beatiful unit and map design+ Fun to play+ Fast balancing and correction patches+ Community-close developer team (Eugen Systems)- Lack of a proper advanced tutorial (which is definitely necessairy due to the complexity of the game)- Not enough advertisement? (Wargame needs more players!!)Highly recommended (9/10)"
,Recommended,222750,2234206,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Darth Marsuli,Guinea pig seal of approval.
,Recommended,222750,8045639,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Agent00Funk,"Superb game, massive amount of units and pssoible tactics. My only complaint is that it can sometimes get overwhelming and I really wish there were an active pause feature.. Some battles can turn into a long grind as well. I haven't had much time on multiplayer, maybe thta is where it is at, but this is a good game if you like massive battle over a large map."
76561198043884610,Recommended,222750,24801323,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,WarlordOfTheNorth,"""oh dady look! a shooting star""""now son i dont think thats a-""BURRRRRRRRRRRRRT"
76561198211253419,Recommended,222750,21819898,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,[DECAHELIX],"Awesome, absolutely proves a challenge for some RTS players and the combined arms gameplay is absolutely stunning! The fact you're allowed to control Joint-Ops in the air and on the ground is awesome as it already is. A very wide range of units to choose from, each mission has its own form of approach on how to take your enemy down. Every unit has a counter measure, even the fastest of jets and the strongest of tanks may find themselves put down but what might appear to be the least expected unit to be thrown against them. This game takes into mind many aspects such as recon, armour penetration, accuracy, morale and even on-field errors and setbacks such as an Optical Failure or a track breaking loose, hampering the movement or accuracy of a tank or vehicle. Not even Helicopters or Jets are safe from the dangers of on-field setbacks."
76561198026901526,Recommended,222750,3745265,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,D-A-C,"Wargame: Airland Battle is the sequel to the highly rated RTS Wargame : European Escalation, and I can honestly say, that it improves upon it's predecessor in multiple ways.For starters, as the name suggests, along the 361 different units available in the original all making their return, you can now take control of the skies with Cold War era Fighter and Bomber Jets, ranging from Russian Mig's to Allied F-14's and A-10 Warthogs. The introduction of these jets, plus lots of new tanks, artillery, infantry, helicopters and other vehicles and equipment from the Cold War Era means that there are now over 800 units featured in the game!If your sick and tired of traditional C&C style base building then Wargame:ALB is definately the game for you. You never need to build a single structure in order to get your favourite units and instead simply use points gained from holding key strategic territories in the multiple and vast maps to strengthen and replenish your existing forces.If you count yourself a fan of RTS's then this is simply a must buy.So what are you waiting for?Go ahead and enjoy the chaos and destruction of the Cold War turning hot and crush those Capitalist swines with the Soviet led PACT forces, or stop the Russian Bear in its tracks with the American led NATO coalition.No matter which side you choose, prepare yourself to have lots of fun!"
,Recommended,222750,1682713,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,matt92tau,"Uno dei migliori RTS degli ultimi tempi, l'unico che si svolge durante la guerra fredda.One of the best RTS of recent times, the only one that takes place during the Cold War."
,Recommended,222750,7577687,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,LostFriend,"Much better than European Escalation. Airland (as the name states) now has more ""air"" with the addition of jets. This is no game for scrubs though. This is a realistic, brutal, strategy game  that literally requires your full attention to detail like enemy troop movement as well as your own. Airland is better with friends, so find a battle buddy. Airland is brutal at times but is constantly imroving and with Red Dragon coming out soon, it'll be better to buy it now and get a feel for the game."
,Recommended,222750,9028741,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Need4Feed: ToastWanted,buy this game rite naow.... or i will kill your famiry
,Recommended,222750,9382263,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Kendji,Awsome Game! There is very few games that can rival Wargame in depth of tactics. For Anyone that like rts games this is a must have!
,Recommended,222750,9188157,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Smiggie Balls,"Awesome game, got it during the sale and havent put it down since!"
76561198035714824,Recommended,222750,7857895,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Stanley Hudson,Very good stradegy!
,Recommended,222750,8345231,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,maldoror,"Do you enjoy a slower pace & larger scale RTS? Than this is the game for you, I cannot speak much about the single player but I really enjoy playing this in 10v10 online battles, as the pace and size of the matches allows for a really nice flow to the game. Also this is a must if you enjoy cold war era settings and equipment as this game has it in spades. Think of this as an unnoffical Tom Clancy - Red Storm Rising the game, because that is what it is."
76561198069420906,Recommended,222750,8351543,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lafayette,Just get it. Please. I need to play this with someone.
76561197993978072,Recommended,222750,7999760,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Quinn,Tremendous game with high realism for a RTS. Love this era of weaponry.
,Recommended,222750,8297292,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Will,"I'd say Wargame: Airland Battle is the best realistic strategy game on the market at the moment. If you're interested in a serious strategy game then Wargame is for you, especially if you have an interest in the Cold War and how a European conflict between NATO and the Warsaw Pact would have turned out."
,Recommended,222750,8282216,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,The Notorious J.I.G.,"hell yes this game is awesome, probly the best RTS out there in terms of scale & realism. However don't get it unless your interested in a steep learning curve."
,Recommended,222750,8328875,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,FullAutoNinGyou,"If you liked Wargame: European Escalation, its predecessor, or cold war ""what if"" strategic-tactical simulation genre in general, this is one the finest (if not THE finest) products out there. Major step-up from Wargame: EE with introduction of fixed-wing aircrafts and updated arsenal. Can't miss."
,Recommended,222750,9037365,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,twitch.tv/555FrostLord555,"The game is at its best when playing with friends, but either way it is an amazing game due to the amazing visuals and being able to zoom all the way into the battle field and watch all the different units fight it out."
,Recommended,222750,9257337,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Angelztearx,"A deeper, more strategic game than I originally thought."
76561197995800655,Recommended,222750,8759009,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Ladies Man,"Im terrible at this game and love it, you can't just spam the cheapest units or the most expensive you actually have to use some tactics and positioning etc. fantastic game with fantastic graphics love it, 9.5/10"
,Recommended,222750,1379060,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,xthetenth,"Pretty much the pinnacle of deep but still fluidly playable Real Time Tactics games. Now with more stuffs, more solid interplays between unit types, more good combined arms fun and a total war style campaign that *gasp* involves total war."
,Recommended,222750,8978868,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Dainean,"It mostly feels like somewhat of a mix between World in Conflict and Ruse, which means that you do not have to trouble yourself with basebuilding, but that proper use of units is very important. However due to the sheer attention to detail, often complex mechanics and the games tendency to brutaly punish for mistakes, the learning curve can be a bit nasty.Still, the game is good fun, and I can recomend it."
76561198071553313,Recommended,222750,13247105,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Skyrimosity,"Fun, single-player is pretty solid. Single-player has just about zero replayability, though. Multiplayer is fun despite sometimes (rarely) not being able to find a game."
76561198007331235,Recommended,222750,2437296,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,MAD,♥♥♥♥ sake people seriously this game is epic
76561198030738767,Recommended,222750,8986428,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,SuboBuckaroo,"the amount of #'s that go into this game is amazing. if your afraid of another paper rock scissors strategy then rest assured this game lies at the exact opposite of that scectrum. Your units are only as good as you can concieve strategy for them. if you lose its your fault, not your units fault. there is no one way to play this game, it truly is the best RTS out there IMO."
76561197970736578,Recommended,222750,454564,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Jason,For people that like rectangles of all sizes.
76561198007017943,Recommended,222750,7577911,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Maiser,Best modern military RTS so far
76561198079486765,Recommended,222750,9780479,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Muhammad al-Hussein,"You've gotta get it. It's awesome. It's everything you want in a modern day RTS game. Red Dragon coming out soon, can't wait for it. It's going to introduce naval combat and will be set in Asia. It's going to be fantastic."
,Recommended,222750,17866626,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Antonius Candidus,"This game delivers a bigger scale and more realistic tactical experience than CoH. Less micro management and a very large unit selection keeps you entertained. You cannot win by spamming, you need to learn about the game in order to master it.Those are the reasons why I can safely say Wargame: Airland Battle is worth buying!"
,Recommended,222750,12261528,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,[GoC] Col. Mustard,"Wargame: Airland Battle isn't like your typical RTS and I think that's why I like it. Logistics and reconnaissance are given the attention and respect they deserve since battles aren't just about blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up and capturing territory, even if that's the ultimate goal. The only problem is finding like-minded individuals to give the game a crack due to it potentially being seen as too fiddly when compared to its mainstream competitors. Armchair generals should feel straight at home when playing this though and I can't wait to see the next Eugen Systems release after 2014's Wargame: Red Dragon."
76561198013777104,Recommended,222750,9315202,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,DraxxHun,Wargame Airland Battle is the most complex and realistic  RTS I have ever seen. The game has a steep learning curve and requires a lot of research and learnings before you start winning matches. But its rewarding. 800+ units with their own purpose means strategical depth and realism. Nato vs Pact battles in different modes. One of the best strategy games I have ever seen.Worth to try and learn it.
76561198050332019,Recommended,222750,21420884,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Full Spade,"This is by far the best war simulator out there.The graphics are beautiful, the maps are expansive, the units are diverse, and the models are unique and interesting.Multiplayer is very fun, but there is a very steep learning curve. And while on the topic of multiplayer: by now most of the community has moved on to Red Dragon (which I'll talk about after this), so it can take anywhere from 5 minutes to 40 to actually get a game going. That being said, there are perks to having a small community; it's great seeing people you know consistently on, and trolls and AFKs get blacklisted fairly fast. After a couple weeks of multiplayer, you will most likely know and recognize everyone by name and rank. My friend and I still immediately quit lobbies when we recognize someone who outmatches us by a large margin, and we kick the trolls.Now, about Airland vs. Red Dragon... Having played a decent amount of both Airland Battle and Red Dragon- the lattergenerously gifted to me by someone I met on Airland Battle!- I can confidently say that Airland Battle is the better of the two.There are simply several oppressive gameplay mechanics present in Red Dragon that don't exist as much in Airland. In Red Dragon, air power is severely weakened, artillery is way too strong, and infantry is near useless (several niche positions notwithstanding; scouts, sappers). There are several improvements in Red Dragon, of course. The menu is better, there is a naval aspect to the game, and there are ""Coalition"" options, as well as a couple + nations. Is that worth buying? Not really, not when 90% of the units in Red Dragon exist in Airland, and not when the gameplay is so frustrating.Eugene is a great developer who releases free DLC. Unlike EA, I gladly pay for their games, instead of pirating.Buy Airland Battle- you won't regret it."
76561197992696026,Recommended,222750,8368498,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sinur,Epic strategy game ~
,Recommended,222750,8992424,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Death_Sheep,"If you like strategy games, buy it.I just dealt with emplaced infantry in a warehouse complex by firing on the warehouses with cheap infantry and tanks, then dropping 4 Hind D's worth of Spetznas into the complex and took them out, causing them to retreat and securing the flank.And that was in the first 5 minutes.I wont say the game doesn't have its flaws. The learning curve is quite steep, and the tutorials are not exactly the best in the world; but man once you get the hang of it, its great fun."
,Recommended,222750,7410313,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,M.O.Z.G,"The perfect game for all fans of tactical RTS, military equipment, history, and highly detailed game world. The feel of the game is totally worth all spent money and time. Just run it, and enter the lobby, you will immediately feel, if this game takes place in your heart and mind."
76561198235699948,Recommended,222750,25473332,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,GottMitUns,"Difficult but rewarding, this is the game to get if you want to get the feeling of managing a faction in total war minus the complexities of grand strategy games. Be prepared for a steep learnig curve tho.9/10 would invade Scandinavia and wipe out NATO again."
76561198103057437,Recommended,222750,25653694,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Pastor Young,"Absolutely amazing!!! Gameplay is addictive, the AI is difficult, Comand and conquer on crack"
76561198061652531,Recommended,222750,10108221,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Kaiser,GET THIS THIS IS AMMMMAZZZEIIINNNNNGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198092316356,Recommended,222750,7385999,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Bavar,Brilliant fast paced RTS. Can take a little while to get the hang of.
76561198065051657,Recommended,222750,8952454,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Clint Westwood,"Wargame in my mind is one of the best RTSs I have ever played.The game is set in the Cold War Era with the NATO forces fightning PACT forces. The game involes some strategy and a good deck of units. You can't just spam a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of units and hope to win,you actually have to think about your desicions.If you are looking for a good RTS then you will love this game."
,Recommended,222750,9029933,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Chicken,lots of attention to small details.Positives---------Massive unit varietyStrategy is actually neededAwesome graphicsLots of attention to small details----------Negatives----------Quite hard to get into at first
,Recommended,222750,8977778,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Michael,"This is a ""Must have game"""
76561198068249660,Recommended,222750,10327611,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Duzzins 米軍,you can♥♥♥♥♥♥around and crush your enemies with superior german engineering
,Recommended,222750,8312186,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,cozmaz,"So much fun, even when you're terrible at it."
76561198034180975,Recommended,222750,9221694,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,badlands122,Very real.
76561198069597155,Recommended,222750,9555029,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Fakefortune,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,222750,30020401,Posted: 18 February,all,Col.BuckShot,Good game just not for me. Reminds me of the old Command and Conquer games. If thats the type for you though this game will be right up your alley. Great graphics and great gameplay.
,Recommended,222750,15706813,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,capitalistnorthkorea,we were soldiers simulatordefended a stupid hill in a forest against some weird russian things and survived because i had a large end charge11/10 would play again
,Recommended,222750,8726705,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Slingblade,Buy this game you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s its really good
76561198021572720,Recommended,222750,10624230,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mr.Republican,Awesome RTS worth everypenny!!!
76561198018664670,Recommended,222750,10668488,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[51st]Pvt_Skr33cha,"buy it, really intense quick games. deep strategy."
,Recommended,222750,30897995,Posted: 2 April,all,and your mind breaks the spirit,Definently worth of a try.However it gets some time to get used to.
,Recommended,222750,11296504,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Golfballs,Good game.
,Recommended,222750,11963159,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,avvy,"a fairly sensible, large scale, semi realistic depiction of WW2 - Cold War era military engagement"
76561197969320416,Recommended,222750,7770041,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Barker Ashpaws,The best RTS which is why no one plays it.RIP
,Recommended,222750,8021948,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,[NDC]Octane,10 times more superior than European Escalation.  This game makes R.U.S.E seem like a trip to DisneyLand.  Get it and let's play!
,Recommended,222750,11997469,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,VaguaR,"This is a really amazing strategy game. Much more better than European Escalation, although from the first look you can't say that there is a lot of difference between the two. Still, there is. I am so carried away with the game I do not my 5 euros at all. Very good worth for money.For me the only drawback is the soundtrack and the scale: both could have been much more epic. Anyway, it is recommended to any strategy lover or soldier wannabe."
,Recommended,222750,8026894,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,max.eisert,"After my biggest disappointment (Total War - Rome II) I had my biggest pleasant surprise when I discovered Wargame AirLand Battle. The campaign mode made me buy this game and not Company of Heroes (which lacks such a mode). I did not regret it. It is not an easy game to get into and I prefere WWII but Cold War is also not bad and the game is very realistic (line of sight, realistic strength/weaknesses of units, logistic considerations, etc...). I only played it for 9 hours but I'm already hooked. I didn't buy my new computer for nothing after all."
,Recommended,222750,8359674,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SkywarpGreer,The 2nd release of Wargame including jets and more nations. Its very tactical and real yet can be very frustrating with camping team mates.
,Recommended,222750,12042391,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Maurox,This game is really fun and I would recommend it to every strategy and modern warfare fan out there!
76561198016839744,Recommended,222750,11978607,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,Fun and Very Nice Looking Game tho i think it's pretty hard maybe because i have only played it for half an hour
,Recommended,222750,11970212,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Squids have curves,One of the best RTS I had the opportunity to play.
,Recommended,222750,8338149,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Regergek,This is one of the best RTS games that has come out in the last few years.If you liked Ruse or World in Conflict you'll love this.
,Recommended,222750,13274789,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,TheVoiceOfTravis,"my buddy who convinced me to buy this beat me over 100 times at it... one time I beat him he cries and says im cheap...12/10 because the enjoyment i felt from his tears,, Suck it Manuel and EAT MY FLEET OF HELICOPTERS"
,Recommended,222750,33103332,Posted: 1 July,all,legatard,So god damn good. That's all I can say.
76561198271689399,Recommended,222750,30869171,Posted: 31 March,all,OoOOOooOof,"Send in a helicopter.""blah blah it got shot down""Send in another onededAnother one,Another oneLose the game...Best RTS game ever. 11/10"
76561198044446712,Recommended,222750,17717939,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,JimmyBobJoeBob,STEP 1: Deploy Troops in starting zone.STEP 2: Move out troops.STEP 3: Charge their right flank.STEP 4: Retreat to cover left flank because your ally has no idea how to play.STEP 5: Retreat to cover right flank because ally does a horrible job covering right flank now that you are covering left flank.STEP 6: Repeat steps 4 & 5 until back at starting sector.STEP 7: Lose game because of lack of deployment points and not enough units and your enemy has too many units!11/10 Would lose to cover left flank again.12/10 Would lose to ally bombarding my troops with artillery.
76561198039798712,Not Recommended,222750,13209037,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Axe99,"Note - this is not recommended for SP - there's better and far more realistic RTS games available (not being able to issue orders while paused, and an insanely sped-up gametime (real battles involving brigade-strength units are rarely over in 20 minutes!) mean that as a SP RTS it's limited (as is the lack of a tailored campaign, with the single player game being limited to tutorials and skirmishes thrown together in a 'dynamic campaign').  Fortunately, Eugen's sequel, Wargame: Red Dragon, provides time controls and is a far better single player experience, and well worth a look.However, for a fun, tactical MP RTS it shows a lot of potential and well worth a look.  It's just not my thing, and the game is advertised as both single-player and multi-player, and I'm reviewing this for it's SP content, which is lacking, and not near as ""impressive in solo play"" as the marketing suggests.  It's not terribly, mind, but the inability to give orders while paused, and the requirement of most maps to maintain multiple axes of advance, just turns it into yet another arcade RTS clickfest, cancelling out the benefit of what are very good underlying unit and combat models."
,Recommended,222750,7768362,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Stadl0r [No. 4],A must play for those interested in a tactical strategy game in the heir of the Close Combat or Total War Series
76561198050036946,Recommended,222750,8104917,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,community s e r v i c e,"Cool units, great maps, fantastic battles"
,Recommended,222750,17391035,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,th0ma5,"This game is a very good rts that requires quite a bit of tactical play as well as strategy and unlike more traditional rts games this game focuses more on tactics than actions-per-minute or unit spamming.Before each battle you must select a deck of units which you can customise to suit your play style. Initially it is a bit overwhelming because of the sheer amount of units to choose from so it's best to start with any custom deck and fine tune it after every battle as you learn more. Eventually you could have different decks to suit different strategies and maps. It's a lot of fun creating a deck, previewing the units and checking out their stats.The graphics and effects are amazing but during a battle you probably won't get much chance to see them in all their glory. However if you win a good game make sure to play back the replay and you can view the action up close and personal.Multiplayer seems to be where this game is at it's best and although a lot of the player base seems to have moved onto it's successor Red Dragon you can still get a game in most times. There are also single player campaigns and a skirmish play mode too. Overall I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,222750,7803436,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Comr4de,"Wargame: Airland Battle is a distinct improvement over European Escalation. That said, there are obvious balance issues that the dev team can not (or will not) address. That said, access to aircraft really does fix many of the issues with EE (undefeatable ATGM/SAM nests, imbalance between newer and experienced players). Great game, lots of fun. The dynamic campaign is neat but lacks personality."
76561198092128785,Recommended,222750,8760250,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Z3NTH0R,"this is perhaps one of the greatest rts modern military command simulator i have ever played.there is a almost unending set of combinations you can use...a quick example is you can take a u.s. m1a1 abrahms assault tank and put it will russian kgb opratives,and might as well throw in a german motar team."
76561198104087937,Recommended,222750,8528120,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Brezzy,One of the best rts I evered played
76561198012848192,Recommended,222750,8326233,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Naked Wolf,"Love it, one of my favorite RTS games of all time"
,Recommended,222750,8308926,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SuperDuck1337,dis gam r teh kollest gm of al tim evar
76561198069764671,Recommended,222750,8664051,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Thistleton17,"I will reccomend this game to anyone who likes a game about war. However, like all games it has its flaws. Make sure you have friends to play with or you are matched with very hard opponents. With a selection of 5 engaging and generally fun coop and solo campaigns, a lot of maps and units to play with and a very fun multiplayer, its fair to say that the game does NOT lack content. All wargame fans want and need now is a more modern variant. With wargame: Red Dragon just around the corner can it deliver. I would personally love a 1990-2010 wargame."
,Recommended,222750,19239859,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Robster,"One of my all time favs! Decent sound and graphics, but principally because of the great gameplay this game is a addiction."
,Recommended,222750,9542974,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Mozzius,Really really really good! You should totes get it! Just watch the trailer and you'll understand!
,Recommended,222750,9758111,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,mardavrio,"Jeez , I've jumped into a 'p'review here before reading any other Steam reviews (and hence otherwise being influenced) . In a nutshell it's a game that you need patience to learn with such a steep learning curve ( I haven't even bugun to ascend onto the second rung  on said arc ).I came here from Company Of Heroes and Civ games and even a lot of Starcraft (mostly campaign be it granted).Personally I've found it sooo much tougher to get to grips with compared to those  afore-mentioned games, but boys-a-boys does it look like one hell of an amazing game . Now know where I'm aiming to sink all my spare PC gaming hours into from now on.This is a grown up game for grown ups.Anyone thinking this is some sort of second rate ,dumbed down RTS ...be prepared to be flabbergasted.I aim to keep updating this preview as I progress through the game ."
76561197964584239,Recommended,222750,9065294,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Word,Live your Warsaw Pact dreams in the best RTS released in the last few years.
76561198108734846,Recommended,222750,9011792,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,ACarroll,"Excellent game.  Incredibly detailed and authentic NATO and Warsaw Pact units, right down to the uniforms.  There's a bit of a steep learning curve for players new to the game, but you can figure it out.  Great stratgeic gameplay, even on a mac!"
,Recommended,222750,9312102,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,SuddenDeath,"Its the best rts game so far! All the units you can buy and the brain you need is so realistic! And the also make free dlc's.The maps are both small and large 1v1 - 10v10. the explosives, damage, water, trees is perfactly balanced, and it have alot of countrys included. If i were you, i would have bought it!"
,Recommended,222750,8744012,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Nicholas,great game if you like tatics
,Recommended,222750,8978131,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Capt'n Freddy,Dis♥♥♥♥♥♥ dis♥♥♥♥♥♥is gud
,Recommended,222750,8481449,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Aki,"Brilliant game! I'd really recommend it for any of you big military commanders out there, me being one of those good old warhammer tabletop commanders fell in love with the Wargame games especially this one as it combines fast paced RTS with the ""realistic"" elements of the military world.But be warned, this game is no where near easy and it can be hard to pick up at times, its best to experiment with different ""decks"" and try new things all the time. I for one am quite patriotic and end up sticking with my UK deck a lot but there will be times when I just want to start another rivalry with one of my friends so I'll jump over to the pact side! Its deffinately a game to play with friends.Oh and... please for the love of all kami, learn about some military units please! And don't start asking; ""Whats the best tank?!"" They're all the best! You just need to know how to use them alongside other units!"
76561198047638436,Recommended,222750,8687558,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,The Cardiovascular System,This a review. A positive review. You are welcome.
76561198120476642,Recommended,222750,9387862,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Spectre,Fun Probably the best Modern Day RTS At the moment
,Recommended,222750,8979134,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Lando97,Why does nobody play this??? This game is amazing. One of the best RTS ever
76561197970953357,Recommended,222750,479640,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,Rigimortis,So amazing my erection lasted 3 days...
76561198054260005,Recommended,222750,18388647,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Rabid BaneCat,"Ok........This is a really good game...graphics are very smooth on the eye and excellent. The interface is easy to use, the game play is easy to pick up, but that's where the fun ends........Because s**t gets real!!!!It is not a game where you can just plop units down and say they are better than the enemies as you will get annialated.It took me hours of practising which unit is best for what.....airstrikes are not always the answer!!!You need to strike a balance of what you place out and always look at what the enemy has got, if you recon them, you can build a strategy straight away. It's impossible with a squadron of aircraft to decimate infantry and Tanks, like a mechanised infantry unit, because they'll be heavily protected by SAM and AAA emplacements.A good start is to build a wall of defence, with air support and a few tanks hidden in trees but overlooking your zone. infantry and support with artillery fire. Experiment with formations. Lose the plot, Lose the war. I did several times!!!The main campaign in the game is split into 4 missions, but they are really long winded missions that take a hell of a lot of planning. You start of in the map overview where you get to choose what units you can use, whether to re inforce the units etc....Then once your units and the AI units have moved into the same zone the war begins!!!!This game is also excellent in co op campaign mode.Would highly reccomend this game to anyone with interests in military RTSNow where are those Air units going???????"
,Recommended,222750,8994434,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,RazGriz,best games For Modern warfare RTS!!
,Recommended,222750,12634343,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Juju,Is rlly gud 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,222750,13433996,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Emperor Banzai,"well im not gunna lie i've played rts games sincei was a kid and after finally getting a decent pc i've got this. My god its like any rts i have ever played. Despite it being hard whn you first play it as i had no idea what the heck i was doing, after a few hours starting to get the jist.Pro's: massive maps4v4 games ( can be with or without ai)a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of vehcles which are all real units with real specs!several game modes, ( destructin is a favourite)highlty detailedeach game is completly different so it won't get dullexplosions everywhere!!Cons:the only main one is not having infite units which is good and bad. Good so you don't spam op units bad side is once there dead, they are dead and you may have a few spare.needs more explosions!I am still amazed at how this game is its just amazing and mind blowing. If you are wiling to learn how to play it decent then i highly recommend it!!(9.0/10"
,Recommended,222750,12962934,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Wigimina,"Briliant Game.Very in depth Warfare simulator, simultaneously complex and simple with a wonderful deck building mechanic that I personally can just spend hours in, and have."
76561198059539155,Recommended,222750,8834308,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,retype_password:12345,eszdvgezaq
,Recommended,222750,920971,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,HAN'NYA,"Fog of war, Ammunition management, more than 300 unit types ranging from 12 Nations, Freedom to build your own army setup, Jets and Airstrikes are controlled by you, Game modes, New units, 10 vs 10, BIG MAPS.Gameplay: 10/10 Outstanding!!!Graphics: 9/10 Moody!Mutiplayer:10/10 With friends its a knock out!http://store.steampowered.com/app/222750Get this game you won't be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,222750,14340583,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,=37th= minepagan,"If you do not have any games of the WARGAME series, this is a good one to start with. That's because it has good tutorials, a cheap pricetag, and has enough features to keep you playing."
,Recommended,222750,1208588,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,ComradeWinston,"This game is pretty much European Escalation, minus the unit unlocking, add in jets, make it look prettier, probably add some more units, throw in a campaign mode and tada you have Airland Battle.Its a decent game, can't really complain. It just takes a bit to get a general solid understanding of. I still suck at it regardless but even so it can still be a bit of fun here and again."
,Recommended,222750,7771503,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,LozZA,Gr8 Game
76561198046242195,Recommended,222750,9376908,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Mustard Truce,I have played Wargame for a while now and i absolutely love it i strongly recommend this game to other RTS fans
,Recommended,222750,10547000,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Big Boss,This game makes my wee wee hard. But the lame AI makes it limp again 9/10
,Recommended,222750,8315267,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ajaarg,"This game is difficult and unforgiving, but if you played World in Conflict and said ""I wish this were less of an arcade RTS and more of a wargame, and had less of a boring, plot driven story"" then you'll love this. Also if you like the idea of a dynamic campaign map (a la total war) that isn't fastened to a garbage pseudo-civ model.It's only real flaw is that there is no grand campaign mode--just several different strategic maps for the northern europe region). I greatly wanted to lead the USSR to glorious victory over the capitalist NATO pigdogs, but alas, it was not to be in this game.Still higly recommended."
,Recommended,222750,33172909,Posted: 3 July,all,WessaBerry,"A true modern day based stratergy that requires plenty of time to maser, but a great acheivement when done so"
76561198084716605,Recommended,222750,31613174,Posted: 7 May,all,Welsh,I enjoy playing this game not for the tactics but for the immense explosions and tank spam.
76561197984953336,Recommended,222750,8100625,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,deece16,"After some time playing this game, I'm met with kind of mixed emotions. I love a realistic war game. This game is that, but to a point. I would rather it be 100% realistic, or as much as it could be versus just making it balanced. They've taken away some of the realisim for the sake of game balance. I also realize that this would make the game less fun, as no one likes to loose all the time.So, is the game good? Absolutely!But it's a stratagy sim, not the most realistic war game ever made as some have claimed. But very fun to play nonetheless."
76561198059340758,Recommended,222750,26537889,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cyklope,"Learn to play tactic and strategic!★★★★★☆☆☆☆☆Pros- Good graphics- Nice music and sound effects- Huge number of units for both sides- Challenging strategic map at timesCons- Difficult gameplay not handful enough, especially with infantry and heavy artillery units- Lacks help and useful tips- Lacks flexible in-game pause- Tactical encounters too shorts (maximum length 20 mn)This game could have been much better if some specific details had been mastered such as time left to player in order to manage its units once encounter has started. You often lack time and barely can't react because of too aggressive and quicker acting AI."
76561198164432465,Recommended,222750,33688596,Posted: 20 July,all,Boinion,Super fast paced with a good deal of stratagy to make games very fun. Good learning curve for pros and easy enghough for new players to get the hang of.
76561198018740774,Not Recommended,222750,22986320,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,HeroMutalisk,The stupid 30 minute timer kills it for me. if the game didin't have a timer like that i would love it. but i can't love it due to it.
,Not Recommended,222750,13837142,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,prokophapala,"This game is way too fast for solid realistic tanctics. It looks like reailistic just on the skin ( with all detailed unit types ), but at the end it is just crazy run like C&C Generals or Starcraft.  Very bad THERE IS NO PAUSE or no time control unlike in other serious strategy games. It is almost impossible to manage so many units with detailed micro management required ( puting them to bush ). At the end it is not about tactis, but just about clicking fast enought to keep paste with computer :(. There is also no save in tactical battles. I think European Escalation was much better.From technical point of view there is also problem in Linux with nVidia GPUs, which cause the game to freeze. And technical support of developers does not respond to this issue."
76561198007555742,Not Recommended,222750,15843321,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Nihonsean,"Awful. There might be a great game here, I have no idea. The tutorials are pure crap. You spend more time looking in other places on how to play the game than actually playing the game.Complete waste of money and time."
76561198043537931,Not Recommended,222750,19378722,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,dpc,"This game riddicolously innacessable for no good reason. In single player there's no pause, no speed control, no helpful toolltips about units and UI, etc. I'm not an experienced  RTS gamer, but why can't I just pause and have some time to think when issuing orders to check what weapon this particular tank have? I don't have hundreds of hours of free time to learn everything, memorize each unit, just to be able to enjoy it.Sure, the game looks good, but the UI is just clumsy and feels very unnatural, BTW.I wish I could return it, but I've already spent enough time, trying to learn something from tutorial. Money wasted for me."
,Recommended,222750,5391811,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,The Cure,"A great RTS, and maybe the best tactical military sim ever created. At least on this scale. Get It!!!"
76561198006597549,Recommended,222750,9128533,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,josephmcmullin,"This is a fantastic mix of tactical RTS covering the semi-modern military genre. You can zoom out to the edges of the map for a strategic and tactical view of the battlespace, and zoom right into the individual A-10 making a strafing run on those powerful USSR T-80's bearing down on you.Aircraft, tanks, helicopters, recon, infantry, IFV's, artillery...of all shapes sizes and variety.Are you American? Use the American unit group and get access to the stealth bomber, many nationalities have their own prototpye units.Single player game is a bit bland and borning, where this game is...is in the multiplayer.You can go head to head against one player, or be part of the MASSIVE 10vs10 matches. Hundreds and Hundreds of units duking it out.If you like tactical RTS...BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,222750,8308144,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Terak,How many NATO scum you have killed today?
76561198052746295,Recommended,222750,12850753,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,wessberg1908,Best. The best.
,Recommended,222750,12502959,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,S U N D O W N   S Ä L,hard as ♥♥♥♥ but fun as hell
76561198080396756,Recommended,222750,14615533,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MACHO MADNESS,i love this game
76561198093826511,Recommended,222750,18115310,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,SALTY WHALE,cause its beast
76561198059625524,Recommended,222750,27274447,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wassersäufer,p. gud.
76561198112390075,Recommended,222750,25369226,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Your Average Gopnik,"The warsaw pact units are very repetitive, other than that the game is great!"
76561197987174692,Recommended,222750,1120434,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Nats,"I have never been a big fan of real time strategy games. After trying Age of Empires, World in Conflict and Supreme Commander type games I never considered myself a great fan of having to rush building units, dashing them to the front line and then endlessly mass firing at enemies who are doing the same thing.But this game is nothing like that!There is real strategy involved in scouting out areas with Gazelle helicopters and Warrior scouts before sending in your MTBs and infantry. I love the way the armour and penetration are protrayed - you can see the shells bouncing off the Abrams hull armour. And then you get realistic things like infantry getting panicked under fire, but managing to be deadly against tanks that are stupid enough to wander through infantry defended villages.This game is just so addictive, the graphics are superb especially low down - not that you have much timem to watch them, and the command GUI is really well designed. The enemy AI is very good at both defending and attacking, but even better is multiplayer - this game is completely fluid between the solo and multiplayer modes - I havent been much of a multiplayer gamer before but that could well change.If you have ever wanted to play the Close Combat games in real time with modern units or the Total War games set in the modern day, this game is it."
76561198062287240,Recommended,222750,27637934,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fish Jackson (Hakul),Napalm op plz nerf
76561198092532766,Recommended,222750,13313593,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,HappyHappyPoop,Wargame: Airland Battle IS A Game To Die For! The tiem of battles are logn but also is waiting but when a battle starts your sure not to stop! 89/100
,Recommended,222750,14614269,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Natgpower,Aswesome game! 10/10!
,Recommended,222750,9675634,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mogami76,"Wargame Series.... Once you fight through the initial learning curve, you come to realize the pure pleasure that this game really is. HIGHLY recommend the training missions!!!!! Even rerun them a couple of times!!!! Wargame is a fun and gorgeous military rts game that lets you play with some of the most current military hardware. While I disagree with some of the devs ratings on some of the vehicles, none the less it is blanced & fun to play. HIghly recommend for any real military rts gamer."
,Recommended,222750,8979965,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Khaste,"I am an RTS fan-boy and this is perhaps the most badass RTS I've ever played, I would highly recommend this game to anyone willing to try it. Only thing to keep in mind, the game has a massive learning curve, more like a learning cliff, but you end up with new knowledge and improved/honed skills so it's totally worth it"
76561198064549727,Recommended,222750,8357015,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Thermite,Great game.Very Friendly CommunityDetaitled UnitsGLORIOUS T-34
76561198070800719,Recommended,222750,10892091,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ace529321,"Absolutely great game that satisfies a massive chunk of my RTS crave.Intense battles with massive attention to detail ( terrain, direction, Line of sight, optics, targeting systems etc..)This game is greatly builtNot perfect but very near it9/10"
,Recommended,222750,14505310,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,KantaiTwi~~ -chan,10/10 Really great RTS game
,Recommended,222750,15336680,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Cheytac,great game
76561197978414125,Recommended,222750,789811,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,RWG Big,"This game is fun, but I really like At War better...."
76561198086635752,Recommended,222750,9188219,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,thelocaltrash,great game. i like game!
,Not Recommended,222750,21167625,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,SwatBolt,gave me a actvation code that dosnt work
,Recommended,222750,8316955,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,kingcuz,So so sos os os sos s sos so ss soososo zsoss so s GOOD if you like RTS games that are different to that of StarCraft and Command and Conquer then this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥for you...
,Recommended,222750,9357489,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,MajinKai,"Even better than the first game, without all the tedious unlocking of units."
,Recommended,222750,775333,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,CyberKiller,Good tactical RTS with no annoying base building.
76561198062800797,Recommended,222750,7999611,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,stone2737,FUN FUN FUN
76561198028064753,Recommended,222750,9959147,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,DaGhost52,Love it. Much better than the first game.
76561198093602667,Recommended,222750,9212917,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,GreyDog58,"The best RTS game from my experience, sure you have people wasting 2 jets to find your command VHC but still a great game!"
,Recommended,222750,12767589,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Ladislav,Amazing multiplayer if you love RTS/Wargames
,Recommended,222750,261263,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Rusty Shackleford,Play this game if you ain't a busta.
,Recommended,222750,2381247,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,Neworder,hours l8er a must have lot better than the first
,Recommended,222750,14451473,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Grzegorz Brzeczysczsykiewicz,"Even though I only have about 21 hours in experience in Wargame Airland Battle, (As of the time I'm typing this) I can see that this is a very great game and a very good one for RTS lovers. It has a, ""Total War: 1985"" feeling to it, as it shares a lot of characteristics with total war, but with a higher learning curve. And not just some, ""Oh, new game. Better see what to do,"" its like dumping all of your experience in other games to adapt to this one. It is a very confusing game at first, and a lot would not get into the game at all. But for some RTS lovers, like me, it would be a strategical fiasco of combat. With so many units, and with soooo many stats for the units, its a very balanced game. You got tanks, that can be countered by airplanes, which could be countered by AA, which could be countered by infantry, which could be countered by helicopter, which could be countered by AA, which is countered by tanks. You get the gist. It has a very big, rock, paper, scissors, feel to it as you play. In the end, great game."
76561198005915559,Recommended,222750,8324800,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,"Richard Helms, DCI",BREDDY GUD
76561198027530553,Recommended,222750,8394237,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lem,"this is the best rts ever, best graphics rts game iv seen really good units and online battles are chaos!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,222750,9202441,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Sergeant Sloppy,Had good fun with Ed and Smithy...... Owning Soviet scum 8/10
76561198020565468,Recommended,222750,9273999,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,The privileged capitalist,so many options so much decisions what do you do when the enemy charges at you with 2 mi 24s and an 4 t72s its this kind of stuff thats just wants you playing more and more till youve beat the campaign twice and made sure each and every one of your enemys has died in a hole.this is what strategy games wish they were.cant wait till red dragon
76561198114318129,Recommended,222750,11995872,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Markbebe of Eidskog,"This is awesome, got it on a sale for 4,99€, just awesome.Why I bougth this rader than Wargame Red Dragon is because the naval sems unfinished, and mostly because I live in Norway, it is not that fun to play in Asia when I know that in the previous game is set to Scandinavia (where I live). Another reason is that I can play as Scandinavian countrys witch I found fun and enjoying.10/10"
,Recommended,222750,7814917,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Gens,Not for the unintellectual gamer.
,Recommended,222750,28731129,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Now Thats a Supply Drop,Fun to play to kick you're friends butt and just relax
,Recommended,222750,1869459,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,EliteOps1,Pretty ace ♥♥♥♥in' sweet game if you aren't a retard.
76561198008726575,Recommended,222750,8585244,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,XxMLG-King-SkopezxX,"I feel that the planes sort of brings this game back a few paces from the last game because I find that the majority of the time I am being spammed with cheap bombers that pick at my defensive/offensive line. I use AA sure, but the panes out weigh my AA and this makes me feel that the planes should be more moderated. However I do think that this adds more variation to the factions, unique units and new tactics it brings to the table but despite this it still only has a few bad maps in the selection. This is just my opinion shortly summerised. I'm sure some people will disagree but I fount it hard to continue through the game without having any fun. It's an interesting game but no real advancements in gameplay that is any more interesting than the last.6/10"
76561198048098140,Recommended,222750,9016259,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Emperor Palpatine,"A great strategy game, single player isnt that good as the timer is too short for a battle but the online is awsome with friends as you can set the time and the objectives."
76561197960892148,Recommended,222750,8298980,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Teh Shaz,
76561198018407171,Recommended,222750,10419155,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Johnny,i like scrabble
,Recommended,222750,8010547,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,tian tian (JPN),♥♥♥♥ yeah. planes n♥♥♥♥♥
76561198083026552,Recommended,222750,10922419,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Cloudyman3,I love this game its amazing
76561198119692299,Recommended,222750,17110140,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,DON MAGA,This game would be 10/10 if i knew how to play it9.9/10
,Recommended,222750,29201096,Posted: 12 January,all,Pesticyde,So hard to play. even the ai is so pro
76561197998352763,Recommended,222750,9243793,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,JimmyK,"Great RTS , Wide selection of units to deploy, fantastic graphics, would reccoment 10/10"
76561198059979562,Recommended,222750,9542686,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Reaper1590,"A Brilliant RTS game, great for playing if you want to go out and command a modern army. only bested by the newer version Red Dragon, but still one of the best RTS i have ever played."
,Recommended,222750,7862140,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Forimar,"This game is the gayest thing I have ever had the pleasure of playing. How anyone can like this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game and play it longer than 5 minutes is beyond me. The graphics are horrible, the playerbase is garbage, and the metagame revolves around homos who play this game for 11 hours a day and suggest balance changes to the devs while simoltaniously sucking their♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can see how the game is so bad, because from experience, that level of multitasking is hard. However, that does not excuse this piece of ♥♥♥♥ing french fry created ♥♥♥♥♥tain stillborn baby of an RTS. I would not buy this game, let alone the sequel Wargame: Red Dragon™ if those ♥♥♥♥ up in Eugen HQ paid me. I suggest that you do the same."
76561198185052675,Recommended,222750,30318871,Posted: 4 March,all,Wayneston Churchill,I love this game. Very realistic. One time i had 8 MK10 Cheiftens defend a road against 12 or so Warshaw Pact tanks. Needless to say those tanks didn't make it. But this opened up a key road I drove all the way to their deploy zone. 9/10.
,Recommended,222750,8313619,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Veteran of Forum Wars,"Its WEE, but better. Only sad thing is that this game's gonna be dead when the sequel is done."
,Recommended,222750,9096290,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KapTheMedic,Use your inner strategist to bring down your enemies be it AI or Human.
,Recommended,222750,9024616,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Celmeo,"Get this game if you enjoy thoughtful strategy games. Where units can die from a single well aimed hit, range and vision becomes extremely important.You will have to carefully decide where and how each unit travesl to maximize their ability to kill and minimize their risk of death.In multiplayer, you get the chance to outwit your enemy by forcasting their movements. This is very different from the majority of RTSs, in that it is not so much about building up an economy and out producing the enemy to overwhelm them with a horde of units, but to out think the enemy and correctly position and micro manage units when required.With a full range of arsenal from infantry, tanks, artillery, helicopters, and aeroplanes, there are many ways to eliminate the enemy and take over their positions and lots of different mechanics and statistics to learn."
76561198137753791,Recommended,222750,23689539,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,DaddyMemeMaster,just do it
,Not Recommended,222750,10475789,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Bucketsmith,"Cheating AI, arcady difficulty, no applied strategics nor tactics. It's worse than C&C. Strategy game? More like action puzzle game."
76561197995242467,Recommended,222750,12132107,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Dee-Jay,"Fantastically deep, realistic and beautiful to look at.    This is to other RTS games what ARMA is to most FPS; Recon and logistics are both important here.  Charging headlong into the enemy or carelessly leaving units to run out of ammo will end in the loss of lots of costly units.Stacks and stacks of different units mean that you can experiment with lots of army configurations (decks) to make a realistic force, an army to suit your playstyle or just a crazy choice which you want to try out.Not at its best in solo campaign mode and punishingly difficult for rookies, but it's easy to learn by skirmishing easy AI (with medium AI help if you're really bad like me!).Superb."
76561197992129225,Recommended,222750,15529969,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,He_is_Legend,"Pooty and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s Official Seal of Approval.(Seal represents a game that we've actually completed.  These games may not be the highest critically reviewed in every case, but there was something about them that carried us through to the end.  When your library has grown as large as ours have, this means something special.)"
,Recommended,222750,16001158,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Shadow Dream,"A really good rts. Not as realistic like MoW but also not that anoying. There is a huge option of untis vehicles and now with the jets added into the game the AA system gained some role (not just hunting choppers) There nearly no bug, the game is very balanced and very good looking. This game worth 20 bucks, and also has a large number of MP players. I would recommend you getting this instead of red dragon."
76561198103782840,Recommended,222750,16085439,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,The Sultan,"Its a really cool game. Not about killing the enemy base, but their units. You create your own army, and doninate.Needs map editor"
76561198090380899,Recommended,222750,16137499,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,ben.wiltshire,"This game is extremely engrossing, speaking as a nerd and a history buff. A large database of different units, extensively researched. I just like to see things blow up"
76561198024808608,Recommended,222750,16147662,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Klaxonell,Tacticool Game.
76561198011119666,Recommended,222750,15957122,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,NapoleAn3,10/10 cluster ♥♥♥♥. Tons of fun.
,Recommended,222750,9307760,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Cyrus40K,"i will recommend this title to anyone thats wants a different RTS. but the system is very strange and i can't get used to it. i personally give it up, but for anyone else i recommend to have a try."
,Recommended,222750,8215746,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Reason,"This game has strategy, economy and enjoyment for all kinds of players. A sort of must have game."
,Recommended,222750,1216038,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Hiten,
,Recommended,222750,25118485,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Stinger913,9/11 Good game for RTS Fans
76561198055016361,Recommended,222750,8977114,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Blades,"This is hands down the best mil sim rts game Ive played. Awesome graphics, ai mechanics, muliplayer, single, just everything. A must have for any rts fan"
,Recommended,222750,19721468,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Steee,"I was going to give this a negitive review and look for some hoops to jump thru to make it work. But it turns out that I just needed to repair a couple things in the game files and it's an amazeing an deep game. Now if you will ecuse me, I have some playing to be doing. :3"
76561198042416661,Recommended,222750,8566293,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Skankhunt42,:)
76561198190795128,Recommended,222750,25468154,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,schotchi,Nice strategy game to play. I enjoyed playing it
,Recommended,222750,8264674,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,beniS (playQuakeChampions),In this 2013 Real-Time Tactics you command your army of Helicopter Gunships and send them to the enemy CP's.
,Recommended,222750,32120922,Posted: 1 June,all,L33tSniper,10/10would counter heli rush again
,Recommended,222750,7844663,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,|Maggischnitte| [] King Bob [],a nice game when you can play it
,Recommended,222750,8365360,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dr. Henry Killinger,cold war card game? yes please. 9/10
76561197991341851,Recommended,222750,9208429,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Spektri,"One of the best RTS in years. Semi-realistic modern military RTS.You make a ''deck'' (more like amry roster like in tabletop miniature games) and you go battle with that roster aginst other players. There is no basebuilding, you get points in the start of the match and you call in units with those points. Game has awesome mechanics for cover, buildings and all sorts of other cool terrain features.In Airland battle there is also addtion of planes into the series.Great game if you like something like world in conflict, ground control (and even maybe some steelpanther). when you can overcome the relative ''high'' learning curve (ie. keep your tanks fueled and ammo flowing) you get a awesome RTS with high replayability. There is also an dynamic gampaing for co-op, singleplayer or versus modes, in which you battle over scandinavia."
,Recommended,222750,857754,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Mikhail }>СМЕРШ<{,Considering this is only a beta and I've spent 79 hours playing.... it's pretty safe to say this is a great game for strategy fans.
76561198120548619,Recommended,222750,8370615,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Husaren,This is a really good game it's worth the money but i bought it on sale for 9.99.Buy this Game trust me if your in to this sorts of games you will not be disappointedThis game gets a 9.5/10
76561198129228546,Recommended,222750,11440265,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Tsar Andrei,This game is a work of art. The graphics are pretty freaking good and it is my favorite RTS along with the Total War games.
76561198273016841,Recommended,222750,30399637,Posted: 8 March,all,reptile345,I though that it was an asowme game and I recmend it to anyone who likes good rts games
76561198036695625,Not Recommended,222750,23091398,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ingmarsan,lousy single player dead multiplayer
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,222750,28183340,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Edgewalker,"(Single Player)No speed adjustment, no active pause, no manual saving (game autosaves on one slot !!!1111).Please patch this and add options that are already in Red Dragon and it will be amazing 9+/10 game easily.Right now it's a no-go."
76561197988392568,Not Recommended,222750,13695241,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,abmpicoli,"The game has too many details to control for a real time strategy, and in the end make very difficult to explore fully the different possibilities the game was supposed to offer... It is like entering a restaurant with hundred of options and then discover that they have only one ingredient available..."
76561198170811567,Not Recommended,222750,33146617,Posted: 2 July,all,stormtrooper03,"The ai cheats by both having vision of everything you do, but also can deploy more units than you. This gets way too frusturating when you are trying to assault a sector and then have your forces erased by 10+ jets before the ai can actually see you, that is, if it didn't cheat. (I completed the infantry tutorial by luring the tank horde one way and sneaking up on the command vehicle with a horde of infantry, but the map control tutorial is giving me other issues)"
,Not Recommended,222750,32131495,Posted: 2 June,all,Bikkle,"UI bugs and crashes everywhere. The game itself is fun at times, but I cannot recommend paying the full price as it feels unfinished, at least the UI does. I've managed to exit the game properly maybe once, the other times the game has ended in a crash or a deadlock."
76561198027506023,Not Recommended,222750,25155785,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Guardian,"The AI is less than enjoyable to play against. It has no fog of war and deploys it units zones it does not control at the beginning of the game, it also deploys those units as a direct counter to what you pick not a random built armor with a strategy like you'd face vs a human player.Not an engaging solo or co op experience."
76561198142695243,Recommended,222750,14998054,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Christmasizspooky,this game is vradf poop on a 56 op[ adn has soap in it and then you go boooooooooooooooooooom and your all like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and then the game is bad  the n is gouing to come and kile  you  anfd  then you find toe and then O-o weeeee and wosh tut you also get the giant theinm tho you ge t eldcieadceotoaquted then you get  hamburger and this game is 1/dang it
,Recommended,222750,17419179,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,A Hunter Must Hunt,"0/10 FINLAND WOULD NEVER CAPITULATE TO RUSSIA!But in all seriousness, if you want a game with challenging AI to fight and awesome Multiplayer WARS! then this is the game for you, Highly enjoyable. 10/10 Non-Joke"
,Not Recommended,222750,16102845,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,John,"Unfortunately, there's really no reason to buy this when Red Dragon exists, which does everything ALB Does and more."
,Recommended,222750,8013596,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Volken Víðarr,"Dont buy these game unless your are a communist, then you will loe it aprently you can just butt ♥♥♥♥ everyone with T-55's and MI-24's even tho your doing the best tactics and have the best units 2/10."
,Recommended,222750,2586372,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,trotskygrad,"Pretty great, fun game. Full scale conflict in scandinavia with pretty much the full arsenals of 12 nations. Planes add a new aspect to gameplay that's fresh and helps break up monotony, also ground combat is vastly improved. 93/100"
,Recommended,222750,28479443,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,TMK13_[TH],[^_^]
76561197994799772,Recommended,222750,24123324,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Crimson King,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Not Recommended,222750,24644450,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,blueskybeta,"Waste of time to install.  A.I. is stupid, the Interface is not even a little intuitive.  Would NOT recommend this game to anyone."
76561198095484247,Recommended,222750,31200893,Posted: 17 April,all,zackevil25 (DEAF),its so amazing Wargame Airland Battle
,Recommended,222750,33331026,Posted: 6 July,all,Artyom Donavich,Best one of the series tbhfamsmh
,Not Recommended,222750,23267917,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,小贾_KTXP,over 50% multiplayer games interrupted by connection issue.
76561198023072909,Recommended,222750,10973731,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DamCor,"It`s an amazing game. The graphics are extreme and if you like strategy games you`ll love this one. One thing they could fiks is that you could play on every map at 1 vs 1, because they don`t show every map when you play 1 vs 1."
,Recommended,222750,23092288,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,vkmicro,"Doesn't get better than this if you want a modern military RTS game. Very solid gameplay, looks beautiful, fun and challenging campaign, nice mechanics. Great game overall.Also gotta love the ability to zoom in and watch a battle in close up.The country vehicles are pretty well balanced too.Great RTS overall."
76561198028317383,Recommended,222750,14426766,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tree Baron,A great strategy game. The deck system keeps me playing over and over again.
,Recommended,222750,483960,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Farks,Fantastic RTS
76561198063087406,Recommended,222750,12067824,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,∂LazyGreen∂,I LIKE PUSHING THESE PLANES!
76561198113045641,Recommended,222750,9120990,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Yo_Head_Stinky,This game is a chalange so if you are a hardcore gamer its a must.
,Not Recommended,222750,19892445,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Macaro,"Everytime I play this series I end up angry. It's just a lot of little things that pile up. One big thing that I hate is the distribution of delopyment points. Sometimes it's good, other times not so much. Another thing is if you move two divisions into the same sector as one enemy divison, you do not get the benefit of units and deployment points from both divisions. Aparently there is no such thing as a tag team in this game, because apparently war is a fair fight.Also I've only ever played on easy mode. YES. EASY. As in the game is enough to kick your butt and make you angry on EASY MODE. Every other game I play I start at normal. I've never purposefully started on easy mode until this series. Now I have won some campaigns. But there is a difference between winning and having fun. Sometimes you put some much work into winning that it just becomes a chore. That's probably just me though. I think I would get more pleasure from playing a difficult level of Talos Principle and winning compared to this game."
,Recommended,222750,13507748,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Primal,"Great addition to the Wargame series with the inclusion of air power, but really, get Red Dragon. It's the same game with more stuff."
76561198074436363,Recommended,222750,29884870,Posted: 12 February,all,vetorcharlie,i love this game
,Recommended,222750,10942814,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Guardsman111,"I bought the original Wargame 2 days after it came out, but never really played it because i didn't really get how the game worked. However, i bought Airland Battle a few days ago on offer, and decided i would stick with it. The new deck system is much better than the old one, you no-longer have to unlock units (a pain for me because i found the campaign very hard) and the new aircraft really add an extra depth to the game.However, the core gameplay is much the same, but when combined with using the units that i WANT to use, instead of what i'm stuck with, made all the difference.In the most recent game i played, Economy, there was a 40 point difference between the two sides, trying to get to 3000ish. We were both at 2700. to maintain my lead, i needed to hold an area cut off behind enemy lines, and the units were out of ammo and exhausted, plus on the most part damaged.I won the game by using a simple chinook resupply helicopter, flying from my FOB into the area and landing in a field while the battle raged on either side to deliver the supplies. With a bit of imagination, i could imagine the men running from the back of the helicopter, carrying cases of ammo, to the trees while under machine gun fire and having tanks battling it out on the other side of the treeline. And then the pilot said ""Why do i get the feeling your about to put our lives at risk?""That skin of the teeth victory was probably the most enjoyable battle i've had in a long time on all of my games, and if i get even a few more moments like that, i'll be content. Money well spent, in my opinion!"
,Recommended,222750,24412859,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,azgoodaz,"The Wargame series is actually the few RTS games that I will actually play (I'm not a big fan of Starcraft).Wargame: AirLand Battle is a modern take on RTS. The vehicles ranges from recon Humvees to recon helicopters, M1 Abrams tank for heavy lifting, Black Hawk helicopters to bring in troops on the ground and much more. With over 10 factions that you can choose from and each one ranging with different variants of vehicles in that faction. Plus the 13 maps (some include 2v2 and 3v3 maps). The game and strategy of the factions is endless.If you play against the AI via the solo skirmish match, and if you don't know what you are going. You are going to get destroyed by the AI. They will just cause rain of fire on you with long ranged missiles basically trapping you inside your base. Pick the right faction and you can be victorious.Tip: As of 7/19/16, you can download/get the free DLC called ""Wargame: AirLand Battle - Magna Carta DLC."""
,Recommended,222750,8358832,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Spook Island,"It's 1985.  Reagan doesn't get an R.S.V.P. to his dog's birthday party from new Soviet Supreme Leader Mikhail Gorbachev.Big mistake...In short, Wargame: Airland Battle is the quintessential modern warfare RTS; of all time.Fog of WarVeterancyTerrainLogisticsCustomizationLimited SupplyVast Array of WeaponryThis game has it all."
,Recommended,222750,8109142,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,DemolitionMech,Dis game is good :). I cant stop playing O_O
76561198011697512,Not Recommended,222750,25987273,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,OldBugger,"Cannot register therefore cant play so my review is that it sux,my product key is invalid and yes I have tried an 0 for an O and so on. steam is no help and i wasted the money. Yes I am annoyed and will be very suprised if this review gets posted at all. There are many others on the forum with same complaint but not one reply showing how to correct this failing."
,Recommended,222750,28222349,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Chef Michael Smith,RED DRAGON WAS WORSE 900/10 MY NUTS SUCK
,Recommended,222750,951647,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Combiner,Or how I learned to stop worrying and love the T-80
76561198109759370,Recommended,222750,22526618,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,:c,"One of the best strategy game, you will have the feel of a real military commander on this one."
76561198368592266,Recommended,222750,30453432,Posted: 11 March,all,obg2003,best game ever
,Recommended,222750,14085411,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,theenvioustoad,detroit simulator
,Not Recommended,222750,14506237,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Squashbuckler,"I have tried to like this game many times, and have played it over and over. There is something about this game that makes it really irritating and not enjoyable.  Maybe its the controls? Maybe its the combat? I dont know.I cant put my finger on it.My advice to gamers looking to purchase it, watch videos of the combat and the game very closely first."
76561198011661821,Not Recommended,222750,34452290,Posted: 23 August,all,alternative facts,"This is a solid game overall.  However outstanding gameplay is completely ruined by terrible UI which makes getting into the game and learning the mechanics very difficult.  Because the gameplay is good, there is potential for the series to improve.  But the UI is so bad I find it nearly unplayable and a total non-starter for me.  Better UI, and better tutorial is needed."
76561198013900478,Not Recommended,222750,15810668,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,welty r1pper (aka rezmond),"Worst RTS game ever.  Controls are not intuative, doesnt make any sense, tutotrials dont help. Ive played RTS for over 15 years some of them pretty complex, this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198005590664,Not Recommended,222750,9877895,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Watkins,"Seems like it could be a fun game, if not for a major drawback to new players, the first being that the tutorial is utter garbage. It doesn't tell you the controls or really any relevant information. It gives you directives without telling you how to complete them and on top of that even during the tutorial the enemy has overwhelming firepower and obliderates your units. Infantry seem to be about as useful as throwing snowballs at battletanks and the game doesn't tell me what anything else does. It seems to be an alright game once it becomes playable."
76561198046667588,Not Recommended,222750,9800448,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,kreeded29,"If you enjoy single player and don't wanna spend your life online getting smashed by guys that live on here, don't buy this game! I honestly feel like im back in the arcade world, where nothings fair or even close to ""realistic"". You have only 20mins no matter what you plan on doing to start, deploy and conquer the entire map, which is the complete opposite of what I thought these games and ""war"" itself were all about. On top of that the actual structure of the unit combat doesn't even make sense? You can completely lose the entire unit filled with 100's of vehicles by simply placing your command unit in the wrong place before the battle starts. The AI is also unbelievably aggressive and attacks with what seems like every unit in the game in the first 2mins. That combined with the completely ridiculous ""moral"" and ""initiative"" systems that make no sense, this game is not a realistic rts simulator anymore. I really don't know what these developers were thinking when they brutalized this into some sort of online focued only game, but its a total shame when you consider how good it couldve been."
,Not Recommended,222750,23281196,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lieutenant_Pats,The AI cheats so badly in literally every one of these games (i lost the game in one of the Wargame tutorials despite being a European escalation player.) that its just not fun.Also i didnt get it for free. Not sure why it defaulted to that.
76561197994753759,Not Recommended,222750,12383263,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,robdoggiii,No! Not enough differance from Wargame EE. Price is way too high for what should have been DLC.
76561198007803194,Not Recommended,222750,15978240,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,arie.shpigel,European escalation was much better
,Not Recommended,222750,15183640,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Pardaillan,"If you're impressed by the graphs at this store page, pls checkout you tube for game play.Game is too slow, hard to play and total garbage in my opinion. I'm trying to force myself to play this game just maybe i love it a little more. But i cant.This is the worst strategy game ever published."
76561198164761653,Not Recommended,222750,23522630,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,airrider225,"the only reason to get this one insted of the other 2 for learning the basicsgood:um....graphicsmapsdlc freebad:cheating ai:unlimited reasources, can see ur units, either super easy or unfair.multiplayer(was good dead now)basicly everythingoverall opion:no one playes european escalation, around 60 people play this one on a lucky day usually 35-40 where im at, an apperntly ""this game just add planes"" from the last one, an people say red dragon has boats an is newest so.. ill be geting that one today an probly NEVER playing this one again."
76561198012098280,Not Recommended,222750,13581741,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,AmateurHour,"Sorry to say that I can't reccomend this game. I feel that it does a poor job of explaining itself. I'm around three hours into the tutorial, and i still have a poor grasp on how the game works. I think Advance Wars on the GBA did a better job with a similar concept."
,Recommended,222750,11965818,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,sox,bad
76561198029289908,Not Recommended,222750,18018252,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,dirty carry,"If this game had a demo before I bought it, I would've saved a lot of money :)Apparently there are people who really enjoy this game, but I found it really tedious."
76561198103639192,Recommended,222750,27184751,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Greyhound,More than 500 h (steam 120)
,Recommended,222750,23195842,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,I hate living in Venezuela,"First time playing this game online after years playing only with IA ( din't have an original game), first match i play i get rekt the first 15 minutes then i remembered a german tank rush video i saw long time ago and i replicated and captured his fob and killed his Command Unit, soo i rekted the hell outta that commie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.14/88 would make Europe great again."
76561197970017731,Not Recommended,222750,19521285,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,2legs,"bought thi sgame. tried it multiple times. gave it up.the UI is cryptic, the game mechnics confusing and the AI cheats and is unbalanced.cant recommend."
76561198111522613,Not Recommended,222750,21221378,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,gavares3,i CANNOT EVEN FIGURE OUT HOW TO START A GAME IN THIS. iT MAKES ME LOOK FOR FREINDS TO PLAY WITH AND I JUST BOUGHT THIS GAME. THERE IS NO SINGLE PLAYER MODE.
76561198017671467,Not Recommended,222750,13602086,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,jbholmes9,This game is crap if i ordered anything from the top corner tab they never get to my base or worst yet it never gets to me and also when a computer killed my helicopter that some how spawned it said the AI got 850 kills! Idk what is wrong or how to fix this because this game doesnt have a good tutorial mostly because they are combat tactics not how to use teh game controls!!!
,Recommended,222750,8000306,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,[BTBX]All American T-Rex,Really fun game worth the 40 bucks
,Not Recommended,222750,21894441,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,BumiBlade,This game was a piece of crap.
76561198006684268,Recommended,222750,8482220,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Zapp Brannigan,"This is simply the finest RTS I have ever played. The number of units (800+!!!) and attention to detail in modeling the look and capabilities of those units is second to none. The focus on realistic warfare (w/in reason) makes it one of the few RTS's that feels every bit as tactical as the best turn based strategy games. In fact, I would say it is the most tactical wargame I have ever played.The game is very easy to control in terms of moving units around the map, but is incredibly deep when it comes to truly learning how to play the game well. I have over 150 hours in the game and am still learning the nuances.The game looks like a dream, with excellently represented units from NATO and the Warsaw Pact. Great unit detail and great special effects with the smoke and fire and explosions. Only the infantry modeling leaves a little to be desired. The scaling is also incredible. A spin of the mouse wheel will zoom you in so that a single unit fills your entire screen in wonderful detail. A spin of the wheel in the opposite direction will zoom out to the point that the entire map is visible on your screen.My only negative is that the SP campaign is absolutely byzantine and unsatisfying. Good luck figuring out how to play it. But the real value of this game is in the SP skirmish mode and MP. MP is brutal, but extremely rewarding after you learn the ropes. You will lose often, but it will never feel cheap. When you lose it is because you screwed up, when you win it is because you were the better player.Deep, user friendly, and pretty to look at, this is the best RTS on the market."
,Recommended,222750,8988972,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Squigibo,I like. It good.
76561198097777864,Not Recommended,222750,21071836,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,robr36,seen better but unfortunately not user friendlymen of war is far better and if this game uses the same engine then it might have been enjoyablesome peope who like chess this might be for you
76561198001714985,Recommended,222750,7994882,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Aurore (N☆G),Probably the most realistic war sim I've seen.
,Recommended,222750,28936541,Posted: 2 January,all,lol10,VIRTUAL DRUG...That can totally ruin your social life.BEWARE
76561198068066917,Recommended,222750,30226262,Posted: 27 February,all,☆CmrD MaJkA☆,One of the best RTS I've ever played <3 love it (but really diffficult). :)
76561198004769259,Not Recommended,222750,9334066,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,CHEEKI BREEKI,"Imbalanced beyond belief. Gameplay relies on exploiting/spamming overpowered units rather than realism and tactical decisions. If you're looking for a good RTS, I'd highly recommend any Total War game. At least this one was on sale."
76561198014607192,Not Recommended,222750,9747914,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,kaos32d,This game blows. It is really cool in the fact that the units are realistic and it could be really cool except for one simple fact....... you don't fight the computer and you don't fight other human players. You fight against the awful interface. If you don't have nine hands and play starcraft like you're a south korean you are hopelessly doomed. How in the world is one person supposed to control a whole brigade worth of assets at the same time. The AI does nothing for you but sit there and die. If you are a micromanging master this game will appeal to you. If you want to test real strategy on a micro or macro level forget about it. I will never buy another game from this company until they make the players units do more for you. What is the point of a scout who doesn't call for fire? An anti air asset who sits behind the trees and can't shoot and won't move to a position that will. Screw this game
,Recommended,222750,14790712,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,-=S.H.S=- Boom Headshot,"Sent 30 tanks, every one of them got annihilated by one apache.10/10 would do again"
,Not Recommended,222750,13936503,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,GG Alien,"Wargame: Airland Battle the precursor to the kinky oriental Wargame: Red Dragon. Unlike Red Dragon you don't have the option to play as famished North Koreans led by Kim Joo Chong or whatever dumb onomatopoeia of a name he has and not have everything else about the game upgraded which is why you shouldn't buy it unless you like vintage♥♥♥♥♥♥because you're too good for video games you pansy♥♥♥♥♥hipster. Don't worry though it's not that bad, basically it follows an ultra unique storyline where the Soviet Union declared war on the Allies. It's also an RTS, but I shouldn't tell you about the gameplay that would spoil it. Also tip don't look at the close up pics in the store page the game is  really zoomed out it's all a big bamboozle"
,Recommended,222750,34635913,Posted: 31 August,all,RemrotS,The complex RTS game that makes you battle in the air and on the land.
76561198031801380,Not Recommended,222750,34507358,Posted: 26 August,all,MajorMetcalf,"Why I have to create an account? I have already a steam account, why not just link it with wargame?"
76561198047578635,Not Recommended,222750,9771714,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Wiley E,"Rubbish - utter rubbish and a waste of time and money. Good concept ruined by awful logic and execution.Not a strategy game, just a glorified arcade style shoot and slaughter. Nice graphics and sound effects ruined by witless jaw droppingly stupid logic. Don't be fooled by the decks and the armoury, it is not a real strategy game just a silly useless arcade effort."
,Not Recommended,222750,17085455,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Tiny,You must research this for at least a couple of hours to pass the tutorial. Requires a supercomputer brain. I have no time for this.
,Recommended,222750,23123208,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,War Machine,great game
76561198310596322,Recommended,222750,33979514,Posted: 2 August,all,BATDUDE100,This is a very good game. Its worth the money to buy Wargame: Red Dragon.
,Recommended,222750,5562169,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,BIG DDOS,sweden we kill the king
,Not Recommended,222750,11981988,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Shadebane,"Dont buy this, it is awful."
,Not Recommended,222750,18293989,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,21 Savage,♥♥♥♥ing sucks♥♥♥♥♥the video is so un true dont get unless $ 3.00 or cheaper
,Not Recommended,222750,32313960,Posted: 10 June,all,Dr. Chevap,meh...
76561198133988885,Not Recommended,222750,19919263,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Pvt. Smith [2nd RB],"Very unrealistic, tanks take 1 shot from an assault rife and they die, infantry don't shoot at anything and they think that Russia is the best country in the world."
76561198083607458,Not Recommended,222750,18404461,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Albashir_Ahkmed,-10000000000000/10 rated it sucks waste of money grphics sucks gamplay sucks every thing sucks
,Recommended,222750,23423412,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,jef spicoli,most difficult game ever. it is incredibly difficult. you need to have +130 IQ to even begin to grasp the basics of this game. needless to say i mastered this game within 5 minutes of playing. i am better than you.
,Recommended,222750,34518737,Posted: 26 August,all,Safiuddin97,How to get used to WGRD.
76561198016677915,Recommended,222750,34804896,Posted: 7 September,all,Assholeoff,good
76561197995454894,Recommended,222750,13626282,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,k0m1ssar,It's ok.
,Not Recommended,222750,23369325,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,{442} Brock Branigan P.I,"The A.I in this game does nothing but spam Anti-Air Units.. Sees you at all times [Even with no recon] And just over all is a Godlike mess.. The ""Campaigns"" As they call them are also stupid, as there is a time limit...... FOR A WAR! If you don't complete a task in a certain ammount of time, you're fired and executed [If you're the Soviets]..Overall.. this game is garbage that bombed [Pun not intended] And you [And I] need to get Red Dragon instead.. The A.I Is fixed.."
,Not Recommended,222750,8870809,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,DingBat,"Do not buy this game if you intend to only play against the computer. The AI ""cheats"" massively (it knows all your units and their locations) and skirmishing against it is a hard slog that almost forces you to change your style to take advantage of AI ""gaps"". I was really looking forward to this but it's just not a lot of fun against the AI.Multiplayer seems to be much more compelling, but I've already got too many multiplayer games to add another.This one goes on the shelf. First game on Steam I would have actually asked for a refund for. Too bad."
,Not Recommended,222750,9209071,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ByzantineCanadian,"IF YOU LIKE R.U.S.E., YOU WONT LIKE THIS."
76561198044645088,Not Recommended,222750,9681044,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,A SadFish,♥♥♥♥
76561197979781429,Not Recommended,222750,8509080,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Pesky Microbe,"Single Player campaign and Skirmish is ruined due to massively cheating AI. It knows exactly where your units are without any need of scouting whatsoever. It also knows what type of units are there and it brings precisely the counters required to kill those units. You can never outflank or ambush the AI since it knows where your infantry is deplyed etc. etc. Don't buy it for Single Player experience. If however, Multiplayer RTS is your cup of tea, go right ahead."
,Not Recommended,222750,9803818,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,MGdawg,dis gaem is 2 herd
76561198007894800,Not Recommended,222750,9013738,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,keez,"My game does not crash, it runs perfectly. However, it does not play well at all. The interface is unintuitive, and the learning curve is downright vertical (I cannot complete 1/2 way through the tutorial)! I think this game can be made much better through patches, particularly the interface, one example: infantry managament is VERYdifficult and unforgiving."
76561197987259348,Not Recommended,222750,9667611,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Procaine (TJ),Didn't care for it.
76561198006714408,Not Recommended,222750,9506829,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Big Dick Bazuso,I'm still waiting for the world domination mode that I could have sworn was supposed to be in the game... At least that's what was implied in one of the trailers.
76561198068599917,Not Recommended,222750,10883393,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Natty,how do you go first person?
,Not Recommended,222750,20979059,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,TheGranster,Misleading screenshots much...Insta-Refund10/10 Would uninstall again
76561197998740055,Not Recommended,222750,11204939,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Spacemania,Its gameplay mechanics are very painful and its learning curve is a brick wall for me. Unplayable even in its introduction maps and campaigns. Waste of money.
76561198007793678,Not Recommended,222750,9000828,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Toisach,"meh...its the typical ""base"" style ""total annihilation-warcraft"" sort of thing with better graphics, but the gameplay is so cumbersome that the only way to see the great graphics is to look at the screenshots shown in the ad.The AI engages in the usual ""swarm"" tactic and any serious student of modern combined arms tactics will be greatly disappointed."
,Not Recommended,222750,9015400,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Shibe Heil,"This game is ok, I think the skirmish mode was very limited, and the campaign was also. THe multiplayer was the only decent part of this game, and that just breaks down to anyone who has Artillary and Jets is going to win. So not that fun at all. I would honestly pass on this one, as a huge RTS advocate, find a better game."
,Not Recommended,222750,9016404,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,TBsThug,The most mis leading videos and pics to  sale a game.
,Not Recommended,222750,9942537,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,kulture,I just gate a black screen on launch. and can not play.
,Not Recommended,222750,1403853,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Masterpeing,"5/10  , not recommended at all  , no archivments , no dev support on steam forum and  visual / graphics bugs.. , anyway good idea of gameedit : change to negative cause the game dont have more content and still clunky and unplayable.mp is dead and lagged."
,Not Recommended,222750,14132774,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Eu West,Autistic Nerd game for nerds
76561198013117216,Not Recommended,222750,14336464,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Generalisimus,BS. A complete failure and waste of money. Red Dragon way better.
,Not Recommended,222750,14435304,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,goddragon2011,lousy game
,Not Recommended,222750,10143624,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,ClosedVision,My mouse is out of sync. It wont click in the right spots on the screen. why?
76561198061394124,Not Recommended,222750,8998748,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,bmichalides25,"Played this game for a few hours and have to say I hate it. Ya, the units are interesting, but most of the game is spent zoomed way the hell out so you are just staring at icons moving around the screen. Its hard to tell if your units are in adequate cover or what is even going on. Plus, why are the tanks running out of gas after driving what looks like 10 or so miles? This game really feels like a poor knock off of supreme commander and way less fun."
76561198038497739,Not Recommended,222750,9337120,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,vmz23,"Beautiful game, amazing graphics, and its all ruined by a♥♥♥♥♥♥AI. A human player can control a max of 10 units effectively if you are a good player, the computer can move infinite numbers at the same time, it knows the exact limits of your range, and is also given a secret AI advantage with either health, armor, or merely not counting damage. I had 4 infantry squads and an AA squad and a hmmv unit, and ALL of them were killed by ONE helicopter. Imagine only being able to move one chess peice only on your turn, but the AI can move all of them at once at any time. I can't believe the amount of money I wasted on this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,222750,23121416,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,abfallen,"seriously. screw this game. Never got to even play it. you have to make an account,  jump threw there processing ssytem and hope the thing can just log on. how many different times  do i need tp punch in the same pass and login name i use on a daily till i say screw it and never try to play this lame♥♥♥♥♥♥again. atleast i just wasted 15 dollars, im sure your company is saying the same. the idea of this looks great. i was excited."
76561198011571912,Not Recommended,222750,34764558,Posted: 5 September,all,giannarosth,"No reason to buy this one.Worst from its predecessor to all aspects except graphics.Its sucessor (slighty better) is available for saleUse of air planes is a huge joke.With dead community, almost impossible to play a multi game."
76561198054455253,Not Recommended,222750,9007574,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,GrumpyOldMeeper,"Fantastic game,however DO NOT BUY IT, that is unless your ok with sexism,racism,homophobia,anti-semitism etc etc etc easily the worst cchat both in the games and lobby ive ever seen in any game.Much worse than Youtube,utter rasist filth spoken nonne stop with seemingly zero moderation or consequences."
76561198056470814,Not Recommended,222750,12657152,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,jfdaragon,"Compared to the original wargame title, this game is not as good to play with. No in depth story like to original, where you felt you were on a mission. With this title, I don't feel part of the game.Boring storyline vs original gameGame interface redisgned is worseCan't choose all your units,  they come pre-assemble which is bad cause I have my unique fighting style.Would not recommend"
76561198072230575,Not Recommended,222750,31070097,Posted: 10 April,all,Trikk Star,Singleplayer AI is rubbish.
76561198043161293,Recommended,222750,22945853,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
76561198132476841,Recommended,222750,30350612,Posted: 5 March,all,Mad potato,This realy strategy! i loved this game even i cant beat the medium AI this mind blowing RTS great game
,Not Recommended,222750,8317152,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,NanoByteGhost,"The Wargame series like most of Eugen games is aimed mostly at Multiplayer and not single player. Whilst single player support does exist, it is really not that interesting. Single player campaigns tend to be short and sweet in Eugen's games and mostly balanced for multiplayer. Even Ruse suffers from this too, I would recommend Ruse over the Wargame series if your a single player fan."
,Not Recommended,222750,12267746,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,FeatherSton3,"I don't know why I'm kind of disappointed in the game, but I am. Maybe it was because I bought it on sale, I don't know."
76561198072840279,Not Recommended,222750,28360074,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,123,online is dead
76561198065805513,Not Recommended,222750,10181652,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Midget,i hate this
76561198049510654,Not Recommended,222750,17879025,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Stiford,worthless
,Not Recommended,222750,9153630,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,GODRANBRO,♥♥♥♥♥gamealmost as♥♥♥♥♥♥as eve online ♥♥♥♥ing autismal
,Not Recommended,222750,9003873,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,@VicesAdulation,"Great AI. However, the gameplay is poor. If you are into Strategy, RUSE is a much better use of the engine."
,Not Recommended,222750,8324235,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Tog Klim,"Played it once, wasn't what I was expecting...  Probably won't open it again."
76561198020607272,Not Recommended,222750,8979935,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,hector,EE4life alb4jews
76561197961568633,Not Recommended,222750,30186326,Posted: 25 February,all,drew,Do not buy game is full of map hackers.
76561198108105142,Not Recommended,222750,24991963,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,samcan244(73 61 6d),Apparently like ruse but it isn't
76561198027296189,Not Recommended,222750,8990989,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,kenpashi71,it isnt very good
,Not Recommended,222750,22348518,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Adroit,No one even plays multiplayer! waste of money. I want a refund. I already Uninstalled the game. >:(
76561198031447499,Not Recommended,222750,25472954,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Root,"Virtually unplayable.  No multiplayer games available.  In solo mode the enemy AI moves so fast that you have no chance to make decisions.  If you group your forces together so you can issue commands expect the enemy AI to hit you with artillery or air strikes destroying most of your force.  This was supposed to be easy mode.The developers fix most of these mistakes in their sequel, Red Dragon."
76561198027465816,Not Recommended,222750,8977206,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,HEATHDEE,"What a load of shi7e, dont even bother wasting your time."
76561198023600907,Not Recommended,222750,33108156,Posted: 1 July,all,Uglyelf,This game is unplayable with up to date drivers and doesn't work. Don't buy it as there is no urgency to fix this and the game designers don't seem to care.
76561198097582194,Not Recommended,222750,8399596,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wolfmire,"if you got a mac dont get it cause the game is bull and wont start. could it be that my mac doesnt work, maybe. but it doesnt work and it took me 4 weeks to download and thats way to long. if any one can help me to get this to work then help me cause this is bull"
,Not Recommended,222750,8421023,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ITZaGRAPE,"Such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, so much bull**** happens in this game that doesnt make any sense. I dont recommend this to anyone...."
76561198025610810,Not Recommended,222750,24885535,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,-A-,"Truly this is a stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Buy it if you want your butt hole reamed constantly by vastly superior forces (EVERY TIME with amazingly superior firepower). Pretty graphics but disgusting balancing. SERIOUSLY, DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME."
76561198060048199,Not Recommended,222750,14264548,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Lil Apex,:(
,Not Recommended,222750,8977695,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Scipion Isr.,"Lots of problems with this game, too fast to play as a startegic game. Too many functions lacking, the server itself sucks!"
76561198026930946,Not Recommended,222750,8037502,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,† ∫pØØky †,"This game is so rediculously difficult that I spent 20 hours on it between playing and youtube and never finished the tutorials. It is HIGHLY realistic and if you deploy your forces incorrectly you get slaughtered. Its a great concept, but just way way too hard to be fun. I'll stick to easier games, like chess.Don't post your opinions. I don't care what you think of my review. Its an opinion and it is worth exactly what you paid for it."
,Not Recommended,222750,26482513,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,poochiimeister,♥♥♥♥as ♥♥♥♥
76561198034071703,Not Recommended,222750,9150639,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tickle My Pickle,"I wouldn't recommend this game strictly due to the complexity of it. I like my games to be kind of complex, but this just blows it out of the water. The combat system is unique and balanced, but extremely difficult. Believe me, the learning curve on this is more extreme than the learning curve on World of Tanks. I just can't get on board with it due to the complexity, however it is a good game if you enjoy watching a top down battle and using combined arms and intelligently placed ambushes to wreck your enemies."
76561198018336193,Not Recommended,222750,8435597,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kjolaf,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
,Not Recommended,222750,20133480,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,M.Baker | [388-K],no just no
,Not Recommended,222750,25774851,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,HunT-McD,"This game's AI is incredibly difficult to beat and cheats. I play games for Single Player, not Multiplayer and I feel as though I've wasted my money."
,Not Recommended,222750,8002070,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Healbot,"Don't buy this unless you're willing to spend at least 12 hours learning how to play.  The tutorial isn't actually a tutorial, it's just a few missions with literally no advice whatsoever!  I can't even beat the tutorial because this game is so ridiculously overcomplicated and the only way to figure out how any of it works is through trial and error.  There might be a billion units in the game, but good luck figuring out how to actually use any of them!"
76561197987945418,Not Recommended,222750,30341731,Posted: 5 March,all,GROM_Ender_TG,"Boring. Nothing interesting.Problems with cursor in campaign mode. Cursor is disappearing and it is impossible to click right icon.Maps are constructed who first take more that one will win.Playing with computer is a real nightmare. Computer is atacking from all sides with all variety of units.When you move slowly with caution, you will loose becouse computer will grab all resources. When you rush at the beggining you will lose of computers bloody multitasking.On small scale the game is interesting, when difficulty is rising the game is begin to be more annoying and frustrating because of computer multitasking. Human is simply not able to focus on so many units on such a big maps.Doing or at least trying that, a map is on so large scale that units are barely visible and you play only on tactic map.So you never see this nice 3D graphisc.Single player sucks in my opinion.As I mentioned Boring Game. Nothing interesting."
,Not Recommended,222750,25031830,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,ResidentBilly,Graphics are cool. War is fun. Winning by points system is lame. Being forced to play set maps makes me feel like a prisoner. This game would be awesome if you could actually take over the world with your army.
76561198149261582,Not Recommended,222750,28333274,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Archie,im sure this game would be good if you spent hundreds of hours learning just the bare basics of this game and that is what it would take to just learn how to play and as therei is no real tutorial you have to just get absolutley anhilated by the ai and just have absolutly  no idea wha you are doing until you just get so incredibly frustrated and give up all hope on this game which i have done because this game is just way to hard to learn and this makes it hard to have fun in this game which is why i cannot recommend! Do not buy unless you are willing to waste your life away to play this game!
,Not Recommended,222750,31709009,Posted: 12 May,all,Fred2000,Won't start propertly on my Windows 10 machine.
76561197968375459,Not Recommended,222750,8009068,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Joe_Mayo,"little to do. some obviouse features are missing and will clearly never be added, such as a single player pause ect. Like all the other small time games on steam there's a lot of potential but with another game comeing out it is clear the potential will not be realized."
76561198160558390,Not Recommended,222750,24997368,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,♫Swoo♫,"Doesnt give new players best expierince crap turtorial please ♥♥♥♥ off, Do not buy this game thank you."
,Not Recommended,222750,34363988,Posted: 19 August,all,LIL FRENCHFRY,no
76561198176995123,Not Recommended,222750,34784862,Posted: 6 September,all,picard,it dosent work ive done EVRYTHING when i start is just stops
76561198082670637,Not Recommended,222750,23117033,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,BeR1ghtBack,i bought it i have played aboute one hour and i was just a waste of time dont buy it
76561198147430158,Not Recommended,222750,23132230,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,◥ŁΛSṮ ⱤESØLUṮIØN◤,i bought this game w my friend and when we tried to create an account the account does not seem to create any1 plz halp
76561197994957864,Not Recommended,222750,8002260,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,DarkTequila,I have no idea what I'm doing...
,Not Recommended,222750,10466091,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,BananasTheLeech,"I came here for planes, saw that its top down? How bout dont show flipping planes if you can't fly the planes!"
,Not Recommended,222750,8022404,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Veigar,dont get this game its good but not enought to make me not bored
,Not Recommended,222750,12286076,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,willi828,"Very difficult to learn.  Poor usability.  Not what the videos were showing by any means, this is a turn based strategy game like risk.  bummer."
76561197970577622,Not Recommended,222750,33333319,Posted: 6 July,all,Soultraxx,The game is too fast and there is no way to slow it down.Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,222750,31211778,Posted: 17 April,all,darth jesus,"good luck figuring out how to play. I'm sure there is some fun burried deep in here somewhere, but I couldn't find it."
76561197974773829,Not Recommended,222750,8011611,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Uberprime,This game... is just awful.
,Not Recommended,222750,29150979,Posted: 9 January,all,Trippy Dreamz,when i got the game everything is all miscolored i cant readanything or play it ;ooks like im on a trip if any body could help me out that would be great
76561198065746186,Not Recommended,222750,31887695,Posted: 21 May,all,Pope Francis,my tank got hit by a potato cannon and it explodedkappa
,Not Recommended,222750,7791141,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RoGer,A pretty dull RTS.
,Not Recommended,222750,31719064,Posted: 13 May,all,the1corrupted,"Hated this game.  It seems to have a steep learning curve to get over to understand its full mechanics and how everything is supposed to work.  There isn't a clear-cut tutorial or anything, just a manual that gives you some basics.  Hated every second I played this game.  At no time did I have an advantage over an easy AI player, even!"
76561198086833906,Not Recommended,222750,28175479,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Cpt. Fat Belly,Not at all like the videos far to much fricken work! Refund!
,Not Recommended,222750,7777088,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,YuRi KAiRi,Totally stupid faction balanceWrong description of military factorFrequently price dumpDo not buy this idiot game
,Not Recommended,222750,7858665,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Hale,"Total and complete crap. I wasted my money on this absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. Complicated to learn and the only people that play are no-life nerds. So basicaly, not only is the guy you are playing extremely good at this game, but you suck at it as well."
,Not Recommended,222750,7895343,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,TheCrippler,"It's a horrible lazy excuse for an RTS game.It shamelessly rips off more successfull games, trying to cash in on their fame.There is no story, no thought, no love put into this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game.The AI is infuriatingly stupid, the maps are bland and the publisher is a complete jerk.AVOID!"
76561198011551191,Not Recommended,222750,30009121,Posted: 18 February,all,Wankerface,nonsense
,Not Recommended,222750,12853112,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Disco Biscuits,AUTISM AWARENESS
76561198171912141,Not Recommended,222750,25887712,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,jtfst,"tERRIBLE GAME , DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY WAY TO COMPLEX AND EATS UP A LOT OF COMPUTER SPACE WISH i NEVER PURCHASED JUST REMOVED FROM MY SYSTEM"
76561198042993114,Not Recommended,222750,30905434,Posted: 2 April,all,Patrick,This was one of the worst games I ever played. Picked it up cheap as chips in a sale due to all the fanboi love but it was such a terrible game.
76561198071736691,Not Recommended,222750,31119764,Posted: 13 April,all,chicken eater jeff,what is this game???
,Not Recommended,222750,28995695,Posted: 3 January,all,will hack for 10 rubles,This game is SUCK... just play civ 5
,Recommended,222750,10475481,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,123,"hmm, its okay just a bit complex"
76561198056462277,Recommended,222750,10466381,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Swing-Wing Scott,"Very fun. Togh to get used to, but worth it"
76561198006948002,Recommended,222750,10468306,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Adster94,"Simply brilliant! I would say one of the best strategy games I have ever played! The combination of air forces and ground forces, make the best battlefield I have ever seen - in any game.If you are a fan of strategy games, then this is definitely the game for you!"
,Recommended,222750,10488883,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Principality of Sealand,super hard
76561198136273766,Recommended,222750,10490968,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,"Tony ""Warface"" California","Good RTS game but boring after few hour of single player. BTW, multiplayer experience is nice."
,Recommended,222750,10493815,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,₷†ΣΣᶅ Butterfly,"This is the hardest game to get used to I have ever played, (discounting Europa Universalis IV). It took me about 2 hours of constant defeats at the hands of the AI before I mastered the art of deck creation and unit deployment. But to be honist, they were the most fun (If frustrating) defeats I have ever had. After my humiliating defeats of the first day I managed to secure my first major victory. Very rewarding and chalenging game, not that many people online though."
,Recommended,222750,7606702,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Rocket Man,epic large scale strategy♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real!!!!!! get it if you like strategy
,Recommended,222750,10184135,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,The Ben Payton,"very good yes, yes. :D"
,Recommended,222750,10352760,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,salt.  ŘicӪchèt,"Pretty realistic and challenging RTS, better than many I've played. A little complex for a beginner even the tutorials don't reflect multiplayer but do some research and its pretty fun"
76561198018745391,Recommended,222750,10364051,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Kazansky,I shot down a mig-23 that crashed into my Radar AA destroying it. 10/10 would shoot down again.
,Recommended,222750,7343462,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Poncho,"A cool mix of units, and a decent pace to play at the speed or role you want to play at."
76561197981004608,Recommended,222750,884130,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,magic2k,Oh thats great
,Recommended,222750,10462181,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡Clouded,"As a great military leader once said: ""This sh!t be mad wack, yo.""Awesome game for those who can't afford Red Dragon, rekindled my love for RTS games."
76561198093703585,Recommended,222750,10465671,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,dgbug3,"This is a slow RTS, you have to think methodically and realistically is a awesome game. I did not think the game needed a sequel for awhile, but then they released Red Dragon.Anyway this game releases a lot of new countries. The main issue with the UI is that they have a hard time comparing units from the game to another faction. It also is a little confusing between say infantry when one shows up as a special or you select 1979 for beginners. I have played this series and understand the dynamics and am outlining some problems you may come across. The campaign in this one is intriguing but is only in sweden which ultimately lacks the huge massive conflict of Europe, but also adds some neat Total war-esque type of ideas.The gameplay is more like a tug of war. Whoever controls the zone (which needs a little more work on capturing zones.)  has the advantage and begins to put in play more units on the board.Airland battle does have it's flaws, but the game is far superior to Red Dragon. It is way better then EE."
,Recommended,222750,5585694,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Foch Off,"Good RTS and great gameplay, you will enjoy if you love having to really fight for your victories. Its got awesome multi too, with 10 guys!"
76561198073653796,Recommended,222750,6732833,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Deathgliders,this is a great game
,Recommended,222750,10394124,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,SpookyGuardsman,"This game makes rts fun, it has explosions, napalm, airstrikes, more explosions, tanks, infantry that can run at horse-speed, helicopter pilots that hum colourfull tunes, Russians, some Slavs, some Poles, Points, it looks great, it runs great and it is easy to learn but hard to master (No really) !"
,Recommended,222750,8456869,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,iekue,"Simply one of the best RTS games right now. It takes a while to get into, but when you do, the game gets more fun everytime u play it :)."
76561198053626251,Recommended,222750,8459011,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,sgsanderson101,it as good as a hot cup of tea on a cold day
76561198007128209,Recommended,222750,8459365,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,brainy_si,"Incredible game, strongly recommend it."
76561197972974270,Recommended,222750,8459421,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Styxx42,"This is a fantastic Multiplayer War game.One of the best I have played in many a year.Graphics are awesome.  Gameplay is clean, fast and fun.Deck building really adds an element I never thought I would enjoy.  But I do.Craft your own custom Army is what deck Building it.Got this for a really great price on Steam, or I would not have purcahsed it.Coulple things I would like them to do in the next iteration of this game.Join in Progress.  Hard to do but doable.  Also custom amount of points for starting and what is earned.That way if you wanted small unit games you could do it.Also limiting the types of units allowed would be a nice touch.Over all I highly recommend this game."
76561198006005968,Recommended,222750,8460673,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Smashbones,"Very complex, great fun anyway."
76561198056803852,Recommended,222750,8380310,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Sarn,"This is a very tactical strategy game, with amazing graphics and physics. In the beginning of gameplay, you may be overwhelmed, but you'll get the hang of it soon enough. The Global Chat in the game... is normal for the Internet I guess. There are some very, very good players in this game, but don't let that discourage you.P.S. If you are a noob, ask for help. Some people out there want to help noobs, surprizingly."
76561198093540006,Recommended,222750,10539500,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Chrischun30,Pretty dope
,Recommended,222750,199818,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Shader,"One of the most satisfying game i've ever played. The realism of combat rivals Arma 2, but on a way larger scale.The most epic encounter was the 10v10 battle where tactics of various kinds are employed by player around the world in real time."
76561198017165848,Recommended,222750,7887812,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,LORDBURNS,"Best strategy out there, just no competition atm since CA keeps messing up the total wars :( cant wait for red dragon :)"
,Recommended,222750,7454290,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,김일성,"This is one of the best RTS games to come out this year. The scale of the game in terms of tactics and units is enormous and there are tonnes of different ways to play the game. If you get sick of one play style you can easily create a new deck, swap tactics, and have many more hours of original playtime ahead of you. 9/10 would buy again."
76561197993003926,Recommended,222750,7941273,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,CobraCatcherOne,Tis game is really good fun and suprisingly deep is a bit difficult for new players
76561198092352947,Recommended,222750,10253329,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,weiluntan1993,Amazing game! Love the realism
76561198071783046,Recommended,222750,10257723,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,InsaneOrangutan,"Great modern warfare strategy game, lots of fun."
76561198118731502,Not Recommended,222750,10488415,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,cooloman11,"I really tried hard to like this game, but for an average gamer like me I was completely confused and ended up deleting it."
,Recommended,222750,1718156,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,schurem,Intricate and realistic while also looking real good. Easy to learn but very hard to master. I can't reccomend this enough. It's like an endless toy box full of every cold war weapon that you can think of. I cant reccomend it enough!
76561198084516588,Recommended,222750,11091968,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Canadian Knight,"Man, I love this game! I highly suggest it! I always love seeing my Canadian Leopard C1 advance side-by-side with the American Abrams, blowing up commies... man I love being Canadian.. anyway, I suggest this game"
,Recommended,222750,3431990,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Scanny,"Superb RTT, highly reccomend."
,Recommended,222750,10781328,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,yohon,great gme
,Recommended,222750,10772160,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,treyburke3,"This game is the epitomy of what a RTS should be. No need to gather resources here folks, instead you have to control objective zones to gain points to bring in reinforcements. So basically if you have taken some objectives, you get rewarded with being able to call in more troops. Be aware that there is a bit of learning curve associated with the game, but after 15-20 matches you'll be able to begin making strategic maneuvers towards winning.Also, you have to love the deck system the game implements. There are well over a 1000 units you can utilize, some specifically tied to one of the 8 NATO or 4 PACT countries. You can use an open multinational deck to get access to a variety of units. Or you can limit yourself to a doctrine and/or country to really boost the amount of troops you have available to you.All in all, highly recommend this game."
76561197994239241,Recommended,222750,10885408,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,OMFG|^6Knackfuss,"nice game- add workshop, mod etc- make it sandbox! (but please no zombies)- why it doesnt support my tablet?!?! RTS needs additonal tablet controls (minimap, hud on tablet etc.)haha enjoy!"
76561198019726006,Recommended,222750,10732986,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,vulpes,I liek this gaem.
76561198066269348,Recommended,222750,10737629,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,marcetv,Really fun and with a Tom Clancy feeling on the campaign
,Recommended,222750,2547849,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Staphylococcus0,"If you like RTS games and want to play with Cold War Tech, this is the game. Campaingns are kinda short, but dynamic so they are different everytime."
76561198041229157,Recommended,222750,4731497,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,Niclas1362 ッ,^^
,Recommended,222750,11056933,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Fireyygaming,This game is awesome one of the best Miltary RTS out there you will enjoy it
,Recommended,222750,11042894,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,BrotherRekt,This game is overall pretty awesome! The combat can be incredibly intense but still stays fluid and keeps you on your toes. My only complaint is the deck system. I'm not a big fan but I know it's kind of Wargame's thing. I would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,222750,11073430,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Master Yin Shu,"This is one of the best real time strategy games that I have had the pleasure of playing. And when I say the best I'm comparing it to other icons in strategy gaming such as Command and Conquer and Age of Empires. However, after several hours of playing this game I can tell you that the learning curve is terribly steep. Either you know how to play it or you don’t, it’s that simple. I’ve been playing this game for several months now and I'm still having trouble with the game online, though it’s not the games fault. No, I blame every one else for being better than I am! The game its self is pretty simple to play. It’s the same basic controls that you find in every other strategy game so new players shouldn’t have to worry.One of the best bits of War Game: Airland Battle is the attention to detail throughout the game. Ironically when I first discovered this franchise I brushed it of as some games made in the early 2000s and not worth my time. But the graphics alone are good enough to invest into this. It takes a huge map and that is nice on its own and lets you zoom in to ground level to see the grass waving in the field. It’s amazing, and totally blew my first theory out of the water. Also they don’t just send your troops out with infinite ammo. Instead you have to pay attention to supplying your troops if you want to win, and I appreciate those details.Still there are some other minor issues with the game play. One of them is that its way to easy to spot infantry. I don’t think that a tank is going to spot a platoon of infantry laying prone in a field with waist high grass from 2000 meters. I just can’t see that happening in actuality. Another issue with the game is a bit too accurate with military units. Most people have no idea about the names or functions of most military hard wear. It was difficult for me the first times that I played and I study up on military history for the heck of it, just to give you an idea how tough it is to wrap your head around it. This game is full of it, which adds to the learning curve that is already insane. And that’s just with NATO, when you get to the PACT your just about ready to give up. Don’t do that. Keep working at it and one day you will find that you understand, and that’s a great feeling.After continually suffering defeats one day I managed to do something good. It was a simple action, all that I did was move some infantry into the path of the enemy thus halting their advance, but it was good. In the biggest reason this game is so good is because it is challenging and difficult, but it makes the little victories all the sweeter. So if you are looking for a game that is both fun and challenging invest in this. Trust me, it will be worth it."
,Recommended,222750,11064793,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Supplice VI,"This isn't an RTS. This is a battlefield simulator.Let me paint a scenario for you: My defensive line has crumpled under the weight of a zerg of T34s and T55s. A detachment of marines, aided by an M1A1 Abrams tank, are stranded in a city near the middle of the map. At my last and final command point, lays a thin line of M1 Abrams, three to be exact, 2 M113 APCs armed with Vulcan Miniguns, and a cluster of Chapperall SAM sites. My deploy points are numerous, but I have exhausted nearly all my units. My air force is a team of 2 resupply chinooks, 4 Apache helicopters, a Huey command vehicle, an F117 Nighthawk, an F111 Ardvark (armed with cluster bombs), and an F18C.I had very little in terms of options. I could spawn a couple of recon HMMWVs, but they are only armed with M134 miniguns, useless against armor. I strengthen my line with them, and peer over the rest of my available units. 6 Blackhaws filled with Delta Force infantry, 2 Blackhawks with Ranger recon units, and a Kiowa recon chopper. I deploy my last hope towards the edge of the map. My goal is to cut off the enemy's air passage, their home base. If I do this, It could serve a vital blow to the enemy and would permit my bombers to hunt and kill the remaining command vehicles, which, without, they will lose the match.My recon units land nearby, with my delta units following a safe distance back. Their FOB is spotted, along with their artillery and a SAM site. My delta force lines up in a bush, waiting for a strike from the F117 on the SAM so that my ardvark could carpet bomb the area. Just then, my recon unit discovers an armor column of nearly 20 BTRs. The F117 drops it's bomb, and the carpet bombing commences. Half the column dies, the other half engages my delta force. My units quickly disperse into the woods, where it is easier to defend against armor. Just then, their command vehicle lights up, in the same patch of woods as my delta force. Suddenly, the air passage becomes neutral. I rush in my command huey.After an arduous fight, my delta team secures the forest and the surrounding area. There is a hill to the south that has around 90 footsoldiers, as my resupply chinook discovered while attempting to resupply delta. I use the word attempt for a reason. The footsoldiers are mostly just infantry, but there are two AA groups embedded, making an air attack impossible. My recon unit by now has scouted the entire north end of the map, coming across the straggling infantry, easily erasing them. I then push my scout Kiowa north of my original base, my current final stand. The armor seems to have vanished towards the hill, so I moved my previously stranded marines just north of the Kiowa, essentially blockading the enemy onto a small, but very dangerous hill.The problem was that there were only 2 ways to get onto the hill with vehicles, and there were 15 or so T55s, supported by 30 or so BTRs, along with 90 footsoldiers. At the time, my units had not discovered a collection of 5 T72s, 4 jeeps with Konkurs AT mounted, and 2 Tunguska AAA that were also on that hill. The north enterance was blocked by my delta force, but they couldn't advance because they were in the open while the footsoldiers on the hill were in the cover of dense trees. The marines and Abrams tanks to the south couldn't advance because the T55s were embedded and outnumbered the Abrams 3-1.My Kiowa reveals all of the previously unkown enemy positions before getting destroyed by a tunguska. I call in my F117 and demolish the tunguska. One less threat. I have my Ardvarks carpet bomb the forest twice. By the amount of points I earned, I could reasonably guess I did some major damage. Now was my time to shine. The Marines, backed by the Abrams, pushed over the hill, supported by Apaches. Just when all the fire was directed at them, my delta force came in from behind. The marines and Abrams were demolished, the entire front nearly eradicated. Before they could pull back, they lost all but 1 tank and 3 marines. My Delta, on the other hand, evicerated the enemy. Their footsoldiers were gone. One T55 remained. 2 BTRs. I pushed up my marines one last time, and my delta force followed suit. The hill, bloody as it was, became ours.Puzzled, I scouted the hill. The enemy must have moved the command vehicle in the chaos. It was nowhere to be found. Just then, the air corridor that my delta previously liberated turned red, meaning they recaptured the base. Bad news. By this point, the enemy barely had any units left to command as well. They did have jets, though. Two Mig25s streaked above, and circled for a pass on the remnants of my units. I looked at the air corridor. The only place he/she could really put the command vehicle, where it was not in the open, was a very small patch of trees. Through a desperate strike, I carpet bombed the forest. Just as my bombs touched down, the screen froze. Then, just as the screen faded, I saw a vehicle explode in the woods. The last enemy command vehicle was eliminated.""Minor Victory"", it was called. It didn't seem minor. My forces were zerged almost into obliteration. Then, from a stroke of pure luck, a strategic placement of special forces turned the tide of the battle, which helped un-strand the remnants of my fighting force, which gave themselves in order to secure a hill the enemy used as their last bastion. Then, from another hail mary, my bombers managed to hit a needle in a haystack. That was total victory, in my opinion.It's a game where you can easily get attached to units, and get frustrated and angry over their loss. You can go from a massive armor column staring you in the face to a DIY scrapyard, all because a teammate decided to throw some artillery your way. It's a game decided not on what you have, but how you use it.If that description of a recent battle of mine doesn't interest you, then this game isn't for you. If you were enthralled by each and every word and intruiged by the strategy involved, buy this game. It won't dissapoint."
,Recommended,222750,7158578,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Shooting star,Very nice!!!!!
,Recommended,222750,10971667,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Pedro ACE,"A complex and quick thinking/acting RTS for wargamers.The number of units and it's details are amazing. Knowing them and their strong points and weaknesses is necessary to ensure victory, which should be easy for military ""connoisseurs"", but might be a challenge for others.The interface could be a bit better."
,Recommended,222750,11362952,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Silver Surfer,this game is so fun
76561198006782984,Not Recommended,222750,11112600,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,seriouskyle,"I got so fed up with this game I deleted it. I don't know if it was some update or what, but my units would go full retard as the computer team (with apparently infinate unit points) would plow through my entire strategy without taking a single casualty. My units that were well hidden would be seen from a mile away and annhilated while my tanks would be face to face with a, clearly visible muzzle flash but no unit.It's a shame because it started so good. I was doing very well in one of the campaignes and was enjoying the game when suddenly, one day, I decided to become impossible to play.I had to delete this game before I chucked my computer out the window."
76561198061083039,Recommended,222750,12073942,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,bjornbearstruck,Authentic epic modern conflict; fast paced and easy to learn for beginners yet challenging for experienced players of this type of game.
76561198056212336,Recommended,222750,11906183,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Thunderspartan177,Very tough game with steep learning curve but addictive.
76561198103507270,Recommended,222750,11941242,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Dentist,this is a really good game for those who like military strategy
76561198106047165,Recommended,222750,9888122,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,brittenclose,"A great game, but lacking in key features.This game is primarily for Cold War era military enthusiats. There is a great amount of detail regaurding untis, and stunning visuals. The game is well balance, offering a challenge without being impossible.Yet it lacks a polish. You 'rank up', but your rank is meaningless. You can kill hundreds of enemies, but your progress goes nowhere beyond the stats bar. It would be nice to see some kind of reward for your heroic achievments. But no. You just keep playing, and conquering, and with every round, the next one starts with a blank slate... a shame.This game can be played again and again from different angles, using different 'decks' and variables, but if you are looking for unlocks and achievements - if you are the kind of person who needs to see that you are making some sort of progress or impact - then the game gets old before it should."
76561198071827138,Recommended,222750,9920873,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,TribunusInfinitusExtraordinarii,"Hands down the best RTS I have ever played. Incredible amount of units, absolutely gorgeous to look at, fantastically challenging to learn, and a total blast to play."
76561197964905568,Recommended,222750,9904489,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Cake Farts,Requires some actual strategy and patients.  Got a bit boring though.  I never bothered trying multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,222750,9801635,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,goarack,can i trade this for some other game just not what i was expecting at all and sorry i just dont care for it
,Recommended,222750,5674719,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,Glocknade Clipazine,put the swag in the bag and play this gmae becasue it is garbage can.potatoes is good
76561198023557901,Recommended,222750,3485687,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Ovrlord1-4Actual,AWESOME!! JUST AWESOME!!
76561197961906069,Recommended,222750,8461950,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ausknipsr,"This is hands down one of the best strategy games i`ve ever played. Realism paired with hundrets of units and pretty graphics. If you liked SuddenStrike or WiC, buy this. Everyone else who is into RTS, buy it too."
,Recommended,222750,8464957,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,matt.perez9,Great game..very challenging. Like the game RUSE but more complex and way better units. Recommend only to advanced strategy players. Lots of replay value here like Total War Series.
,Recommended,222750,8465879,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Evil Crouton,swag
76561197981947869,Recommended,222750,8527933,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,TapoCa,"Wargame: Airland Battle features marvelously executed in depth strategic and tactical gameplay. A wide array of units will keep you occupied for hours on end, even while still learning the game.But be warned, if youre not into a realistic real time strategy game that is relentless and unforgiving, this wont be for you. Also learning the game takes time and dedication to a certain degree. Many things you will only learn by making the same mistake several times until youve realized what the mistake actually was, or by reading guides and watching tutorials. There are plenty of features that arent obvious at first, but very well thought through after youve discovered and examined them.Realism is a big part of the game, and most things you would think are realistic are very likely implemented.To give some examples: Tanks cant shoot downhill, as their cannon cant turn that low in most situations. Every little house on the huge maps blocks line of sight, thus blocking shots. Every Unit has ammunition and fuel, running out of these gives you obvious problems. Soldiers standing in a field burning and being bombed WILL loose morale and run or simply die.Every unit feels different and has different characteristics, and to know them all gives you a great advantage, but is also quite the feat considering there are over 800 of them. You being able to build your own combination of units (called decks) give near endless posibilities and makes every player able to find just the combination that feels right to him.Also the Game looks gorgious considering the large scale: while you command hundreds of soldiers and dozens of tanks at a time, you can still zoom into the map the whole way and marvel at the detail of that one Apache helicopter flying over a forest.This Review was written with 25 hours on record, and today i played my first online match just to get a feeling of how good the competition is. And i was utterly destroyed. It is hard, nothing like the ""big"" rts titles, and alot of fun, especially if you buy it with a friend, you both learn at the same time and test each others skills. But i guess every game is more fun with your friends."
76561197988805557,Recommended,222750,8529673,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ForkTailedDevil,Really loving this game a vast improvement over European Escalation.
,Recommended,222750,8542884,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TikaKino,"With the lack of an ""unlock"" system for units and the addition of strike aircraft in a believable and still useful fashion, this is a massive improvement over the already-interesting Wargame: European Escalation. Hard to get in to but very rewarding when you do!"
76561198045643463,Recommended,222750,10014178,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Police375,"I,m not sure why I have not made a review for this game up untill now, as of right now I have 192 hours on Wargame: Airland Battle. Overall its is really balanced neither side is better then the other. in the game each army is a deck made up of unit cards, each unit card u get cost so many points, and the more units u get in one category, the more points the next one will cost. As for each category it has its own counter  like sams are good against plane but useless againt ground, unless its a canadian adats.Now  for the maps there is alot to choose from. Highway to oslo is problaly the funnest map to me. In Wargame: Airland Battle there is 7 categorys of units    command,infantry,tanks,support,vhiecles,helos and planes all are good in there own way command vhiecles can capture sectors on the map which give u depolyment points to buy more units, support could be aa,rocket arty,arty, and mortors all are helpfull it is the best strategy game I know of. So overall a 10/10 it is really good recomend it for strategy players."
76561198030756721,Recommended,222750,10017693,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,divinasdeamon,Awesome RTS game here!!! Hours of fun for multiplayer!!!
,Recommended,222750,9654977,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,FOSSIL,I RECOMMEND
76561198006619730,Not Recommended,222750,9577244,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Freeform,"Buy world in conflict... not much else i can say.I played this and all I thought was... ""where's my copy of world in conflict? I haven't played that in ages""Wargame single player is messyWorld in conflict single player has great story, great missions.....Alec BaldwinWaregame multiplayer is meant to be fun...I only played skirmish aginst the computer and just thought it messy and a poorer version of 'few players mode' of world in confict.so i'll finish with how I started... Buy world in conflict."
76561197967740663,Not Recommended,222750,9584083,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,v1516,I make another mistakes!!!
76561198056531085,Recommended,222750,8130346,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,doge king,if this game dosnt make jump on thew edge of your seat and yell at your computer screen then your a ♥♥♥♥♥. ps. its awsome get it
,Recommended,222750,2807555,"Posted: 24 April, 2013",all,BIG RUSSIAN MAN WITH BIG DICK,"♥♥♥♥ing fantastic game. So much better than European Escalation (Its not completely different but the maps are bigger and better, more realistic combat, JETS?!?!, and alllloooooot of improvments to the engine). Would recomend to any one who enjoys RTS games."
,Not Recommended,222750,9787210,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Grace Mugabe,Great potential but impossible (for me) to achieve victory!
76561198066288702,Recommended,222750,9720163,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,XxREDxZON3xX,"This game is such a big upgrade from R.U.S.E. and I have to say that was one of my Favorite RTS to play in a long time especially on a bigger scale map to a mere shrinking small size to see the units on the field. This game is a fun game to play, it is really intracuite and it takes some time to actually become a good player at this game. Online is a killer fun, more fun than CoH and I have every single CoH game and I can tell you this is a totally different expierence from CoH series and or MoW series that have come out. This game is a blast and I suggest you guys try it cause it is a beautiful but yet deadly game of strategy and out smarting and moving your oppenent!Very awesome game! Love it!"
76561197968515916,Recommended,222750,318851,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,WereChihuahua,This is the REAL DEAL of RTS. It's not about how fast you can click or spamming uber-units. Real tactics are rewarded and gamey BS is smacked down hard. The dynamic campaigns are stellar additions to an already great game system along with about 750 more unit types from European Escalation.
76561198066476544,Recommended,222750,6445388,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Everend Dracmarr,"Awesome RTS! 10 vs 10 battles...Single player campaign...Truely one of the best RTS games Ive played in years. Dont pass this one up...Oh, and I would really like to try playing 1 vs 1 campaign....so download so we can give it a shot."
,Recommended,222750,9756745,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Dahawktomahawk,Someone please get this game so I can play with you!
76561197982696875,Recommended,222750,9757648,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,dusty ol fella,pact a♥♥♥♥♥♥ukraine is nato
76561198035568642,Recommended,222750,4325260,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,armzngunz,"Must be the greatest RTS game I've ever played. There are a huge amount of units. Air units, tanks, infantry, artillery and much more. The battles are epic because of the BF3-looking graphics. And you got loads of possibilities due to the great amount of different strategies you can use."
,Recommended,222750,9838618,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Comrade Cliffite,A pretty good strat game where you have to know your♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198006137833,Recommended,222750,9345912,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,La Baguette Égoiste,Best RTS ever IMO!
,Recommended,222750,9348055,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Eversannik,Best RTS game i have ever played. Its a must try!
,Recommended,222750,9349804,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Lord Snoopy,Its a niche game but It has to be one of my faves 8.5/10
,Recommended,222750,8981575,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Luriss,"It is a good game, although I am crap at it it is good."
76561198036568159,Recommended,222750,8982053,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rezonus,"Large scale stratergy that actually requires stratergy, as you cant just spam some infantry and tanks to win. the key word is stratergy"
76561197992055192,Recommended,222750,8982323,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,airey,"not for the feint of heart, nor for someone looking for a casual strategy game. this game takes consentration and offers a difficulty level that ramps up quickly. well worth the effort and pays off good game playing."
76561198024123846,Recommended,222750,9094615,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,jakenator96,"This game has a fairly large learning curve so I must warn people who just want to pickup and play this, but once you get past that you have a rewarding and indepth RTS with massive amounts of customization, and I can honestly say I have had hours of fun playing this game."
76561198043640915,Recommended,222750,9095294,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Drizzy Drake,u proly suk if udnt lik ths gam
76561198038768213,Recommended,222750,9095536,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,QuantumKnight,Awesome game best RTS of 2014
,Recommended,222750,6308846,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,"Tom ""The Cruiser"" Cruise","An amazing stratgy game game set in a cold war gone hot. Explosion lovers and history buffs alike will love this game. I being both, it is beyond any RTS I've ever played."
,Recommended,222750,9067351,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,YOUR FATHER,i can genuinely not express how much i am addicted to this right now
76561198012973812,Recommended,222750,9069858,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Manuel Nino,"Excellent game, with the most detailed and realistic units I have ever seen in a game. The maps are on a huge scale. 105mm artillery units fire up to 15 kilometers away and you will find yourself NOT in range sometimes! Again truly a magnificent accomplishment I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,222750,9071123,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,157,This game is so complicated that it is unbelievable... A great reason to get it!! One of the best overview strategy games!
,Recommended,222750,9071128,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Super Hans,Best stragy game ever!
76561197986689874,Recommended,222750,9085050,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,PaddyCdo,Proper good
76561198115662567,Recommended,222750,9085965,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SGT Griff,"Wargame is a great example of the requirement of skill, cooperation, and teamwork in order to reach a similar goal. This is one of the best strategy games I have ever encountered and hope others feel the same about this great game!"
76561197992596467,Recommended,222750,9087155,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,goodman528,"Best company for supporting a game series and listening to the fans. Best military simulation strategy game ever made. Open world game, great community, what more can you ask for?"
,Recommended,222750,9087527,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Person,This Game Is The♥♥♥♥♥♥..
76561198042151425,Recommended,222750,10044664,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Tomness,Great strategy game where you have to actualy think what you are doing and provides a decent challenge!
76561197991192186,Recommended,222750,9996672,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,eric watt,"Buy this game, you will not be dissappointed at all!"
,Recommended,222750,9079236,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,mount,"Unrelenting, brutal, and sexy. Hard to pickup, and even harder to master. Easily in my top ten favorite games of all time, and with a responsive development team to boot."
76561197973384533,Recommended,222750,9493559,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Heinbar®,"The top of the line in the RTS universe.Hard, huge, amazing units choice (and for once something else than the usual USA/UK/RUSS/GER Quatuor.)Ho and it's a French game ! Cocorico"
,Recommended,222750,9536756,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Foxx,This is one of the greatest RTS games i've ever played. I would recommend this to anyone that likes RTS games.
76561198074997940,Recommended,222750,9536974,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,psycho banana,RTS (real time stratigy) at it's best! love this game. :D
76561198093346427,Recommended,222750,9505026,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Nukafan77,One of the best strategy games I have ever played I would say it's a must buy for any RTS fan.
,Recommended,222750,9543655,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,ARHYST,"After almost 500 hours of online gameplay, i need to say that this game is now easy to play and i finally understand what am i actually doing. I finally made usefull decks for my strategy. Well made deck is 40% of your vistory.This game is VERY hard. If you have time and will, and you are fan of RTS games, then buy this. In other way, dont waste any of it. You will regret.Also, i must say that PACT players are far more better then NATO players. And the best NATO players learned to play this game harder way...as PACT players. Just saying..."
76561198098730157,Recommended,222750,9555198,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Jiffycornbread,"Best RTS i've ever played, extremely detailed, and fast, difficult multiplayer gameplay. I don't think im quite ready for 10v10s yet though XD"
,Recommended,222750,9439612,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Triggaruk,Brilliant Game love the detail of the Units
76561198090774866,Recommended,222750,9439994,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,bambo97,this game for who love strategy game such us command and conquer
76561198022304567,Recommended,222750,9440679,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Vegas,"Wargame: Airland Battle is hands down one of the best RTS games I've ever played. I never heard of it until my friend recommended it to me and begged me to try it out. So I eventually picked it up when it was on sale and I would've paid full price for this wonderous game.If you really enjoy 'modern' combat this is the RTS for you. Its very in depth, very well thought out, ACTUALLY requires strategy. I've seen Cat C decks destroy normally players because they simply out think the enemy. There are only a few really annoying units such as the Nighthawk and sometimes the BUK. But again all RTS games have that problem.9/10, only a few balance issues I'd highly picking up the next installment when it comes out in the coming months."
76561197985343666,Recommended,222750,9420785,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,71st_AH_Splinter,"The best realistic stratagy rts evor, a mass of units and nations to fight as, advanced stratagy along with great graphic and huge maps make this game fantastic, with co op campaigns and competative online multiplayer including  massive 10 vs 10 battles there is something for everyone.... 10 / 10"
,Recommended,222750,339611,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Pastor NirO,"A rts-game that is a real challenge to master i believe, it is a ""more indepth"" strategy game compared to CoH, with limited units and you can make your own regiments etc..i really enjoy this game"
76561198018660966,Recommended,222750,9434957,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Ned_Stark,a truly epic game on a huge scale. the draw back being it can be confusing how the point system works in the begining put you'll get the hang of it :)
76561198031190746,Recommended,222750,9434981,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,troytech,i have yet to get bored with this game and all im doing is offline skirmishes!
,Not Recommended,222750,9584860,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Memory_Foam,I would rather play bingo at the nursing home than play this.
76561198047506041,Recommended,222750,9586313,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Che,"I say 9.5/10.Its truely something amazing weather you want a Single-player military simulator or Multi-player.Wargame: Airland Battle is the thing youve been looking for its amazing, worth its price, wont fail to challenge you, this RTS istruely the new baby of other games like red alert, world in conflict and supreme commander but much much better.. to be honest you cant even say anything in comparison this is just WOW.The scale of things is truely amazing this packs a punch both Graphically and with the ability to create your own Decks (battlegroup) for a battle...Go on, go get it, battle it, win it !"
,Recommended,222750,9588421,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Top Crocodile Only,"47 hours into this game and I am comfortable saying that this game is one of the best RTS games in the last 5 years.  It takes itself as seriously (and plays a bit like) the Close Combat series, with clean real-time tactical RTS gameplay backed by one of the best turn-based stratigic planning I have seen in a mixed strat/tact game.During RTS play, it does seem to fall in between squad level and platoon level, and not in a well thought out way, but in an awkward way.  The UI could also use some updates, for example, there is a concept of cover, but no way to tell that a unit is covered or not.  Or your infantry comes with jeeps (or APCs, helos, etc.), but you can't control how they start, so when defending, I can lose huge amount of infantry before I can get them to evac their trucks.  I feel like a pause option would solve a lot, but only for single player.Overall, this is a fun game for serious players.  Expect to lose quite a bit until you get an understanding of the machanics, which took me about 4-6 hours."
,Recommended,222750,11973538,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Show bobs and vagene,Fun game
,Recommended,222750,1601539,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Cheese🅱urger A🅱ocalypse,"Everything myself and my friends said about European Escalation, but better and with planes."
,Recommended,222750,12097358,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,THE BIG CHEV,Well at first when i bought this game i have bought the bundle of wargame. I thought oh what have i done was this a waste of money well then i played a little of it learned the controls now this game is great PVP is amazing and even offline is fun. It's a good RTS and yes it is worth the money.
,Recommended,222750,9391193,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,✪RiC3,This Game > Life
76561198090364374,Recommended,222750,9623896,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Epicdog56,Very interesting strategy game
76561198093707921,Recommended,222750,8346735,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rylanor,"This is the most complicated game I have ever played. It's crazy stupid fun, sometimes frustrating, always amusing when you get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you by Canada.Pros:1. Fun gameplay (If a bit confusing)2. Mostly helpful community3: Very fun for screwing aroundCons:1. Relatively big size (9.1 Gigs)2. Gameplay is REALLY confusing at first3. You will probably get frustrated at it if you think you are getting something like Warzone or Dawn of War 1.9 out of 10Really recommended for the hardcore strategy player, but still incredibly fun and gorgeous to look at."
76561197983710793,Recommended,222750,9376016,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,GoodStrafe,"The deck building alone is this game is fun for me, not sure if that makes me boring but HEY! Has a lot going for it, I love the limited ammount of troops you are able to deploy each round - after a while this helps you get better as you value your troops more than you would in other rts games where you can keep producing them.  The graphics are fantastic and runs smooth as silk - I can't wait for the next game to come out!"
76561198091375802,Recommended,222750,21361034,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,FF.RichieRich,"Watched one my F-15's get shot down by a Mig-17, withdrew because that's unrealistic.11/10"
,Recommended,222750,20306296,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,StickyCucumber,A-10 Bwwwwww Simulator  .....But for real its great but mulitplayer is pretty much dead if you wanted to play online get a friend todo it wiht
76561198072238232,Recommended,222750,21375793,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Sycoperson,"I would recommend this game for people who enjoy developing different battle plans, unforgiving tactics, and having a good amount of realism. The game seems to simulate actual warfare pretty well, and if you mess up even if it's a small thing it could change the entire battle outcome from a win to a loss from either forgetting to recon ahead or losing a small amount of units."
76561198007284124,Recommended,222750,21404043,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,ESKEHL,"I never tried Wargame: European Escalation, but from what I could see it had lots of potential by being a more realistic version of World In Conflict. I knew the developers, Eugen Systems, since before with Act of War, which I enjoyed far more than the contemporary Command & Conquer: Generals.When Wargame: Airland Battle was out I couldn`t resist to try it out, now with air warfare, it completed the picture for me. Indeed my first attempts at trying the game in skirmish basically gave me chills. This is close to commanding real troops on a modern warfare I`ve come in any game ever. The game has an easy used deck system were your force is assembled. Here you can choose among all different kinds of alternatives of how force composition. It`s gives a rare degree of freedom for the player.Even the battles are truly amazing. The battles are basically take about taking strategic zones on the battlefield by placing a command vehicle inside the zone. Doing this requires the player to think strategically as well as tactically, given that many units need micro management. This makes the game really diverse, were you control a large battle from the tactical standpoint of were to best deploy, for example anti-armor infantry, to do maximum damage, and from a strategic stand point of how to best advance on the battlefield. Similar to R.U.S.E, the developers gives the player the ability to zoom in and zoom out so basically you can get really close to the battle, as well as see the game out of a strategic viewpoint over the whole map. This is tricky at first but after playing for a while, I absolutely loved how the battles were played out!The campaign mixes thing up a bit by introducing Scandinavia in ""turn-based sort of"" campaign, were you control divisions of either Warsaw pact nations or NATO nations, trying to either conquer or defend Scandinavia. Since I`ve heard that the previous Wargame had a linear campaign, I think this is a big step forward given that the campaign is fast to play through, but rarely boring and each playthrough offers different chllanges given that the AI plays a bit differently.The sad part about this game is that the campaign is only about Scandinavia. I would have been more satisified by a game that covered western and northern europe, in a big convetional war. This would have been way cooler. Otherwise, this is a RTS-game like no other. The only thing that keeps it from enduring greatness is a better singleplayer, and of course, more outreach from the developers and distributors the strategy community.The game is simply unknown to many because it`s not properly marketed."
,Recommended,222750,21491468,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Alpacalyps3,"So you think you're good with RTS games... one round in and you'll be reminded that you are not in fact Rommel, Patton, or Sun Tzu himself, but are instead a scrub sitting on a computer wishing you were. This game right here is brutal, and I wouldn't have it any other way. The mere fact that the AI wiped me out with nothing but artillery because I was attempting a blitz has more than made this game worth it's price. It's such a simple strategy for teh AI to use against my more complex tactical infantry push. In order to be anywhere near succesful, you have to recon the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your enemy. It's not like those AoE or EE or even SC where you know where your enemy is and you rush them. Oh no, you have to think 5 steps ahead of a machine whose sole purpose is to think. Think that air superiority is more your speed, well my friend, you aren't thinking. Gotta use those planes carefully, because just like in RL, they get hit with 1, rarely 2 missiles, it's gone forever."
76561198042035707,Recommended,222750,21609119,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,187 iq,VERY HARD BUT I DONT GET IT I HEARD
,Recommended,222750,7699795,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,[GW] Killnaytor™,A good game if you like to strategy and real time action Simulators... A must download for all war strategists...
,Recommended,222750,377504,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,WIns_jbMurdock,"One of the hardest and best RTS games out there. If you like some realism, modern military units and huge battlefields in RTS games this one is for you. Hard to learn, even harder to master, but always very addictive."
76561198064922521,Recommended,222750,7753176,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kev,"It is a great game with some truly jaw dropping moment but it is also very difficult and as such, it can leave one feeling a bit burned out and frustrated after a while.I have never played it online because I imagine as I struggle offline I would be nothing but meat for the multiplayer grinder is why not."
,Recommended,222750,7753416,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sirian 03,"Leagues better then Wargame: European Escalation, and yet, largely the same game. I can't put my finger on how it is better or what is different about it, but it's a really great game."
,Recommended,222750,7581319,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"Essentially another classic RTS game hopelessly neglected for other titles. I'll go into more detail later I suppose, but I sincerely wish more people would give this title a shot."
76561197981885817,Recommended,222750,7773922,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,McTavius,Great game. Highly recommend for those interested in a realistic RTS that doesn't require spamming. The game really creates some awesome moments. Nothing can compare tearing through a tank assault with an A10 or napalming a forest after having your own armoured assault destroyed by some pesky ATGM teams in the tree line.
,Recommended,222750,4033479,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,SaMTEx,THIS GAME IS AWESOME. Why?1. This game look fantastic.2. All the vehicle are from the cold war and past.3. Its real time. not turn based.4. Very fun to play with friends and co-op5. the most important. FREE DLC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111
76561198062861140,Recommended,222750,7771059,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,TheAverageGamer,A bit confusing at first but after you get the hang of everything it is brilliant.
76561197982090798,Recommended,222750,921323,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,wackydude101,"Great game with some nice feature like the deck builder. Comes with a large selection of playable nations and units, with good gameplay and challenging AI that will make you think and change your taticts......well worth a look for any RTS fan"
,Recommended,222750,1207572,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Blob,Would like my money back
,Recommended,222750,1495207,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Constantine,Operation Garbo ;)
,Recommended,222750,3549862,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Hello,Really Good
76561198103933991,Recommended,222750,7758866,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Craigular,If you like military strategy in the RTS genre this game is for you. I've played a lot of Command and Conquer/Starcraft and I find this game to be superior. The deck buliding is a unique twist and allows for personalization of ones forces. All in all a fantastic game.
76561197992462800,Recommended,222750,7759352,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,JT_Varius,"This is one of those few strategy games that will keep you coming back for more. The sheer number of units available to players prompts an almost unlimited combo of units that you can field in multiplayer battles, and almost any play style. The addition of aircraft to the series was very well done. Multiplayer stresses teamwork to win battles. The single player campaign is not bad, but certainly not the core strength of this game."
,Recommended,222750,1600128,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Phobic,"Friends who want this, hurry and take the plunge while it's on sale! The learning curve is more of a cliff, but strangely it's a really low cliff. It's hard to pick up, but after finishing the tutorials you'll get it. You go from ""Ok WTF am I supposed to be doing?!"" to ""♥♥♥♥ING N00BS GET OUT OF MY SERVER"" in about 2 hours."
76561198036406683,Recommended,222750,7779791,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Geekman1942,"Great game, get it."
,Recommended,222750,7780568,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,The SheepDogg,"Great strategy / RTS, No base building to be found in it though if thats your thing.  But very realistic and wonderful graphics.  Lots of post release support and a good comunity including 10v10 matches that are ranked, tournaments are a yes for this game aswell!  Would give it an 8!"
76561198036141480,Recommended,222750,7780774,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,samli6479,"OK. The game is awesome, but the new patch cause problems for old players like me, the planes sucked..........."
,Recommended,222750,7587834,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Matt,"The Wargame series delivers some of the best RTS action out there, and Wargame: Airland Battle is no exception. If you think that this game is like every other RTS you have ever played, you will most likely find yourself suppriesd to find out that a player with a better understanding of basic tactics will beat a player with a high APM every time."
76561198044299753,Recommended,222750,7782118,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,ZerXen,"Wargame series established itself as the only real time strategy that allows you to play around with this high number of real military units of the late cold war era, and on this scale. The atmosphere of each battle is unique thanks to the large number of unit combinations (deck) that you can bring to the frontline to support your particular style of fighting.I miss a little the story campaigns of the previous Wargame: European Escalation, but dynamic campaign on global map of whole Scandinavian peninsula with CO-OP more than compensates for it.PvP multiplayer is core game feature that will put you way beyond 100 hour game time especially with the supported 10vs10 battles which allows for a unique RTS experience (and also very accessible to variously skilled players).In summary this is one RTS that shouldn't be missed as it really is a fresh wind to the classical RTS scene."
,Recommended,222750,645762,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Dr Chaos,A must have game for any collection this game has given me many hours of fun and enjoyment  and whats better it's only getting better
76561198059582025,Recommended,222750,29551559,Posted: 28 January,all,Bloempje,One of the best strategy games out there.
,Recommended,222750,3016825,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,MikechecK,Stategy on the highest level...my new favorate. Warning...Very High Learning curve.
,Recommended,222750,17195443,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,R-0,A very graphical game to be a RTS and compared to others is very tactical with ease of access. 10/10
76561197960574741,Recommended,222750,42031,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Craymar,I heartily commend this game to the house
,Recommended,222750,17173145,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,FF,I ain't a proffesional strategist but after learning the basics you can have alot of fun with this game. Every battle ain't the same and the units are modelled after their real-life counterpart. Although there aren't many players nowadays since they moved on to other things so you gotta bring a friend. Don't play with a headache.
76561198022713669,Recommended,222750,8237949,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MuffMagician,Boss tactics game. You gotta play this♥♥♥♥♥♥with me
,Recommended,222750,8348729,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lade,"I've always looked at this game and thought ""I like the graphics but it would be shallow.  I mean come on, it's just about two sides duking it out.  No meta game, no depth no longevity..""So then it goes on sale this week for 75% off and ""I said what the heck, its only $10 bucks"" and I tried it.I have just completed the tutorial campaign so take this early review for what it is.  A first look.  But my original predictions about this game were all wrong.  So much so that I feel I should write this quick recommendation so that others will give it a try.This game has depth.  There is a significant meta game in deck building and logistics.  This game gives every unit a purpose and codependancy.  Every unit is available from the beginning.  This game makes you want to learn more about it.  It has great graphics and sound effects.  The community seems friendly and willing to help.  And its not a APM click fest so normal people can compete through strategy and proper unit utilization.Do yourself a favor if your sitting on the fence about Wargame: Airland Battle.  Try it."
,Recommended,222750,8369878,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Yanto,This game is my drug.... Once you play it then you will know why!
76561198018406958,Recommended,222750,8371420,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Letark,I would trade half my steam library to keep this game. It would be worth it.
,Recommended,222750,2120976,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,CYBER TSUJIGIRI,解禁と共にソロキャンペーンをプレイしようと思ったら前作と大きく変わりターンベースパートで爆撃や国際情勢、天候や増援部隊の移動を行いつつ、接敵したらAIとスカミみたいな明らかに完成品じゃないのでは？という出来に。注目のオンラインキャンペーンもCOOPではなくそのターンベースパート入りの1on1PvP連戦という形になっている。正直残念だが、対戦はBeta時同様面白いのでARMAプレイヤーや兵器好きなら未だマストバイである。オンラインにいく前にチュートリアルをしっかり読んでプレイしようね
76561198005377769,Recommended,222750,8372895,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ndefisher,"Pretty tough game but really fun! I'd call it more ""realistic"" than anything. The only thing I'd like to see is a more global campaign, was kind of a letdown to see only one small area on a game about World War III."
,Recommended,222750,7983823,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,thewarplay,This is the best RTS game ive ever played its so awesome in every way!!!
,Recommended,222750,7983868,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Barack Obama,This is an awesome game. It is easy to pick up and play. It also runs on older hardware.
,Recommended,222750,6367200,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Teckademics,10/10 perfect rts game. I would buy this game for you it's that good!
76561198012315973,Recommended,222750,9463051,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,joemama427,"Great all around game, a must for hardcore rts fans"
76561198061286579,Recommended,222750,6210079,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Field Marshall Carl,a great sequal to a great series. definetly for the hardcore real time stratergist.
,Recommended,222750,9468002,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Ken,Excellent!!!Must buy for RTS / RTT fans!
,Recommended,222750,9468698,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Earth4,One of my favorite games of all time now. The campaign is a little lackluster but the skirmishes are great. When the sequel comes out I will actually be playing multiplayer! The best review I can give it is even after 170 hours in 7 months  I still play it almost daily.
76561198059862716,Recommended,222750,8215997,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,FireStorm Victory,"This game is a must-have for any thinker out there. Not only does WarGame manage to bring out the experience of Tactical warfare on a broad scale, but it also shows the value of ANY unit ranging from Infantry to Close Air Support Planes. If anyone really enjoys games like this, then you will really get a kick out of this!"
,Recommended,222750,1977271,"Posted: 10 June, 2013",all,Scrove,"If you like actual stratergy, then you'll love Wargame Airland Battle. The game revovles around building your army deck and using it to it's best ability against the enemy. Your fully free to bring pretty much any type of compostition you want."
,Recommended,222750,8219018,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,mwc123,Good game if you're into strategy. Not much else to say here other than to mention the awesome graphics.
76561198003552620,Recommended,222750,2178672,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,[PoE] confrication,"This took a while to get into - at least a dozen hours or so - but now it has clicked for me properly I'm really impressed with it.  It's a fair bit different from usual RTSs - maybe closest to World In Conflict out of all of them, but with a lot more depth (and, well, breadth - 800 something different units!).  Basically works like a kind of weird trading game where you try and hide your valuable units, recon your enemies valuable units, and kill them with less valuable units if you can.  No base building or build orders - just recon and applying cover and counters.  Anyhow, it's really great once it clicks."
76561198011044257,Recommended,222750,8269435,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ハートブレーク! お嬢様,임요한급 손기술이 필요하다 -ㅅ-;;
,Recommended,222750,8317735,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Captain Rogo,Amazing game even for a RTS it has amazing Graphics and i love to use dem airplanes!
,Recommended,222750,8320473,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Liam,This game is so detailed and the maps are awesome. If your a fan of RTS games or want to start playing this genre I would highly recomend this game!
,Recommended,222750,4492539,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Zaku,"Fixes practically all of European Escalation's shortcomings, making for one of the best RTS's I've ever played.  It's a fairly hardcore sim where units perform realistically (aside from some SAM and AAM ranges being nerfed to be practical on the map sizes) and has given me my hardest Cold Wargasm since World in Conflict.  It has decent infantry and aircraft gameplay, but tanks are the main focus, so make sure to have Katyusha playing in the background as you steamroll the bourgeoisie."
,Recommended,222750,8321259,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nyannnism~,"one of the best RTS i've ever play!  the best part is about tactical dicision, you mostly cannot  win it with massive unit spam but will need combine arms and a lot of support units instead of going all out with 30 tanks or sth you might think of. also the units in this game are based on real millitary units from each nation around the world(with some tweak for balancing ofc), and you have to build your army to withstand every thing your opponent might throw at you, from a wide variety of units ranged from fast mover airstrike to covert-ops infantry.as long as no one is trying to troll your game, this one worth every thing they ask for, esp when they put it up on 50-75% sales."
76561198008127668,Recommended,222750,8338102,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,sir winalot,This game is absolutely awesome. i can recommend this to any rts fan!
,Recommended,222750,8340461,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jared,"It's huge, dauntingly complex, incredibly punishing, and one of the most underrated RTS games of all time.Instead of crafting mechanics and tactics for the player to use Wargame takes a [limited] handful of real-world elements and allows the player’s tactics to evolve organically. This added responsibility lends the game an immense learning curve that, until summited, can make that game incredibly frustrating. Fortunately, the game never feels sadistic; every failure can be easily learned from and later mitigated.This game is not for everyone, but for those who accept the challenge lies an incredibly rich and rewarding strategy game."
76561198036476622,Recommended,222750,8340926,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,MacArthur2016,"10/10 Cold War simulator, would reccomend only if you're willing to git good."
76561198007270000,Recommended,222750,8343880,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Shaun_r27,Great
,Recommended,222750,8344537,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Norwegian King of Names,Nothing says♥♥♥♥♥♥than firebombing the ♥♥♥♥ out of everyone.
76561198041310329,Recommended,222750,8330011,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,-5D- The Law,"Being a realistic strategy freak, this game at first gamplay becomed one of my favorites, if probably, my favorite PLZ PLZ EUGENE SYSTEM MAKE A WARGAME 3 AND MAKE IT AS EPIC AS THIS ONE AND THE FIRST ONE!!!!HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If you like strategy where you really have to think, this is the game for you!!!!"
76561197980252248,Recommended,222750,8331857,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Uhlan,"The best, most in depth RTS on the market. More units than you can shake a stick at, a vital resupply mechanic and some of the best maps I've seen in any RTS title. I only wish there were more maps."
,Recommended,222750,8331924,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Snowins,"Great RTS, nice to have so much units, great maps, 10vs10 mp is very cool, airplanes are a great addition. Singleplayer is cool but i don't usually played, mp is where this game shines.Eugen is a great developer, listen to community feedback, DLCs for free and the game is patched constantly. No bugs whatsoever for me. I highly recommended it, best RTS i've played and waiting for Red Dragon to release."
,Recommended,222750,3990021,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,adegie,Airland Battle takes a great Wargame playing model and makes it even more interesting by adding well-balanced planes.
76561198042937070,Recommended,222750,8330355,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[USMC]eman0311,"this game is AMAZING few servers that have ppl but theres one or 2 with full servers and controls are easy for starters, i didnt take the tutorial and learned everything within my first match"
76561197992978168,Recommended,222750,8335061,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Slam_41,This is one of the best RTS of all time
,Recommended,222750,8990337,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Alien_Beer,Badass strategy game for those who like mayhem
,Recommended,222750,8990415,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Rybec,Large scale modern warfare at its best. Wargame lets you choose from a VERY large pool of units pre-game to call in during the game with the objective of controlling zones and destroying your enemy. Units are well detailed with very in-depth statictics for each one. Very reccomended for strategy fans.
,Recommended,222750,8990587,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Bandito,YES
,Recommended,222750,8990601,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,[OV] Red Storm,8.5/10 Really well made and largely balanced as well. Adding new FREE content fairly often. Definitely worth the money imo.
,Recommended,222750,9508918,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,The Little Corporal,"Really fun, even if I still have no idea what the hell I'm doing and can't beat the goddamn tutorial. Seriously though, I am recomending it."
,Recommended,222750,9509092,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Sharky,"This is a complex real-time tactical game set in a hypothetical WWIII. There are so many details you have to learn, and a decisive attack from the enemy can be really demoralizing. But once you learn how to strike back, the fireworks are exciting. The single-player game is not friendly to quick-savers, if you make a mistake, you have to deal or start over from the beginning."
,Recommended,222750,749030,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,jaxjace,This is the apex of wargaming. probably one of the best strategy games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. Buy now.
,Recommended,222750,9509455,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Shadowfire,"To anyone who is a fan of realistic, strategic gameplay: Buy this! Buy it now! One of the best RTS's i've ever played."
76561197986083879,Recommended,222750,9648393,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,DaveSivill,"Absolutely brilliant Tactical RTS. Not based upon how many buttons you can spam at once. You have to think very hard about what balance of units you need. If you're into realistic military RTS games then this is the one for you!This game has a Punishing learning curve, you'll see what I mean when you send a squad of infantry across open ground for the first time, or use a deck with no Anti-Air and get decimated by helicopters. However this is all part of the fun, as you make the mistakes you quickly learn from them and begin to develop the perfect set up. If you are looking for your more simple APM based RTS games then this isn't for you. But if you want a game where you have to think in a realistic way, then I would HIGHLY recommend it."
,Recommended,222750,9649848,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,WPN,Rage now and then but still addictive
,Recommended,222750,1304235,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,RiPpEr,"A friend of mine once said to forget WiC2 as Wargame was amazing, and that you can frak the airforce, because you don't need no airforce.Well, the airforce called, they want thier war back.Also the game's pretty cool I guess.Could use more french planes for the USSR to shoot down."
76561198031474802,Recommended,222750,9668660,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,GhostGears/TheRealScrubGears,The tank shoots the tank. Tank tank tank tank tank.Oh and planes. There are planes.Thunderbolt makes the best noise. It sounds like its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ itself.
76561198122068854,Recommended,222750,9669966,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Ragnarssen,"I like this game plenty of depth, realism and great gfx even though im on a HD3000 this game works and feels great.I only have a few houres in the game but soon im gonna try some p v A.i. then  pvp ;)"
76561198043953925,Recommended,222750,9249638,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,kinglarrythethird,"Such a good game, just buy it, i know you want too"
,Recommended,222750,9166072,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,The_Chinn,One Word: Amazing
76561198008020121,Recommended,222750,9178704,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Airogue,"Many RTS games tackle ficticious worlds and imaginary weapons. This is the first that I've played that is ""real life"" tools, but also has such an indepth control option and the details of the mechanics is rediculous. The AI is truly intelligent and will make you regret not covering your flank. You can create basically any scenario in multiplayer up to 10 v 10, and even play against a friend in the campaign mode.I highly recommend this game, but only if you can accept another addiction!"
76561198085250374,Recommended,222750,8749121,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,gameboa1995,"Poor, single player, interesting multiplayer...They cant afford to concentrate on a single mod...not at this stage, not with the franchise supporting it!!!"
,Recommended,222750,8797138,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Hbliss,"As someone who has spent the better part of his adult life AVOIDING rts games, I'm so glad I found this game.  I've always preferred turn-based strategies to the hectic micro management of real time.  Wargame makes the real time experience fluid and organic.  I love how landscapes become imperative to tactics, how units are highly specialized, how well warfare tactics manifest.  The units themselves have their own deep stats, and there are enough of them to keep any military otaku happy.  Fans of both highly strategic rts games and realistic military simulation should find themselves entertained for a long time to come."
76561198057392392,Recommended,222750,8790410,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,A real American,Just play it.
76561198030393157,Recommended,222750,8789453,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Streptokok,"Awesome strategy... no building just pure fight. Choose your tactics and customize your army ""decks"" with tons of stuff.Also awesome 10v10 fights :)"
76561198019602955,Recommended,222750,8789510,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,GeoTrooper13,The combat in this game is extremely in depth and has a high learning curve but once you get past it this game gives you some of the most satisfying combat in any RTS you will ever play.
76561198060510968,Recommended,222750,8778306,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Takeda Hideyoshi,duh
,Recommended,222750,8779687,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,♥Antsu♥,One of the best RTS I have played.Kinda like the ARMA of rts.
,Recommended,222750,8779970,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,VIking,best rts ever made
,Recommended,222750,8780393,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Real,Just on how fun the game is they could have people pay for DLC but they continue a dieing trend of free updates! Thank you and I am a customer for life! Cant wait for the next one!
76561197997544139,Recommended,222750,8782346,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,I apologised on 4chan,"This game is an RTS. It is about as close to realistic as an RTS can get without it being counter intuitive and confusing to new players. Effectively you play as either NATO or Warsaw Pact in a hyperthetical WW3 scenario, you build an army from varying factions and/or branches of the military and fight each other.Primarily this is a game for multiplayer or skirmish mode like BF:BC2 was, although the single player Total War style campaign had some nice ideas, it just isn't satisfying to play. I love the attention to detail present here as well as the sense of scope and scale, it just nails everything just right for me.Although I will admit I have been a massive fan of Eugen Studio's output since RUSE and I'm glad that they've smoothed things out so it's not longer quite so Rock Paper Scissors as it was there. All in all excellent good looking game with an absolutely boatload of units for each nationality and well worth a punt if you see it on sale."
76561198034390883,Recommended,222750,8669684,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,vrsterling,"Probably the most unforgiving and most difficult ""game"" I have ever played! And its well worth it!! This title is clearly for those that take their real-time strategy games seriously with a side order of frustration and gamer rage! The units, from what I know of their real life counterparts, are well represented in this game and the game's play system of using ""decks"" of units that are used in each round makes for a very challenging experience. This in turn makes wins that much more satisfying. Choosing which units to use for each scenario plays a huge factor in your overall success during each round. If you're playing a campaign, choose wisely as you won't readily receive replacement units if you screw up too badly! I've not used the multiplayer fuction of this game yet as I'm still pretty bad against the AI which even in ""easy"" mode provides quite a challenge. From what I understand, however, multiplayer is where this game really shines. This is a title for serious strategists only! Casual strategy gamers will find this title very frustrating. The only way to find a more challenging experience would be to actually enlist in the armed forces!"
76561198025406009,Recommended,222750,8594862,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Ronnxy,"Great entertainment, but it is quite difficult to master. Multiplayer is great!"
76561197964765951,Recommended,222750,8595516,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dillitron,Wargame is an RTS set in a cold-war era battlefront. It is fairly realistic in that you have to manage supply lines and fuel. If you are looking for a fast paced RTS in a modern setting you may want to try Wargame.
76561197966524199,Recommended,222750,8595804,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,DarkStar,"10 out of 10.Wargame is an excellent addition to any RTS fan's game library and is one of the best RTS games available today.With over 800 units to choose from, Wargame supports massive multiplayer battles without the tedious responsibility of managing an economy. Wargame is startlingly realistic but easily accessible, providing tactics and arsenals for newcomers and veterans alike. The deck system allows for a great deal of immersion and depth, and the variety units is enough to satisfy even the most insatiable digital-general's appetite.With outstanding graphics, perfectly crafted gameplay, and a wide variety of play-styles, Wargame will always keep you coming back for more.Give this game a go, and definately follow development of the next installment in the series, ""Wargame: Red Dragon""."
,Recommended,222750,7246353,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,trilobit,Great strategy game 9/10.
,Recommended,222750,8597607,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dildozer,"Leave your idea of a traditional RTS at the door, this plays more like a real time version of a table top strategy game (warhammer, flames of war, etc) base building is not a thing save for placing FoBs where you can resupply units.That said, this game is fun, engaging and an utter pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to learn and master. (Play 2v2 with a bot to start, 1v1 will only make you frustrated as a new player)Play it if you like making desicsions on a large scale while managing a limited pool of units (your deck)You can customize your deck to your liking, even using limitations like only using a certain nation, era, or combined arms style (mechanized, paratrooper, marine, etc) each limitation also gives bonuses to your deck, like a free veterancy level for a type of unit, or lower costs for a type of unit.I highly recomend this game to fans of large scale strategy games, this games mechanics are solid and it looks fantastic to boot."
76561197997127013,Recommended,222750,8598788,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Spartanz1170,"Very hard learning curve but so worth it, until you encounter elitests who harass you in game and in the public lobby."
76561198022255874,Recommended,222750,8523512,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AnonOmoose,An interseting take on statagy that was done great
76561198044956185,Recommended,222750,8524337,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,tklein930,"Great game if you enjoy immersive gameplay. It can be a bit overwhelming at times with micro-managing, but over time you learn how to deal with it. It takes time to master this game so be prepared for many hours of gameplay (it's a big game with a great multiplayer portion!)Overall, I would give this game a 8.5/10-"
76561198066853155,Recommended,222750,8525533,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,viper77,ITS A GREAT GAME JUST I CANT GET THE CD KEY
,Recommended,222750,8518116,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,OctaMurk,"The best and only RTS of the Cold War era. This game is pretty awesome because all the units have their capabilities based on real life, and the tactics and strategies that result are basically similar to real life modern warfare. It is the only RTS I have ever played that just feels authentic and real."
,Recommended,222750,8613731,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Flooflet,Fun. Actually realistic RTS. best i've seen in a while.
76561198014376384,Recommended,222750,8616211,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,WATG,"4.5/5 Stars. A great game but gets on my nerves sometimes. AI can send out their entire army and change orders for everyone on once while a human is limited to only dishing out orders to individual units every 4-5 seconds at best. I also get annoyed when I lose one of two 185 point fighters gets shot down by a single sh***y AI fighter, and that happens all the time with all kinds of units. Anyway, still usually a great game, although I find the campaigns really plain and boring. I prefer just setting up skirmishes or playing multiplayer from time to time, which is great. Loading times are faster than any other game I've ever played, so that is very nice."
,Recommended,222750,8633317,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Bassie88,Best lobby chat ever for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off people!
,Recommended,222750,8634793,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,KevMscotland,"Probably the best RTS on the market currently in my opinion.Create ""Decks"" of units to customise your play style to your liking, then unleash them on a conquest style map where strategy is important, and each unit loss critical."
,Recommended,222750,975613,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Fjordus,A strategy game that gets a more modern form of combat.  More realistic than any RTS I have played.  It brings depth to the genre that the Command and Conquer brand can't.
,Recommended,222750,8638583,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Renosaras™,Wargame: European Escalation definitely touched on a lot of things R.U.S.E ( which i guess you could call a prequal ) had flawed .It brought alot of new features and it was just great. But Airland battle is a pure marvel. Sure it has its flaws but it brings a ton of new things mainly aircraft.The graphics have denfinitely been improved alot. I personaly like the new aproach on reinforcement sectors (sectors in general) rather than buildings and the limited units. It gets rid of the annoying unlimited unit and base spam.The deck and armory systems are nicely made. The resupply mechanic adds alot more strategy than just making a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of tanks with unlimited ammo and fuel and charging in. Overall i give this game a 10/10 this is a must own if you are a RTS fan
,Recommended,222750,2800629,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Cacafuego,Strategy Game of the Year!
76561197970550099,Recommended,222750,8642345,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,untainted,"The learning curve isn't terrible, but it is there. This is a real time tactical game that feels like one of the best turn based games. The real fun is the multiplayer, but i would recommend playing at least an hour or two of the single player first. The A.I. is fairly aggresive, and can be diffucult, but it does seem to know where you are when it shouldn't. The campaign is not worth completeing, but the experience will help you inthe move to the awesome....best I've played in years..... multiplayer. I would start with the 10v10 games, these games are big, so a few players being newbs doesn't kill the team. If you ever played the close combat series back in the day, this is similar, though very different. It ""feels"" realistic, though units are warped to fit the battlefield size they roam (for instance, there are artillery pieces in the game that could fire rounds for miles upon miles in real life... that in the game can fire most of the length of the battlefield, still an awesome range...if unrealistic technically) But leopard 2A4s fare against a rush of T-72s the way they you would expect (they murder them), and die to T-80Us (The soviet monsters of the field). Luck plays a factor (units have a percentage chance to hit a target for instance, and all of the stats are modified by factors like veterancy, range, terrain, etc etc) I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys strategy, and especially if you run towards a realistic streak (even though its just a feel). If you do decide to pick up this game (a steal at its full price, I've logged over 900 hours on this game) I highly recommend the guide by Sandygunfox, but only after you are at least a few multiplayer battles deep. The things he talks about are not for the true newb, just use the tutorials and some campaign for that, but his guide is awesome (one warning is that its one true flaw is that some few units stats are adjusted in almost every update in a continus strive for the sake of balance, something welcomed by the community, but it makes sandies suggested units something one should take care with....though they mostly still stand the test of time)."
76561198073775796,Recommended,222750,8654876,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Khyks,I need more Napalm
76561198069898007,Not Recommended,222750,8655822,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,stephenscso,"The game crashes my internet every time I try to play, although the rest of the game is great."
76561197970847405,Recommended,222750,8657933,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,hdub,Love it.Reminds me of Myth.
,Recommended,222750,8431748,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kingiceblock,"This game is just one of the best I've ever played. You get to pick out your own units to send into battle, you can call reinforcements, send in air strikes, and much, much more. You can play with friends or try to fight alone. Truely amazing, and challenging. Must have for any strategy game player."
76561198001445634,Recommended,222750,8663059,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,cgjimeneza,"Realistic planning required, recon is king... if you can see it you can kill it.... Im new to the game, but its like being in the battles of team yankee and Red Storm Rising, must be carefull, your platoon/sections shot at the same target, problably the closest one, SAMs and Arty consume a big chunk of you logistics,Its maybe a game to think, plan and go kill."
,Recommended,222750,7577891,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,FistoBlitzkrieg,I don't have the time or the crayons to explain why you need this game but you need this game.
76561197977852851,Recommended,222750,769315,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,PaPaw's Gaming,"Uf you love strategy games, you will love this one.  fast paced game.  Its still in Beta and I am new to this, but it looks pretty good."
76561197990202688,Recommended,222750,14503994,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ACTION ABE,"The learning curve is pretty steep at first, and the campaigns are disappointing, but otherwise a fantastic game"
,Recommended,222750,6921649,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Missah,Fantastic game. A very unique RTS with a stream-lined resource system and an emphasis on actual strategic elements in combat.
,Recommended,222750,7651891,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Camelith,Addition of planes makes this game exponentially harder.  I have no idea what I'm doing and playing it makes me feel like I'm lost in the woods.It's really good.
,Recommended,222750,7833218,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Ninnamon12,A must have for any strategy fan. The game runs very smooth compared to how large it is. The game is continually updated for balancing issues and that makes me very pleased.
76561197964310683,Recommended,222750,7838561,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,CenturionV,"Awesome high-level military strategy game, tons of units, authentic weapons and tactics. Most realistic strategy game ever."
,Recommended,222750,7896554,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,FreshWaterPredator,IMHO a great RTS depicting NATO vs. PACT forces in the Nordic theatre.
,Recommended,222750,596877,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Just Read The Instructions,"I'm not much of an RTS guy, but this game's focus on big-picture thinking and tactics instead of micro makes it a lot more approachable to me. A definite favorite."
76561198076307563,Recommended,222750,6821537,"Posted: 9 May, 2013",all,Fast Food Babe,Best RTS game ever played!
76561197980323006,Recommended,222750,7881227,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[23HG] Zaether,do you like commanding armys? the search stops here! In this epic game you get to attack or Defend Scandinavia.Native speaking troops from all contrys and era correct units.Real ranges on arty/tanks/inf and aircraft sure does make this game extremly fun to play.grab a chair and start commanding your units around!
76561198013350476,Recommended,222750,7881966,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Snuschips,"LIVREGEMENTETS HUSARER - K 3Pergite (""Framåt"")"
,Recommended,222750,7848808,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,JetTrooper,Very Great Game You Should Buy It.
76561198009003268,Recommended,222750,2540338,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Davsol,Balls to the Wall military combat! Get it now dogies!
,Recommended,222750,7851832,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,cathasatail,"Well, what can I say. ""The RTS bomb is back,"" they say, and indeed it is! A wonderful recreation of the former with completely revamped units. Every single unit has been re-textured and vast expanses of units have been added. A worthwhile game to purchase, although on the pricey side it is worth all the money! Also, you will be pleased to know that the AI has also been revamped with a whole new way of playing, artillery is now vital, jets are now crucial and my god: anti air has never ever been so decisive. Welcome to Wargame!"
,Recommended,222750,7852948,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Nightmare,"This game is a truly unique experience. It builds on the previous wargame and makes it a more complete game. The new units, enhanced deck creation, realistically modeled fixed wing planes, and new factions make the game feel more like a modern battle field. The multiplayer games are more exciting than the previous game. Thats really saying something though because once you understand how to play wargame its a very rewarding experience. The game itself has 800+ units so that you never run out of choices to make.The game is definetely worth buying for any RTS gamers that enjoy tactics more than base building. You are constantly making decisions and managing your units. It requires thinking but is by no means a slow game. The excellent graphics and the clean interface are also nice bonuses. Don't hesistate to get this, it is a very fun game."
76561198044674572,Recommended,222750,7871838,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,√Rya,GET this game
,Recommended,222750,7854613,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cpt. Fantabulous,"The A.I cheats like a ♥♥♥♥♥ and the campaign is a nice idea poorly excuted thanks to a compellty borked time limit on missions.Aside from that the game is absolutly jaw droppingly beautiful to look at and the simple act of a tank firing is almost sexual.With the new tutorials its a lot easier to learns and they have thrown the Stars unlock system from EE under a bus so there is nothing stopping you from building the perfect deck.Basically if the idea of a extremly deep, extremly realistic and extremly pretty RTS appeals to you and you don't mind only playing online. Then this is the game for you"
76561198080070815,Recommended,222750,7856030,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Jimmy Johns Glory Hole,It is vary fun good time killer and once you have tactics you basicly rule the world...but yeah its vary fun and you NEVER know what going to happen next
,Recommended,222750,8865480,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Zolth411,"Great game, lots of fun and the large scale warfare is fantastic. 5/5!!!"
76561198120351421,Recommended,222750,8983861,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Sir Isaac Fig Newton,awsome game! graphics are great
76561198020049628,Recommended,222750,8984187,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Calm Down,Probably one of the best games of this type out there.I did think kthe first version was a little more playable and fun but the 2nd is much better looking and more user friendly.If I were to change one thing it would be the powere of a concealed unit and how it tends to create a stalemate of a game with little movement.That said - still an incredible title.
76561198045098848,Recommended,222750,8986635,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Angel,"An overall great game, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good RTS game."
76561198091896345,Recommended,222750,8823662,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,[CB]FatBerta[HUN],Great Stuff!The game is required experience but if you know it you will love it!:)
76561198076663363,Recommended,222750,8987328,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,dEdE,GOOD CHOICE FOR YOU
76561198110520595,Recommended,222750,8988297,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,EmperorMyric,"The Best RTS game I have ever played, Includes amazing graphics a insane amount of units to choose from, incredible army customisation and realistic game play.And thats before I get to the awesome in game battles, stat system is great and the Units and Game layout is terrific, imagine World in Conflict on a BIGGER scale!"
76561198035884476,Recommended,222750,8988513,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Mysterious Mountain Hermit,Easily the best RTS I have played! 10/10
76561198058583646,Recommended,222750,8989006,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Jesus take the wheel,Buy this while its on sale!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its worth it at full price and for 12 bucks its a total steal.
76561198074920395,Recommended,222750,8989033,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Palourde,"Allez viens, regarde tous ce quon peut faire!! On est bien bien bien bien bien!"
,Recommended,222750,8990162,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,"Alex, No Maker",Great game
76561198022635736,Recommended,222750,8975934,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,desmoflex,both games for 17euro... don't think --> buy  if you like real time strategyit is worth every cent!  expect a little learning curve. althought i am still a off-line player it is fun!cheersflex
,Recommended,222750,8989727,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Donald Keller,needs a better and longer campaign.... it was like 14 days and it should be like 25
76561198021537355,Recommended,222750,8867985,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Blue Falcon Actual,"You will either love it or hate it. Balanced RTS/Battlefield simulation with up 20 players in multiplayer, with capability to view from bird's eye or zoom down to the level of the individual soldier or tank and watch the carnage of battle unfold. Visuals are fantastic. Has some optimization problems, especially with computers older than a  year or two or lacking at least a $120 video card (lower cards of high tier tend to perform okay)A new version of this game will be for sale in mid 2014 and I expect expansions and DLC to grow to nothing at this point in preperation and support for the new game."
,Recommended,222750,8868757,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,(UGA)TKFRANCIS,Great game
,Recommended,222750,8696908,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,RancidSeoul,"One of my favorites right now.  This RTS offers hundreds of units just waiting to be commanded.   With so many units the possibilities are endless for types of armies to assembly and in which way you choose to fight.  The campaign is a good starter, but this game has a very steep learning curve, so make sure you feel comfortable when jumping into the multiplayer.  I highly recommend this game.  Make sure to check out Wargame European Escalation."
,Recommended,222750,9155535,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Soop,Probably the best multi-player RTS I have played. Up to 10vs10 player maps with every (cold war) vehicle you could imagine. Well balanced and great fun. Only down side is that sometimes you get all arty noobs on your team or all jet players etc.
76561197999669352,Recommended,222750,9159282,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,i fucking hate raisins,"I recommend this game if you enjoy unique, challenging gameplay.  The deck aspect alllows for creativity and finess that allows you to fine-tune your strategy.  It needs more recruits!"
76561198041735712,Recommended,222750,9160408,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,SlayerOfLlamas,"If you are a fan of the Command and Conquer series, you should enjoy this game. It's a very fast paced RTS with tons of unique units and the ""deck"" system allows for very different styles of play and customization. Best RTS I've played in a very long time."
,Recommended,222750,9161075,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Brownie Shytles,Great steady paced game. Definetely time consuming and really keeps you on your feet.
,Not Recommended,222750,9161186,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,THE SOVIET BEAR!,"I was quite dissapointed with this game, picking it up for it's steller graphics and intense fighting, I found myslef quite annoyed. For starters the tutorial is terrible, more of a scenario thana  tutorial as they don't actually tell you anything... Seeing as Wargame is a complicated game when you first play this is very annoying, secondly the fighting was not as inense as I thouht, and merely revolves about pushing your men into a zone, finding the sceret base in said zoneand blowing it up before they do it to you... no hold the city, defend a target etc. This is one game that shall not have a victor"
76561197986233155,Recommended,222750,9133292,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,DinnerTimeFun,"It's the dwarf fortress of RTS. I don't mean that lightly, but when you're able to overcome the learning gap it's a really interesting and addictive game. Definitely among the best."
,Recommended,222750,9133586,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,DankestDungeon,"If you want to start a fight, go for CoD. If you want to start a war Between modern Military forces, buy this"
,Recommended,222750,9134536,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,RobbieRobb,Awesome!!!!
,Recommended,222750,9137257,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,DeViL,great real time tactical play from top d own to in the grass
76561198083878007,Recommended,222750,8773990,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Pluto,Great Game
76561198023143191,Recommended,222750,3461394,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,JohnCriton,Great Game !
,Recommended,222750,7586097,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Just James,GET THIS! WW3 ON A MASSIVE SCALE! 10v10 MULTIPLAYER BATTLES! HOW COULD YOU NOT GET THIS AMAZING GAME????
,Recommended,222750,910281,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,NorCalRoach,"Absolutely a fan of this game.  Such an amazing RTS game with so many units to choose from.  Watching the battles play out is a thing of beauty.  Recon, mechanized assualts, artillery, helicopter gunships, and jets that make the world go boom.  Combined arms, cover and line of sight  are key elements to game on top of having to balance logistics and air support.  Great game for single player and especially for multiplayer.  It has a good learning curve, but there's ton's of youtube videos to learn from.  You're good to go once you get the basic mechanics down."
76561198002522995,Recommended,222750,8906135,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Caldazar,"By far the best RTT game out there right now.  Single Player is okay, game really shines in MultiPlayer.  Get some friends, learn the game against AI, then branch out into some 10 vs 10.  As you get better start playing smaller and ranked matches.  Oh yeah, play more than ""Murica..."
,Recommended,222750,9147123,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Garrus_Vakarian,BRRRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTT: The Game30/10
76561198062404232,Recommended,222750,9220716,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Djhunter11892,best RTS i have every played.
76561198042404668,Recommended,222750,4843772,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Hawkeye1647,A great RTS!
76561198029304461,Recommended,222750,9238409,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,JbKoBe,"Best RTS game I've ever playes, hands down."
,Recommended,222750,9033168,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,JOKERSMOKE106,"I bought this game on sale thinking i wouldnt like it to much but its fairly cheap so ill get it. I was wrong, i found myself puting in four or so hours not even feeling like that time has passed. Great graphics and units are balinced in the price it costs to bring them in vs how effective they are in combat.The bad sideNow ive only played this game for about 5 hours so this may be the reason, but when i stared the first few hours i found it hard to manage all my units on the battlefield. I offen found myself with more micro managing to do with the units on the field then a basic attack and kill sort of command.With that being said, my background playing rts has not been limmited as i have a lot of rts games. I think in time ill come to enjoy this game much more and maybe learn how to counter the mico managing acpect of alot of units.All togather i would rate this as one of my top games for the gameplay and great map layout.9/10: great modern RTS game"
76561198039071336,Recommended,222750,9035989,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Based Captin Steve,This game is dope as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222750,9037580,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,dukeofcanada,What an amazing game.Huge improvments over European Escalation. Can't wait for the next in the series
76561198032226648,Recommended,222750,9007705,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Silent56,"Oh **** where did all those tanks come from, it’s a good thing I have planesOther commander* where did all these planes come from…Welcome to war-game air land battle everything in a real conflict but all at the same time, all in your hands and always changing. Be prepared to have your dual screens up and your hotkeys at the ready because you're going to need them to keep up with the amount of stuff that is going on in a good fight in this game.9/10 for a realistic rst that offers a great experience."
,Recommended,222750,9007732,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Scrotum,Do no get this for the Solo Campaign.
76561198005437188,Recommended,222750,9010009,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Slammedc,This game is very good if you enjoy strategy and want to burn hours figuring out the meta.
,Recommended,222750,1028854,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Generic42,"A epically scaled, realistic modern RTS that rewards tactics and micromanagement - a low level unit can beat an upgraded one if used strategically. Resource management is present but you only need occupy sectors to generate points (the only type of resource, with which you send in reinforcements). The game emphasises patience and intelligent play.Like any RTS you need to learn units' strengths and weaknesses to be competant, and with 750 units AirLand Battle takes some time to become enitely familiar with. Individual games have a limit on the points you have in a ""deck"", with better units costing more points and simpler ones less.This a sophisticated, detailed and satasfying RTS with modern military hardware."
,Recommended,222750,9011286,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,a_carrot,"very addictive gaame, lots of fun online especially if you have a couple of friends to play with, it is a real hardcore strategy game, definately not for beginners"
,Recommended,222750,9013344,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,briggen96,"Whatever you can say about Airland Battle, it certainly isn't your daddy's RTS. Gone is base building and small amounts of units. Wargame pits literally thousands of infantry and hundreds of vehicles from the Cold War period against each other on the battlefields of Europe. This title really shines when you execute a perfect strategy. SEAD planes (supression of enemy air defense) streak overhead, taking out enemy AA and paving the way for your bombers. As an enemy interceptor becomes visible on the horizon, your F15 swoops in to protect your vulnurable planes. Your artillery switches to smoke rounds, concealing the advance up a hill and into a city by your infantry in their APCs with tanks in support. As your troops swarm the first line of houses, your Napalm scatters the defenders, and the city is yours. It is moments like these that make Wargame: Airland Battle truly worth your time."
,Recommended,222750,9024209,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Leatherman,T-34 spam erryday.
,Recommended,222750,7666537,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Goon2503,"Very detailed and well-done.  Pretty difficult too, but not in a cheap way.  Only wish the campaigns were more varied."
,Recommended,222750,9024817,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,duhsveti,WW3/10The only thing missing are ships.
76561198005687393,Recommended,222750,9026508,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Phelan26,"great game, well thought out, a great buy"
76561197965682987,Recommended,222750,9027762,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Lolerkaust,bretty gud
76561198026704931,Recommended,222750,9028006,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ishmael,best rts of the decade.
,Recommended,222750,9206449,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,ColonelChestnut,"A deep, complex and most importantly, fun, large scale RTS. The choice of troops and vehicles and the scale are unprecedented. I have only one gripe with it, the steep learning curve and a lack of a good tutorial."
76561198079883379,Recommended,222750,9207576,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,BobbaDaFango,its amzing game play\
76561198036855677,Recommended,222750,9208169,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,pURPLE fAMINE,wow
76561198009903018,Recommended,222750,9197663,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Corwin86,"This is a very strange game:- the care related to the creation of credible scenarios of war, armies and combat mechanics, is incredible (never seen anything like it)- and... the game itself fail to use ""all"" of thatIn fact, in my opinion the game itself is quite too difficult to understand, at the start, and also after ten-fifteen hours of play, it never becomes very enjoyable.So, this game is pretty funny, well built, but unable to exploit its undoubted potential."
76561198012494862,Recommended,222750,9199864,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,smithy.456,"10/10Stunning graphics and challenging and innovative gameplay make this game one of the most satisfying RTS games you can buy.Endless hours of entertainment logged, not only online but also playing agaisnt a challenging AI that will brutally counter any mistake in your strategy, which results in even more endless hours spent revising your ""decks"" and improving your own skills.I personally run this game on low settings , and can safely say that it still is an amazingly good-looking, and detailed, game.Would highly recommend to anyone looking for an immersive RTS game to eat away at their freetime."
,Recommended,222750,9201860,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Mikkall,"Fun game.. needs work.Addicting game, but points/timer stuff is crap.  Not nearly enough user control over game mechanics in options.  It's great you can turn the time limit off... but it doesn't help with the points system kicks in and gives the AI adversery a win.  Entirely unrealistic.  No... I don't mean unrealistic as in combat.  I mean, when you have taken all but the AI enemy's last zone, you have an awesome attack group set up for a final assault, but the AI plinks up enough points to end the battle with only a couple of units left.Some very annoying other things.  Inability to attach units to units.  This would be very helpful for those wonderful moments you realize all your AAA (and various other units) has been killed because they took a short cut straight through enemy territory. Would be resolved if you had the option to pick deployment zones. Then there's the odd way YOUR aircraft manage to EVAC right over enemy AAA, oftien right over thier FOB, amost every time. And lets not forget how effortlessly an enemy aircraft machine-guns tanks to death, manage to avoid your anti-air units all while your own aircraft get knocked down by anything that bothers to shoot at them.  Otherwise... great fun!! ;)"
76561198088894025,Recommended,222750,9203362,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,worstsnyperever,This game is a hard fast pace strategy game. I love it even though the ai beat me almost everytime.
76561198063483811,Recommended,222750,9179909,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,McGyver,Fun to play....love the Cold War assets you get...nostalgia *sigh*
,Recommended,222750,8999102,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,intox. Sheridan#nocomputer,"I like this game for turning  alternate history into a playable version of history. I like the real military branches and their actual equipment. (The vehicles,weapons,etc.) are real equipment the military branches of the nations use everyday. I also like the events that happen alongside playing to show the turn (i.e. United Kingdom starts major offensive against IRA) to help affect gameplay. The cities and locations are real as well. I highly recommend this to anyone who likes realistic wartime gameplay set in the cold war theme."
,Recommended,222750,9000502,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,jayman9696,play it. Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the PACT. Made my friends play it. They were worse than me... profit
,Recommended,222750,9000550,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,HOLO,i press the right code in and it does not work pless help me
76561198076515085,Recommended,222750,9000942,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,ElHam Sandwich,"Love this game. Tons of different units, controls are easy, graphics are amazing. This game brings the RTS genre to a whole new level with its graphics and gameplay. You can play as the Warsaw Pact or as NATO and each Nation which range from East Germany to Canada have their own individual units. The Multiplayer is just as amazing with the network having no lag what so ever and a very interactive community. Honestly grab it while its on sale a definite buy for those who like RTS."
,Recommended,222750,9001707,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Alveuel,This game is very well thought out and supported by the developers.  It's another great RTS.
76561198032196885,Recommended,222750,7589230,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,CrYaGeN,Simply the best rapid action RTS to date. Worth every penny for RTS fans
76561198030978104,Recommended,222750,9004683,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Tylermcd93,"When I first got this game it is very intimidating because it is very complicated and requires a lot of thinking, something that every strategy game should strive for. I have a lot to learn and this review may be premature but it seems quite an amazing strategy game with a lot to it. My suggestion though if you aren't used to a game like this. Spend time with the tutorials and practice with the computer before you go head first into the multiplayer. It will make the game much more digestable and fun in the long run. For 12 dollars, it is worth the money."
76561198123667952,Recommended,222750,9005869,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,d'1,so unfair i just bought the game on feb 3 2014 and by feb 4 2014 it ws on sale up to 70 percent..i paid for 39.99$ and now for 11.99$ only.. So unfair.
76561197999432235,Recommended,222750,8964363,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Morlizer,Awesome!
,Recommended,222750,8965820,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Plus-Size Commando,I have a love hate with this game. It covers an area that few games have over all startegy and late Cold War era. That being said this game is overly complex and there is an extreme learning curve that I still have not gotten used to. If you have the time and temperment I'm sure this is a wonderful game but for the casual pick up and play this game should be avoided.
,Recommended,222750,9020729,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,green bay packers,it is the cool ist game ever
76561198112830142,Recommended,222750,9021458,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,jon_hodgkinson,"I downloaded this game 4 days ago and cannot recommend it highly enough.  I've been trying to get access to guides and related website while I've been at work...it's so compelling.If you're into 'real' in-depth RTS games (not Age of Empires, Command & Conquer etc.) then you should definitely give this game a closer look.  Also, it's definitely not a FPS so be prepared.Check out some gameplay vids on YouTube to make sure this is the genre for you...and if you're on the fence, just do it!I've been playing and replaying the tutorials for the real basic stuff, which is OK to get you started, but would really recommend  looking into some of the guides to refine your game and get you paying with the best of them.This guide was v useful:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-uURrYRBWlOFHMbZRSjCE0A6p9FGj2EhKD9SjvUmeug/edit?pli=1#Injured_Digits signing-off..."
76561198230395756,Recommended,222750,20568018,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,chloepetekiller,"The Game is well develpoed. I experince no lag with it when my quality settings are low, the reason they are low is becuase I am running on a laptop with a Intel Dual Core 2.16 GHz processor, when it recommends an Intel Dual Core 2.5 Ghz processor or better. The controls respond well. All of the single player modes work really great. The multiplayer mode could use a little bit of work with the lobby and finding other games. The only main downside of this game is the connection to other people when playing multiplayer. Other than that this game is a 9 out of 10. I highly reccomend getting it, it is definetly worth the 10 dollars!!"
,Recommended,222750,8979283,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Double-O Deal With It,"Unlike a lot of strategy games, I actually enjoy this one.Graphics: Awesome. The graphics are great, although you will be playing in a zoomed out view and most of the time units wont be seen in detail (Although zoomed out looks awesome as well), but zoom in anytime and you can take in the impressive looking vehicles and infantry firefights.Gameplay: Honestly, it's a hard game to start, I suggest reading atleast a few guides before jumping into the game. It's a very different game from the RTS's that I have played in the past, and it's a great game because of it.Hardware required: So I played this game a few weeks before building my first gaming rig(I honestly could not wait, I was watching gameplay vids every day), and I was using Intel HD2000 graphics instead of HD3000 graphics that it suggests and it ran just fine, sure it didnt look nearly as impressive, but the gameplay is very fun reguardless.I'm not sure how it runs on computers well below the min specs, but if your almost there, you wont be at any disadvantage when it comes to gameplay.I'm sure theres plenty left to cover but I'm sure you can look at the other reviews of the game to get a better feel for it.I'n my opinion the game is worth every cent of 40$."
76561198066449693,Recommended,222750,20673651,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,JDMonster,"Is it hard at first?  Yes.  Is it worth the time getting into the game?  What kind of stupid question is that?  HELL YEAH ITS WORTH.  True, the playerbase can be a bit dead from time to time, but you can always find a game or two to hop into and start a battle within 15 minutes.  The only downside is that sometimes the only guys in a multiplayer lobby are trying to stack one team, but hey, just let them rot for multiple hours on end while they wait for people stupid enough to fight them.  But yeah.  10/10 would counter a shilka spam deck with infantry."
76561198006749995,Recommended,222750,2395605,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,SCHIZO 27,Cold war Carnage
76561198229332376,Recommended,222750,18473196,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,SGT BAD,The learning curve is hard yo
76561198191733974,Recommended,222750,18727461,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Jdog17,Great game to play highly recommended
,Not Recommended,222750,18448649,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Entersprite,"If the interface wouldn't be so terrible, my rating would be positive, but it just ruins the whole game."
,Recommended,222750,18607414,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,wsdante,Would be really helpful to new players if the 'tutorials' actually WERE tutorials and not just a case of being dropped into the middle of an♥♥♥♥♥wuppin'.Not so much a learning curve as a learning plummet.
,Recommended,222750,18647501,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,EraBOLA,For every fan of the Arma Series this is a must have. The possibility and divercety of units and the influence of so many faktors make this game a very good tactical opertunity to Arma.Love this game <3
,Recommended,222750,1370972,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Patton,AIRGAME WARLAND BATTLE IS EVEN BETTER STRATEGY GAME THAN LANDGAME EUROPEAN ESCALATOR.
76561198133934922,Recommended,222750,18821484,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Tuisutops,"Well,i can say its worth the buck based on single player only. Multiplayer works just fine too, but even the single player is enough to be completely awed by the game."
76561197971550018,Not Recommended,222750,18819264,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,BlackVoid,"Tries to be a military simulation, but fails.Too many times your forces just die without firing back or even seeing the enemy. Veterans too.Attack is next to impossible as defender will have a huge advantage, so people rush to defensive positions and sit there for the whole game waiting for a loser (literally) to attack.Artillery should be the answer for camping but it fails miserably. In the Ukraine civil war it has been demonstrated many times that even armor is totally vulnerable to artillery. Not here, an arty strike will  may stun armored vehicles for 20 seconds.Battlefront's Combat Mission series is far superior to this fantasy game."
,Recommended,222750,18855234,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Flichr K.,Still wandering how to play this properly.10/10 will lose again in tutorial.
76561197969232891,Recommended,222750,344786,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,DerFoxY,"hehe ... pretty fun in multiplayer. extreme tactical realtime battles .. simple to learn but gets deeper and deeper within time. choose your units .. and press the start-button ^^"" and please ... dont take a look for the singleplayer mode -.-"
,Not Recommended,222750,18095861,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Moкsy,There's no such faction as Finland
,Not Recommended,222750,19101296,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,SyKo Champion,"This can of nope has a pretty label but once you figure out how to use the can-opener, you find out how bad a game this is."
,Recommended,222750,18996582,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Feise Soisealach,"The soviets have taken the peaceful nations of scandinavia. Europe is in turmoil as the red army marches towards the west.The Brits have begun to push into Denmark but without the help of the Americans the odds are against them. Soon Europe will be under a new colour, the colour of red. The glorious motherland will be unstopable. Soon the Americans will realise this too.In conclusion: Communism is the way forward."
76561198006680235,Recommended,222750,2390201,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,[SIN7] Sharpshooter089,"Wargame: Airland Battle is one of the most sophisticated, ambitious, and beautiful RTS games of its class. If you are a strategy gamer at any level, this is a must have in your library."
,Recommended,222750,19323120,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Reagan,good :) 0:) ):))) ::)P0oi0 :)i9i :)OI) cunmt
76561198017723865,Recommended,222750,19295845,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,sorseris,Best RTS ever
,Recommended,222750,8307948,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Viper,"Best RTS this year, brilliant multiplayer and free dlc. What more can you ask for?10/10"
76561198048336243,Recommended,222750,8308411,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Chuckles20x,"really in depth strategy. A lot of fun, once you figure out how not to lose every match."
76561198020477852,Recommended,222750,8308740,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,BigMeatSpecial,"Best strategy game I have ever played.Its fast paced when you want it to be or you can slow it down and go on the defensiveThe array of units is staggering, over 800 of them, each having their own weaknesses and strengths.The scale of battles is truly magnificent, I havent been in awe of the raw destruction like I have in this game since i played Supreme Commander FA.This game is an absolute treasure and is completely underrated in my opinion.If you love strategy, hell if you love war games, this is a must!"
,Recommended,222750,8297113,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dildo Swaggins  [UK],Wicked
76561198007790544,Recommended,222750,8352938,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,DaBeej484,If you're a fan of RTS games then this is a must.
76561197962345331,Recommended,222750,8354005,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mattlock,Very good game for duels or mass battles. If you're not interested in multiplayer I can't say; I only played the single player campaign just past the tutorial.
76561198022913935,Recommended,222750,8354708,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SCAR,Good game...
,Recommended,222750,8357757,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,alxCP,great strategy games like true general!
76561198020969688,Recommended,222750,8358310,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Headhunter2722,One of the Best RTS's I have ever played.
76561197970570581,Recommended,222750,8346451,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Warmotor,"I have mixed feelings about this game. It's probably the closest anyone have ever come to the experience of commanding an army, but is commanding an army really any fun?The graphics scale seamlessly from satellite view of contents to the gnats♥♥♥♥♥jumping out of the way of your shiny tank. Again, very realistic at every step, but does realism equal fun? If you're the kind of guy that likes to spend 3 hours in MFS flying from SMF to LAX, flipping all of the switches, landing flawlessly, this is probably your RTS. If you're a Starcraft/C&C wizard out looking for a new game, steer FAR clear from this one.The tutorials are pathetic. The game is completely devoid of humor. Well, you don't play games for humor and you don't mind spending a few hours on youtube.Runs natively on Linux? Ufck yeah, son. Thumbs UP."
76561198022008363,Recommended,222750,8347261,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dyson_007,"A new generation of strategy game, not like you run of the mill RTS but still loads of fun."
76561197981779605,Recommended,222750,911113,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Seahawk,"If you like RTS games, this one is a blast!"
,Recommended,222750,8350272,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,mr. david,Fantastic game! :)
,Recommended,222750,8350513,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,A.Johnson,"Greatest RTS game I have ever played, includes Modern Era and Vietnam-ish era, should be alot more than what it is selling for!"
,Recommended,222750,8351594,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Doge Dandy,Best modern war strategy game out there other than world in conflict.
,Recommended,222750,984270,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,ThalionusGER,"WAB, is one of the best AKTION ""simulation"" wargames.Hardcore realistic fans can be disinpointed because the playing time scale is not realistic andthe 08/15 ""Command and conquer player"" (only select units and click to attack) will be frustrated by slautering his armies.The players who loves wargames with more & less demand of realistic simulation will be excited."
76561198051509162,Recommended,222750,8249321,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[MNI] Megashock4,"Loving the game, Took a few mins to learn how to play but since i cant stop playing it.Absolutely love the amount of unitsKeep the free updates coming i say"
,Recommended,222750,8256101,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Luna,awesome awesome awesome aweseme
76561198036438436,Recommended,222750,8975857,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,TheeBloodyBaron,"This is the strategy version of Battlefield!!! Amazing detail, tons of units, a lot of different factions, and a surprisingly good campaign!!! Bye the game!! Especially while it is on sale!!!"
76561198084652883,Recommended,222750,9367365,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,JBDaywalkr,aside from no functions execpt turning chat completely off to ignore the insaine amount of mouth in it this game is by far one of the best rts games i've played. Everything comes into play in combat not just your strategies and how you use them but the enviroment as well. The realism is amazing and being able to get right down onto the action is awesome
76561198107085782,Recommended,222750,9416221,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,ianmetcalf,Cool RTS!
,Recommended,222750,9279338,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,MR STALIN,nice game
76561198076054876,Recommended,222750,9280988,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Nigge csgoroll.com,"AWESOME stategy game, I LOVE it and i'd recommend it to you. It may cost a lot, but it gots great graphics, speed and performance. Join me!"
,Recommended,222750,9284519,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Holographica,Fun for the whole family**
,Recommended,222750,8987291,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Crocs Wit Socks,This is by far one of the greatest strategy games to come out in recent years. This game does however have a rather large learning curve (im 50 hours in and im still learning new things) but once you get the hang of this game it is very satisfing. 10/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,222750,9286719,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,eheines14,"Excellent attention to detail, History buffs will love this game. Only downside is a very steep learning curve. Once you get the hang of it this game delivers hours of endless fun! 9/10"
,Recommended,222750,9608531,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Sinclaire,"A short while ago - kind of in preparation for the new WG: Red Dragon - I started playing WG:EE again, and it still is a great game. Personally I never cared much for the single player campaign which is a weak spot of the series. However the multiplayer part is just great. It alllowas games from 1v1 up to 10v10. The amount of available units is huge and accomodates for lots of different strategies. The game could be considered semi-realistic with the units being based on real life versions though in some instances tweaked for gameplay reasons.Worth mentioning is also that this game had received two free DLCs in the past adding additional units and maps. Something that gets pretty rare these days.So anyone looking for a great RTS with a focus on multiplayer matches should take this game into consideration,"
,Recommended,222750,9320794,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,BloodWolf87,"Love this game! It is a very hard game, and I have lost multiple times on easy.Think of it as the Total War series but set during the cold war"
,Recommended,222750,9309944,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,evanb90,"Eugen Systems has found a winning formula with Wargame. Airland Battle adds to European Escolation, adding fixed wing aircraft to the player's arsenal and even more ground units. Visually appealing (albeit not spectacular) with solid gameplay, Airland Battle is a strong addition to a declining genre.What is most distinct about Airland Battle is the scale of the maps. These are full fledged warzones. Weapon ranges aren't compressed for the most part. Tanks can and will engage targets at 2000 meters. You will find situations where a 15000m range artillery piece won't have full map coverage. It allows players to be unpredictable and creative with their unit maneuvers and increases the importance of logistics and recon.Some won't like the scale- players will spend a lot of time watching their vehicles roll toward the enemy and the battles can end very quickly and decisively when they occur- but for me, the only glaring flaw in this otherwise good game is the audio- there is not much variety in sound effects."
76561197963831136,Recommended,222750,164351,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Goroxx,"Fantastic game!  I generally dislike RTS games because of they are usually annoying spammy click-fests.  This game is very different, in that you have to truly use combined arms (armor/infantry/recon/air) strategy to win, not just spamming the most OP unit you have.  For every unit, there is a counter.  Based on a 1980's ""What if NATO and the Warsaw Pact nations went to war"" premise, this game delivers one of the best hands-down wargame experiences, period.  There's a slight learning curve, and at times it can ge chaotic, but overal, this is a must-buy game.  You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,222750,2233786,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,MDDonnergott,After CoH2 one of the best RTS games in 2013!
76561198010845371,Recommended,222750,9339390,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Anonymoist,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥BALLS THIS IS REALLY GOOD
76561198030561753,Recommended,222750,9343455,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Lobandito[TAW],Great game realistic and a lot of fun to play whit friends  airplanes are great support games works fine only hate the comunity that leaves the game if they are in the losing team. also cant wait for wargame redragon~!!!
76561197986552718,Recommended,222750,9563302,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Insurektion,"One of my favorite RTS games. This is a true military tactical RTS. Finiding the synergy of units  you choose (creating decks) and understanding how to impliment those choices in combat are just afew simple things this game has to offer. Its very accurate portfolio of units, versitile terrain maps, and in-depth relationship of how the two interact is one of the reasons I praise this game so highly. This is by no means a ""build alot of tanks and destroy the enemy"" type game. It takes understanding of what everything does and how to use it best within the terrain, game type, and who you are up against. Its a perfect balance of strategic and tactical desition making coupled with immersive real time military combat."
,Recommended,222750,9567988,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,COL DEATH SETH,epic battles.
76561198006830697,Recommended,222750,9335213,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,dindinns,"Well what can I say! I can not praise this game enough. It is great from start to finish. I only wish it had a deeper camapign mode. If you don't have this game in your arsenal, take it from me, YOU NEED IT!!!Keep up the good work and roll on Red Dragon."
,Recommended,222750,8805926,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,SpartanC,"One of the best real-time strategy games I have ever played. The only thing it lacks is base building, but the combat mechanics have enough depth to make up for this shortfall."
,Recommended,222750,8810061,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,dickinass720,"AI is a filthy cheater, he deploys endless waves of T-55s when he is on an air assault deck, go figuire. still can be great fun, you just have to get the hang of it first, and lean to play dirty."
,Recommended,222750,12574425,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,charlie0198,"Great game with awesome replay value, only thing done better would be a larger solo campaign and more variety with maps..."
,Recommended,222750,12590136,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,the.hammer,great game for modern combat it has it all
,Recommended,222750,12546291,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,commander monts,"This game does a great job of being practical, authentic and extremely difficult.If you're into military sim and RTS this is the one. If you're into Guy Fieri, this probably isn't for you."
,Recommended,222750,12474523,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,BRAWNDO,"Yes and also no. Super yes on sale. No to $20 partly due to age and also the tutorial is rubish. This game is super indepth and micro heavy. tutorial doesnt help. But there are steam guides that read like actual military manuals but they explain everything. very trial and error though for learning. and its starting to go from work to super fun. I personally have not gone into a multiplayer game due to knowing that i would be (rightly) flamed for being a noob feeder. But god is it fun. Work though.What i am really trying to get at is that this isnt a wambam ""lol explosions and guns"" game. Its a challenge even at its easiest. But its fun once you start to learn."
,Recommended,222750,12464658,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Neg Neg™,Is FREAKIN EPIC!!!!
76561198099100627,Recommended,222750,12468120,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Hogun555,yes
76561198012159008,Recommended,222750,12469563,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,FraggleBatches,Highly strategic and a lot of fun.
,Recommended,222750,12490333,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Amblonyx,"Wargame: Airland Battle is a spectacular game, to be frank.With its selection of hundreds of units, varying from the humble infantry to the mighty tanks, a player can build a deck to combat and defend against any threat. In addition to a range of units, is the deep strategy. Its clearly evident that every weapon has its own weaknesses and strengths, and these need to be exploited! Vehicles all have a complex damage system too, some stronger at the front and weak at the back.Multiplayer is a little strange, but still fun. Participate in small 1v1 skirmishes or rediculous 10v10 wars! Either way, its a cluster of joy and frustration as you take and lose territory!Single player is... disappointing. Thats really all I can say.In terms of graphics, this game is absolutely spectatular! Units are clean and crisp when zoomed in. The landscape however is a little, ""mushy"", but none the less still good looking. Particle effects are also amazing, especially when dropping a huge payload of bombs.I would recommend this to anyone whom like a deep strategy game and a modern vibe to warfare!9/10"
76561197972328749,Recommended,222750,12491066,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,huwjenjinn,"The best WWIII simulator I've played (okay it's the only one).Pros: In game controls are good and the navigation an absolute delight to use. Games are fun, with challenge in single person without any horrific cheating from the AI....well nothing blatant. A leisurely romp compared to a lot of micro management style games.Cons; Had to buy a new video card to play it, my old GTX9800 was fine as far as performance was concerned (didn't seem too taxed) but resulted in serious ""random"" crashes in game after 10 minutes. OS 14.04. Replaced and all was fine."
76561198068035068,Recommended,222750,11342233,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Devil Dog 4,"This very realistic RTS sure has a steep learning curve, but once you get the hang of it, it provides fast-paced, pedal-to-the-metal action covering a time-period a bit less touched by other games out there (the Cold War). Punishing to those who get lazy or too greedy with their strategies, the game keeps you at the edge of your seat, no matter who you are up against (including a surprisingly efficient AI). Many games end within 30-40 minutes, but that's more than enough adrenaline-pumping time to keep any gamer satisfied.Even with Wargame: Red Dragon already in my library, ALB still maintains its own flair, and is something I will continue playing for a long, long time..."
76561198001845253,Recommended,222750,2073907,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Eartheater,Best RTS I have played.
,Recommended,222750,1276995,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Emerpus,"전작에서 전투기가 추가됐다. 무리수가 아닌 적절한 투입이었다. 덱 짜는것도 나라별, 부대별 , 시대별 차별점을 둬서 덱을 짜는 재미가 다양해졌다. 후속작에는 해군도 추가한다는데 충분히 기대해볼만 하다."
,Recommended,222750,10587827,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,davieholgate,"Amazing RTS game set in the most unstable era of mankind: The Cold War.The game features 4 campaigns, playing as each side of the conflict for 2 campaigns each.There is also a massive multiplayer element to the game, with 10v10 brawls.Alright, so lets see what i gathered:Pros- Amazing graphic detail, even at lower settings- I never witnessed any bugs whatsoever, everything played as it should- 10v10 online (you NEED to try this!)- Massive customisable 'decks' which represent the force you command, pick to be a specialised force or a generalised force before battle- Never got boring, the AI would always play unpredictably and aggressively- unlike some other strategy games, like the C&C series; the games would last about 20 minutes depending on player count, as opposed to the paltry 5 to 10 minutes max offered by C&C- Unlike other strategies, rushing is the worst early battle option, allowing for a more realistic strategy experienceHowever, i am not very good at this game at all, so my opinion may be slightly biased for my side.Cons- I dont hate the micro managing features, however they can get irritating while trying to organise a massive push, you have to regularly supply all units with fuel, ammunition, and spare parts/repairs, id rather either be the resupply guy or the combat guy- Dont expect a friendly welcome. upon the realisation they have a 'noob' on their team, many will take the opportunity to guess and mock your apparent junk size, your age, and if you get where this is going... generally noob unfriendly playerbase- There are alot of trolls on this game, who will park artillery units near you base and leech fuel and ammo en masse, leaving you with none- The AI sometimes fails to use variety, and will use only one type of unit, either all tanks, or all helicopters sometimesAnd i guess thats my review guys, look forward to seeing you on the field."
76561198021804069,Recommended,222750,14062648,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Robobamanation,"A fast-paced RTS game that offers an insanely diverse unit line-up. Tactics matter– a lot. The battles favor those who utilize terrain and coordinate their assaults. Players must adapt to their opponents' tactics and respond accordingly. The challenge is in organizing and moving your forces as the battle unfolds. Be warned, a bit of micro-managing is required to do this, so if that's a turn off for you, then this game ain't for ya.You don't need a high-spec CPU or GPU to run this thing at decent graphics settings, which in my book is a plus. I got it for about $10 during last year's sales, but it's definitely worth the $20 they're charging for it these days.Good, if not great game, fair price."
,Recommended,222750,5677480,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,6 Frag CaL,I thought the first Wargame was amazing.. but this is even better. With planes added to the game it makes it even more strategic. The new units and nations are awesome too!
76561198086226884,Recommended,222750,8691576,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,zoro_333_ewq,This game is totally fantastic this is the best game to play if you are a real time strategy lover.
76561198036138850,Recommended,222750,8672881,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,DzaKid,pretty good game
,Recommended,222750,8676110,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Shika,"This game is for people who actually want to play a videogame and use their brains, not watch a movie. The multiplayer is excellent and the 10v10 modes are an absolute blast. The balance is near-perfect and air units add some desperately needed offensive power, it helps to provide an alternative to spamming low cost units for a push. The new nations are great and add much-needed deck varietymy personal GOTY 2013"
76561197979740360,Recommended,222750,8676421,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ardus,"Wargame is awesome, If you love RTS then you will love this. Granted you may get super fustrated at times."
,Recommended,222750,8678147,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,y0jimbo,Improvements all round on everything from European Escalation. The addition of Planes adds a great new dynamic and the new deck building system is also fantastic. Get it now!
76561198002671022,Recommended,222750,8675669,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Thunderov,If you want to play this game let me give some tips for you. The game is hard...soul crushingly hard (also dont buy it for the single player since it is painfully obvious that SP did not revice more than 2% of the developers money and thus it is unpolished). Unlike your usual RTS this game is not about spamming the same order to a unit just 1 cm to a different direction at 300APM and more about strategy on a map wide scale with most battles taking place in a more tactical scale. The pace of the game goes back and forth you can loose the most expensive units in just a second in a single attack and your micro wont help with that but you also sit around doing nothing for the most part until that one recon you placed there behind enemy lines picks up enemy activity and the game suddenly turns into fast paced action. The game requires a different mindset and wants to show you how your army must make use of every piece of equipment and map features that is at your disposal in order to achive victory . But if you get past the learning curve that is almost as steep as the learning curve of Dwarf Fortress(okay maybe not that hard) you'll have hours of fun shooting up Tanks form the 1980s with a sneaky infantry squad that cost only 1/5th compared to that tank you just destroyed. The game has headcrushing depth and complexity and it will reward strategic thinkind and unconventional tactics that will cheer you up immensly. The controls are easy to learn for the most part the armory has an insane amount of units for both NATO and PACT from 1950 to 1990. But to learn how to use them you'll need to make use of the chatroom from time to time also a few guides. But the community is great(for the most part) and if you do ask a question it wont take more than a few seconds till you get the answer.If you do get to the end of this review all you need to know is this. There are two kinds of games: ones that bore you to a state aproaching Rigor Mortis and there are games that you'll stop playing because you just noticed that you spent a day on your♥♥♥♥♥having fun. Wargame Airland battle is in the latter category it is a truly shining example of the genre that is not about spamming tanks and going from on side of the map to the other hoping that your taget will be amongst the things that die along the way.So yes the game is good the soundtrack get a bit annoying but at least thanks to the graphics it'll run well on any PC if you updated it in 2010.
,Recommended,222750,6879536,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Carlinhos Gabriel,"Amazing game, one of the best RTS i've ever played, if you played WiC (World in Conflict) and liked it, you're gonna take a beat the few first battles, but, love it after you learned!"
76561198012236432,Recommended,222750,8435581,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SuperGuppy,It's almost as if there was a polar bear dry humping a walrus while lecturing you on the integrity of density altitude.
76561198019537110,Recommended,222750,8435813,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SwissCheezit,It makes me want to look at my♥♥♥♥♥♥and stare at my♥♥♥♥♥at the same GODDAMN TIME.
76561198060217367,Recommended,222750,8437333,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,JacatackLP,"BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT"
,Recommended,222750,8580578,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,BlitzKrieger,"Playing as the PACT makes me feel physically sick. However, playing as NATO gives me a freedomboner.9/11 would never forget"
,Recommended,222750,8581269,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Blackhawk558,BEST GAME EVAR
76561198109207777,Recommended,222750,8581666,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tikieagle7,"This is by far one of the best RTS games I've have ever played, hands down. Runs well on basically any computer as well. Do yourself a favor and buy this game!"
,Recommended,222750,8313312,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Aerohead,By far the best strategy I have ever played if you have the chance you should get it.
76561198022263223,Not Recommended,222750,14484229,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,jeandeaux,"Well, it's pretty, that's about the only good thing I have to say.I'm TERRIBLY dissappointed in this game, I'm starting with the tutorials and they are worthless!  The tutorial dumps you in a battle field and leaves you there.  You don't get any guidance, no tips on strategies, not tips what so ever.  Just there's your objective, bye...At this point, feeling like the worst $10 I ever spent."
76561198040696137,Recommended,222750,14537425,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,xXxLASERCHICKENxXx,"Huge learning curve. Took me a while to finally catch on to what I was doing but, after getting over that it's an awesome simulator. Challenging yet enjoyable. Really causes you to think quick or be killed quick."
,Recommended,222750,14510008,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Agent Smith,"Amazing game! It's a rather steep learning curve, but once you get used to the units and game styles, it's VERY fun. The deck making mechanic is awesome and suprisingly fun! However, there is ONE teeny-tiny problem I sort of have with this game, and Red Dragon (the ""sequel"" to this) as well. In European Escalation, you were collecting sort of like research points or command points or something, and using them to buy units that you could then use in your decks. That gave, at least for me, a sense of actually driving toward something every time I played, and that was researching every unit. In these last two games, there isn't any of that; it's simply ""play and have fun making decks and play and things"". I mean, the game is quite fun, but if you play too much you'll get sorta bored of it for the day. But, that's a rather small stain, if one at all."
,Recommended,222750,14551292,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,plenderj,If you think you're good at RTS then give this game a go and bow your head in shame
76561198002672444,Not Recommended,222750,14447355,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Javolenus,"Note: Single-player onlyBought this game to play against the AI. Mistake. Should have checked the forums. Anyway, point is, the AI cheats. It seems to see all your units, even if hidden, and targets then mercilessly. It also spams units. Even on ""easy"" the game seems like a boring uphill slog to me. It's not much fun experimenting with stacks or tactics when you know you're gonna spend 30 minutes getting annihilated."
76561198007730265,Recommended,222750,14446073,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Lethn,"Possibly the most anal real time strategy game I have ever encountered, I have only been playing for a short while so far but if you played games like the original Rome: Total War ( Not the butchered version they have now ) and are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about rush tactics and spamming always winning the war then this game is definitely for you.Basic logistics, terrain knowledge and scouting are all required knowledge here! It is highly recommended you go and watch a youtube tutorial or something so you can understand the basics of command vehicles and so on as you won't even be able to spawn units and capture points without them.If you read Sun Tzu's Art of War back to back and practice lots you might stand a chance against other players."
,Recommended,222750,14495439,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,VRITRA,This Is my favourite out of the three games.its a shame not many people play on the servers.
76561198007290598,Recommended,222750,2434600,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,Aivlis Eldelbar,"Nationality? - Russian.Occupation? - No, no, just visiting."
,Not Recommended,222750,15522903,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,infidel,"Terrible AI that cheats (sees all untis, spawns units anywhere etc), very poor choice in units (has 100's of units but 99% are copy/paste jobs across factions), massive bias towards Russian factions (units are the same as Nato units, just cheaper), and lots of meta game abuse (spam cheapest tanks to stun the best tanks out of action etc), and terrible LoS problems.It is no mystery why this game and be picked up regularly for less then a few pounds."
,Recommended,222750,15528933,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,SecretServiceOO,"very steep learning curve, but very fun military simulator"
,Recommended,222750,3085125,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Smarty,"Very beutifull WAR game, very nice PVP gameplay, flexible system choise type of game.  Очень приятная игра, наилучшее воплощении военных игровых симуляторов глобального уровня на данный момент. Отличный интерфейс управления игрой. Гибкая система выбора типа игры. Перспективный проект и перспективное направление."
,Recommended,222750,14890534,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,big boy,chased around command vehicles with humvees 10/10
,Recommended,222750,15181746,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,harmlesshamster,"I am in now ways an expert at this awesome game, however I DO have some suggestions for the team who made this cool simulation.1.The labels for each unit or unit group. When I zoom out I can cannot even see much of the terrain. How you could remedy this is to shrink, as much as possible, the labels and give the player the option to do away with the BOX and just have text describe the unit or unit group. The text would be outlined and in the color of the owner of the unit.2.Make the ""low on fuel"", ""low on ammo"", and ""need repairs"" smaller. Otherwise, it's pretty cool.3.Give the player the option to have their unit outlined 1 pixel wide in white so the owner of that unit can actually see where it is without having to zoom in 200-300%. Of course this option would be not available to the opposing player concerning your units.4.Give the player the option to have a high visibility line that connects the information label with the actual location of the unit selected. This would dramatically increase tactical awareness.These areSMALLchanges that can be implemented with little or no effort.It feels to me that I am fighting with a label maker and not units.Get rid of the green, blue and red boxes that occlude the beautifully rendered terrain and in it's place use outlined colored text in it's place.The features I LOVED about this game:1.The faithful detail to the units of the period. They did not skimp on any details and they even have several versions of the Abrams!2.The Targeting line is pure genius. I loved how it shows you if you are in line of sight, out of range and even if it is possible for you to engage that unit with your unit's weapon.3.Not over detailing things. There are many games that put megabytes of unnecessary texturing that slows down the game and forces the player to buy a high end GPU or be doomed to play at low rez.4.Windows XP support. We who still operate this durable and reliable OS thank you.5.The way terrain effects or completely impedes movement of a vehicle realistically.6.You did not jump on the DLC bandwagon and charge us for features already in the game. Updates are free and if the game changes enough, you come out with another full feature game.Again, thank you for such an awesome game!"
,Recommended,222750,15258223,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,The Chechen Thunder,"Got my♥♥♥♥♥royally whipped just playing 1v1 against easy bots. It was depressing. It was disheartening. It made me ragequit more times than I'm willing to admit. But once I eked out that first win, everything changed. Well, not at first. I still got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked for a while, but then I started to learn. How to balance the ebb and flow of the game. How to handle a sudden assault on your flank you absolutely did not see coming. It made me realize that even if and entire group of your best tanks, infantry, and support vehicles gets wiped out, you can still consolidate your forces, set up a defense, and make the enemy pay for every inch. Hell, I've won more than a few games by pulling back into a strong defense and just reinforcing where need be as wave after wave of enemy tanks, jets, helicopters, and APCs crashed against it fruitlessly. It has an initial difficulty that honestly can be very frustrating.Read the ♥♥♥♥ing guide.Yes its over a 100 pages.Yes its dense as hell.Yes it will insult your intelligence with alarming regularity.But read it all the same.It will teach you techniques that are absoloutely critical to success.For instance, did you know that even basic reserve infantry in towns can absoulutely ♥♥♥♥ and Abram's♥♥♥♥♥♥six ways back to tuesday? No? Well now you do. Its information like that that's in the guide and will save you from repeated♥♥♥♥♥whuppings.Play vs the AI. Its a smart AI, and can and will overwhelm you, hit you where your weak, and use all the strategies you should be using. Now go out there and lead your badasses to victory!"
,Recommended,222750,15464805,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Kanki,"Nice game for RTS, each country has its own unique, you can choose your own style of army"
,Recommended,222750,14995149,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,El Tuxo,Okay I finally fixed the Polish BS and the Login issues without any customer support cause it sucked. Is the game good? Yes its fun but their tech support needs some real overhaul for sure...
,Recommended,222750,16247563,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Ai,"OK, this game is hard to play if ur dumb but the grraphics makes up for u losing u see guys fly in , and land then a heli comes by and pew pew pew all ur tanks are destroyed XD but its sick so its fun"
,Recommended,222750,4011249,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Tomato,"A military strategy-simulator type of game. Worth to play, intense, and is a really fun game for people who likes modern military RTS !"
76561198086576747,Recommended,222750,16259833,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Gamerdaz008,"So far this game has shown how difficult it can be to make a game that has Normal AI.Issues: When playing solo campaign the AI is quick to respond to an attack, thus the game / Match ends quickly (3 minutes quickly) Disapointing.* In order to survive a campaign (Hard mode) you need to score politcial points to create counter measures before an enemy attacks ~ This helps improve the campaign losses ~ But I've found out that sending aereal raids or reconesance that a battle occurs on have no effect on the outcom of your campaign ~ being useless to even start the campaign.* Battles last less than 20 minutes if you manage to survive the enemy attacks ~ Then you suffer losses, no matter how well your strategy is. (Maybe I'm not playing correctly, but when in easy mode SAME THING HAPPENS!)Maybe adding Recon Leadership in each battle before sending troops to location might improve battle area outcome ~ BUT even if that happens, when you start winning THE GAME JUST MAKES THE ENEMY'S TANKS JUST DISAPEAR OFF THE SCREEN INSTEAD OF THE FULL LENGTH BATTLE!!! ~ This it the real rediculus part in that when you start shooting off the enemys and start winning, the computer will not show the attacks made on those units in full ~ THEY JUST DISAPEAR OFF THE SCREEN , like some code that decided to be written into it to spare the CPU for other tasks ~ like AI that knows where you are hiding.* I have enojyed this game's basic Idea of strategy, micro managing your units to attack where you need them to, but it seems that the disapearing units seems to show this game does not fully use the CPU for in depth playability, maybe I'm using a CPU that uses less of an older code written for Core - 2770 up to 3770 ~( I'm using 4770K) so maybe the coding is more written for those older CPU that newer CPU do not use any more due to more effiecnt coding methods etc.* I still like this game, I like the idea of setting up your batte areas and placing your men where needed, it's simple...but that is it, the rest is at the mercy of the AI, which seems to only use 1 core for playability and worse that it could use an older code that is more recocnized by older CPU's...so instead of being able to watch how your guys are being blasted, the Computer / Game just makes them disapear.UPDATE: I've decided to give this game a YES.Only because the strategy required to play this game can be slow (which is good if the game is to play longer) .I've learned that sending recon into a territory can improve the chances winning and gaining points."
76561197985492493,Recommended,222750,1056294,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Milkbone,Great game....nothing like twitchy RTS's....real world stratagy actually is needed to play and succeed.  A thinking mans game....!!
,Recommended,222750,8644484,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Roffe,Great game but it have it's flaws. Wargame European Escalation were better but its dead now as most went over to Wargame Airland Battle.
,Recommended,222750,19666101,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,neat.,what the ♥♥♥♥ is this? you're kidding right?
76561198037220972,Recommended,222750,4441945,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Evil borsh,афигенная игра !!!!!!!
76561198015008082,Recommended,222750,2951666,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,Saiko,Totally worth it!
,Recommended,222750,7788446,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Rarity,"An excellent strategy game, encompassing all the major PACT and NATO nations of the 70's and 80's, Aswell as a large amount of their equipment. The strategy includes such things as terrain sightlines, weapon effects, and even aircraft now.The singleplayer is not really worth it, so only buy if you want to play a fairly deep multiplayer strategy game. Games last from 20-40 minutes on average."
,Recommended,222750,3992225,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Blaster,"Yea, I'm so happy that I own this game!"
,Recommended,222750,6774819,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,C0mmissar Cripsen,"If you like APM strategy games like Starcraft or Command&Conquer, this is nothing like that. However if you like cleverly using real world tactics and units to effectively counter your enemy while using intelligent movement and dynamic firepower, this is the game for you. Real world units, historical accuracy, various maps, good multiplayer, and all the polish sausage you can eat."
76561197984165617,Recommended,222750,7794058,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[SCBFF] Captain Obvious,"One of the best modern time RTSs I've come to play.  It has a larger learning curve than most RTSs, but its quite rewarding in its execution.  It is also really pretty at all levels."
,Recommended,222750,7794171,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,>amd amx,"Immense realism, i do suggest to get it if you are a fan of strategy games."
76561198027248083,Recommended,222750,3776715,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,Herr Wolf,Good game
,Recommended,222750,2544533,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Life Pilgrim,"This is the definitive real time strategy(rts) game for me. I know Starcraft 2 is much more popular but imo Starcraft 2 is a pop culture than the definitive rts game. Wargame is the definitive rts game because it puts the strategy part in rts in its proper place. The game rewards superior thinking and victory doesn't depend on your fingers dexterity(your action per minute). AirLand baattle improves on its predecessor by having more countries, units and a solid variety of planes. Campaign is now dynamic though the campaign experience can feel mediocre I still prefer it than scripted campaigns in EE. More interestingly the game now allows 10 Vs10 multiplayer combat though currently only for a single map. The game shines the most in this mode though some people quit early in most of these sessions. I highly recommend this game and if you're a military buff or enthusiast or like a thinking game this game is for you. Superior thinking wins in this game."
76561198053350603,Recommended,222750,5639697,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,WendellThrewUp,"Good game, quite unlike any other RTS out there. Nice variation in units and excellent multiplayer. I wish that perhaps the multiplayer scene was not as prone to spam or exploits as it seems to be, but that's more of an individual play style issue than a game design one. If anything, it shows the design allows for multiple strategies."
76561198027987919,Recommended,222750,7813282,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,N tech,"Amazing game, slightly hard to learn at first, but rewards you for persistence with it with strategic, unpredictable and usually teamwork based battles of epic proportions."
76561198031722299,Recommended,222750,8543674,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,SwissArmyKnife,"Always great fun commanding a few thousand troops to their death! Quite a few game mechanic changes from the Euro version, including the campaign mode. Buy it on sale though, the regular price is a bit high for this expansion."
,Recommended,222750,8543938,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Blood,#Pro
76561198022732584,Recommended,222750,8545425,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Reemo,Really impressed by the depth of strategy in this game.  There aren't many games out right now that really make you think about the desicions you make.
76561198027191609,Recommended,222750,8545471,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,-Bro-Chuga,Hellz to the yes sir!!
76561198063934242,Recommended,222750,8571966,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,SPOOKYEYES,fun as hell ill give it Five damn golden stars!
,Recommended,222750,8573516,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,vD,"awesome, realisic as♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198069181098,Recommended,222750,6565441,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,Taquito Boy,the best RTS game I've ever played.
76561198003674298,Recommended,222750,8589023,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,terrorofsky,Perfectly balanced between hard-core military reality and pure pleasure of strategy game.
,Recommended,222750,8562453,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[TTH]ViolentSleep,Easily on of the most enjoyable strategy games I've played in recent memory. City fights are always good fights.
76561198068430229,Recommended,222750,8562598,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Callixtunis™,"Amazing Macro Management strategy game! anyone who likes the CoH series or any of their games, or R.U.S.E, will definantly produce a love for this game. 110!"
76561198048896027,Recommended,222750,8389434,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,gvstaylor1,"So far I love it. A very realistic RTS that uses modern american weaponry... No other game comes close that is good... This game is a challenge, but always fun with friends."
76561197999236056,Recommended,222750,8564388,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,SawToothAutumn,"If you enjoy R.U.S.E. then you will enjoy this game. It's more or less like R.U.S.E but gets rid of the R.U.S.E. cards and adds in more depth to units. (ammo, fuel, mindset/morale of units)"
,Recommended,222750,8566025,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,LouisPR,I haven't play the game a lot to give a review about it's worth.What I can say right now is that this game is optimized. My XFX6870 died (waiting for the new one to arrived_. I expected this game to be unplayable due to the onboard graphics but found out that the auto optimization works great. I'm playing it with the Intel3000 from my 2500K (clocked at 4.6Ghz) no lag or frame drops the graphics look great. Of course this isnt at high resolutions dont remember correctly the resolution it's running right now but I would have to guess its by 720.About the game there are various stats for each unit which makes it really strategic. You cant just rush various units to attack because you will fail miserably.
76561198043660209,Recommended,222750,8566379,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,HeavensDevil,the best out there. cant wait for red dragon.
76561198006580457,Recommended,222750,8570158,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Kommissar Hedgehog,"When it comes to Tactical Strategy, it doesn't get better than this..."
76561198010787922,Recommended,222750,8551115,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Firstfelix,Simply the best wargame ever. Steep learning curve but stick with it and you will be rewarded.
76561198061106673,Recommended,222750,9767976,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,ODST Omega 117,very fun game. would like more people to play it tho.
,Recommended,222750,9774546,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,_kaliber,"Great game, not a game for people new to strategy."
,Recommended,222750,9774577,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Rollingsherman,"This is a great RTS! I love the Cold War turned hot genre, so this really got my attention once I took the time to take a look at some gameplay. I can thank VulcanHDGaming on Youtube for me wanting to buy this. Its got a steep learning curve, but if you take the time to read the guides here on Steam and watch some videos on Youtube you will be way ahead of the average noob. I also recommend playing some of the campaigns and skirmishs against AI. Also watching your replays is helpful to learn from mistakes.This is a thinking persons game. It does require some extreme micormangement, but that will be learned with experience."
,Recommended,222750,9670952,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Yureina,"Boom.The second game in the... wargame series (still think that's a smelly title) is an expansion of the first game with lots of new stuff. The most obvious new thing, of course, being aircraft. The planes, and there are plenty of them, are quite fun to have and can be useful in fites so long as you don't get them kaboomed. Planes essentially are glass cannons that can give you some major firepower but can also die quite easily, so you have to be careful with how you use them. Beyond that... there's 4 new nations (Canada, Denmark, Sweden, Norway) and more new units for everyone. Yey.Gone is the ""star"" system in WG:EE, so every unit is unlocked right away. This kinda kills the purpose of singleplayer a bit, though you can still play that for funs. The campaign this time around is not a mission-by-mission thing, but a strategic map game where you move units and have them fight over territories in relatively short battles. Can be fun, but also a little repetitive. It can also be a bit unforgiving if you mess up, but anyone who played the first game knows that already.So basically this is a multiplayer game with some singleplayer stuff. Your choice of whether or not you get this depends upon how interested you are in multiplayer, because that's the core of this game.Have fun kabooming stuff!"
76561198043076089,Recommended,222750,9673268,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Ricefield Marauder,Very fun if you're into RTS'.   I quit because I'm very bad at it.  Very diverse playing styles to choese.
76561198013912336,Recommended,222750,7825345,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,cool_lad,"Excellent game, though the complexity may be daunting to new players."
,Recommended,222750,7049266,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,EMERALD WOLF,A fan of RUSE and now I found what I was waiting for!
76561197994729886,Recommended,222750,7610927,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,AiDec,Amazing RTS game. Recommended!
,Recommended,222750,8052780,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,티나,PLAY THE GAME. VERY FUN!
76561197992353500,Recommended,222750,8055485,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,bandman,I would reccommend it.  Swing hard
76561198044543580,Recommended,222750,8056630,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,DerHeydrich,YES
76561198037130650,Recommended,222750,8057299,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,hollandmajor,This is defenitly a game to try if you like strategy!
76561198034121031,Recommended,222750,8045763,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,captainsam101,"Very similar to European Assault except highly refined; the unlock system is now gone (good) and arty has been redone so that it is more powerful, but has significantly less ammo and units, where you only get 4ish units and about 4 volleys without restocking."
,Recommended,222750,7618463,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Xion Invention,"I recommend this game. Great RTS, it deserves more attention. Single player was not as good as Wargame: European Escalation, but still fun. Multiplayer and graphics are a huge improvement over Wargame: European Escalation."
,Recommended,222750,8049240,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,JerichoEffect,"Best RTS game out there, definetly recommend this game to anyone who likes going from god mode to visual third person!"
,Recommended,222750,8049828,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,NATOSpyder,Awesome! large scale cold war warfare at it's finest!
,Recommended,222750,8050859,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,SpicyDog,"A fine departure from tradition clicks per second starcraft type madness.  A cerebral strategy game where intentional movement and position take priority over super fast pace. An excellent choice for the mature gamer with a  penchant for strategy.Use real-world battlefield strategies like blitzkreig, shock and awe, schwerpunkt, or the armored spearhead. The game needs more options for formations, but otherwise hits the concept of a modern warfare strategy game right on the nose. Suppress enemy air defences so your planes can move in for the kill, or build up squadrons of Main Battle Tanks to punch a hole in the lines. Bombard your enemy with punishing artillery, or cover your advances with smoke. Burn out enemy troops with napalm and flamethrowers, or bring in the Delta Force to fight in close quarters.The campain mode has been weak from the getgo, but the multiplayer makes up for its shortcomings, even though there have been improvements with recent patches."
76561197972402567,Recommended,222750,8051696,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,bartpp7,Fantastic game its on of the best RTS games out there and if you like World in Conflict you will like this.
76561198062260356,Recommended,222750,8051822,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,199 Insp. Richer,i have found this gain to be very auxzilariting
76561197983785991,Recommended,222750,989001,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,G3NUINE Chief,"If a game set in a fictional 80's cold war senario where you face off as Pact or Nato in epic battles is your thing, then go no further this has all of that in spades and more.9/10  this game is pure class."
76561197972634150,Recommended,222750,595685,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,Jacek.Bryniak,"This is one of the best RTS games I have played in a long time. Learning curve is a little steep, especially for the air component, otherwise 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,222750,4605415,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Resolution,A refreshing take on the RTS genre. The entire game is built around learning and improving your army and strategy. It's nice to be able to plan ahead.
76561197991157078,Recommended,222750,8098867,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Maddoghalo,"Great strategic game. Need to use a wide range of units, cant spam just one unit unless you want to get destroyed.Toughest part abou this game is keeping all your units fueled and supplied. If your units run dry out in the field throwing down fire the enemy will hang back and steam roll you when you are out.Con:Coop players, sorry. This game has coop campaign; but no public lobby. You have to add people as friends and then invite them to the game. It is kind of dumb how they did not put a public game lobby for coop campaign."
76561198026253080,Recommended,222750,8099034,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Archduke Justice,"There's an incredibly steep learning curve, but it's easy to understand and highly addictive. I only wish there was more in-depth options when skirmishing against AI. Having the ability to limit the AI's starting points would help newbies learn the ropes."
,Recommended,222750,8099120,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Adm-Thrawn,This is one of the best Strategy games from Steam and I highly recommend it.
76561198023853320,Recommended,222750,3504188,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Raigir,"If your any kind of self respecting RTS fan, you should own this game. Also, if you remember what it was like playing with all those micromachine soldiers and vehicles (remember them?), this time they come with heart pleasing explosions.Never played a more satisfying RTS. Wargame doesn't emphasize the clickfest like play of SC or SC2, but instead goes with making your tactical and strategic decisions matter far more. Macromanagement is finally on an even ground with micromanagement, and probably more valuable in this game then micro."
,Recommended,222750,7302220,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Agamemnon,"“AirLand Battle is a deep, rewarding endeavor worthy of any strategy nut's time. One of the year's best”"
,Recommended,222750,8108493,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,pieterdegreef,"Much better than WG:EE, I do miss some game modes. For the hardcore strategist!"
,Recommended,222750,8109377,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,M.Knoll,LOVE IT or HATE IT!ITS A GENIUS GAME!
,Recommended,222750,8122350,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Katy Perry,One of the best pick-up-and-go strategy games I've ever played. Jets add a whole new dimension to playing tactically as well. A huge improvement over the last game.
76561197970751919,Recommended,222750,8111005,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,[SSGS] Molomir,"I found the SinglePlayer Campaign somewhat lacking compared to European Escalation. The addition on new countries, especially Canada, made me extremely excited for this game...and I wasn't dissapointed! Like aformentionned, the Singleplayer is not as I expected it to be but the multiplayer experience is where all the fun is at, and coming from a guy who doesn't play RTS' online, that means a lot!9/10, definitely a must buy for those who enjoyed European Escalation and for those who enjoy this type of game!"
76561197968885401,Recommended,222750,8114333,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,(Holy) Llamas of Santa,"It's obnoxiously deep, challenging multiplayer. I'm only barely aware that it has single player. The MP is fantastic though."
,Recommended,222750,4121353,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Kawaii Leonard,"Wargame: AirLand Battle, despite its name that seems perfectly designed to mess with search engines, is an indepth strategic RTS that truly shines in multiplayer, but does rather less well in single-player games. The campaign mode is a letdown, due to poor AI and a 20 minute time limit per battle when the average length of a game is more than twice that. The number of units is truly overwhelming, over 800 from NATO and WP armies of the Cold War. What's more, with an active multiplayer base and developers who do genuinely care about consumers, the game can only get better."
,Recommended,222750,8190609,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Rin,"Really awesome strategy game,although with very very poor tutorials(I failed the tutorial 5 times).Needs some basic knowledge on the Cold War,lots of units to remeber,lots of attention needed to micromanage the units.A very good game once you get the hang of it"
76561197989372776,Recommended,222750,8014786,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,dynopig,Reasonably complex game that is easy to get in to. Looks so damn sexy and is great to play. Choose to play as NATO or Warsaw PACT and customise your army to be nation-specific or multi-national. Excellent game 9/10.
,Recommended,222750,8004633,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,The Chief,"Challenging RTS-Game. Easy at start, but rockhard to master.For strategy-enthusiasts only, getting started CAN be really complicated.If you are looking for a true RTS challenge with good models, environments,realistic units, one of the best MP in RTS history and evil AI, this is for you."
76561197996403238,Recommended,222750,11794465,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,KrunchyBlak,Great game
,Recommended,222750,11562134,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,tight little butthole,Preety complicated game but im not gonna say i dont recomend it becuase im stupid. so...graphics are great!
,Recommended,222750,11757786,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Aceu,"Airland Battle in a nutshell.Russia: ""GIVE US TEH LAND! >:(""NATO: ""Lol, no.""10/11 best storyline 2014. It made me cri. ;-; -IGN"
,Recommended,222750,7614116,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,シェーン,Really great if you like RTS
,Recommended,222750,2206813,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,[CPC] Shep,"Le roi des RTS, et Made in France en plus."
76561198031918512,Recommended,222750,11617272,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,xGamefreakz,"Wargame: Airland Battle is an extremely addictive, fun and  rather difficult RTS to play. Unlike normal RTS, wargame has a much higher learning curve, and focuses more on tactics than skill.The game is based on real life military modern warfare, and comprises of over 700 units based on real life counterparts, belonging to nations such as the US, the USSR and over other 10 nations.The general gameplay is put onto 2 main gamemodes: Destruction and conquest. In destruction, the goal is to be the most efficient in destroying your opponents units. Each unit in the game will cost a certain amount of points that will increase over time base on how many areas you have captured with command units. Destroying the unit will give you the points of the units cost. More expensive units are much more powerful, but expensive also. In conquest, players rush to capture areas of the battlefield that will start increasing a point meter. The first player who reach the max points win, hence the gamemode focuses on offence. Utilize units that specializes in certain roles to counter the enemy units. There are 7 roles: logistics, infantry, recon, tanks, support, vehicles, helicopters and planes. A balance in all of these roles are required to be versatile.Gameplay starts in the tutorial, while it gets you introduced and started to the game, it does little to fully equip you with the knowledge to play competently. The game includes both campaign, skirmish and the multiplayer, in the campaign, the game puts you in the scenario of the cold war, where you will lead either the NATO, or the warsaw PACT faction into victory against each other.You will be able to deploy troops from different nation to take over areas of the battlefield, where each fight will pit you in a 1v1 against the AI enemy troops. There are  very little long term objectives that is timed, and you will need to rush at it in order to complete it. Extra abilities can be used to reduce the effectiveness of the enemy troops before each fight is started.In the skirmish, you can set the rules for the match against the AI from 1v1 to up to 4v4, being a good place to practice for the multiplayer.In multiplayer is where this game is at its best. Against players in 1v1 to 10v10 matches, you will be able to test you tactics and experience the brutality of this game. Using fully customized 'decks', you will be engrossed in spending time to craft you decks, reading stats after stats of the over 700 units to try to pick the best units for a balanced situation, while also making sure you can afford the cost of each units.The game includes other side content, like replaying a match, a rather small progression system for ranked games and an armory, where you will be able to view all the units in the game available. As stated, this game includes deck customization.Graphically, the game looks gorgeous, maps are based on farmlands, villages, mountains, large crop fields and small food factories. Thick forest and valleys spread the area. Maps are large, and can go to more than 50km wide. Each military unit looks very similar to their real life counter parts, and a filled with a large amounts of detail. Explosion and gunfire sounds very realistic and immersive. A powerful computer is required to play the game on maxed out graphics.Now here are some of the downsides, mostly including balancing. As the game focuses much on the 700+units in the game, extensive balancing has been done, unfortunately it is not enough. The tutorial only teaches you how to play the game of the mechanics only, it does not have any advance tips to even get you winning your first campaign mission on easy. In the campaign, it does not offer any sort of story besides the cold war plot, the gameplay is rather repetitive and it does not differ much than regular battles. As objectives has time limits, you cannot take a slow approach to the campaign. Campaigns last long, but only because each fight is repetitive, do not expect a full on campaign.The game focuses a lot on the multiplayer, with a high learning curve, hence casual player who loves military games will probably enjoy the skirmishes or campaign, but not the multiplayer, unless you are ok with losing. This game can also easily make you angry or extremely annoyed or irritated, especially in the multiplayer, do not play this if you are easily affected emotionally. In fact, if you are a casual player intending to play the game for military fun and not for competitiveness, you might want to pass on this game, while the insane graphics and appealing mordern military machines with realistic gunfire may be very appealing, this game may be abit too hard to play. Unfortunately, this is one of the only RTS with a modern military warfare theme.As you play more and more in the multiplayer you will realize some frustrating units that are rather unfair for their cost, or is very hard to counter in many situations. As the game is based on the statistics of real life units, the more advanced units are generally given to NATO, while the PACT suffers from problems like reduced accuracy and lesser tactical units. For example, the USA of the NATO offers the F117-NightHawk where it is equipped with a laser guided bomb, added to a very stealthy plane, it is difficult to detect and the night hawk can launch its bomb swiftly, with almost 100% accuracy and leave the area fast before it becomes vulnerable to Anti-Air units. There is currently no counterpart of this unit for the PACT, giving the NATO an advantage. The game seems to balance the PACT side with units focusing on more offensive tactics. However this is rather redundant. Wargame includes many realistic factors during gameplay, this includes accuracy, morale, line of sight, being harder to fire on the move , spotting units with recon, heavy cover and others. Because of this, competitive gameplay in normal matches usually boils down to very defensive gameplay. If both sides decides to play defensively, matches can get very boring and frustrating. As both sides do not want to lose units and give points to the enemy team, it is more effective to wait and camp at and area for the enemy to come, giving you advantages like being in cover, firing first, and good positioning. This is enough to even deter what other RTS usually does to counter such a tactic, which is to overwhelm the enemy with a large force. New players will find themselves wondering how their large tank battalions got destroyed by tanks in the forest, a hail of guided missiles and infantry in towns, without even taking a scratch. Entering matches with no time limits against competent players, and you will find the match being endless, until one side decides to attack, which will result in the loss of the game, making high level gameplay extremely frustrating.While Wargame: Airland battle suffers much from balancing issues, there is still much fun to be gained, teaming up with your friends and pitting yourselves against AI can still be alot of fun. Wargame is also one of the very few RTS to focus on modern warfare, with very good graphics, sound and a whole lot of units, this is one of the great games for any military junkie. At the time of review, a sequel has already come out, red dragon, the sequel has fixed a lot of the balancing issue while adding even more units, maps and naval gameplay to the franchise. If you can get either, get red dragon, if not, you still won't be let down with this game, but do not expect a very balanced multiplayer against veterans. Most of the community has also shifted to red dragon. If you plan to get both, you can use Airland battle as a practice to get yourself started to this franchise, if not, you can pass on this as you will not miss much as compared to Wargame: Red Dragon.With its rather unique RTS style of modern warfare, gorgeous graphics and sound, and enjoyable explosive packed gameplay, this games earns an 8/10."
,Recommended,222750,11614251,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,brroleg,"Good game. And people still playing it, so am i."
76561198014298168,Recommended,222750,11630629,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,bearbryant79,i absolutely loved this game. i think its one of the best RTS games ive ever played. i would recomend it to anyone wanting a modern strategy game with great graphics and a great user controls.
,Recommended,222750,11630793,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Chief Circumciser,"This is by far the best RTS I have ever played on steam. This isnt warcraft you need to know your units abilities befor sending it into battle. Planes are weak and exensive just like in real life (ofc). Tanks are expensive but can take alot of damage. infantry can hide and wait for the enemy to come to them. As of another game made by Eugen called Wargame Red Dragon you get 3 types of units. Sea, air, and land which makes gameplay a whole lot more challenging. 9/10 (The players can be trolls :L)"
76561197970640319,Recommended,222750,11651042,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,moridin,This game gives me PTSD but has the most amazing real time battles and addictive deck building system I've ever seen.
,Recommended,222750,10703617,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Trance,"Very nice, campaign could be a tad bit better though"
76561198017746547,Recommended,222750,10560114,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ace Ventura,Absolutely Amazing
76561198034177565,Recommended,222750,10714092,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SilverFox,"This a great game with a fairly steep learning curve.  Luckily there are awesome game guides available for those that need/want them.  It definitely caters to those that already know a bit about the military equipment included in the game.  There are so many positives that I could list but basically its the whole game.  If you like this topic in games then this is the one to get.The one con, and one I feel could easily be fixed are the campaign objectives.  You end up with less time and diminished equipment to complete them with as each scenario moves to the next day.  I guess its realistic but there just seem to be artificial time constraints that don't equate to the actual time in a day."
76561198096266335,Recommended,222750,10720075,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kittycat,Great RTS game :)
76561198079628456,Recommended,222750,10723660,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,oznonqwerty,"great game, would recommend to anyone who likes any kind of wargame"
76561198005753046,Recommended,222750,10794528,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,lupinenaj,"At first when I saw this game I was slightly worried about what it was going to be, the trailers looked fantastic and action packed and usually that only speaks to the trailer and usually not the game....I was very happy I was wrong.Wargame: Airland Battle takes the RTS genre and makes it much more tactical based with large, brimming maps with obvious terrain hundreds of units and is brimming with details that will literally make your head pop with just how much is packed into it. I was in a tank fight and I had noticed that one of my tanks had an orange warning on it that said ""Targetting Computer Reset"" and then a timer next to it. This was damage that had been done to my tank that was being fixed by the crew...it's little things like that that took me my surprise.The graphics are good for an RTS, you won't get blown away by particle effects or anything but for a game that you can lay down hundreds of units in a multiplayer game it was obvious why they kept shadows and particles down a bit. That being said though the game still operates well and does have beautiful graphics, battles are engaging and look like they should feel with missiles, rounds and tracers brimming from one side to another.The 'deck' building element that they like to call it is also a fantastic addition to this game, allowing you to make your own customizable armies from hundreds of units makes for a unique and enjoyable experience, especially in online play.However, I do have one gripe about this game and that is the single player campaign. Where Skirmish mode and Multiplayer shine with beauty the campaign is lack luster and feels rushed, doing 20 minute skirmish after 20 minute skirmish gets old real quick.However, don't let that last bit deter you, the replay ability for the skirmish and multiplayer mode is endless with continual differences in the lists that you run and the opponents you face. Wargame: Airland Battle takes the RTS genre in a much needed change of pace and pulls it off with beauty....beautiful beautiful destruction.9/10"
,Recommended,222750,10587053,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,prolonged crustacean memes,"This is a very intense and involved, yet very rewarding strategy game. I would absolutely reccomend this game."
76561198087475783,Recommended,222750,10636129,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,PlebiusMaximus,its Gucci
76561198062742549,Recommended,222750,10667106,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Maik 11,"cool game, lots of possibilities to play and neverending fun. Nice graphics and pretty good KI make this game a win for every strategy loving gamer"
76561198027017290,Recommended,222750,10808861,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bobby,Ok
76561198013759999,Recommended,222750,10811580,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,alan-stone,"very pretty but pay close attention this game is fast and some times hard, good fun though if you like stratergy ."
76561197970985193,Not Recommended,222750,10518118,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,warchild,it's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222750,10564954,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Draeth,"this game is hard as ****.... even on the easiest difficulty. if you like getting rolled by the computer, go for it. Either way, i'd recommend it, its extremely fun and the graphics are amazing"
,Recommended,222750,10570700,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,I'dNailMyCoffin,Hands down this is one of the best RTS games out there!
,Recommended,222750,10887313,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mugabuga,It's like Age of Empires but without the mindnumbing base building.
76561198045251146,Recommended,222750,12229425,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Krashlia,"A game that starts quickly, plays smoothly and looks stunning doing it."
,Recommended,222750,12429296,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,This name is too long for chat,Great Game
76561198016738775,Recommended,222750,12239280,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,BROVESKE,"Extremely well put together game, not to many glitches or bugs, and an AMAZING erray of units to choose from.  Much more dynamic display when crafting dects than European Escalation and this game will deffinaely put the strategic side of your gaming to the test."
76561198024198194,Recommended,222750,12487448,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,UFO Reality,"Nice looking game but annoying controls and camera views. Very frustrating on single player as the computer is too hard to beat.  Definitely not developed for solo play as the AI is cheating. Seems like the programming is not thorough enough  to make it fair for human player in a fog of war aspect, as the AI knows where all your units are and  can deploy counter measures way too quickly. Recon unit stealth is a joke.  Multiplayer is fun if you can find gamers online. Realism is average. Only buy this game on sale to get most value."
,Recommended,222750,12497546,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,e.m7273,"I love this game, as far as RTS games go this is the best that I have seen and it sets the bar far above the rest. With that being said I will no longer be playing it as there is a glitch where my screen keeps scrolling all the way in and when I pan out it quickly falls back to ground level and then pans across the map. Anyone that plays this game pretty much knows that in order to be effective at controlling the units you need to spend a majority of your time a great distance above the action in order to have a real understanding of what is happening on the field of battle. I am truly disappointed and will be checking for a fix or a refund. Do not let this stop you from getting the game though as talking to others in the in game chat this problem is seems to be unique to me as far as I can tell but it makes the game frustrating to the point of unplayability."
76561197994285056,Recommended,222750,7858789,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Xcelerate,"Gameplay 8/10+FeaturesThe ability to use your environment is this games biggest asset. Things like setting up an anti tank team in some trees by the road to pick off unsuspecting convoys will never get old. All though the line of sight/stealth can feel a bit wonky and is hard for newer players to grasp once you get a hang of it the game will change radically. This is just a portion of some very unique aspects of this game.All cool features and ideas aside the actual important thing to consider is whether the game is fun. Which the answer to is well, maybe.-For rookiesIf you're new to real time strategy and along with it concepts of resource management, unit trading and tactical basics like flanking and amusing then you will most likely hate this game as even the first campaign will prove to be impossibly hard and with a tutorial that looks like breakfast thrown together by some guy late to work, the game won't hold your hand through an incredibly steep learning curve.+For veteran RTS playersFor those of you who just happen to know that the best place to hit a tank is the rear and top or that ctrl+1 - 0 is micros best friend the plethora of realistic features this game has to offer is a breath of fresh air and the simple fact that things like flanking, cover, and ammunition bring a level of depth to the game that makes playing the game feel like commanding a real army in a real battle.Graphics 5/10-The huge amount of units in this game may seem like a ""the more the merrier"" situation, but the individual design of some(infantry in particular) units is downright pitiful for a game released in 2013. This is to be expected with over 750 different units in the game.+ The environment and effects are pretty good, but nothing groundbreaking.All together the graphics get the job done.Audio 7/10Music gives you something to listen to at the title screen, but isn't the next Beethoven 7th.+Sound for in game effects is pretty good and makes dropping a 1000kg bomb sound devastating.Communication 2/10-In a game where cooperating with your team can drastically change the outcome of a battle I would expect a much more flushed out comms system. All they give you is the standard pop-up chat and pinging and to be honest in the midst of an intense fight there isn't much time to type out something like ""some one hit that group of T80A's by the building with arty!"" Honestly the lack of good in game VoIP is only from 2 options lazyness or incompetence. Either option is a huge problem in my book.-Lobby chat again as bare bones as it gets though the community does have a lot of useful information in there just about all the time.Final score 6.5/10 With enough time invested this game can become very fun to play, but not everyone wants to sink in over 50 hours just to become decent enough to not get destroyed in multiplayer and with a terrible tutorial to boot new players don't have much other choice.A buy for RTS enthusiastAn avoid for casuals and RTS rookies(something simpler like starcraft or even sins of a solar empire would be a better introduction to the genre)."
,Recommended,222750,472381,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,AlpineTsar,This is the most fun and addictive RTS game I've ever played versus online players.
76561198009076224,Recommended,222750,7862217,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,General_Armchair,"I wholeheartedly recommend this game. Before discovering the Wargame franchise I wasn't much into strategy games. WALB changed it, profoundly. I almost only play this game. Very very good and plentyful of variety."
,Recommended,222750,7862678,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Lendosan |C|,"Awesome game.  Combines deck building with an RTS title, based around realistic units with realistic stats.  Highly recommend for anyone who enjoys RTS."
76561198031337065,Recommended,222750,4051458,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,BaGiRa,"Wer R.U.S.E oder den vorgänger mochte und nun etwas realistiches mit bombasticher Grafik, Anspruch und besonders viel taktik möchte hat es hier gefunden. Man sollte es wenigstens mal gesehen haben.Ich kann nur sagen es lohnt sich auf jeden fall mehr als jeder schlecht oder gut kopierte Ego-shooter!!!"
76561197979604060,Recommended,222750,827804,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,marloc,"tactics, tactics everywhere..."
76561198018676722,Recommended,222750,7976627,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Chairman Meow,best rts ever
,Recommended,222750,7976865,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MVangelakos,In-depth cold war RTS very complicated. Lots of micromanaging
76561198027548299,Recommended,222750,7859885,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Charlie Chaser,"If you enjoy watching battalions of your units get mowed down by artillery, this game is probably for you. (It's actually a wonderful game.)"
,Recommended,222750,7979128,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Count Niklaus von Pressburg,"Its decent,its dissapointing the game was shelled out for multiplayer,its single player campaign is 3/10 at best. Online play is fun, but i have to question making a strategy game MOSTLY for multiplayer.All in all it runs beautifully, performance is amazing for a game with hundreds of units duking it out."
76561198050770837,Recommended,222750,7980626,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,MrPeadBody,This game is not for easy going players it needs hard going and team work in order to win a game in multiplayerOverall i really enjoy this game alot.
76561197988188501,Recommended,222750,7421931,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Taleric,Like an updated sudden strike!  Online games can be pretty tough but fair.  Feel like I am RTSed out for a day after just a quick game.
,Recommended,222750,7981936,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Radwan,5+++
,Recommended,222750,7795669,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Cass,"Good modern strategy game taking place on 'cold war gone hot', multplayer is lively (27/11/2013), gameplay is nice, single and coop campaigns and skirmish with AI (wich is pretty good) and players, graphics are beautifull. There's also the armory, it lets you drool all over the game's units.Gameplay wise, you have command zones trough the map that you capture using command vehicles and they may unlock reinforcement/air corridors from where units come from. At the start you place units with your limited ammount of points and go capture sectors, as they provide you with income, killing an enemy unit also gives you its cost in points.Units have ammo, fuel and health, you recharge every one of these using supply vehicles, so its important to setup a supply line to the front lines.Deck creation allows you to greatly customize your army, as there are over 750 units, wich is awesome. Air units greatly enhance the game requiring you to make tactical decisions regarding your army, with several aircraft fitting different roles.Best of all, maps are quite big, with lots of land that aren't occupied by zones, flanking becomes a reliable and important strategy as most people tend to focus solely on the zones and leave other areas exposed."
76561197960757821,Recommended,222750,8031778,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jay [MURICA],there is some very biased view on some of the nations in this game and the supply system is really strange at times but other than that this is a good game when it is on sale ;)
76561198064250866,Recommended,222750,8031904,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Rhiak411,"Fantastic, tactical gameplay, organization and forward planning, and reading people....this game is great fun."
76561198071408497,Recommended,222750,8035020,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Sgtsanta06,A good game if you are good at strategy games.
,Recommended,222750,8035221,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Trodamus,"Did you ever wish you had no idea what to do with dozens of faithfully rendered and represented tanks, planes, choppers and other vehicles you didn't know had different categories than ""tank""? Then this game is awesome for you! Also, graphics are great."
76561198045240313,Recommended,222750,8035625,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caesar,OH yeah
,Recommended,222750,8037287,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Spazz6768 [SGT Sodomy],This game is amzing.  It made super realism fun.
,Recommended,222750,8038320,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Husky,"Were you a fan of World in Conflict? Do you want a modern RTS game that isn't cartoony? If you said yes then Airland Battle should be in your games library. The game does a have a single player campaign that is a good time killer but it's clear that the devs want you to play multiplayer 95 percent of the time. If you've played games with server lists then you'll be at home here, but if your new to PC gaming then you may get a confused at first glance.Game play really is pretty standard, there are many conttrol zones on the maps that will provide you points that fluctuate based on how many zones that you control. These points let you buy units but they will have to roll onto the map from your first given control zone. This is where Airland battle differentiates itself from other RTS games as every unit requires Fuel and Ammo. You have a limited amount of supplies available to you so you'll need to really think about how your going to position your forces so they're incover but also can have a consistent train of resupply. Different units will need more supply than others, the Surface to air missle batteries inparticular may only carry 4 missiles at a time, and if they shoot them they are gone until they can be resupplied.All of this is made interesting as you are able to fully build out your own army list's. Everything from command units all the way up to Aircraft can be customised. But this can also lead to disasters if your not careful. Sure an all out helicopter assault sounds awesome and looks cool, but if the other team has planes and/ or AA and you don't then all those helio's are just point farms for the other team. Similarly the M1A1 Abrams is a really powerful tank but without support from other tanks and Infantry it will be knocked out quickly. Finding the right balance for what you want to do will probably involve some trail and error. But the game does come will some base lists for you to play should you want to for go that process.Despite it's hardcore nature the game is scratching the modern RTS itch that i've been feeling. While the learning curve can be steep there just isn't anything like lining up a formation of 15 Abrams tanks suported by Bradleys and seeing your thunder run crush some russians. Company of Heros nails home story in the genera but Airland Battle nails home the scale of what may have been world war three. If large scale modern strategy is what you want then you shouldn't this up."
,Recommended,222750,8015072,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Branflakes,Best RTS game in a long time. 10/10 would recommend. Has a learning curve similar to Dwarf Fortress.
,Recommended,222750,7353430,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Crymson (Nerouin),"Perhaps the best RTS I have ever played, Airland Battle combines realistic gameplay, a host of units, and an experience of great tactical depth. Too, the game is endered beautifully and in tremendous detail. More, the developer regularly releases balancing patches based on community feedback, and continues to release free(!!!) DLC.Highly recommended!Note: despite the deep intricacy of this game, it does not require a notably powerful computer. I play it on a five-year-old gaming computer, and though I cannot reasonably run the game on its highest graphical settings, the visuals come out gorgeous nonetheless."
76561198001305930,Recommended,222750,2037912,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,pro-killer,"Со времен оригинала война (в игре) изменилась. Вопрос, захотите ли Вы менятся вслед за ней? Авиация, по-моему, слишком читерская, танки ушли в небытие, а двигать солдатиков интереснее в шахматах. Кампании(5 шт.), по сравнению с оригиналом-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о, хоть они и нелинейны, сюжета нет. Я не рекомендую, купите лучше European Escalation, кидайте приглашение и пойдем заводить Т-72."
,Recommended,222750,8044571,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Rambo,BEST COLD WAR STRATEGY GAME EVER
76561198054531455,Recommended,222750,8021900,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Assad_xD,df
,Recommended,222750,7589591,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Dapper Prinny,"If strategy is something that you like, and you prefer a more realistic approach to it. Then I highly suggest this game. The unit types, and terrain make each scenario an interesting challenge. It's definately worth playing, and it's definately a fun game. Allowing players to create their own custom army means that online matches become extremely interesting."
,Recommended,222750,8023449,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,SUMB44,Excellent realtime tabletop wargaming.
76561198012334594,Recommended,222750,8025630,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Birch Tree,legit. amazing graphics absurd gameplay. if you like rts games this is  must have! my review 9.5/10
76561197966471514,Recommended,222750,8027247,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Maj_Cyric,The Best sandbox War Game out there (Men of War Assualt Squad is 2nd) in my book
76561198006697064,Recommended,222750,8027356,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,travelbug,"best modern tactical game out there. not necessarily an rts and if you play it like one, you will lose. the closest thing you will ever get to a batallion simulator. real world tactics apply.easy to pick up, difficult to master, and beautiful to look at. any fan of strategy/tactical warefare should not let this pass. you want to play an intelligent wargame, buy this.9.0/10.0"
76561197982931652,Recommended,222750,7997562,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mobilesinper,SO much FUN!
,Recommended,222750,7998715,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,RB79BALL,A game require thinking instead of rapid tapping for a high DPS. Only play it if you believe you are intelligient enough.
,Recommended,222750,7667396,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Occam's Chainsaw,This is probaly one of the best rts out there. I love the ww3 feel of it
76561198021325546,Recommended,222750,9354556,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Hydra25NL,Excellent strategy game fun multiplayer
76561198089965002,Recommended,222750,9357510,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Taylor Swift,This is a Great RTS Game One of my favorite games on the market and when i get into this game i cant stop playing But in some multiplatyer matches there is some BIG lag but you have to expect something like that when you have a HUGE game like this 9/10
76561198057004192,Recommended,222750,9358517,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,IAMABANANA4,an indepth rts with enough to keep you entertained for days
76561198016899592,Recommended,222750,3067504,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,Stan - Plays with power glove™,Absoloutly Smashing
76561198117671074,Recommended,222750,10667607,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ModernClassics,"This game's a great game, I highly recommend getting it due to it's basic strategy point but highly competitive and stuffs.  Overall a really fun game, worth the money."
76561198027604536,Recommended,222750,3804795,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,kingjerry16,"If your a type of person who loves strategy games this game the game for you i have my graphics on medium and its great , there many type of ways to attack or defend , A  unbelivable amount of vehicles , cutomizable deck {classes} and action pack non stop fighting back n forth i think this is one of my favorite game rate:9/10"
76561198170405698,Recommended,222750,22284653,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,W O L F I E 🌑,"If your looking for most challegeing game to play with your self or with your friends i recommend this game. Three things you should know. 1 Understand the game as much as you can. Before playing this in multiplayer or solo.2 Try not to rush into the fight. Be smart play smart.3  Trying to be cool in this game will make you look like a dum@ss, helping a  teammate out and listing to what you're teammates have to say will lead you too nice win."
76561198035245455,Recommended,222750,22284114,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,Motherfucker,"don't buy this one anymore, everyone have moved on to Red Dragon"
76561198142937725,Recommended,222750,22142894,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,danyaladnan.1,"For those looking for a realistic war-game, look no further. However, I personally find Wargame: Red Dragon better because it also includes Naval forces."
,Not Recommended,222750,19208329,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,alexbali25,"Extreme lack of players, might as well be a ghost game"
76561198091672020,Recommended,222750,8563191,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Wilm,"If you are in to war machines and RTS... this game is for you. I cant stop playing. Nothing beats hearing the gun on an a-10 as is strafes a group of enemy tanks right infront of friendly infantry. Very technical game. Strategy is everything, as well as picking good units. I feel the campange mode is not much fun.Great multi player. Any way, Love Wargame Airland Battle."
76561198304573064,Recommended,222750,25299542,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Black Friday 222,"AMAZING graphics. Really cool ow yo can focus on one paticular tank, squad, helicopter, all in a large scale battle. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,222750,7326651,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Greyhound,good game
,Recommended,222750,8996301,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,DankBongRIPP3R,I love strategic games all from the beginning just epic only for the good ones :D
76561197987069628,Recommended,222750,30484775,Posted: 12 March,all,BJ,Make the cold war great again
76561198005851839,Recommended,222750,10553360,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,legendarymass,very much a hardcore simulation rts.
76561198098481916,Recommended,222750,19867915,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,siusang001,"One of the Best RTS strategic Game I ever played.PROs-Amount of Army: Different Country differnet UnitsIf you are Military fans, it will make you crazy.for example, What are the difference among T62, T62M and T62MV-1-Deep detailed: Weaspon range, armour, Fuel Spend Unit, Moral: You much know every Units in your hand, What they use for?when you have played the Game, you will more understand the war run,e.g You will not build amount of heavy tank or Mi24 in your Army or your supply will   not afford.-Deep Tactic: how to use Infantry with Smoke, air support & Chopper support to avoid the casualty.someone set 176 Page handbook in Steam as below but it is basic.-Supply Mechanism: Seldom wargames set supply Mechanism, it is appreciate and simply,it become your essential part when you command your part & affect your Army Speed.More important Lack of Supply = SuicideThe redefine what the RTS wargame is-AI quite challengeCons- Steep Learning Curve and cut Key (must learn)- Music is repete176 page handbookhttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=153388204"
,Recommended,222750,25007183,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,TheRammstein,"This game will take time to learn its pros and cons, but for rts well done. I absolutely love it, and still play it. Anyone who would like to join me is welcome send a msg"
,Recommended,222750,24768481,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,✰VLRP✰ Vundult,"A very underated yet satifying game to play that desires more credit, it requires actually strategy rather than spamming a load of infantry as you'll need to make use of support,recon,planes,tanks,AA,AT and much more. So if your the sort that likes to sit back and watch the fireworks and screaming soldiers I don't recommend this for you at full price, although if your interested in strategy and competition then this game is certainly for you!"
,Recommended,222750,24850931,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,THEREALkcoope3237,Spent 20+ hours in the armory alone...20+ hours = my whole play time...10/10 would stare at virtual models again
,Recommended,222750,25006955,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Mr.,"My personal favorite since this is the first entry into the Wargame series. W:AB has an interesting campaign and expanded unit and nation roster. This time the units aren't locked so decks can be created freely right off the bat, with a big focus on multiplayer, Airland Battle is perfect when you have a friend or two to play occasionally against the AI or FFA. The difference between Red Dragon and Airland Battle is the fact that Red Dragon includes many maps and units that are suited to be amphibious which adds a whole new dynamic to battles. Airland Battle arguably is a intermediate place for new comers to start, but it is recommended that you start from Escalation where the pacing is much slower and the control scheme is thoroughly taught. Airland Battle is recommended for players who has had experience with either Red Dragon or Escalation."
76561198022935341,Recommended,222750,3449308,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,terror51247,excellent game better than we ee
,Recommended,222750,2367268,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Novawing24,European Escalation was incredible........This.... defies description.Get. It. Now
76561198156616922,Recommended,222750,25913557,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Arjent3,"I never figured this game out and its unlikely i ever will, i didn't really know what was going on and i don't really want to bother learning how to play it properly; from what I experienced blindly the game plays and runs well so thats enough for me. Additionally, most of my 10 hours are afk (8 of them) as i forgot to close the game..."
,Recommended,222750,13401984,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Bush_Wookie,"Not recommended for below average PC's, very CPU heavy"
,Recommended,222750,13809128,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,DEAGLE SPAMMER,I loose every game.
,Recommended,222750,13626757,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Holo The Wise,"Tried to bomb the enemy, bombed an allied A-10. 10/10"
,Recommended,222750,13629284,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Kluger01,"I`ll be honest, this game is quite confusing at first if you`re not used to playing RTS games that involved controlling sectors etc. I`ve played Emergency 4, Command and conquer and other sorts of RTS games. Defs top 5 in my RTS games list however, its just confusing at first, heaps fun though once you get used to the setting and environment. Although it gets boring at times, i would recommend this game to anyone simply because once you get used to the environment its heaps fun!"
,Recommended,222750,13629852,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,btrue,This is my new favorite strategy game. It is surprisingly complex and has good graphics.
,Recommended,222750,13569935,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Titenic,"This is not your typical RTS game, this one requires intelligence and heavy micromanagement to win the day. Each unit has its own strengths and weaknesses for most situations and combined arms tactics is a must. 8/10."
,Recommended,222750,73786,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Omnirock,"Strategy on a truly epic scale. Airland Battle features something like 800 different units spanning the NATO and Warsaw Pact nations during The Cold War.This game has quite a steep learning curve and can be quite unforgiving at times. However, it easily becoming one of my favorites. The attention to detail, the analysis of various stats and management of manpower give you a real sense of commanding an army.I could spend hours just going through the armoury staring at the units, going over the details to finely craft my fighting force. A great multiplayer experience with friends, endless strategies and stunning graphics round this out to one of my most recommended games as of late."
,Recommended,222750,14165298,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Catfish Homie,Its a great game good graphics but I warn you the campain ( I know I spelled that wrong) is mind bendingly hard
76561198106806668,Recommended,222750,15280088,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,TheRealMario,"If you want a game that is not too expensive but not boring try this, and GET IT!"
76561198035254028,Recommended,222750,15210630,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DasGreasySaucepanJa?,Enjoy the levelling system as well as the interface and game controls.  Consumes all of Friday nights for me nowadays.
76561198024847970,Recommended,222750,15210970,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Craeky Baeky,"The Wargame series may not be well known, but the game is probably one of my favorite and now even the newer one Wargame: Red Dragon has added more people and additions to the game. I definately recommend the game the learning curve isn't that steep, but if you are confused I would recommend Youtube."
,Recommended,222750,15149801,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Blitzkrieg_Gaming,"PROS:+Hundreds of faithfully recreated military units+Each of the many statistics is relevant+Believable, if somewhat plain visualsCONS:-Campaign is a wasted opportunity"
,Recommended,222750,15161174,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Callsign Nazran,"One of the best RTS games out there. If you love RTS and you love military then get this. Wargame will test your witts, focus and team-work."
,Recommended,222750,15117978,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Caio Alexandre,"An amazing game, but I will recommend the Red Dragoon, because it adds naval combat. This version is already stunning"
,Recommended,222750,5570034,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Popcorn Castro,Really Fun Game one of the best RTS Game's i ever play if you went a game that close to real War this is the game for you
76561197970760320,Recommended,222750,15333904,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Aircool,"I'm rubbish at multiplayer RTS's and 'click per minute' type games. However, the massive 10v10 games are awesome, and the good players easily plug the gaps that people like myself leave.Make no mistake though, there's a lot of depth to this game which you'll uncover over time.  I stopped playing when the Helo rush dominated the online game. Not sure if that's still going, but I feel like giving it a try again."
,Not Recommended,222750,14999547,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Kamikaze Velociraptor,"After playing EE and ALB, I can easily say Eugen system engine is broken. This is never addressed, and it seemed it never will be. When they released RUSE the AI had the same problems. This is lazy design, by the devs. Do not say they need to add cheats for the AI, because its possible to give an AI, a neural net. Some games already do this. Also realistically the USSR did have a lot of high end units. They were mainly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ T34-72. NATO reflects this with the usage of crappy tanks, but in mass. The people defending this game are often people who plays this way toooooooo much. Anyone outside the ""hardcore"" base, will see its a horribly designed game. Playing with humans is much easier, ironically. The AI just loves to zerg rush with unlimited resources. 1/10, stay away from Eugen system, until they hire a compentent software engineer in machine learning."
76561198127003657,Recommended,222750,15047993,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,AUU NU CHEEKI BREEKI,this game is VERY VERY good if you want to buy it and like RTS and you can buy it BUY it is very good11/10
,Recommended,222750,19421999,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Maj. Malfunction,"It's safe to say that this is one of the best RTS games ever made, along with Red Dragon and European Escalation.  ]Very complex but once you figure it out? Extremely fun and epic battles."
76561198170252745,Not Recommended,222750,19588034,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,TitanLack,"Although this game is pretty well made and extremely tactical. It lacks the players or rather the number of players actually playing this game is pretty small. Making it time consuming to be able to find matches. Id say its not worth it right now, about the time ive reviewed this."
,Recommended,222750,19244169,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Gas Master 1942,Great game has lots of units and aircraft
76561198058899859,Recommended,222750,18936067,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Rollonleviking,I have said about EE: Amazing RTS and addictive gameplay. Go for it and no more to say !Air land battle is a a level above ! Don't miss it !
,Recommended,222750,13906362,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Bhinecore,"Now, This game bring RTS to the next level, a game for serious RTS player, the gameplay is pretty amazing, the AI is really smart and hard to beat, the campaign? not really, it doesnt really have campaign because they dont give any stories about th campaign!  i never play Wargame: European Escalation, but i really need a story so can make the game more alive, the bad thing about the gameplay is that you really have to depends on RECON, doesnt really matter but sometimes can make you kinda frustated, the graphic is awesome especially the detail and what make this game a great RTS game is that they give you a chance to choose countries that probably no Modern RTS Developer ever put in their game. the armored units are pretty awesome, not the soldiers though. oh yeah and the AI? totally cheating with overpowered units.So, this game is amazing kinda hard to beat, pretty realistic, lack of stories, Great AI, Pretty intense and immersive and when you want to play multiplayer you need make another account :(  8.5/10!"
,Recommended,222750,20884751,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,epsilon9,"Surprisingly, the game is easier to get into as a complete noob than European Escalation. Plus this one also let you use planes. Fun campaign, great transition from European Escalation to Red Dragon, if you care about that."
76561198006869082,Recommended,222750,20863449,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Toecutter,"all the effort on the unit gfx is wasted once you relize you hardly ever zoom in close enuff to see any detail. its basically rock,paper,scisors. ..but i sooo love 1980s war tech."
,Recommended,222750,21447944,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cedjoe,Cool game just like the whole wargame franchise
,Recommended,222750,5833901,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,fdsdh1,10/10
,Recommended,222750,21875892,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,☭MRKRIEG⚔✠,listen people ♥♥♥♥♥ about the 20 minute campgin battle time limit but i assuer my♥♥♥♥♥was saved so many times by the 20 minutes and was defeated by the 20 minutes its just depends i throughly enjoy the campgin and will proceed to beat all the of it ye i love this series of games
76561198104514395,Recommended,222750,21880228,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,commander cool,"Holy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! i was expecting a lower tier version of wargame red dragon but i was suprised at how well made this was. For a game made a few years before red dragon, the game has a magnificant amount of units, loads of maps, and deck building, most of this cheaper then red dragon! the game has its own downsides though, graphically the game looks less realistic then red dragon, (excluding units), no naval battles (introduced in red dragon), slightly worse AI, a campaign that can easily bore people, and a lot less sunits then red dragon (and countries). Overall i reccomend this game!!"
76561198119310840,Recommended,222750,20644995,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,jeuxdu29,"I was searching for a game with potential, and when I finnally foun, it was called Airland Battle.great game reccomand it."
,Recommended,222750,8426332,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Omicron,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222750,8197419,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Tryrose,"Awesome game, though very hurtful for the unskilled players, lots of times when you are teamed up with a pro player they will give insults and all that if you arn't very good at the game. so might want to look into some help from a friend. But other then that it is a very good game! Im very picky on my games and what i like to pick, mostly war game. not so much strategy, but this game has hit it! for anyone who likes War, Action, and mabey hard thinking, this is the game for you!!  :)"
76561198073639004,Recommended,222750,21348524,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,end me,stronk russia
,Recommended,222750,21269305,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Short Sighted Halfling,"You can't spam, you can't magically increase the number of troops you have, and you can't peel the eyes off your micromanagement for a single ♥♥♥♥ING second.Punishes you for paying.What an awful game.990/10 Would realize spamming causes you to lose 5 hours into gameplay again."
,Recommended,222750,21591565,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,●DЯ. ЯΣΛPΣЯ MΛП™●,"Awsome, impressive, well made and very very fun to play."
76561198021268101,Recommended,222750,3350507,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Capn_Crochet_Hook,"If you like RTS's on the same wave length as World in Conflict - this is a good game for you. Takes place in 1985 era Cold war between Nato and Warsaw Pact - Good multiplayer, frequent updates."
,Recommended,222750,21601612,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,The_Watchman_,I am a military nerd and i love this game ok! So many tanks and weapons... Say hello to my little friend..'s!
,Recommended,222750,2686428,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Charkoteow,I SUCK BUT DIS GAME THE BEST GAME BRO NO JAPS ALL CAUCASIANS SLAUGHTER THEM ALL.
76561198165311385,Recommended,222750,18071888,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,thz99,"Well,really a good game.i am crazy about war,and this game is such a perfect one."
,Recommended,222750,20074726,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,๖ۣۜInnocent bear dont die,only con is the wait for the next wargame..
76561198055478321,Not Recommended,222750,19962027,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Tom,get gamecan't make an account 'login is invalid' absolutely no indication of what is invalidgetting a refund when steam servers arent rekt
76561198098273592,Recommended,222750,19800881,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Schlong The Dong,"Cheap and fun, but very unforgiving."
,Recommended,222750,19887800,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Standish - Rip,"When me, Aeteranus and Looney735 are on a phat tear, good luck saving yourself; we come with SEAD.Best strategy game EU, if you don't have it buy it."
76561198074103821,Recommended,222750,19848219,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,🅱️oswald 🅱️osley,"""Nice FOB ♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
76561198008145356,Recommended,222750,21543821,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Skeetr72,tank battle are epic!
76561198032689005,Recommended,222750,21547183,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,A777,.
,Recommended,222750,21165904,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Pancakes_Galore,"Awesome game, singleplayer or multiplayer. Multiplayer is fairly dead now, though."
76561198058246566,Recommended,222750,15110558,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,writerrhino,"I found Airland Battle to be a big improvement in realism and gameplay to European Escalation. The learning curve is still steep (expect to die like roadkill for the first several battles), but worth the spankings if you stick with it.Very realistic military RTS game, I recommend it."
,Recommended,222750,14773314,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,zac:(,best 10/10 great game mate
,Recommended,222750,14784775,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,osnapitznumnuts,I love it everything from gameplay to artwork to the voices of the units. its a great game for people with experiance of a RTS before however i belive with a bit of practice and whacking the tutorial a couple of times any player could become good
,Recommended,222750,14749396,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,DRealKreefthond,Just started playing. Im really impressed about this game. This is by far the best strategy RTS I ever played. The graphics and detail in this game are amazing.Stop reading reviews and check this out for yourself.
76561198011200168,Recommended,222750,14800681,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,PeterOhman,"Great game even though its dificult, will play untill perfection. Love Swedish outfit since Im ex Swe Inf."
76561198069924410,Recommended,222750,14701501,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,JoeInTheDark,"A really fun, realistic, modern era RTS. Good graphics and just a good game overall. Not much else to say about it really. If you like RTS and like war games or are a fan of the old Command and Conquer games, this game is pretty damn good."
,Not Recommended,222750,14686636,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Tailkin,"Excellent game completely ruined by ongoing bugs and crashes to desktop. At this point, is completely unplayable in campaign mode for more than a few missions."
76561198007366388,Not Recommended,222750,14679398,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,shanoobergloob,bought this on an impulse... fully aware of the steep learning curve! as a huge fan of strategic RTS..i just couldnt get into this game!
76561198007713309,Recommended,222750,14607996,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Legend Spears,This game is a fantastic strategy game and I highly recommend it. 9/10
76561198022527802,Recommended,222750,3427777,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,scorpio.1948,Great Game
,Recommended,222750,9355455,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,CloudUltimat,"For those who are looking for an RTS like Starcraft, C&C or AoE, this game probably isn't for you. While this game does keep pace like C&C or Starcraft, there is no building element outside of your FOB (Foward Operating Bas), the main goal is to push back either the NATO or the PACT forces. You can call in things such as infantry, armor, helos, jets, etc (No water vehicles yet). The replay value in this game is not in the SP, but in the MP portion, as you get to test your skills against others, and every battle is seemingly different.  This game holds up well graphically and can be run on a majority of computers. This game is not for the inexperienced as it is fast, and too many slip ups could cost you the game. This game is not for casuals! (Just kidding! Although the learning curb on this game can be pretty steep.) I highly recommend this to any serious RTS player who is looking for something new, or just something that is fast paced, this game is for you."
76561198077790717,Recommended,222750,14769988,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,NobleStar,"Good multiplayer, a win give a lot of satisfaction..."
76561198007252481,Recommended,222750,7530960,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,^3swemap75,Myyycket bra
,Recommended,222750,29503500,Posted: 26 January,all,SOYLENT GREEN,"I love this game and I wished I had found it sooner. The multiplayer is pretty dead. During mainline European hours there can be 100 or so players on but that's extreme. I've played a ton of COH all the MOW offerings and I still like this much better. I own Red Dragon and it's ok, but the gameplay is a bit skewed and it tends to favor certain types of strategies which I don't like. Overall recommended, if you like base building and upgrading g things you'll be disappointed."
76561198279406379,Recommended,222750,29491043,Posted: 25 January,all,The Rightful and Supreme Leader,Very good
,Recommended,222750,29448760,Posted: 23 January,all,BALALAIKA,nice
76561198047426548,Recommended,222750,16310688,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Estonia,"This game has made me shed tears of joy and pain at the same time10/10, would suffer emotional breakdown again"
76561198341445486,Recommended,222750,32377487,Posted: 12 June,all,fletcher,awsome game
76561198012077163,Recommended,222750,7348061,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Borg,;D
,Not Recommended,222750,14552539,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Spades Neil,"With such a sharp learning curve and very poor tutorial, not to mention a community that is cancer, this game is even more lacking than its predacessor. A shame because I was looking forward to having access to more aircraft.Aircraft, which are advertized as an integral part of the game, get swatted from the skies with ease from the most basic AAA fire. Forget about SAMs, AAA rapes aircraft just as good. Plus it seems like planes don't actually want to ever shoot what you order them to target.The game is not fun, nor was its predacessor. I will not be ordering the third game or anything else from this company.The single player isn't any fun either. The AI is some of the worst I have seen in an RTS. At least the first one had fun single player."
,Recommended,222750,32778411,Posted: 25 June,all,Mark,"Since the release of Wargame: Red Dragon, the multiplayer of Airland Battle is basically non-existant. This game does however have two features that might merit a purchase:- It has a coop campaign!- The scandinavian scenario, IMO the maps look much better than the Asian terrain in Red DragonI recommend getting the franchise pack with all three games when they are on sale."
76561198078140670,Recommended,222750,32907753,Posted: 27 June,all,ad20872,This is a really good game. The learning curve is extremely steep with over 100 hrs am still not very good. But 10/10 would recommend if you like rts
76561198044398508,Recommended,222750,32520444,Posted: 17 June,all,Xulomander {CAT},"A fun game, though it's the worst click-happy RTS that I have played since StarCraft. In that sense it can get anoying."
76561197987185769,Recommended,222750,29115649,Posted: 8 January,all,Logan,"If you're looking for an exciting RTS for a low price, this is your game. It's all about slow strategy, rushing doesn't pay off."
,Recommended,222750,29042350,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,All I can say is amazing! So intense and the graphics are beautitful.
76561197995518140,Recommended,222750,29080913,Posted: 6 January,all,steele,"I love this game.The airforces introduced in this game compared to W:EE made this game so exciting and the zooming your airforces around was so cool.get it on sale, :)"
76561197984266054,Recommended,222750,29054308,Posted: 6 January,all,Tronword Furey,If you like realisitic RTS games. This is for you. I think I might've won a single battle on-line. The Community is really awesome and lots of guides will help you put together your wardeck.
,Recommended,222750,29152099,Posted: 9 January,all,TheServant,"Overall, this is a great game. While I enjoyed Waregame: European Escalation, there is an extra level of strategy in picking your battles on the ""world"" map. I did find the game a little short, the ""world"" was limited to a small geographic location, and the maps were somewhat repetitive. While these issues reduce the single player replayability, it kept me engaged and thinking about it even while not playing; so definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,222750,28922339,Posted: 1 January,all,Mouldy's Legion,"ALB, like European Escalation, is a first rate real time strategy. For RTS fans, this is an absolute must have."
,Recommended,222750,6290703,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Kancer,"10v10 multiplayer RTS. Tanks, bombs, artillery, napalm, dead babies, beheadings and more!! lol"
76561198060277693,Recommended,222750,7587973,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Shadow Wolve,A solid game of wits and tactics very similler to ruse. but a very good strategy game. a must buy!
76561197970765804,Recommended,222750,458373,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Hartbrot,"Very good RTS focussing on unit combination and unit placement. Theres very little micro needed, so its more of a relaxed  RTS game. Over 800 units to choose from. Very good multiplayer up to 10vs10"
,Recommended,222750,29511931,Posted: 26 January,all,Aenon,"Wow, many game mechanics have been improved immensely, finally this game is great fun! Well done! I also think I finallly understand what the designers tried to achieve with EE. +1 FanGreat:- Air support...so good!- detailled unit stats- a tutorial..yayy- many new units- country battle groups- skirmish mode is much better!Still improvable:- still don't really like the buy menu- no way to pause+give orders- no adjustbale game speed- fuzzy unit placement- no unit stance (though it can be achieved via halting weapons)- no display of line of sight and firing zones- very few skirmish maps"
,Recommended,222750,7620989,"Posted: 10 November, 2013",all,[LLJK]Ragnarokz,"Excellent game, if you like to really go ♥♥♥♥ing nuts over details."
,Recommended,222750,3534764,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,thatFUBARguy,Cold War in a fun-sized bundle
,Recommended,222750,1028521,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,PapaOscar,"This is the RTS of the year. You don't need to be a super actions-per-minute gamer with trained reactions to play this well. You just need to be smart and plan your strategies out. Attention to detail is amazing, and the 1:1 scale just makes battles all the better. A+!"
76561198083006056,Recommended,222750,34802463,Posted: 7 September,all,Swipers Snipah,"has a dead community, AI are OP, and the game is still awesome"
