user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,222880,8409902,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Haxavier,"Insurgency is a strange animal - a blend of various ideas characterized by other games like Counter-Strike, Red Orchestra, and the cult classic Firearms mod - that manages to do a very good job at providing a tactical, hardcore shooter experience.On paper, Insurgency seems very normal - two teams, the classic push/conquest/objective style game types, and guns. However, that's pretty much all Insurgency has in common with its modern military shooter bretheren. Insurgency is mechanically a very different beast. Let's start with spawns - instead of having reinforcement pools like Battlefield or Red Orchestra, Insurgency uses spawn waves to regulate gameplay flow. It sounds weird, sure, but it works extremely well in practice.Let's take a basic game mode, Skirmish. Five objective points, conquest style. Each team's closest points to defend are objectives that can be destroyed, which removes them from the map and tightens up the cap order. Each team starts with 2 spawn waves. These spawn waves kick in every 60 seconds or so. Anyone alive by then stays alive, anyone dead by the end of this timer comes back. Every time an objective is captured, another spawn wave is added to the capping team. This means that players are not only incentivized to do objectives in order to extend their own playtime, but it also increases the team's overall effectiveness. It also means that rounds can take a while or be over extremely quickly depending on the degree of teamwork and individual player ability to stay alive.The other thing that this game does very well mechanically is its gunfights. In other tactical realism games like Red Orchestra or ARMA, an average engagement is a sniper fest - whoever sees 'em first ends it pretty much instantly. Now don't get me wrong, Insurgency has its share of ingloriously quick deaths and sniping corridors, but an average medium-range gunbattle can often devolve into a stand-up fight involving suppression, repositioning, and grenades, much like a real fight. Part of this is enabled by the fantastic sound design and particle effects - guns are spectacularly loud, a blinding amount of smoke and dust gets kicked up from fully automatic fire, and suppression effects seriously mess with a player's accuracy. Ducking away from a window to have a burst of automatic fire rip up where you were just seconds ago is quite unnerving. Insurgency also seems to be one of the few games that really understands that shooting a real firearm often results in a sort of almost-blindness from the muzzle blast and recoil, which makes attempting to shoot enemies less of a ""line-up-and-click"" moment and more of ""frantically fire in their general direction and hope they don't shoot back"". tl;dr: the guns feel realistic and meaty, and getting shot at is freaky.With that said, however, I must be clear with you - Insurgency is NOT a game attempting infantry combat simulation like ARMA or Red Orchestra. The accuracy and damage dealt by the game's large selection of weapons is on par with those kinds of games, but this is also a game tuned for balance and fun. There isn't any superflous mechanics like changing the zeroing on your ironsights or wounding (like RO2 does), but it does make thematic concessions, like fully animated fire selector switches. The inventory and loadout system also emphasizes that it's still very much a game . The end of rounds gives your team Supply Points, which you can then use to build your character's weapons kit. You can equip armor to hopefully increase your survivability by a shot or two, attach a 4x scope to your SKS to plink at range with it, or shunt your points into a slow-handling rocket launcher, which is good for objectives and heavy suppression. There is  no grindy metagame progression system like Call of Duty. It's just the loadout and inventory - all based on your team's performance in and out of rounds. Kind of like Counter-Strike!As someone who cut their teeth on games like Red Orchestra, I can say this about Insurgency: it is NOT the most hardcore, realistic shooter I've played, but it is most definitely the most FUN I've had with a realistic team-based shooter! For an early access game, they have a very good product released as of this date (12/29/13). I haven't had a single crash yet, it looks amazing, and runs like a dream! They also have quite a selection of maps and well-balanced gameplay to top it all off. If what I've said sounds good at all to you, go on and get this game, even if it isn't on sale. It's worth it."
,Recommended,222880,32285359,Posted: 9 June,all,SherryDragonair,"Best tactical FPS game on the market.its a dream come true!PROS:-Tactical gameplay-No Micro-Transactions-No Chests/other♥♥♥♥♥♥-No Dlc-No Hackers-No Spawn Traps-Friendly Community-Lots Of Depth-Value For Money-Totally Fine Single Player Content-Hardcore Gameplay-large Fields with Large Scale Battles-Fine weapon Customization-Balanced GameplayCONS:-Low Population Sometimes-Not Rewarding For Casual Gamers-Few Classic Gameplay Modes not Presentin short this is probably one of the best fps games you could play, and i am glad i got it when it is at its very best."
76561198084232049,Recommended,222880,12713042,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,LICK_THE_BUTTER,"I decided to hold off on writing a review until there were a few more updates and for me to have at least 500+ hours invested into the game. I am going to keep this straight up what i think about it as a whole with no fluff. Short and sweet.Should you get it? It depends on what type of fps's you like. Many CS players have fell in love with it because they like the realism and they've grown tired of the arcade feel that most other shooters have. Don't doubt it for a second, this game is hard to pick up on but once you do, you realize how well reflexes really help if you're rushing but don't expect to be 360 no-scoping people because there is almost no chance in hell that that will happen. Those with good aim that are looking down sight as you turn a corner will get you every time so this is a game best played instinctively and safe (just don't be one of those snipers that sit at spawn and let the enemy capture everything). There are few grenade, C4, or launcher spots that few people know of and use at the start of some maps which can be frustrating, so that is why I'm really hoping that much larger maps will be released in the future that are more open and don't feel as constrained/guided (Heights and Buhriz are like that but i still love them). Maps that were easy to spawn camp have been updated heavily to prevent that which is great. The devs are absolutely brilliant at balancing and opening new areas of maps, always on top of it so kudos to them.Community engagement is stronger than i've ever seen it, there was a public playtest of player submitted maps that were voted on in hopes of them being added to the game and the rise of The Digital Gaming League is starting their first official Insurgency competitive season with a multitude of teams signed up.The Nightfall update just added so much more to the game, it feels totally different than it used to in every good way possible. Noises are made when crossing though brush and leaning, leaning mechanic feels more 'stiff' (meaning not fluidly unnatural), the night vision is spot on and well-balanced, flares look awesome in the night sky, but my only complaint is that the running animations with weapons look kinda wonky now, i preffered it the way it was before but i won't nit-pick things for the sake of the length of this review. Also the new co-op survival is an amazing idea, i could see myself spending hours on that alone with friends.I could write a list of 10,000 reasons to get this game but none of that could possibly describe the feeling that it would give you if you were playing it yourself. It needs to be experienced, the feelings it gives never dies and that in itself says something. Kills are rewarding, objectives are highly valued, teamwork is vital. You need this game in your life if you are looking for a realistic shooter!*12/20/14 edited formatting*NEW UPDATE! 5/3/161,290 hours logged, i just can't seem to get enough. New maps, improvements, feautures, etc. OH and a new Insurgency game is coming out soon hell yea! Community is growing steadily, a lot more Pick Up Games (PUG's) than there used to be when i wrote this review for those interested in competitive. My only wish is for ranked competitive matchmaking to exist instead of the typical unranked. The future of Insurgency is looking very healthy!"
,Recommended,222880,15264901,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Sharpshot Sid,"300 hours in and haven't written a review? Well, guess it's time for one.What do you get when you buy Insurgency?24 Maps across 10 different game modesA large and active community of playersThousands of workshop mods to customise your game to your likingRegular free updates that bring new maps, weapons, modes, etc.Possibility for competitive 5v5 playAn extremely based development team who actively partake in the community and listen to their fansHigh speed, high lethality close quarter combatCombined with realistic weapon handling, hipfire freeaim, minimalistic hud and lack of hit markers and hit indicators, you'll be in for a sweet white knuckle grip ride. And all at a moderate price of $15So what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,222880,14453592,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,LockeProposal,"Intense & Atmospheric // Attractive For Team-Players+ Agreeable balance in multiplayer+ The game's audio is superb and offers some of the better sound effects I've ever heard in a multiplayer FPS+ Weapon-kit customization is excellent, intuitive and well-rounded+ The game boasts a healthy variety of firearms, peripherals and equipment+ Movement feels largely fluid and realistic (save for some hit-detection issues when entering doorways, but to this, one quickly adapts)+ Menu interface is very minimalist and aesthetically pleasing+ Multiplayer places an overwhelming emphasis on vocal communication and team synergy; while this can be problematic in a new server, it makes for an incredibly rewarding experience when you insert yourself into a competent group of individuals+ Variety of entertaining game-modes (despite many large and glaring similarities between them, though this does not take much away from the game in my experience)+ Seemingly realistic hit-detection and bullet-spread+ There is no microtransaction or pay-to-win mechanic in this game, and the unforgiving gameplay makes the multiplayer entirely skill-dependent+ All weapons and equipment are, for all intents and purposes, 'unlocked' from the outset; weapon selection is based upon selected class and available weight distribution, which appears to be more lax as your account accrues experience+ Detail put into firearms is impressive+ Very, very high replayability+ Healthy, competitive player-base+ No HUD, which lends a feeling of maturity to the experience+ Night maps serve to give the existing map selection a greater measure of replayability, and add significantly to the level of challenge- Quite a few bugs and glitches; this includes a handful of CTDs- Environmental textures and visuals are lacking (though not drastically)- Learning curve is initially a bit steep, and may deter more casual gamers- In regard to night maps, night-vision is near mandatory (flashlights make you a prime target in a game that distinctly punishes such behavior), yet it sucks up a massive portion of your weight limit, severely hampering the usefulness of the rest of your kit; it seems to me that the weight of the item is unbalanced and punishes newer players to an inordinate degreeLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,222880,10417497,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Scarlet,"Insurgency is a refreshingly new intense multiplayer FPS.Expect no kill cam, no crosshairs, no radar, no medic or healing. No enemy damage notification. This is all hardcore realism of fun!Maps offer a good mix for long open lanes for snipers and confined areas for short range encounters.8 Game modes from Firefight, Search & Destroy, Skirmish, Strike, Push and so on. There are also Co-operative missions.Gun loadouts lets you choose various amount of classes before the game starts, from support, rifleman, sniper, assault, sharpshooter and so many more. While customising your build, each costs a amount of points, but your choices will also effect your weight, the more you carry the slower you move.It's still has a active server population of roughly 1500 people online who play it daily. And the developers have continued to add new content to the game.If you are into these tactical shooters, and you're also looking for a truly immersive combat experience, then this game could be for you. I've been enjoying playing for many hours now, so incredibly addictive and challenging. Highly recommended!"
76561198055149982,Recommended,222880,28164717,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ooooh,"this game is really weird...no crosshairno minimapno hit feedbackno red triangles above enemy headsno medipacksno killcamno colorfull weapon skinsno +100 popping up when kill someoneno matchmakingyou can't call a airstrike after a killstreakyou can't aim while crawlingyou can't bunny hopmoving sideways is much sloweryou don't need to go for the headshot, 2 chest shots with ak/ar are enough to killyou can kill your teammatesyou have to find a server in a server browserand so on... so what is this game?IT'S THE MOST REALISTIC AND INTENSE, BUT STILL FAST PACED AND VERY FUN TO PLAY, MP SHOOTER AVAILABLE.best 2$ i've ever spent on steam. can't await insurgency 2.//editthe gameplay is like battlefield3 infantry only hardcore but more realistic (see above + ammo left doesn't stack, every mag is separate. a rocketeer has only one rpg. roles have limited slots so 10 snipers in one team is not possible and so on... ).beside the source engine and the fact that you can be oneshoted and have to be very carefull, the gameplay has not much common with CS:GO.if you play cs:go because you think it's ""realistic"" (it's not:) and you don't really enjoy it - this game is for you.if you like bf3 infantry only but want more realism - this game is for you.if you want to cod akimbo p90 spray and pray run n gun - this game won't make you happyi hope this answers the questions about the gameplay..."
,Recommended,222880,8698050,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,P R Λ E,"*UPDATED* - I bought this in the sale for like £3 and I honestly feel like I've scammed the developer...Realistic atmosphereGreat gunsIncredible communitySniping is... just so much damn fun and it's one of the few games which actually gets the scope-zoom right!Imagine Counter-Strike, Battlefield and Red Orchestra all got together and had a baby10/10Update - After owning this game for about 2 and a half years now, I am truly astonished with how New World Interactive is treating this game. The game, even in Early Access (I think it was EA anyway, or could've been just a beta) was pretty damn good and yet they have never stopped improving it and trying to make it the best it can possibly be. Even now, they're starting to port the whole game over to Unreal Engine 4, add a campaign story and also add esports elements.. If I had the spare money, I would honestly buy the game again and gift it to a random friend who may want it just to show my gratitude to such an incredible development team who deserve every penny that they make. Bravo, NWI! It is just a shame the 'big boys' don't copy you.. (Ubisoft, EA etc). A truly incredible development team with an even better game! <3"
,Recommended,222880,23636769,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,xxxextendo,"For 15 dollars, I got:-24+ maps-Interesting gunplay mechanics-32+ weapons-Fun and balanced gun customization-Fantastic mod support-13+ gamemodes-Immersive and detailed gameplay mechanics-Arguably some of the best graphics you'll see on source engine-An awesome community (players and developers)-Free DLCFor 15 dollars, I didn't get:-Microtransactions-Season Passes-Half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""DLC""What I'm trying to say is, support the devs! Thank you New World Interactive!"
,Recommended,222880,24121103,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,SeaLard✪,"For $10 you get15+ guns15+ attachments30+ maps (Night, Day)C4's and IED'sFree workshop contentCustom GamemodesAnd much more--------------------------There are no HealthbarsNo RadarsNo Powerups, Perks, or KillstreaksNo indicators for killsNo flying or jetpacks nor wall  scaling/climbingNo Stamina BarNo ammo indicator on your hud, just your magazine count.It's only youYour GunYour Plate Carrier/Chest rigAnd your grenadesYou dont get killed in 10 shotsYou get killed in oneYou cant carry a LMG, an AK, A Shotgun, Heavy Armor, 2 grenades, and a RPG, because this game isn't your mainstream casual fpsWorth Every Penny"
,Recommended,222880,869341,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Comrade Suhov,"Red Orchestra: Modern Warfare.The gunplay is amazing: I never thought that such detailed recoil and bullet penetration are possible on Source.If that alone is not enough for you, here is why you should buy it:*Game is under active development. The version I bought in August and what I have at December are different. It feels like it's a sequel already: map design, ui, gameplay, sounds - everything evolved and changed in a positive way. And developers are not afraid of hotfixes. That's how you do an Early Access.*The sound. If you have good sound card and speakers/headphones setup, you'll hear one of the best gunshots sounds. At Least the best I ever heard. Yes, it's better than War Tapes settings for BF:BC2 or BF3. While it's not yet enabled for all maps, ones like District are just a joy to listen in 5.1.*The weapon handling is very well done. It feels like the real thing, it looks like the real thing, it kills. Like the real thing. Attachments are done right too. You don't consider them like an upgrades, they are to change weapon behavior in a special way. Most of the time I'm using the gun in plain ironsight mode because it fit my play style more.*Contains 5 different game modes for each map, like Skirmish from the original mod, all classic team deathmatch, Firefight (last team standing), VIP escort and everyone's favorite Push (aka Rush, aka attack-defense)."
,Recommended,222880,12233146,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,The Master Kief,This game is;10% Luck20% Skill15% Concentrated power of the will5% Pleasure50% PainAND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
,Recommended,222880,28331567,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,BOBOFE :dddDDDD,"A overall amazing game, has potential to compete with shooters like CS:GO, Battlefield and even Arma to some extent.Gun mechanics are finally a break from the ""you have 90 bullets in your ar-15 and they magically go in your mag when reloading"".Some quality-of-life and realism improvements/Things I'd like to see:-More guns-More character interaction (the character voice interaction is A1 in this game)-Surpression being more useful (making your screen a little bit blurry doesnt do that much. Especially support classes would benefit from this, as their main role is to lay down surpression fire over long distances. Maybe make it so if you get surpressed, you start to yell more, giving away your position, and maybe being more innacurate)-Maybe make it so, when you are being surpressed or in adrenaline rush, you reload faster or something?-When you aim down sights while standing for too long, your hands get tired and your sights/scopes start to sway (depending on gun weight. (This will help against rpg's maybe?)-Clips for Mosin?-More voice interaction-Make it so when you are in need to switch to your handgun/get a grenade you can drop your weapon instead of holsting it then slowly taking out your throwable/gun. Maybe we will see inclusion of shoulder gun belts?-More voice interaction pleaseOverall, I rate this game 8.9/10Also, props to /k/ for suggestionsEDIT:-Guns are noisy as ♥♥♥♥ in real life, especially LMG's, sniper rifles and shotguns indoors. If you keep spamming that LMB you will probably get some ear disease. Add earpro as a accessory. This will also make surpressors more useful (by the way, surpressors DON'T make the gun go ""phoosh"". They're still loud).-Make going prone faster, like plunching yourself on your belly, when getting fired at-Muzzle flashes are a big deal when shooting at night.EDIT 2:-Add a .357 revolver that you can load either .357 rounds or .38spc rounds (obviously, the 357rounds will do more damage but will kick a lot more, and the .38spc rounds will have much less recoil (due to the low power and gun weight) but will damage less, making it a good hit-and-run weapon maybe?-Maybe add so you can adjust grain ammount in bullets, maybe make a Hollow point +P abomination rifle that will one-shot unarmored opponents?"
,Recommended,222880,18634038,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,JacobyWitness,The Real Reason Why Insurgency Isn't as Popular as it Should Be*CSGO player plays insurgency**does spray pattern with the AK**complains that this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥*gets killed by a grenade**complains grenades are OP**gets knifed from the front**WTF KNIFES CANT DO THAT**gets one hit by a 1911**WTF PISTOLS CANT DO THAT**says where is the bomb at**gets teamkilled**complains the community is toxic and leaves**buys a $300 virtual knife*
,Recommended,222880,8786160,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Hex_Pallett[CHN],"You dash toward the corner, barely escaping a rain of bullets down the hallway, mowing down your teammates in front of you. You take a second to adjust your position, then quickly peek around the corner and unloaded a burst of AK rounds into that barely conceivable shadow of the enemy behind the counter in the dark room.You go flank alone, sneak into the next room and see three enemies' back facing you. You swore under your breath that you didn't spend a few points on a suppressor, take a deep breath to stop yourself from panicing out and shooting uncontrollably, then fire a short quick burst into each of their asses before they realize what's happening.As you charge toward the bomb site, you literally run into an enemy. Both of you freak out and started blind-fire, your gun start to shake as his bullests thunder by and your vision turns blurry from his muzzle blast, but you get lucky and managed to knock him down before he gets to it first.You're sure the sound of that shot came from above that giant rock in front of you. You kneel down, slowly and surely move up the gravel slope, trying to cover every angle in front of you without making any sound. As you climb to the top, you look around carefully and finally see that sniper bellying behind that bush, his giant boots betraying his position. You smirk, switch to your knife and sink the blade deeply into his exposed butt.=======Those are all real Insurgency moments I had during the beta. Long time Insurgency player since the original mod, and dare I say that Insurgency is the best infantry combat game out there. It's slightly arcady in the sense that you don't need to learn 25,000 key mappings to do things down to knee-jerking. It's realistic in the sense that your HUD is stripped down to minimal which means, one, you actually have to look hard to tell what you're shooting; two, your view is super clear for you to do so.Insurgency managed to explain the term ""firefight"" in the purest form. On smaller, Tactical game modes, you'll see players break into small groups or single out, followed by short gunfights breaking out across the map. On larger, Sustained game modes, it's common to see many players grouping up, taking points, pushing and holding for objectives while exchanging franantic automatic fire.Those adrenalin rushes. Oh, so good."
,Recommended,222880,17299006,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Vigerzz™,"InsurgencyScroll to bottom for a quick SummaryWhat is Insurgency?A tactical first person shooter that emphasis on communication and strategy.Made with the source engine this game may not look pretty but for the gameplay it really doesn't need to.The gameplay is not for the rambo's of the community, what I mean by saying that is you cannot rush in guns blazing, the hp in this game makes most deaths near to instant.  This makes the pace of alot more rythmic and steady, forcing you to check that corner , make sure the objectives are clear etc.This by no means makes your ability to aim  any less important, the game being focused on realism makes weapons with heavy recoil and bright muzzle flashes.There is no killing based objective mode in Insurgency, each mode is heavily objective based forcing you to work with your team to capture the objective, each team has a certain ammount of waves that determine the games length, so those more intent on fragging are still aiding the team.Unfortunately some game modes are fairly boring and some are completely unbalanced for certain sides.Co-opA really big feature of this game, up to 8 people per map can work your way through a series of modes that will test your skill and communication against bots that really do live up to the ""Brutal"" difficulty. There are no mistakesFailure when your whole team dies, you can respawn your team when an objective is captured, Coop is a really enjoyable addition, just as challenging and popular as multiplayer it will keep you on your toes constantly.The game is altogether alot of fun and for alot of people there is a good chance that this will become a regular pasttime of yours.Graphics - 4/10+ Really catches the atmosphere+ Workshop support can upgrade some aspects-Source engine really shows its age-Lots of textures are repeated-Not clear what objects have different levels of bullet penetrationGameplay - 7/10+Really fun teamwork based+You are forced to play the role you pick to a degree+Workshop can add alot of fun additions+ Maps are well made and most are well balanced+Leaderboards and Mvp Displays really give you a sense of achievement and encourage competition+Coop is really good+Night maps make for a nice change and add whole new elements to the game+Great sound and immersion+A different way to approach most situations-Some game modes sadly require blatant camping-Some game modes are very unbalanced-Some guns are wildly underpowered or overpowered-Workshop allows performance enhancing addons (Clearer sights , player models, etc )-Anti Cheat is lacking-Connection to steam servers can be dodgyOverall6/10Agree or disagree with something in the review?Comment please, all feedback is appreciatedHope this helps :)"
,Recommended,222880,15936645,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,yode?,"My friend told me this game looked like Call of Duty. I laughed. Then, I did what any reasonable person would do. Pulling out a claymore, I screamed ALLAHU AKBAR at the top of my lungs as I sacrificed myself for Allah and wiped his ignorant face off the planet.Actual review:I hated this game when I first got it. Looks like a fast paced shooter, right? I downloaded it, deciding that it would be something new, maybe similar to CS:GO. I enter my first game, and get a sniper. I'm a pretty good AWPer in CS:GO, so why not try sniping. I run out of spawn... hmm... this is weird. The running feels like I'm actually running, the movement is crisp... I was loving the game already! A smile crosses my face as I see someone all the way across the map: a target! Focused, I scoped in. I lined my crosshairs onto his head, and... WHAT THE FUUUUUUUU- My body collapses. I am dead. Who killed me? What just happened? I shake my head. This life will be different. I run outside, and, long story short, die. An hour later, I have killed 3 people, and died... around 50 times.What was I expecting? A fast-paced, 420 blaze it MLG game. What did I get? A slow-paced, gritty, realistic, EXTREMELY TEAMWORK-BASED tactical shooter that makes you think before every action. And to be honest, that's what made the game so much better for me. It's different, it's unique, and it's rewarding. Kills fill you with pride; you realize that you're actually DOING something. The other team doesn't have infinite respawns, so you just contributed to victory. This feeling of being a part of team and capturing points makes this game like no other.Buy this game, and play it with friends. Your first hour or two (or ten) will be brutal, and you will die constantly, but once you figure out what you're doing, this truly is amazing.I know most people aren't going to read the long text I have above, so below I have a pros/cons list... Because that's all people look for in reviews anyways...PROS:Very realisticTeamwork-orientedExtremely fun with friendsMods allow you to change your game UI/looks/musicSeriously, I have the ""Murica, F*** YEAH!"" music playing at the start of my rounds"" and my knife is just a spatulaRewardingUnique, different shooter experienceIndie devs that listen to their community, and even promote some of the moddersLots of updatesMany different maps and game modesVery polished for an Early AccessVery few hackersCONS:bullet drop not possible with Source Engine (not too important, but detracts from realism if they ever add maps large enough for this to matter)Very frustrating to get intoLike seriously... VERY frustratingI'm not joking... I still suck at the game, and I've spent quite a few hours in it...A lot of the game modes are similar ""take point"" objective modes that get repetitive""Competitive"" matchmaking needs LOTS of work; people leave randomly with no punishment, and games are reset without warning. Also, the use of voice chat is not promoted enough; in CSGO, people use voice chat because there is a clear objective that everyone strives for. In Insurgency competitive, people split up at round start to do their own thing, and there doesn't seem to be any sort of actual competitive gameplay happening. Part of this is lack of an actual objective. Sure, you're supposed to capture points, but that's a lot less defined and concrete than in CSGO, where you have to plant/diffuse the bomb. Lack of a clear, defined, INTERESTING objective makes people less inclined to care enough about the game to talk and strategize with each other.Game has a few bugs here and there, but is EA"
76561198153437153,Recommended,222880,34005271,Posted: 3 August,all,QuickSilver,CS:GO - $300 Knife SkinInsurgency - Workshop
76561198077223463,Recommended,222880,14692527,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,IZoooM1337,-Children play CoD-Boys play Battlfield-Men play Arma-Veterans play InsurgencyGet
,Recommended,222880,23741287,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RedRaven,"This game is basic.Or, rather, all about the basics.It's you.It's your gun.It's your team.It's the enemy.There are no health bars, no kill streaks, no indicator on how many enemies are down, or if you did or did not kill someone. It's simply about trying to best your opponent.As someone who leads a team of over 30 players into the field, lemme give you a piece of advice. Learn the maps. Knowing where your enemies are most likely to be expected will win, or loose the game for you. Coordinate with your team, this is one of the games where the VoIP feature is realoly an asset instead of a nuisance.  Sound is important - listen to the footsteps around you. Maybe one of the enemy team is distracted enough to call his teammates on the radio close to you, enabling you to hear their strategies. Find the balance between being aggressive, or waiting for an enemy's failure - One shot can and will often mean your death, but being too slow can mean inevitable defeat.If you're not that much into the PvP high pressure aspect, however, this game also features an extensive CoOp-mode with five (!) different modes and loads of servers out there.If you will, please trust someone who spent over 300 hours into INSURGENCY: This game, although extremely cheap, can rival every single triple-A title in terms of content, with the only disadvantage being the game's somewhat inferior graphics (Source Engine) and a lack of a real Ladder or Ranked-system.Just, don't expect to be instantly rewarded for kills like in CoD, in BF or even in CS:GO. Killing someone is fine. But at the end of the day, You Are A Team. And you will Win Or Fall as a team."
,Recommended,222880,29094114,Posted: 7 January,all,FxM. Ethan,"1. No bullet counts2. No health bar3. No health regeneration4. No 'walk faster when using melee' or 'reload faster when HP is below 10%' kind of stuff.5. Kill or get killed with only 1 to 4 bullets.6. Run and gun? You are dead for sure.7. Night map are absolutely black. Night vision goggle may come in handy, at a cost!Wow, sounds like this game is pretty hardcore, so how do I win a match?Answer: You can hear foot steps when someone is approaching, so grab your gun and ready to SHOOT!"
,Recommended,222880,8353931,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,nuh1,"Wow... just wow. I've been told this game is just a standalone upgrade of the Source Insurgency Mod and I'm very sad face that I missed that gem. Hands down the best infantry game(not too sim not too arcadey) I've ever seen / played. It still runs on the Source engine so you won't be see amazing graphics but the upside is that the source engine can run on a potato so you can still run 200+ fps with ease (in case you want to take advantage of the client speed being slightly faster with higher fps even though your monitor won't render past the 60/120 refresh rate).Interface wise, It's the closest thing to minimally immersive that I've seen in a shooter. You get the basic UI showing what points are capped, your fire mode on your weapon, and how many magazines you have left (It won't show you current ammo so you have to estimate how much you have fired from the current mag). The weapons you carry will appear in the fade-out box only when you switch weapons like usual. No minimap showing you where the enemies or your teammates are so you have to figure it out for yourself, be it the bullets flying by to clock your enemies position, or calling out through voip to make sure no friendly fire happens when you cross flanks. There is a label on your teammates to give you that little help in deciding who is friendly though if you pay attention (hopefully they will add a server option to disable this).The bullet count is even realistic, which so many other shooters try to simplify. The magazines left are just that, magazines. There is no magical extra pouch that you dump the unused rounds to somehow top off the last mag you have, so you have to decide if you want to top off or risk running out of rounds mid firefight, although for some reason you get an absurd amount of spare mags. The mags you replaced without being empty will actually go the bottom of your stash, then when you get to them you end up shooting like 2 rounds then having to switch mags again. Kind of annoying but kind of an awesome way to use up the unspent rounds when you are low on ammo.Now I'm not a fan of free-aim (where your gun isn't locked in place on the center of the screen) but it fits so perfectly in this kind of game. It isn't overly done like in RO2's full screen free-aim, there is a deadzone that will free-aim, then turn when you reach the edges. It will force you to ADS (also not a fan of in other games) if you need the accuracy, which also isn't ridiculously instant like in other action shooters(visual delay only); and the movement in ADS mode will actually sway instead of snap making OP drag shot a little less potent. The free-aim deadzone is pretty realistic, giving you realistic accuracy, and rewarding you for instinct shooting from high ready. There is also emphasis on crouching in front of teammates so you don't get shot in the back, prone to get better cover, or even feigh death behind cover (there is no kill confirmation). The realism really has a Red Orchestra feel to it but in a modern setting.The respawn system really makes you value your life because anyone who dies won't respawn until your team has captured a point or the next wave comes in sustained mode, which also encourages grouping up instead of just running, gunning, and dieing. So the gameplay may seem slow at first because of this but that all changes when you get into a fire-fight. From calling out where enemies are, to staying behind cover and watching bullets wiz past your head. You really feel like you are in the thick of it. The maps are extremely well made, there are multiple places you can fire from (lots of buildings with windows and cover) and encourage teamplay even more with a common tactic being team A advances while team B covers and suppress fire or throw smoke to rush. The maps can feel a bit asymmetrical but this is infantry realism, you are not always going to be on equal terms.Recommended that you have a mic on the ready because the VOIP is pretty crucial in communication. It's somewhat positional audio so it's easier to tell who is talking just by the direction of the voice; but beware, enemies can hear you too if you are too close to them, positional audio is just that. It will also help when flanking, calling it out so you don't get murdered by your own team when you come around a corner.Also, don't expect neglectful devs. The devs for this game are very involved and determined to make this game happen. I've even run into a few devs while playing and constantly responding to forum posts, so it's not like they are going to easily give up on a game they actually play."
,Recommended,222880,22788526,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rabini,"A real dose of action in this one.Great standalone version for one of the best Source Mods.Pros:- Astounding sound effects.- Nice combat, and gun mechanics.- Very optimized and well polished game with plenty of content.- Great variety of game modes and maps (including cooperative and versus).Cons:- Nothing that is worth mentioning.Notes:Best played with friends."
,Recommended,222880,16350657,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Jezza,"Sometimes people ask me, what is your most favourite realistic fps game of all time? Can you guess what I reply back with..Insurgency, that is all I say.. Insurgency.-Amazing audio (Especially with the realistic sound mod)-Plenty of mods in the workshop-Awesome community, always willing to help a newbie out.-Sweet, intense firefights-Satisfying to shoot RPGs.-Game doesn't assist you in any way, it's just you, you're gun and you're survival instincts.Game needs a bigger playerbase, so please.... do yourself a favour and buy this game."
76561198151549655,Recommended,222880,34711330,Posted: 3 September,all,FrankCastleIV(you know it's me),"One of the best shooters I've ever played, why? Cuz :1. No crosshairs2. Surprising realistic gun sounds3. MODS!!!( unlimited content potential)4.one shot dead even with armor(if playing against bots at brutal difficulty)5. Planning and allocating resources to maximize gear usage6. Sweet handguns ( needs a lil improvement on m45/m1911)7. Great with friends8. Although trolls exist ( I'm talking to all of you flash bangers) it's still has a friendly community"
,Recommended,222880,15136438,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,DBY014,My teammates couldn't stop yalling allahu akbar and playing Arabic songs when we won11/10 would Jihad again
,Recommended,222880,24781726,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Todd Howard,"Play this if you want a game that is not about getting aroused by a $12,000 dollar knife.Play this game if you want a game where 13 year olds dont f**k you mom verbally.Play this game if you want a game where you don't need to shoot someone 30 times to kill them."
,Recommended,222880,24831948,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Zarail,">Be me, playing Insurgency.>I decide to download Day of Infamy (the mod for Insurgency).>Join a game.>A while later I'm on the German team as a Machine Gunner.>Entire team is awesome. One of them is a sniper pro (Let's call him Swagger) who constantly dies by rockets (one of the rockets landed right next to me. I survived, he died and he was further away) and we had it as some sort of gag. We become good pals for the game.>Fast forward to near end of game.>It was a close match, but eventually Americans push us backwards so we have to protect our last point.>One by one, my team dies with no reinforcement waves left.>Swagger shot me with his pistol as a joke.>He gets penalized and dies. Poor Swagger.>We start hiding. Me, another soldier and a man named ""Major"" were left.>The other soldier dies.>Major plays sad music during the game.>He rushes out and dies.>He plays more cheerful music for me, as I'm the last guy left.>My team cheer me to run out and do my best.>I'm not filled with confidence, but I do it for my team and Swagger.>One enemy soldier and I face eachother.>We both fire eachother with pistols. I was pretty sure I was gonna lose. I thought he had more men with him.>I killed him.>""VICTORY"" is displayed in big letters.>I find out that he was the last one left.>Entire mic chat goes wild.>My team is happy.>I am happy.>I leave the game after saying my goodbyes to my team.>This game's battles were so intense that I got PTSD.>Writes this review.10/10 War is heck."
76561198085015346,Recommended,222880,23253959,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,kirie,"Pro:Games is stable,Update regular by the developer,Really fluid,Realistic,One of the only game where semi-automatic can work better than automatic,The feels when you kill 3 or more enemy with semi-automatic gun in succession,No health ragenCons:Realism can be stressing, nade and at4 can kill you easily"
,Recommended,222880,7881990,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Frodew,"An excellent hardcore game, I recommend it to anyone looking for a realistic and intense shooter. Working with your teammates is vital to your success and you have to approach your missions with caution. I recommend playing this game with a good pair of headphones, it makes the experience more rich and exciting."
,Recommended,222880,12736101,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Sandy,Counterstrike for men.
,Recommended,222880,5476473,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,S w e a t p a n t s,"Some people just haven't experienced FPS. Realism?.........Some people are wanting this nowadays. If you are one of those hardcore, patient, tactical and competitive FPS players, Insurgency can tide you over. I wouldn't believe it is quite as addicting as your typical shooter, but you will be more satisfied, I promise you. And this game would be one of my closest FPS titles to Realism. This game will punish you to an extent where waiting and peaking around a corner can be more satisfying then doing the same old stabby stabby in TF2. This game runs fine while also having decent graphics. The lack of UI....The fact that reloading isn't automatic.....The crazy recoil....The Slow Pace........All those make this game good, rather than bad. Of course though, when I write this, the game would have still been in Beta so many things are subject to change. I wonder why this game isn't as popular as it should be. Realism? This is the closest your gonna get.Edit: From the dramatic changes from Beta to release, the pace and overall game has become more mobile and more arcade-like, comparing to the experience in beta."
76561197962127066,Recommended,222880,10536281,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Pophead,Battlefield for adults.
76561198033023633,Recommended,222880,19575399,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,King Weasel,Me and my mate played so well ISIS tried to recruit us.
,Recommended,222880,18350145,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Some Polish-Hungarian Guy,"BASED ON A TRUE STORY ABOUT A BAND OF BROTHERS.""Don't worry, I got C4!""*places C4 on enemy cache*""Alright guys, get back, I'm blowing it!""*detonates C4**gets caught in the blast*""Oops.""*entire server dies laughing*C4/10, would Demolitions again ."
,Recommended,222880,12485813,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Indian Technician,"INSURGENCY!Insurgency is a FPS hardcore tactial shooter, there is no campaign - meaning that all the attention is on multiplayer.There are two teams that are pitted against each other, Sercurity Forces (US) and Insurgents (Middle - Eastern extremist).There are a multitude of very enjoyable maps, some take place in day and some in night - making the flashlight a viable option. The game does a many things very well, the game is extremely realilistic in the sense that; 1-2 shots will kill, (please be careful!). Your gun will also lock when jumping in the air, sorry no 360° noscopes. Footsteps are a very good indication of where enemies may reside, so you have to be very silent when moving. Some things that this game does not do well: Hit registration, it is actually horrible, and this subtracts from the immersion of the game when you clearly hit someone, and they don't go down - it can also be very fustrating.Ping really effects your gameplay in this game, as I said before hit registration is even worse when you have a ping of over 100!Another fantastic part of this game is the steam workshop!Find weapon skins, custom UI, custom sound packs, well pretty much custom everything!This game is really easy to run, on almost any system you will run the game at highest settings at atleast 45 fps on almost every map.Overall I really enjoy playing this game, and the team still bring out updates but they are not as frequent as they shoudl be!8/10"
,Recommended,222880,19930347,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Wooly,"Many of the games at a 60$ price aren't worth that amount. This game is definitely worth MORE than 15. It doesn't matter if it's on sale, you should get this game and tell your friends to get it. Here is why:I have accumulated over 1,200 hours on this game and have actually founded a competitive insurgency team. It's only fair that I give the game the review it deserves. If you want to know about a lot about the game before you buy it, you're reading the right review.The Competitive Scene:The competitive scene, while not as big as CSGO, has been mostly developed by the players-many of which have played the game for a long time. These leagues (DGL, ESL, ANZ) spread across every region of the world and have offered regional seasons, tournaments, draft tournaments and even world cups. No matter what region you are from, you can play this game. I've played with guys from South America, America and Canada, Eastern and Western Europe (from the UK to Ukraine), Australia and New Zealand, etc. The game does not boast ten's of thousands of players but the players that play this game in the competitive scene are very dedicated. It is not as hard to learn how to play as it used to be because the game has been allowed to develop and the players have figured out how to play the different maps in general. If you're wondering what ""game type"" the competitive scene revolves around, it's a game mode with 3 points that you can capture, objectives similar to that of the battlefield genre or starwars battlefront. You own one, they start owning one, and then there is a neutral point. If you cap a point, you bring your whole team back. You start with 5 players and they start with 5 players, you fight to the death to kill the other team, using all sorts of strategies and tactics, but also try to potentially cap a point (or bait a cap) and bring the rest of your team back. Sounds fun as hell, right? It's awesome.Game Types:If you're not a competitive guy, there are a ton of game modes to suite your fancy here. Want to play fast paced with 32 people and respawns? Choose Push. Want a slower paced mode much like the one I described for competitive, but with 16 players instead of 10? Choose firefight. Want a mix of Push and Firefight, with points you can capture but also respawn waves? Choose Skirmish. There are a few others as well- ambush for instance puts you on an attacking or defending side, where you are forced to escort your VIP (a player who cannot die) to one of two possible objectives. These are the 4 most common game modes, in that order.Server Activity:Insurgency recently broke the record of an all time high in the number of players online at once. No matter what time you get on to play, there are always active servers to play on.Gameplay:The gameplay is quite different from any other game. It's a lot like the Call of Duty 4 Pro Mod or hardcore mode. You don't have any HUD's or ammunition/health bars. You have your gun in front of you, the time of the round, the points and their status at the bottom of your screen and that's pretty much it. It's a source engine game, a lot of former COD 4 guys and CSGO players like it, although it's not really anything like CSGO.Pace/Mentality/continued comparison:It can be pretty fast paced- especially push. There are people everywhere and they're all trying to kill you. Other modes like firefight and ambush can be much slower paced. Yeah, you can go for that initial kill, and if you're good you might get it. The other team might also be playing slowly, and you might pay dearly for a risky move. I'd say it's relatively realistic enough to make it different from COD or Battlefield but still arcady enough to be fun for the guys who like that aspect of games- it's a good balance. Reloading takes a little longer than your average FPS, but not too long. Sound is really huge in this game- you can hear tons of things and when you run around people can hear YOU in the next room. You don't know how many bullets are left in your mag unless you've given it at least a little attention, etc. The game requires a lot of mental attention if you want to do really well, but also is arcady enough to where it's completely in your right to mindlessly shoot virtual people at 3 AM. For instance, you can't really mindlessly play Arma or Squad, but COD or Battlefield doesn't require quite as much mental attention. It's hard to be really good at CSGO- but for different reasons. CSGO is a lot about aim. I'd say it's relatively ""harder"" to be good at insurgency than it is to be ""good"" at Call of Duty or Battlefield, although prior shooter experience certainly helps. The mental aspect of insurgency and attention to detail isn't really found in another shooter. You'll definitely get a new experience here.What are you waiting for! Go play the game!"
,Recommended,222880,18604487,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,xxblackdog,"The most exciting, immersive, fun, and lethal multiplayer FPS I have ever played.The Battlefield...If I had one word to describe the experience, it's TACTICAL.  First, if you're coming from BF3/4, the COD franchise, or CS:GO/S, forget everything you've learned about gun fights. Two, or often one, hit will kill you which means you need to use cover, suppression, smoke, and flash to get around. Gun fights are TENSE - this is partly due to the lethality of weapons, but also the suppression mechanic: you can hear the bullets wizzing by your head, your screen blurs, and if you pop your head out at the wrong time - THWACK, and your dead.MAPS are expertly designed, consistently updated, lots of variety, and new ones are created suprisingly often for such a small developer.WEAPONS have character and I've found new favourites for given situations even 100 hours into playing. UNLIKE CS:GO where you have to memorize spray and spread patterns for each weapon, Insurgency weapons perform realistically in that, wherever the sights are pointed, THAT IS EXACTLY WHERE THE BULLET WILL GO - weapons still recoil, but you know exactly where the bullet is headed when it does.GAME MODES - brilliant. Co-op is awesome, multiplayer modes are relatively diverse and awesome. What's really unique here is the emphasis on teamplay. You really need to coordinate with your team to win certain modes, whether its popping smoke or having someone cover you while you move up. What sets this game apart, other than everything else, is that players work together here - you're not playing with the silent majority on BF4 or COD - people are on their mics, strategizing and celebrating the game - mostly adults too (well, adults who yell ""Alloha Snackbar"" as terrorists while throwing grenades at American Soldiers, haha). If you get this game, get mic please, you miss out on a lot of the fun and you contribute to making this game less fun for everyone.Final Words...One of my favourite games on PC. Kudo's to a great development team who keep this game alive with frequent updates and tourneys. They obviously have a passion for what they do, and it's part of what makes this game great.It also happens to have a total conversion mod for my first multiplayer FPS (TPS*) addiction, Socom 1 & 2 (""Socom: Source"")."
,Recommended,222880,13371453,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,dlx,I'm banned from CS:GO.10/10
76561198091993580,Recommended,222880,34783403,Posted: 6 September,all,Where da fook is maywedda?,I bought this masterpiece of a game for 2 dollars.... 2 ♥♥♥♥ING dollars.
,Recommended,222880,22901522,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Suspect ®,"EDITED REVIEW*Aswering some people's questions below:-No u wont die if u get shot at your arm or leg, but things get blurry and its difficult for you to survive. U have to stay hidden for an amount of time-This game is getting an upgrade and unreal engine will launch it high. I have high hopes for the game.-The workshop is amazing and u can change eveything, literallyOLDER REVIEW*So i will be honest! I bought this game 5 months ago.after i played a few games, i quit, and i contacted steam to get my money back!BIGGEST MISTAKE OF MY LIFE!this game is what everyone should call, a war simulator!After got boring played CSGO and bf4 and♥♥♥♥♥♥ i redownloaded INSURGENCY.I had to give it more time! And i did!Amazing sound, amazing gun models, amazing gun customization, amazing gameplay,REAL gameplay! When you run, u cant aim, u cant reload, u cant strafe properly!U have to be quiet, quick and precise! If you want to survive! One bullet and you are dead!I was waiting so much for a game like this!I love this game, and maybe its my favourite fps game ever!Last night it was the first time i had a dream about being in a game, and insurgency made me dream of it!Buy it, and give it some time to get used to it!"
,Recommended,222880,14129095,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Queef,>have to press ctrl+shift to skid>live in Canada>in Canada ctrl+shift sets a keyboard to French mode>start typing and letters are in French accents>mfw Ïnsùrgénçÿ dévélôpérs àré trôllîng Wést Çànàdiàns
,Recommended,222880,32660349,Posted: 22 June,all,FinFangFoom,"Amazing game. Dont expect it to just be about running and gunning all over the place though, you're going to be camping a lot"
,Recommended,222880,28623556,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,xCAKSx,"Better than ---Rainbow six siegeCall of DutyBattlefieldARMASquadVerdunCS GORed orchesta....................No Micro trancsionNo Weapon UnlockNo Weapon skinNo cosmetic ItemNo create or key...................No lagNo server problemNo low fpsNo Connection lost..................Large Maps ( Really Large )Lots of maps ( atleast lots more than other expensive games )..................No leveling up or K/D ratioExtremely intelligent BotPvP is GoldenPvE is DiamondVarious Game modesTeam Work Must !.................And unbelievably Cheap ( on sale around 1 USD ).................If you still dont get it , then you have no life mate.....Edit : It can get boring as there is no level progression and not much map variation . But still you can come back whenever you want for a pure fun ...And yes , also didnt mean any disrespect to other games. Just comparing with the price what you can get. Absolutely my listed games are good too."
,Recommended,222880,33036245,Posted: 30 June,all,SkyroZ,"Insurgency is like anal sex.Hard and painful, but you learn to love it."
,Recommended,222880,8803837,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,=DRK= Bluedrake42,"Incredible game. High on my list of best tactical shooters. I was rather skeptical during the alpha, but Insurgency is one of the few games I've seen transform into a masterpiece during its early access phase. I highly recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,222880,31213053,Posted: 17 April,all,Klaus Klavier,better name for this game: Where the F*** did that bullet come from simulator
76561198079374991,Recommended,222880,13153554,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,HecklerK,This is how FPS should be
,Recommended,222880,29191452,Posted: 11 January,all,Goredema,"If Counter Strike feels too arcade-y, but Arma III feels like too much micro-management, Insurgency may be the FPS for you. The weapons and setting feel very authentic, the sound design makes every bullet flying past your head terrifying, and the damage model means that getting shot HURTS. There will be times when you die and you don't even know where the shot came from, and times when you've shot into a room or alley, and THINK you've killed your target, but aren't SURE you've hit anything. You take a step, not really wanting to move forward. Suddenly a grenade flies out of the dark room, and with no time to react, you're dead. The tension and terror feel very real. It sounds overly dramatic to say, but playing this game gives me a tiny sense of how real life military personnel end up with PTSD.Gameplay is solid, with most action happening in the PVP matches, but the Co-Op mode is also very solid, with you and a small squad of other players cautiously advancing toward an objective. Even once you've learned when and where Co-Op attacks will happen, there's something gripping about you and a few human players trying to survive a rush of incoming attackers.On a closing note, I really appreciate that a game set mostly in the Middle East doesn't descend into the standard ""Americans=good, Arabs=evil"" cliche. For instance, when playing as an insurgent and starting the match, you'll often hear your character yell things like ""Let us push this invaders from our homeland!"" The game doesn't celebrate or denigrate any of its characters, it just soberly presents the conflict between them, and captures the terrifying, violent desperation to survive."
76561198117266785,Recommended,222880,32773821,Posted: 25 June,all,wheelbarrow61,"I actually really like this game. My only concern is the price, this game is such good quality I'm actually ashamed the developers aren't quite as demanding"
50984502348502385,Recommended,222880,19290918,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Danielsan,"Killed 4 people with a grenade.My whole team screamed ""Allahu akbar""10/10 Would throw grenades again :D"
76561198028456237,Recommended,222880,25715767,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,The Hooded Kat,"> Drop into the game for the first time with a few of my friends> Get killed early on> Decide to Spectate my friend> Each of our teamates are shot and incinerated around him> It's just him now> He's cowering in the corner of a villa somewhere in the middle east waiting for the end> Terrorists swarm into the room> Screaming Commences> Hot lead follows> Terries drop like flies as he stands in the center of the room shooting like an autist on speed> Watch in horror as bodies are piled around the entrances to the room> Teamates are silent> Screaming continues as he runs out of bullets and knifes the remaining enemies to death> One last turbanmin rounds the corner to finish him> Covered in blood and viscera, he stabs the man twice before shooting him with his handgun> Screaming ends> Everyone respawns> ""Dude holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Recommended,222880,26624524,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,HotS0S,A more realistic FPS than most others. Count bullets!!!
,Recommended,222880,17000794,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Steelrain🎃,"If you want a tactical modern FPS that takes skill, teamwork and strategy, get this. If you want to jerk yourself off over a $200 digital knife, get CS:GO instead."
76561198333501154,Recommended,222880,31152100,Posted: 15 April,all,Suicide is always an option,"Insurgency is it worth a buy? Insurgency is a close quarters combat first person shooter which was once a mod for half life 2.It's a source engine game which meaning that it won't take much to run at 40+ fps. Which is fine by me.The UI is decent.The devs have kind of left the game  to work on future games such as insurgency sandstorm, they still fix bugs time to time. Don't expect much since the game is 100% complete.The community and the players are not as toxic as in games like cod, csgo and dota 2.What it feels like is I don't want to compare it to cod but It feels like COD done by REAL programmers unlike COD's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t half♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer.. It's on sale alot more then it used to be for like $2 or something coming up soon.This game is not dead at all, I'm seeing a steady 2000 which is better then some games like COD IW.Is it worth the $9.99? Yes no doubt about it."
,Recommended,222880,24715442,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Wagon Wheel Enthusiast,"Insurgency is the most realistic shooter / FPS I have ever played.- Takes 1 bullet to kill someone unless they have heavy armour, If they have heavy armour it takes 2 or 3.- No jump packs / No jetpacks.- 15+ Guns.- 30 maps / Night and day maps.- Great gamemodes.- 10+ Classes.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,222880,28719167,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,< blank >,My teammates couldn't stop saying allahu akbar and playing Arabic songs when we won11/10
,Recommended,222880,22993649,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,sPHe0niX,This game is Great!+Very Immersive+Realistic shooter+Good Community+No micro transactions
,Recommended,222880,18727673,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Satoverlord,"No airstrike, no ac-130, no 360 no scope, no jumping ak, no HP bar.One shot(or two, depends on the ammo and the gun) is all it takes to take u down.Aim w/ sights, take cover, work with your teamOtherwise ur death is probably only secs away.And remember:--Keep clam-------and------ALLAHU AKBAR!!"
,Recommended,222880,27032090,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,┐AkH└  Revlis the Reviler,"If you're looking for a game which goes for the ""one shot, one kill"" policy, look no further.If you're looking for a game that is atrociously difficult, look no further.If you're looking for numerous gamemodes, fast paced combat, and adrenaline rush in battle, look no further.If you're looking for refreshing gameplay, with reliance on objective based gameplay, look no further.If you're looking for all of this, with a jokingly low price, for a game that competes with Triple A titles,LOOK NO FURTHER!"
,Recommended,222880,34407620,Posted: 21 August,all,[SFW]Wolger,"Finally decided to give a review. I love this game. Never gets bored. My goal now is to unlock 100,000 kills achievement on PVP.PUSH mode is intense, fun and challenging when you're on offensive side. The battle is large scale, with shots and explosives everywhere.Get a good audio system, and you will be mesmerized by the sounds, boom boom bang bang!!!Already spent 1800 hours, the most of all and it is still the cheapest game in my library. Many thumbs up!"
,Recommended,222880,16440278,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Cyro,"Like getting killed from dark corners by unseen enemies? Get InsurgencyLike killing people from dark corners while being unseen? Get InsurgencyLike being annihilated by a bipod-ed Machine Gun? Get InsurgencyLike annihilating an entire team with a bipod-ed Machine Gun? Get InsurgencyLike being blown apart by a RPG? Get InsurgencyLike blowing an entire team up with a RPG? Get InsurgencyLike being blown up by C4? Get InsurgencyLike blowing people up using C4? Get InsurgencyLike a realistic FPS? Get InsurgencyLike being sniped from halfway across the map? Get InsurgencyLike sniping people from halfway across the map? Get InsurgencyOverall, get Insurgency"
,Recommended,222880,33039826,Posted: 30 June,all,Nalla,"An amazing game! The amount of realism this game has is insane. I've played OW, COD series, paladins, Quake, and a lot of FPS titles and series but nothing beats the realism of this game. You don't feel like an aggressive enthusiastic gunner, when you play it adds a bit of uncertainty because of the mechanics. I'd highly recommend this game to FPS enthusiasts; it's a game you don't wanna miss at all, it doesn't get repetitive as you can do different play styles, experiment, and anything can happen, it feels like a realistic skirmish/war is happening. I'd recommend that you and your friends buy or you buy your friends some copies, it's worth it.As for the gameplayThe gameplay is very realistic, very unpredictable. You and your squad are deployed in a certain map where you have to either defend or take, seems generic yeah? But wait! No radar, no hud, no auto reload, insane recoil, fast death, and no bullet count indicator. It's like COD hardcore mode on steroids (If you've played COD). Once you join in, you are given a choice to pick certain ""roles"" in these roles you're given a set of guns you can customize the attachments to your hearts content. I can't really emphasize how much exciting the gameplay is or I'm just lazy to write something long. But just imagine you're playing a war simulator. Even the gun animations and how they work feel and look realistic, just to all those FPS enthusiast out there this is a MUST buy for you guys I'm telling ya.Before I end this review, the game is good. WELL OPTIMIZED. It runs on source what can you expect."
,Recommended,222880,16731651,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kharoof in wolfs clothes,Why you go to syria when you can play this game instead?  :D
,Recommended,222880,12830611,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Raven,"Insurgency is one hell of a beast, created by mixing up all the good things from other great FPS title.It has the realism of Red Orchestra / Rising Storm that adds a great immersion and intense atmosphere, the small skimrish maps akin to Counter  Strike for a quick and fun close quarter battles, great weapon customization system that reminds me to Rainbow Six / Ghost  Recon, and Battlefield's class based gameplay.Looks unoriginal eh? Nah, not at all. Insurgency DO feels like a combination, something ""in between"" of those game, but the devs executed the ideas impressively that I can consider Insurgency as an original, somewhat one of a kind game that still maintain its own unique identity among an ocean of FPSes nowadays.Gameplay (10/10)Immersive, intense, hardcore, yet it still can offer a fun and enjoyable experience. Insurgency is one of those ""easy  to learn hard to master"" game. Naturally, Insurgency itself is a very simple game, the thing that you'll have to learn is how the general system works, weapons and attachments, the different set of classes, and the realism factor itself. I believe you'll fully understand how the game works in around an hour, or even less. Insurgency isn't for a trigger-happy FPS player. Patience, teamwork, and careful observation of your surrounding is the key here. Even if you already do that, like walking slowly, crouch, peeking on corners, you'll find yourself in  ""WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE BULLET COME FROM?"" situation, first shot, screen blurred, second shot, you started to panic, third shot and you're dead. In many occassion you don't even have the time to be panicked, you'll have an instant death.Another great aspect of this game is how devs design the overall system. No grinding, no perk, just pure skill and tactic. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of varied game modes that actually..well..varied, a balanced class system. Overall Insurgency is, one of the most balanced and fair FPS I've ever played.Sound (10/10)I could've put it in the gameplay section, since the sound isn't just to make the game more atmospheric, but the sound design is a part of the gameplay, its a crucial part. For a modern military FPS with a flare of relism, the sound must be designed to make the game, not only immersive and realitic, but also ""usable"" and its actually a part of the tactic. Yes, the sound is mind-blowingly fantastic. I love how detailed the sounds are, the sound of bullets blazing over your head, hitting the wall or floor, fly near your ears, and when it do hit you, everything become muffed. The guns sounds realistic, it doesn't sound too weak, yet doesn't sound THAT powerful.  Sound is your best friend and your greatest enemy.Graphic (9/10)Insurgency is built from Source Engine, which is, in a way..dated. But. thanks for the great level design and visual effect, and of course the gameplay. You'll find Insurgency's graphic to be a brilliant one. You might think Battlefield has the most realistic graphic for a FPS game. That might be true, but Battlefield's graphic is just too beautiful to be realistc, I find it more in the cinematic side. Insurgency, in the other side can capture the overall atmosphere of a battlefield. A battlefield is supposed to be ""ugly"", no filtering, no lens flare, it's rough. No, no.. I don't say Insurgency graphic is  ugly, far from it. It's a bit dated yes, but the ""dated"" factor and the genius devs behind the game make Insurgency's graphic looks truly believable.Conclusion (10/10)Immersive, believeable, realistic, hardcore, tactical, yet still fun, enjoyable, and pretty much accesible. Insurgency is a perfect balance of realistc / hardcore FPS game with the close quarter combat fun and quick matches of a more arcade-ish FPS game. Insurgency does take inspiration from a wide range of FPS game type, but the devs cleverly managed to distinguish the game to something more unique that can stand at its own two feet and overall maintaining its own identity of a new kind of FPS game."
,Recommended,222880,26025056,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Erwin Rommel,"Imagine CS:GO if it was good, that's Insurgency"
,Recommended,222880,13346734,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,☭ Patrick #MFF2K17 ☭,I killed 4 people with an rpg and my entire team started screaming ALLAHU AKBAR for 5 minutes
76561198235169448,Recommended,222880,26991851,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spacegoat Mofo,TEST OF TIMEThe best first person shooter out there! of course its not the newest but it plays great and i just nominated it for the TEST OF TIME steam award! you got to be tactical and you got to be precise to win in insurgency!When you have been shot. you will know it!!Absolutely Great Fun to play this game with you buddies! 10/10It is 1.99 euros on sale now! Buy it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5IQdlN0SO8
,Recommended,222880,12599794,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Mr. Chopsticks,YOU WANT PTSD?!!! I GIVE YOU PTSD!!! 'MURICA
,Recommended,222880,9058901,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,┐AkH└ prevent ☪,"This is the best infantry based FPS out right now.  Period.  Before I begin, if you liked America's Army 2.x or Red Orchestra 2, you can skip my review and just buy it now.Insurgency combines highly deadly weapons (1-2 hits across the board for the most part) with Squad based combat.  Unlike games like Call of Duty, you choose a role on a fireteam and certain weapons and equipment are available to you, while others are not.  This promotes teamwork which you otherwise wouldn't get in games where every player can equip themselves as a one man army.There is no crosshair to help you to fire from the hip.  And players can't put a dot on their screen to cheat their way around that, since your gun moves independently of your screen to a certain extent.  This makes firing from the hip that much difficult, but also more rewarding if you can pull it off.The maps feel immersive and set in Middle Eastern environments ranging from Iraq to Afghanistan.  They aren't the shoebox style maps present in other mainstream FPS, but shaped and structured like real cities or outposts that you'd find in that part of the world.In most game modes, your team will respawn in waves based on capturing objectives.  There is no run and gun team deathmatch mode here.  Nor are there killstreaks, perks, or other rewards to help bad players.  When you die it will be your fault, not some UAV or airstrike.You'll die a little bit before you get the hang of it because it's unlike anything you've played before.  But once you master it (I've seen friends of mine get good over the course of a day), this is the most rewarding FPS you'll ever play.It only costs $15 but is easily worth $60, IMO.Update: About this BattlEye stuffTwo years and over 2,000 hours later... still love the game.  But about this BattlEye stuff on the front page...The developers conducted multiple polls over the years to gauge what their playerbase wanted.  More weapons?  Got em.  More maps?  Got that too.  Mac and Linux support?  Done.  Performance improvements? Yep.  Anticheat?  Finally, yes.  We asked for it, it took some time, and we got it.So what's with all these negative reviews about BattlEye?  On a technical level, it's not accessing or doing anything that VAC or any other anticheats aren't already doing.  So what's with the hate?  I don't mean to paint with a broad brush here, but consider GabeN's comments about the attacks people make against VAC...""There is also a social engineering side to cheating, which is to attack people's trust in the system. If ""Valve is evil - look they are tracking all of the websites you visit"" is an idea that gets traction, then that is to the benefit of cheaters and cheat creators. VAC is inherently a scary looking piece of software, because it is trying to be obscure, it is going after code that is trying to attack it, and it is sneaky. For most cheat developers, social engineering might be a cheaper way to attack the system than continuing the code arms race, which means that there will be more Reddit posts trying to cast VAC in a sinister light.""-https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/1y70ej/valve_vac_and_trust/So take that into consideration when you see people coming out of the blue bashing Insurgency for adding something literally everyone was asking for."
,Recommended,222880,12822814,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ye sons of shotten herrings!,"If they ever decide to release a boxed copy, I will probably buy it again and make love to it after every game. This is the most fun I've ever had in an FPS! To me, it's a more rewarding experience than CS ever was in 12 years due to the more complex maps, which allow for way more tactical creativity and freedom. It's as relentless and relentlessly fun as Vietcong was, and the focus on capturing objectives reminds me of the initial thrill Battlefield 1942 gave me back when it first came out. This game has filled a void in my life that a combination of several excellent older games left. May you continue to grow and delight people looking for some serious fun, beloved Insurgency!"
76561198089771935,Recommended,222880,12588469,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,ChiSoccer87,"Wow, this game is absolutely amazing.  For the mature gamers looking for a realistic first person shooter, here it is.  I am extremely pleased with this game, money well spent."
,Recommended,222880,25717673,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Choppah,Brutal? Check.Realistic? Check.Solid Controls? Check.Balanced? Check.Dev support? NWI has provided an incredible amount of support and free updates for this self-published indie game. If you wish more games did near Valve level patches for years after release then please support this developer. Triple Check.
,Recommended,222880,35002774,Posted: 16 September,all,ツ Ir0nTaunts ツ,"Insurgency is probablyone of the best first person shootersI have ever played.It is unique and stands out from other games. Something that shook me was that there is NO crosshair. Just sights.This game uses the source engine which gave me the good Half Life/ Counter Strike vibes :DIt's cheap, $9.99 Isn't a lot outta your pocket. The game is so awesome, I am suprised it Isn't more expensiveIt feels awesome and satisfying to get a kill in this game as well, I haven't felt more victorious getting a kill.You definitely need a normal Nvidia video card for this game, if you have a low end PC (Dell/Intel) you won't get the best frames. It would be best to follow the system requirements. Thank me later :DProbably the best thing about this game is that the community Isn't toxic. It's all the more silent than friendly or mean. (To me at least)I would rate Insurgency a 9.5/10. It has barely any cons, and It's very cheap. So I recommend this masterpiece."
,Recommended,222880,28307383,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Yuri AF,"I decide to play this game after 2 years of not playing it.Amazed for the new menus, I join in a game as a support with my heavy machine gun.Not sure what to do, I follow a squad of 5 teammates to capture a point.Suddenly, a ♥♥♥♥ing big♥♥♥♥♥rocket flies quickly to us and fortunately we survived because it didn't hit us.But when that rocket went past my head (1 meter of distance, btw, I was so close of being ♥♥♥♥ed), the character I'm playing with shouts ""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥dude!""I'm so impressed that the characters say♥♥♥♥♥♥like that in these moments.I'm aware that this is silly, but that gives realism to the game imho.11/9 will holy♥♥♥♥♥♥dude again -IGN"
76561198002511143,Recommended,222880,12695499,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Knusprig,"I just want to say a few words about the truly amazing policy of NWII haven't seen a game in a long time that lives up to the immense support insurgency gets from its developers. Not only do they update the content (maps, weapons, gadgets, gamemodes... you name it) and gameplay frequently, they also don't cash any money for their DLCs. While we live in times where companies charge money for DLCs that come out at the release day of their games, NWI really shows how it should be done. This game is an example of true customer service that stands out in a world of greedy game companies.love it."
76561198087998576,Recommended,222880,10618949,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SuperSilvers,"Over 150 hrs and still going back for more, this game is great for so many reasons."
,Recommended,222880,27763818,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Volatile,"This game is the one that I've been searching for all the time. If you are looking for an FPS that is as tactical as ARMA, yet paced like Battlefield, here is your game ladies and gentlemen.Pros:+ Very nice community.+ One shot one kill (unless you shot an heavily armored guy with a pistol).+ Minimal hud, no ammo count, no health bar.+ Encourages teamwork and communication. If you use voice comm, then chances are you will win. (voice comm is built-in, you don't need external software)+ Very rich equipment and weapon variety.+ Customizable weapons. (no skins; just accessories like sights, handles, magazines, launchers, etc.)+ When you scope in, only the scope gets magnified, unlike other FPS games.+ Very tactical gameplay. Has leaning and suppression mechanics.+ It feels ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.Cons:- Maps are sometimes confusing.- Learning curve is a bit harsh. You will probably rage-quit your first 3 matches.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,222880,8766456,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,RedShadow,"Let's try and find the games closest to Insurgency to give you an ideaHave you playedHostile Intentan HL1 mod? Or do you like the firstRainbow Six, up toRavenShield?Those games focuses on CQB mostly. But what if you want the same realism with bigger maps?And with lots of co-op, lots of player at the same time and mandatory friendly fire?Okay, then we are talking aboutArma; except that you need the whole keyboard mapped in order do play.I could mention the famousAmerica's Army, but the murika's BS might p!ss you off.Well, for me,Insurgencyis very close toAA, but in much better IHMO.There is alsoRed Orchestraeven closer thanAA, but you might also be tired of WW 2.Of course there is the HL2 mod namedInsurgency - Modern Infantry Combattoo. In that case you already know what I am talking about here.InInsurgencyyou will find realism.One shot, one kill mostly. You will also experience bullet penetration and ricochet. Friendly fire is always on, forcing you to advance in coordinated groups and with a proper formation. There is no magic radar where you can see friendlies, no indication of the rounds left in your mag. Bring up the full screen map to know where people are, but then you are vulnerable during that time.The recoil is similar to the one you might find inRavenShield, and the aiming and movements (running, sprinting, sliding) are smoother than inAmerica's Army.Weapons modifications will drastically change your gameplay and behavior. It is absolutely not cosmetic here. You can choose the rounds types (JHP, FMJ, tracer) to suit your class. It's not BS.The sounds/SFX are awesome. The voice comm is directional and ""spacial"", meaning that you will have to be close to the guy using his mic/talking to hear him. Which the opposing team will hear too!The objectives are very cleverly made: clearing an objective will make your teamates respawn, which can turn a situation around. Sometimes, a single match can last quite a long time when both teams are skilled. The objectives will get captured, lost, etc. making people respawn and so on.And finally, the community is mature--for now at least.Is it hard? Definitly yes.Is it worth it? Damn right!Are there other alternatives to this game? Short answer is ""not really"".Takedownwas (is?) an attempt to revive the Tactical FPS but has failed so far IMHO.America's Armyis too tied to murika, and is full of bugs and not maintained anymore.Armais too slow paced, and feels like a sofisticated airplane simulation so many key bindings there are.Hence,Insurgencyis pretty much the only tactical game since RavenShield released in 2003.Yeah, it is the only tactical game available since adecade.So no, there are no alternatives.Now you should clearly know what you oughta do:GO GET IT.NOW."
,Recommended,222880,28854690,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Suesan,"This game has been described to me as many things, the most prominent of which would be ""Battlefield on Source Engine"". That is hardly accurate.A more accurate description would be ""A well made realistic shooter that requires tactics, good aim, bad accents, and cancerous slav music""Most notably, This game takes aim to create a source-based FPS that requires communication and slow play to succeed. New World does pretty well with what they have set out to do. The game itself is actually pretty chalk full of content for a game that was originally cost at or around 15$ on launch. It has a lot of maps, a lot of game modes, and a surprisingly fun co-op mode. As a matter of fact, I enjoy the co-op mode more than the PVP. There seems to be a lot of teamwork in that mode.Past all of this however, there are some issues that seem to persist. Most notably the grahics and optimization. It looks about 1/2 as good as CSGO, and takes 2x the processing power to pump the same framerate. Fortunately, The way that the game plays makes frames a secondary concern to game sense. If you know what you are doing, you can absolutely destroy people from your 8 year old potato. Believe me, as one of the best players I know plays off of a pentium build from 2005 getting an average of 20 fps. The flow of the game focuses more on positioning and waiting games rather than twitch aim. There is a learning curve, but as long as you check your targets and don't shoot your buddies nobody will really rage at you.The community in this game is what really makes it to me. I've never seen a higher Meme-per-capita in a video game. You always get that one dude that shouts ""ALLAHUUUU MAHALALALALA AKKKKKKKKBAR"" whenever he blows up a supply cache, and that one dude that speaks with radio callsigns, and that one dude that talks in a russian accent and links us to the ""cancerous slav music mod""(I'd actually insist you use it too). I swear. I bust a nut laughing every time I launch the game. The massive modding community really adds to it as well, constantly making better optics, skins, and music packs.It keeps getting more and more Cheeki Breeki all of the time, and I don't really have any reason to not play.Glorious Cancer/10"
,Recommended,222880,26485026,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DarkHelvis,"Insurgency>CS:GOEDIT:This is a very good indie FPS shooter but it is very bad optimized and most people doesn'tt give a sh-t about their team but if you can find a server with normal ping and decent players then i really recommend this game to anybody otherwise, you probably going to request a refund anyway.EDIT IIRecently a lot of people noticed this game and they realised that this game for this cheap is acctually very good deal and i agree. I recommend it to really anyone because it's so cheap that anyone can pick it up andjust have some fun. :)"
,Recommended,222880,30256961,Posted: 1 March,all,FrostF¡re,"RPG is basically a space programme in this game. Point just before legs and there you have it.Ate RPG in almost every game.Added tunak tunak sound when counter attacked. Hilarious as ♥♥♥♥.Added ALLAH HU SNACKBAR sound when throwing grenaded, almost dieded laughing.TK is fun unless someone shoots you back. :|"
,Recommended,222880,12359262,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Captain Orgazmo,"This is an awesomes stuff!  Amazing atmosphere and really one of the best games to play as a team. Good graphics, realisic movments and amazing sound effects make you feel like you are really on a battlefield! Plus, developpers are always developping this game improving level design and polishing other glitches. Community  is also much better than in other more popular games. This is just great...."
,Recommended,222880,22730276,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Daniel,"Definate 10/10First off, not for the easily frustrated. This game is difficult, but rewarding.Secondly,THE DEVS ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT THEIR PRODUCTNow, for the nitty gritty (sorta).Team play is nearly a must. You can do well on your own, and you can decimate a group of enemies on your own if you're experienced enough or just have a great position, but more times than not, having a competent squad at your back or your front is typically always better than being a lone wolf.Communication is just as important as it is in any other game, and if you don't (have/want to use) a mic, this game gives a good means to do so, with (mostly) fleshed out voice commands. I could recommend a few, but this isn't the place for it. What matters, is that you can generally get your message out without having to type. It is typically easier to communicate with someone who you've spent a few hours playing with.Gunplay and controls are tight; it's a source game, what do you expect? As for gunplay, weapon recoil is not going to have you admiring the skybox, but it's not going to have every weapon acting as a lasergun. Almost every weapon can one-shot the chest (Depends on target's armour, what type of ammunition you are using, and caliber of gun.), and all weapons will one-shot the head under average circumstances.Movement and navigation is crisp and as clean as any other source game, save for the small map props that can peak up from the dirt, or a ledge that's just barely elevated enough that you have to jump. Other than that, movement speed itself is not fast, but you won't be a slugman.Overall/TL;DR: Teamplay is recommended, communication is concise, gunplay is dandy and responsive, and movement is crisp.Recommended if you enjoy games like Red Orchestra 2 or Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege."
76561197967605168,Recommended,222880,11617006,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,exile,"This is one of those games, travelling just under my radar, yet was perfectly designed to meet my first person shooter gameplay demands.This is no frills, tactical teamplay with realistic gun physics. There is no corny gun skins to destroy the immersion of the gameplay, gun models and animations are above average, lending to the smooth and clean look of the maps.A first person shooter of this quality is a rare achievement."
,Recommended,222880,13086029,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,DeezNumbas,"I have 765 hours in this game. Let that sink in for a bit, over 10 months I've put 765 hours into this game. The majority of people who im friends with that play Insurgency (most of my friends list), have over 300 hours. That alone speaks for itself. Even with it's faults, and dissagreements over the certain pathes this game has taken, it is still one of the best games I have ever played/watched on Twitch.You die in around 1-3 good shots depending on your loadout, and rely on your teams help in order for you to win. If you know what you're doing, you can make your way from point a to point b mowing down everyone in your way. Be warned, this game does have quite the learning curve, and until you bring up your game awareness, it'll be hard to even get far from spawn.Be warned, this game is indie. It's made by a small dev team. There are some bugs that creep up from time to time, and there are a few quirks that get overlooked. At the end of the day, these guys have a good product. It may not be 100% refined, but they release regular updates (1-2 months always). They're commited, and they've stated they have a ""vision"".Regardless of any issues, I would HIGHLY reccomend this game to anyone who's enjoyed Arma, anything from BF, or even CS. I reviewed this game once before when I had only 8 hours, I was sold back then. You wont regret it."
,Recommended,222880,9698581,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Nik The Greek,The devs deserve a medal!This game rocks!!Fully recommended!!+Realistic Tactical Game+Squad Based+Good practice in coop+Realistic weapon reactions+More updates to come as far as i know10/10
,Recommended,222880,25845209,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Ronald Villiers,"""Ronald has put too many hours into this. Forget hard drugs, he is addicted to killing terrorists."""
76561198115285859,Recommended,222880,26043451,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Luna ♡ Galaxy,"Yo, There hasn’ t been a great tactical shooter on the Mac in a while. Mywa.. shame, I use a Mac. Anyway..  I was fond of playing Medal of Honor and Socom back in the day, but updates to those games have long since stopped appearing on my preferred Apple platform.Leave it to an independent developer then to dish up some sweet tactical goodness in the form of Insurgency SWEEEET BABY JESUS HELLLLOOO.. A tactical shooter like Insurgency is defined by gameplay that requires you to think and act strategically, while often featuring realistic damage and bullet physics. In Insurgency, you can die in one shot if you aren’t careful.At its core, this game demands teamwork and patience. If you aren’t capable of either, I suggest you move on. Yet, those willing to learn the grade of the mechanics you will truly find a very tense and satisfying shooter at their fingertips.An introduction to Insurgency can be brutal, as you will be punished for blindly rushing about or failing to cover corners. However it is never cheap or unfair cause every death is always your own doing and a lesson on how to improve. Without any kill-cams, you have to learn where you are dying from, and why, without any particular assistance. The Insurgents usually come from certain spawn points for you to recognise this.You can have a play on a deverse amount of game modes across a large amount of different maps. The differnet categories define the type of play, some offer more tactical games, or more action while others are cooperative against the very competent AI.A quick filter system lets you easily pick what mode and map to play on, or you can browse the server list. This makes it simple to jump into whatever kind of mode you feel like playing Try servers with a mass Bot and supply point, holy heck.Insurgency’s 32-player maps offer a lot of variety. The urban cityscapes will have you crawling across streets under the cover of smoke, while another may have you creeping around mountains with a sniper rifle. Our favourite is a multi-storey building with numerous ways to get around and flank the enemy team.Fortunately for a game built on teamwork, it provides you with full communication options. Built in voice chat is clear and easy to use at the press of a button. Team chat and “all” chat are also present making coordinating enemy locations and strategy simple so long as you use it.Each side – the Security forces and Insurgents – have squads and classes each player can fill in. Each side and class has a particular range of weapons and gear available to equip via supply points. Extra ammo may cost you one point, but a suppressor will cost you four. Its fun to mix and match your supply points as you like or the match requires.  Every weapon feels weighty and each shot impactful. Just watch your aim because friendly fire can also take you or your fellow team members out.There is also a great vote kick/ban system in place that lets you call out changes to vote on. This type of player power is good and helps get rid of the occasional team-killer or unwanted map rotation.Visually Insurgency is solid. It uses Valve’s Source engine so is comparable to the likes of Left 4 Dead and Medal of Honour, possibly Battlefield.The strength of the game’s audio is appreciated. Gunshots are crisp, footsteps can place enemy locations and soldiers frequently shout out contextual commands or responses. And should you survive an explosion, you will left with your ears ringing. With no interface to tell you clip count, you must listen to know if your shots fired.Once you learn the maps, get comfortable with the game-types and play tactically as you should, Insurgency becomes a world of fun. A few small bugs are annoying, but ultimately don’t detract from your enjoyment. It won’t break your wallet and is worth the time of any shooter fan that likes a dose of realism. New players will struggle, but the community is friendly and helpful."
,Not Recommended,222880,29790853,Posted: 8 February,all,Denton of Science,"As of today (8th Feb 17) they enforce Battleeye to play on any offical Playlist Server. There is no option to filter for Servers that use Battleeye.Avoid this game, if you do not want to install a root kit in your windows OS..."
76561198123126093,Recommended,222880,26453598,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,theannoyinggeek,"If you enjoy the felling of being completly scared sh#tless of every bullet that comes your way, or you like staying prone for the entire match because you afraid that if you move you'll be gunned down at any second or, maybe, you just like the feeling of charging inot enemy territory not knowing where any of the opposing team are. If you do enjoy any of the above, thjan this is the game for you.seriously though, this game is f#cking intense"
,Recommended,222880,13468127,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Krash✅,"Very good game! It's a hardcore , realistic game  the Co-Op is awsome the BOTS are mercyless! Everyone who like FPS games this is the one you must have !"
,Recommended,222880,18468651,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,zoKotel,"Quite possibly the best FPS I've played in years. Tactical, hardcore, fun and most importantly a great community."
,Recommended,222880,18726088,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Clippy,Realesed nearly 2 years ago and still getting massive updates.That says something
,Recommended,222880,25158874,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Aulus,Modified my game to play nasheeds as standard music and everyone yells Allah Akbar when anything happens. Parents afraid I would radicalize. Imam approved. I'm now in Syria.Halal/10
76561197962227875,Not Recommended,222880,29789051,Posted: 8 February,all,J-J-Jazz,They just introduced BattlEye. Result: I uninstalled the game.Never experienced any cheaters. Why do you need an Anti-Cheat Utility that can do literally anything on your computer?
,Recommended,222880,33828826,Posted: 27 July,all,Ku$h,You're broke but you want the feel of CS:GO and the realism of ARMA.............Say no more
,Recommended,222880,16781810,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,VPPGamingNetwork,Very good game! Nice change from playing Csgo. More people need to buy this game and play it
76561198114944289,Recommended,222880,21727766,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,SOFT ~,CSGO AWP rulesYou Hit. They Die.You Miss. You Die.INSURGENCY Rules.You spray pattern. You die.You 360 no scope. You die.You run around like Battlefield 4. You die.You go CoD. You die.You nade. You mostly die.You don't coordinate with team. You die.You die. Your teammates die.And most of all.If you don't smoke grenade.YouDie.10/10 would die repeatedly again
,Recommended,222880,19772207,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,MANTICORE,"Insurgency is one of the best and most intense shooters I have ever played untill now and I think that, after having played over 450 hours, I am ready to give a review!Gameplay:Insurgency isn't a kind of hardcore or fast pace shooter where you just blast your way through players but, instead, is more like a slow pace game of precision and strategy where every corner must be checked in order to make your progress and achieve your goals.One of the things that clearly contributes to this slow and very tactical pace is the damage model: 1 or 2 shots....and BAAM...you're dead! Here, there are no medics or healing tools....if you go down you will have to wait for your respawn. This feature is important because you will really have to adapt and evolve in a very particular gamestyle that Insurgency demands from you.Teams:There are two factions in the game: the Insurgents and the Security Forces,a kind of American Marines. These two have different kinds of weapons and each weapon has its own behaviour like firerate, recoil, damage impact and sound. For instance, the sounds coming from guns are inportant because, to help you during a gunfight, it will be wise to memorize each sound from each gun to get a clear notion if you are near a friend or enemy.Types of Challenges:The game has multiple types of challenges available like Push, Skirmish, Firefight, Strike or Occupy, all these based on battles supported by waves being permanently deployed for both teams.There are also new and innovative modes like the V.I.P, in which you have to defend or kill (it depends on which team you are) a player whose goal is to get to a safe point across the map.You have the possibility to play P.V.P (against other players) or fighting against A.I.Maps and Levels' Design:Insurgency's maps are some of the most intense and well designed arenas that I ever played. There are different kinds of backgrounds like urban settings or open landscapes.The urban maps are characterized by high density streets and buildings, which are more destined to infantry and close quarters battles, with many narrow alleys and open courtyards, top floors, walkways, bridges and ground-floor shops....many spaces to hide or ambush!The open maps are more favorable to snipers and sharpshooters backing up the attack of the infrantry on the front line of the battle.As you can see, each type of map will determine your strategy and the way you react during a battle. Fighting on a street surrounded by windows will have a very different feel than fighting completely exposed on an open field...Night Maps !!! (use your Night Vision Goggles !!!)One of the most incredible features in this game are the night battles that clearly distinguishes Insurgency as a top-notch game. In these battles you may need your night vision goggles in order to make your way through the map. Trying to spot your enemy in the darkness as you walk your way through the map is one hell of a challenge! For instance, if you have your night vision goggles on and if you stare at a bright light...then DAMN !....you may get blinded for a few seconds, giving your enemy a chance to kill you!The night battles have some of the most incredible environments you will ever have on a shooter...needless to say the battles are epic and very tough to win.Graphics / Source Engine:Insurgency runs smooth and is well polished for a Source Engine game. If you are expecting for a top of the chart graphically optimized game...then Insurgency is not what you are looking for.Instead, Insurgency relies on using an old but trusty graphics engine to create an immersive and well conceived shooter for people who want to experience a true tactical game.Community and Developers:The community is very friendly and receptive and new players have been welcomed day by day. The quality and singularity of the game contributed to gradually establish a loyal and commited legion of players who help to improve the quality of gameplay for every newcomers and also to maintain high levels of players thoughout Insurgency's many servers.Even so, today I think that this community is still kind of small, a fact that I hope changes soon given the extreme qualitiy of the game, its developers and the people who play it and help it to improve. This game fully deserves a larger community.The developers are incredible and they created a game whose purpose is to achieve an immersive game, instead of a dull and only graphically optimized game.The new contents for the game are always free and new stuff is always being implemented like maps and guns.Nowadays, Insurgency is a rare pearl that concentrates and explores to the limit everything that we want in a game: fun and innovation!...And the love for this game is still going! I nominated it for the “Test of Time” Award 2016.I just keep coming back for more and more!"
,Recommended,222880,27018628,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,soup sandwich,"You can't ask for a better price on a solid FPS like this, especially when it occasionally goes on sale.I used to play a lot of COD back when I was an XBOT. This game ♥♥♥♥♥ all over anything Infinity Ward has done. I'm glad I switched to PC, otherwise I would have never known about this game. Seriously, it's one of the most intense games I've ever played.The developers know what they're doing and have been very good with constant updates for as long as I've been playing. Plus, it has steam workshop, so mods makes this game extra enjoyable.Beware of the rage-inducing RPG. I can't stress that enough, I've seen people rage quit because of it."
76561198023392226,Recommended,222880,13534012,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Obed Marsh,"You'll be frustrated, a lot. You'll often find yourself going, ""w...t...f, that didn't make any sense."" Confusion and rage are probably pretty common in this game. The AI can be fairly challenging even on the lowest settings. There's always a certain percentage of human players who are completely clueless or inept. But when you get with a team working well, there's quite a bit of satisfaction in it.Keep in mind, I only play co-op. After 80+ hours in the game, I think I can say it has joined my personal ranks of addictive co-op, joining the likes of Payday The Heist and Left 4 Dead 2.I've only had the game for about a month, but it seems the developers are keeping up with it, as they near a year of official Steam release. Their community manager even streams the game now and then.Also, workshop! There's some cool skins and sound mods so far. I keep a mod for weapon sounds, which makes the gunfire in a firefight much more intense and nerve wracking.Completely worth the $5 I paid for it.A must-have if you enjoy getting killed frequently."
,Recommended,222880,14165786,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,[DaC]ArcticKiller,"If you have friends, this is a great game to play with them.If you don't have any friends, this is a great game to play alone.If you don't have the game to play, get the money for it.If you don't have the money for it, get a job.If you don't have a job, rob the bank.If you get arrested robbing the bank, at least you tried."
76561198034769272,Recommended,222880,20348838,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Pandarahhh,- Entered match- Forced into ISIS- Ran into enemy room with a cooked grenade yelling allahu akbar!!!- 5 dead and team captured the point- Now surrounded by 72 virgins playing games 24/7 online instead of working- 10/10 would cook a grenade again
,Not Recommended,222880,29817353,Posted: 9 February,all,KADABRA,"Used to be a great multiplayer game. Morerate level of realism, well balanced on teamplay.Now they FORCE you to install a spyware to play PvP multiplayer.Sneaky and sleazy :(Edit: Some people will claim BattlEye is harmless but after small research over information available on internet I made a conclusion I can not trust this piece of software to run in privileged mode on my computer:1) it can update itself without my consent introducing security weakness even despite creators will;2) it can upload any loaded DLL modules to BattlEye service and I suspect it will mean I'm breaking Windows EULA by redistributing it's parts (im am not a lawyer, so it's just a speculation).Those are only few of my concerns if I assume BattlEye is acting in a good will right now (which I still can't trust on 100%)."
,Recommended,222880,24379946,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Strawbri,Step 1. Get drunk.Step 2. Pick the Insurgent team.Step 3. Get a class with IEDs.Step 4. Find an enemy you can sneak up behind.Step 911. Pull out your IED drop it next to the both of you and scream in your mic ALLAHU AKBAR and blow the both of you up.Step 912. Visit Allah for a few second before you respawn.Update: Devs need to stop breaking the game.
,Recommended,222880,23056939,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,FeelAlive,"Fun game if you're into realistic warfare gameThey support visual modsMy game turned from serious war place to insurgents supporting hatsune miku and anime graffitis everywhereIf you're insurgent , 11/10 your teammate would scream allahu akbar whenever he/she throws a nade"
,Recommended,222880,32916508,Posted: 28 June,all,Dread Raven,"Owned this on 3 accounts, and is probably the best FPS game in my library, as it is one of the most realistic tactical shooter in my opinion. 10/10 would get a 4th copy. :D"
76561197966616432,Recommended,222880,13678950,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Rob,"Welcome to a refreshingly visceral, no holds barred, vision of infantry-based tactical combat. In their attempt to recreate the tension and brutality of old-school tactical shooters of decades past, New World Interactive have created an original and satisfying gameplay experience that rightfully sets itself apart from its contemporaries. Welcome to Insurgency.The base concept of this title might initially seem all too familiar to fans of the FPS genre; two opposing teams engage in pitched close quaters combat attempting to outmanuver and outgun each other accross a variety of objective-based game modes. However to turn away at this initial similarity would be to miss out on arguably one of the most refreshing and authentic presentations of adversarial modern combat that stands out within a genre so often cited for its notable lack of innovation.In Insurgency bullets are as lethal as their real life counter parts and many players may swiftly meet their end with little more than a single mouse click or the shortest burst of enemy fire. This fact alone enforces a chilling uniformity to the title's playing field, where advantage is gained primarily through individual player skill, experience, team cohesion and map knowledge. Insurgency is unrepentent in its difficulty and newer players will likely face a substantial intial learning curve as they spectate proceedings from beyond the grave. What is worthwhile however rarely comes easily and Insurgency's unapologetic lethality, combined with a tense and at times frenetic pace serve to create a satisfying portrayal of close combat that is at once engaging, unquestionably challenging and always deadly.The expansive arsenal of modern (and some decidedly older) weapons are without exception brilliantly rendered and immensely satisfying to use. Whether picking off foes from afar with an M14, storming an objective with a german mp40 or laying down suppressing fire with an RPK or M249, the the authenticism and individual characteristics of the weapons depicted in Insurgency are immediately apparent; to put it simply they just 'feel' right. In addition, a formidable array of equipment and attachments are made available to the player depending upon their class, from grenade launchers, bipods, silencers, body armour and hand grips to a variety of ranged and close quater weapons sights, armour pericing, tracer and anti-personnel rounds as well as grenades that burn, stun, obscure and destroy, the list of equipment is long with each addition offering up a different tactical advantage.The ferocious nature of the events unfolding on screen are expertly narrated by a robust and terrifyingly diverse and authentic sound design. Everything from the distant pops of enemy fire, an AKM expounding virtue on full auto, to the sharp supersonic snaps of incoming fire are all superbly realised and serve to enhance immeasurably Insurgency's gritty portrayal of close combat.Insurgency's battles rage accross an impressive range of extremely well designed maps encompassing tense urban engagements with nerve-shredding ranged firefights accross a variety of diverse topographies. From the dusty streets of a middle-eastern hillside town, to the frozen wastes of an afghan mountain village, Insurgency's maps each carry a distinct, authentic atmosphere and are at once immediately engaging. Multiple routes to objectives create ample opportunity for tactical flexibility while multi-levelled buildings and high mountain peaks present three-dimensional battlefields where keepng an eye on a window overlooking an alley might just save your life. Each of the maps are further enhanced by night-time variants where the tension reaches new heights as players equip nightvision, flashlights, smoke grenades and flares in an effort to keep the darkness at bay.Insurgency comes bundled with a variety of different game modes from those centred around the traditional seizure of map zones and the destruction of weapon caches, to the more novel VIP escort missions and intelligence retrieval (Insurgency's take on capture the flag) where teamwork and communication becomes increasingly paramount. Cooperative mode sees players securing successive objectives while facing an extremely skilled AI opposition with frighteningly swift trigger fingers and a seemigly unhealthy appetite for RPGs.Insurgency deftly avoids a politically charged narrative in the depiction of its principal adversaries who are known only as Security and Insurgents. The precise identity of these groups and their motivations are at best left up to the player's imagination and at worst, a casual irrelevence. The injection of a welcome touch of dark humour (and strong language) in the game's impressive voice acting seems to remind the player of the game's true intent as foremostly an entertainment piece. The focus here is not on white-knickle realism but rather on creating a fair and brutal sense of authenticism. While material penetration and surpression effects are present, one should not expect to find an accurate ballistics model or any semblance of a functioning wounding system. The ommission of such features is due in part to engine limitations and the remainder to conscious decisions surrounding game design. Insurgency is purposefully not a military simulator and arguably emerges a far better title as a result.Insurgency is heartily recommended to fans of the tactical shooter genre and those looking for a fresh and lethal take on squad based infantry combat. Fans of more robust military simulators might all to easily find this title a guilty pleasure and one no less intense or satisfying, while other fans may find their loyalties to more established franchies severely tested.New World Interactive, a relatively small team of developers, have actively and continually supported, updated and refined Insurgency, all the while remaining engaged with a growing and passionate player community. This level of dedication and fidelity is to be highly commended especially during a time of notable ambivalence by their larger AAA peers and this hard work and resolve readily shines through in the quality and polish of the title.Insurgency's greatest strength remains its presentation and execution of core gameplay mechanics which culminate in the creation of a fast paced, nerve-shredding competitive combat experience where each and every encounter with the enemy is brief, terrifying and always lethal."
,Recommended,222880,22398745,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,TheGhost,Good GraphicsGood fightReal BattlefieldEvey bullet count1 Bullet you die!Recommended 100%Allah akbar
,Recommended,222880,16232372,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Nyssril,"Insurgency. Without a single doubt in my mind this is one of the best purchases I have ever made on Steam. This game is the definition of a gritty, hardcore, and realistic shooter. It can have it's ups and downs, bugs and etc, however this game is amazing and I truly mean it. If you've ever played games such as ARMA or CS:GO and enjoyed them then you will undoubtfully love this game. Not only is the gameplay a key role to a great game, but so is the community. You may be saying ""What community? All I hear is a bunch of idiots yelling allah akbar!"", this may be true, but what I mean by community is the developers. It isn't very uncommon for me to run into the developers while in game. In fact I have played with Mikee on his stream on multiple occasions. The fact that they are so close to the players that you can touch them is amazing. If you were ever to watch Mikee stream (every saturday at 3PM EST) you would get the sense of close knit communtity I feel whenever playing. The developers in a whole are very open to suggestion in the community and know exactly what it takes to make a gritty and hardcore FPS.Pros:- Hardcore and gritty gameplay.- Immersive gameplay.- Fantastic voice acting and weapon sounds in general.- Strategic planning can be easily made with the right team of players.- Great content within the community workshop.- It feels like it's own game, not some copy of another FPS. This is a true original.- Challenging gameplay whether it is on co-op or PvP.- Realistic recoil on larger assualt rifles.- Ethusiastic developement.Cons:- As of late there has been some bugs related to hit detection. However I've only came across this issue in co-op so far.- The shout wheel can be some what hard to maneuver when moving around/firing a gun.- Many, many players constantly yell ""Allha akbar"", ""Snack bar"", etc. If you don't like it when people ruin the immersion as such, you may want to mute them.- Competitive mode is practically empty, sadly. It is extremely hard to find a competitive game which is full.- As of now there is no actual ranking system for competitive, but this is understandable since competitive is relatively new.- The lower difficulty for AI in co-op can be slightly mentally deficient, however the higher levels of AI can see through smoke and blow your head off. This isn't overly common, but it does happen.Conclusion:I can recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a unique and hardcore take on the FPS genre. I have very much enjoyed this game, myself and I hope to put many more hours into it as the game develops and grows in the forseeable future. If you have been contemplating buying this game and my review has pointed out qualities you want in a game then now is the time to buy it."
,Recommended,222880,25373591,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Carlisle Conway,"In comparison to another famous tactical terrorist-vs-counter-terrorists shooter...Insurgency has...-MUCH more tactical gameplay-Community ten times better, with people that actually want to win the game-No Harambe,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the Illuminati and other ""dank"" memes-No crap skins, traders, scammers, and people inspecting their knife to look cool.-Interesting game modes that take a bit of thought to understand.-Mic spammers? Occasionally, but you can only hear them when they're up close, which is great.-The Sterling Submachine gun. I mean c'mon. How can you not buy a game with the Sterling?Overall, Insurgency is an amazing game, and is a breath of life in comparison to other mil-shooters of today. And, it is amazingly cheap for its quality.Great game, and I'm looking forward to buying Day of Infamy."
,Recommended,222880,23849000,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,127862,"1 > Met a guy named Sqwuark Sqwuark ma ♥♥♥♥♥2 > Spawns3 > Screamed Allahu Akbar4 > Used an AK-47 no attachments5 > Dies the second you cross the street6 > Respawns7 > Repeat Steps 2-6- Really good game, Better than CS:GO ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198069376189,Recommended,222880,33836730,Posted: 27 July,all,[AHU] Joviz,"Insurgency is one of the most realistic FPS I have played. I love the realism in it, as well as the amount of time it takes to get even remotely decent at it. If you are looking for a game that includes teamwork, while you can also laugh every time your entire team is wiped out by a ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ RPG!"", then this the game for you. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,222880,13889572,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,magkhurrabiqbeeziks,"There I was, aiming down the scope. I wanted so badly to not pull that trigger, but the temptation grew and grew as the scope aimed closer to the last enemie's forehead. I didn't want to do it. He has family members back at home, he was only here because he had to. I aimed out, only to hear ""ALOHA SNACKBAR ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" as a psycho frendlie ran at the enemy weilding an M1911 and headshot the enemy.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,22782479,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,xtragummy,Most realistic and fun indie shooter I've played. Less bulky than ARMA but not as realistic. More realistic and thoughtful than Battlefield 3/4 but not as cool-arcadey.
,Recommended,222880,21042531,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Large Red Cunt,">Be on insurgent forces>Spamming ""negative"" while my teamates are shouting Allah Ackbar>Teammate sees this as an insult to Allah>Everyone screams that I am an infidel>Entire team guns me down>Allah is pleased10/10"
76561197981625158,Recommended,222880,8727873,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,CrossTrain,"If you remember the days of real tactical game play in a FPS. For those that are like me, I miss the days when you could play a genuine game where the words tactical amd realism fit nicely together. Well, wait no more. THIS game has it. I only have a few hours in, but it doesn't take long to realize the potential and the core game feel to Insurgency. If you remember the days of great TR play then get this game! You will NOT regret it. I look forward to MANY hours in this game."
,Recommended,222880,12519329,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Deemize,"The amount of tactics/counter tactics and thinking on your feet needed in this game to not get squashed like a bug really separates it from any other FPS I’ve played. It makes for interesting gameplay every time, mix that with the ingame voicechat that enemy’s can hear when you are close really gets your heart pumping.This game really hits the sweet spot of first person shooters, not to wide open like Arma or battlefield and not to close quarters like CoD, but still offering both sides of that gameplay with long alleyways for snipers and close building for the sub machine gun enthusiasts.9/11 would kill insurgent scum again.Re-Review at 200 hoursStill going strong and loving every part of this game.Great to see this game number 30 of steams top 100 most played games.I felt bad about getting this much gameplay out of a $15 game, i have now purchased the game over 22 times and given they keys away to the community.Great job Devsre-re-review at 300 hours. Ageing like a fine wine, loving every second.just cracked 400 hours and still playing everyday :)."
76561198118584930,Recommended,222880,15046563,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,The Cancerous Spirit,"like killing insurgents? check.like killing US soldiers? check.like suicide bombing even though its looked down upon by your teammates? check.like realistic combat? check.like wasting hours of time pretending that youre a soldier? check.if you like those things, then buy the game already.10/10 would run into an open field while getting shot at, and giving no ♥♥♥♥s while feeling like rambo on steroids again."
,Recommended,222880,12799844,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,KazooiE,One of the most realistic FPS I've ever played.
,Recommended,222880,19528084,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Whiskeybits,allows me to remove many forms of kebabgood game
,Recommended,222880,24105783,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ｓｔｒｉｆｅ 幽霊,"I believe Insurgency delivers on what it promises. A fast paced, first-person tactial shooter.The guns are great, they feel very realistic and satisfying when you use them, The game visuals are really impressive for a game running on the source engine, The community is great,as they accept new players unlike *Cough* CSGO *Cough* , and heaps of gamemodes and maps that will keep you hooked on the game for hours on end.So basically, if you enjoy tactial FPS games that requires skill like Battlefield, i can definitely assure you will like this game."
76561197976948348,Not Recommended,222880,29793057,Posted: 8 February,all,zof,"Great game for some quick multiplayer shooter fun, too bad they ruined it by requiring some shady third party anti cheat that wants to install kernel level drivers on your system from a recent update.328 hours on record and I will be requesting a refund due to the terms of me buying this game never involved an intrusive 3rd party anti cheat. Too bad I will miss the game."
,Recommended,222880,32884274,Posted: 27 June,all,OGefr. Reiser,"Insurgency is a very realistic FPS that allows you to play as the Security Forces or as the Insurgents.It has Co-op mode and multiplayer, it also have solo.The graphics are good.The gameplay is realistic and amazing, I enjoyed playing co-op more than MP. Its fun to play with a good team while speaking to each other and using different tactics to take out your enemy.You can apply attachments to your weapons (flashlight, sights, ..etc).It has alot of mods (workshop) and custom sounds that make the game even better.I recommend you to buy it, you wont regret it :D"
,Recommended,222880,33170453,Posted: 2 July,all,MysticScythe,"Insurgency is a great tactical FPS which breaks the standards of modern FPS standards today. Here is my quick rundown of what is good/bad about Insurgency and why you should/shouldn't buy it:What's so great about Insurgency?Gameplay is tense and immersive.The gameplay within Insurgency focuses on allowing the player to have total control whilst enforcing the challenge of realsim, unlike many other FPS over the past few years. With the lack of HUD and many different customisation options for bots, gamemodes and servers, the game forces players to be adaptive to the situation and surroundings.Gunplay is really fun.The guns in this game are meaty and solid. Each player can choose different guns based on their class and playstyle. Many of the guns have different firemodes and multiple attachments, allowing players to further customise their weapon and find what makes the game flow for them. The guns don't feel like they've just come out of a 3D printer, but feel like actual guns that the military would use.Multiplayer modes and co-operative modes are both challenging.This game features not only multiplayer PvP gamemodes (which would already feature the challenge of playing against humans), but also features a co-operative mode which is highly customisable and can feature relentless waves of bots armed to the teeth with weaponry. Both modes are fun and challenging, and are even better with friends.Absolutely NO pay-to-win content or micro-transactions. Also mod support!No cases, no supply drops, no CoD Points, no CS:GO keys, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I know, a one-time purchase game is usually a pipe dream, but it's true. The game even support mods and allows servers with custom content. These servers can be really fun when you just want to run around with a maxed-out weapon that would be really stupid to use in most other servers.Surely there has to be something wrong with Insurgency?Lack of singleplayer modes.Unfortunately, the first installment of Insurgency does not feature any great singleplayer modes. You can choose to play offline with bots, but it still requires online access to play. This game has a multiplayer focus, which many games have today, so unfortunately for those with a slow internet connection, this may not be the game for you. I am however very excited for the second installment of Insurgency, where a singleplayer campaign has been announced.The community is not large.Although the community is very tight and very passionate about the game, it is not a large fanbase, meaning that finding a stable server in your region with more than a couple of players is sometimes very difficult. If you wish to play this with a lot of people at once, setting up a local server may be your best bet.This game is not for the casual gamer.This game has a huge focus on hardcore gameplay, forcing players to focus immensely on noises, team communication, and their own ammo count. This means that most of the time, playing this game for a quick couple of minutes, just to relax is usually not an option unless you are a master of the game. If you're looking for a more casual FPS, this isn't it.So, should I buy Insurgency?Absolutely!This game is fun and doesn't have any pay-to-win or micro-transaction ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. What more could you ask for. As I've said, challenging, fun and great for this price. If you decide not to buy Insurgency simply because Insurgency: Sandstorm could be out soon, then this is understandable, but you would be missing out on a great game. To any casual gamers out there, just remember: Insurgency requires a little more brainpower than usual."
,Recommended,222880,29861837,Posted: 11 February,all,PurpleJeZeus,"For those concerned with Battle Eye, don't believe the plebs who know nothing about it. Games that use Battle Eye are as follows: ARMA 2 and 3, Rainbow Six Siege, H1Z1, Ark Survival Evolved, DAYZ,  Unturned, Conan Exiles, Project Argo, Planetside 2, Line of Sight, Survarium, and The Isle.In my experience with ARMA 2 and 3, Planetside 2 and Insurgency, not once has Battle Eye EVER been an issue.One of my all time favorite games. If you want an exciting, realistic and beautiful infantry combat game, Insurgency is the best there is."
,Recommended,222880,8853698,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,BarbieQ＞售双子星&冠军衣,"when i log in this game,alot of friends asked me ""hey barbie is this game funny?"" well ,i tell you very responsibly:this game is good and i think i cost 13.49usd its worth :)  i played alot fps games ,insurgency is special,it like a real battlefield,simple operation,only one problem is ""severs"" i with my friends played on  10severs today, severs crashed again and again or shut down ,,hope can be fix in future.BTW, im a girl but i love fps game,make me so exciting,even though  im not good at shoot ,lol,whatever O(∩_∩)O----------------------當我剛登陸進遊戲的時候就有很多朋友問我這個遊戲好玩兒麼？我現在可以很負責的告訴大家，這個遊戲很好，花了13.49刀是值得的，像這種射擊類遊戲玩兒過好多了，但是這一款做的非常真實而且也沒有複雜的操作與文字說明，唯一一個問題就是服務器，太坑姐了，今天我們幾個朋友一起玩換了差不多10個服務器，要麼就是遇到服務器崩潰要麼就是直接關閉了，希望以後可以改進下服務器的穩定性吧。"
,Recommended,222880,32408693,Posted: 14 June,all,oLii,"I really like it, it is trying to be very realistic, since you dont have a minimap, or a specific indication how much bullets you have left in your magazine, you only know the amount of magazines you have, there is also no crosshair, so playing with your sights and scopes is almost a must. On top of that the gameplay feels very smooth and authentic, it feels also pretty balanced, so no team has an advantage in any way. Sniping in the darkness is a lof of fun in my opinion. As well do you have to be strategic and work with your team to win, or at least that's how it is in most of the cases. I dont know why, but it really gives like a realistic war feeling to me, i feel like in a real war when im playing this, trying to work something out, making plans how to push, where to camp, and if i get attacked i feel like taking cover immediately, because there is no particular weapon stronger than an other, which really is great. You can for example buy more armor but that's gonna cost you more of your limited itempoints you have, so you really gotta look how you're gonna equip yourself. I really recommend it to anyone who feels like playing a shooter that really brings a realistic feeling to it."
,Recommended,222880,20236534,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,SheppySpecial,"* Joined a Buhriz hardcore coop.* Choosed the Support class.* Right off the bat we take fire.* Everyone dies, I run for B.* There's fire everywhere, I can't see through the dust.* My M249 SAW takes four of them down, but they're everywhere.* Everyone cheers me on.* I run some more.* I make it to B.* I hold it off.* I captured B.* The team respawns.* I did it, we're gonna win!* I hear ""RPG! RPG! Heads down!""* Everyone gets blown up by an RPG.* We lose.* Defeat.* Game over.RPG/10 This sums up Insurgency."
,Recommended,222880,35059673,Posted: 19 September,all,[14A]Shadow,better than cs go !
,Recommended,222880,25905074,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Mai,"*match starts, playing as insurgents*guy on my team: ""allahu akbar we will kill the american scums""other guy: ""roger allahu akbar brother""other guy: ""by allah himself we will kill them""10/10 realism"
,Recommended,222880,16652361,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,M I A M I,-Spawn in-join insurgents-Hear teammates yell Alluah Akbar-round starts-team shoots up in the air-guy yells allauh akbar then suddenly blows up-loses match10/10
,Recommended,222880,25308793,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Shakar,"Insurgency is a nice tactical action game and feels like a combination of Rainbow Six 3 and Delta Force Black Hawk Down.I only played the coop part of the game until yet to get familiar to the maps and it is a very fun game.8 player squad conquering, destroying objectives, fighting, defending, very good designed maps, this game is like wine, it got really good by time.Pro:The M16A4 assault rifleGreat GraphicsMany People online (about 2.500)All maps are playable coop and versusCon:No cooperative campaign like in the SWAT seriesNot so many different weaponsRating 9/10"
,Recommended,222880,31983771,Posted: 26 May,all,✪ SSH3RIFF,Insurgency shouldn't get compared with cod or bf totally diffrent game
,Recommended,222880,24040813,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,[DGR] King Tiger,1- Map is Falluja (in iraq)2- u will find on the walls words like تحيا تونس (long live Tunisia) on Falluja3- u will find tank and this tank u will find a palastine flag on it (on Falluja)haha nice
,Recommended,222880,33746994,Posted: 23 July,all,Lucentail-,"There are a lot of players yet it feels so underrated. Realistic is an overused term for this game because it is. Enemis are down by just 2-3 shots. No hit feedback, no kill feed (depending on the server),no crossshair, no health meter, NOT EVEN AN AMMO COUNTER LOL and no kill cam so you have no idea where you got shot and where it came from and by the time you respawn you hope you don't get the same fate. It has no radar/mini map so it requires your 100% concentration to know if an enemy is nearby. It actually feels like you're in the battlefield, just you and your instincts.Funny community, if I had a dollar every time someone says ""allahu akbar"" I'd be filthy rich. Don't be afraid to camp a lot because you'll be needing it.You can turn any rifles to a sniper and frags actully hurts your ears lmao ne of the best fps game I've ever played hands down"
,Recommended,222880,30116107,Posted: 23 February,all,Sid,"Best ♥♥♥♥ing shooter on the steam market.  Unless you're a 12 year old who thinks COD is a good shooter game. If so, stay at cod, don't come here please.."
76561198020904562,Recommended,222880,23948832,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DaBaX,"Only played it for around 30 minutes, just bought it, but one thing is already pretty clear:-This game is everything i've been wanting from a tactical shooter for the last 10 years"
,Recommended,222880,23289769,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Rahul_t12,"I never played csgo or any source engine based games, so to start off from being a total noob to close combat tactical shooter is pretty hard but once you are ingame like aroung 2-3 hrs you can get your way into the game by knowing that you cannot run and jump from place to place without being shot and tactics play a huge role in this game as you have to try and be cool for most part than rushing to get killed than killing someone . This game feels real and its real because you die if you are spotted and you haven't spotted your enemy, just a good shot is enough to kill someone but the precision is not that easy compared to battlefield and the same goes the otherway.The mechanics in this game are good for close combat shooter and game port is simply amazing, i broke my gpu recently and thought i could play a game but this game runs at 50-60fps on 720p at a decent med-high setting on integrated intel hd graphics. The cons in the game are not that big deal, but i felt that they had to be the distance shooting without any sniper where you cant find whether you actually killed an enemy as there is no popup on screen and you can only guess by the blood when the shots are fired on enemy and the respawn takes time as the whole wave is respawed at a time. Overall i would recommend to buy game pack for you and your friend if you want to suffer for abit if you are new to close combat and learn how to play the game that is much closer to realty."
76561198006595067,Recommended,222880,18737687,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,TexasTig1096,"As Tom Clancy's name is being drug through the modern shooter mud and developers have all but forgotten the golden days of ""tactical shooters"", Insurgency provides us with a prime combination of better AI and slicker graphics without sacrificing game play. Insurgency has the best elements of old school Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six combined with smoother graphics and movement. Insurgency is a little more forgiving than true realism sims like Arma or Red Orchestra, but it does so to help you stay engaged and keep you from becoming overly frustrated. One shot can kill, ammo is limited, and you can only carry one long gun along with other weight and burden restrictions. This keeps every player from turning into Rambo and the game from becoming another spray and pray trifle, yet cuts down on the learning curve of different weapons and keeps you on the front line of the action with the other players. At no time do I feel like the game is over dramatic or being sold to the Jerry Bruckheimer crowd.Weapons are, for the most part, based on modern military technology carbines and rifles and the standard fare rebel AK-47. Movement and holding down automatic fire can throw off your aim, while moving more slowly and sighting in on a target will give you endless satisfying headshots and center mass impacts. Scopes and grips can be swapped out, different magazines provide different ammo options, and frags, flashbangs, and molotov cocktails give you an edge without overpowering the rest of the map. Weapons are balanced well and play and sound realistic. I do wish they could factor bullet drop, especially for the bland sniping, but I realize that's an entirely different level of programming.The cooperative maps are more linear than Arma but you don't feel funnelled or stuck on rails like a typical action map. Most coop missions are limited to seizing waypoints or hunting enemies in the dark but it has yet to get old for me. There's no single player story per se but the fan base for Insurgency is generally more mature and coop games make for quick, fun missions. The AI does a good job of flanking and even uses grenades and fire bombs effectively, but they do periodically turn blind or run the wrong way. PvP maps are wide open with tons of hiding spots, tight corners, choke points, and high and low points to gain an advantage on your enemies. Either way, this is not a run and gun game, and the gogogo crowd is usually the first to say the game is bugged then rage quit because they couldn't hit anything at full auto while sprinting. Crouch, move, think, shoot. Developers release new maps and new weapons at times and some of the fan base have produced custom maps as well, keeping the game fresh.The graphics are pretty standard for a non-mainstream game. Shading is limited, textures repeat, and explosive effects are minimal, but the animations are fluid and when a real fire fight gets going, it's easy to become immersed. The smooth textures make distance shots easier as you can actually see your target rather than a blob of pixels in other games. Insurgency should play easy on mid-range computers as, even with a maximum amount of bots or players on the screen, my aging PC doesn't seem to have any issues. It's stable too, as I've nevery had a crash that I recall outside of a custom map not loading at the beginning.If you love combat simulators over standard first-person shooters, why are you not playing this game? It's not the most challenging and compared to Arma it feels ""casual"", but the challenge is more than satisfying in that you have to think while you play. Give it a shot and don't forget to duck."
,Recommended,222880,32084855,Posted: 31 May,all,Mr.RamiroZ,"In general, even during the release of this game, in the distant 2014, I very much zarila on it. But I always thought that this game, it's something like CS, battles, etc. (Krch this kind of FPS). After downloading this game, I realized how wrong I was. Here you can not just get out with the clever AK-74 with a silencer and a sight loaded with ears and grenades, and start the whole server's meat grinder, enjoying the cries of opponents and chatting in the chat. No matter how it is. In the first minutes of the game you expect an infinite arrival of lead in the head and body. Instead of a steep bend, you will feel pain and suffering, you will want to destroy your computer.Since there are many advantages, I will describe only a few:-1-2 shots and the enemy is already in another world. At night, without a PNV or a flashlight, you will not see anything. The sound of footsteps. Fire itself, so before you shoot, you need to make sure of your own or someone else's.-Teamwork. In Insurgency without tactics, the chances of winning are minimal.-In the game there is no in-game currency, at the beginning of the battle each player is given the same number of points, and he himself ""tunes"" the weapon for himself.""A real war."" The game takes place during the war in Iraq.-Heaches from ""Ololo rusha"". Knowing that death awaits you everywhere, everyone moves secretly, tactfully (there are exceptions), using a flurry or smoke.-modification. You can put on weapons of different modules: flashlight, LCU, sights, pens, podstvolniki, etc.-Fun. Playing for the rebels, people begin to behave like Taliban, shouting to Alak AkbarThe minuses in this game are also present, but they are not so significant that they can not be noticed in this game:-Much weapons. I would like more.- Impossibility to cause artillery fire, aviation support (at least, mortars and helicopters class ""Black Hawk"" or ""Apache"")- Relatively small maps and the impossibility of destroying buildings- Stupid AI.Summing up Insurgency is above all a team tactical shooter, in which it decides not for stupid assault, but for precision, attentiveness, dexterity, secrecy, instant reaction. As for accuracy, here it should be in everything, in the choice of position, driving, surveying and assessing the terrain, otherwise you are dead!ARMA + Counter Strike = Insurgency 9/10"
76561198202476685,Recommended,222880,34127418,Posted: 9 August,all,AustinXKiwi💠,What can i say this game is Tactical and fun. Would say its very milsm and you can enjoy Tactical Bacon while playing this game. Also it has very good mod support!
,Recommended,222880,23502488,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,csgo-skins.com,Children play COD & CS:GOBoys play BattlefieldMen play ArmAReal Soldiers play Insurgency10/10
,Recommended,222880,11339914,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,mrbuntyking,"Updated Review (after 280+ hours of play):If you enjoyhardcore, tactical multiplayer experiencesintertwined with astrong, friendly community,then Insurgency is for you. You will die, and you will die again, but when you learn the ins and outs the rewards will be plenty.Seriously, this game is worth every penny at full price, so much so that you're practically robbing the developers when you get it at discount (and it gets discounted often). It's insane that the game costs a quarter of the price of most franchise shooters yet gets way more love and attention from its developers; they're not selling you a game in the hopes of turning maximum profitability before moving on to a newer, flashier title; they're selling you an investment, an experience that you will carry with you every single time you touch any other tactical shooter.Oh, and they update this game.Regularly.PROS:INTENSE REALISM:- Damage done is based on round-type; different weapons utilize different calibers of ammunition, though you are given the choice of utilizing armor piercing rounds or hollow point rounds for any given weapon;- your character will tire after sprinting for longer distances, resulting in increased weapon sway until he's had enough time to catch his breath;- you need to confirm your own kills as there are no hit markers (however, competitive servers do have kill confirm);- there is a supression system in place and your screen will start to blur when fire from critical angles;- the ability to drop into prone, or slide if previously sprinting;- some nice particle effects when firing at a wall or someone taking cover; the impact of the shots will kick up dirt, which can then be used as an impromptu smoke screen to either run away or move in on the target;- player models react to where they were last shot when being killed, changing the trajectory of their ragdoll;- don't stand behind a dude firing an RPG,you will die!AWESOME AUDIO:- The realism doesn't end at gameplay mechanics, shootouts are audibly intense;- weapon sounds are varied;- indoor/outdoor sounds are realistic.GREAT MAPS:- Since purchasing this game in 2014, they've added quite a few content updates which include a few great maps;- the core maps are mostly balanced and wonderful to play on;- if maps aren't balanced, the devs usually rebalance them in updates.THE DEVS:- These guys give a ♥♥♥♥;- they release regular updates to address issues, rebalancing or just provide us more free content (at this point I would pay for more content, because I love them).GREAT COMMUNITY:- For the most part, love the game and love to play tactically; I usually find myself on servers where the team is communicating effectively;- some really funny people on this game, just down to have a good time;- trolls are dealt with fairly quickly.FREE CONTENT UPDATES:- As alluded to earlier, since buying it during the summer of 2014, I've lost count to the amount of FREE content updates the game has received.CONS:PUSH:- I'm probably alone in this, but I'm rarely excited when playing Push; the objectives don't allow for a wider range of tactical movement and it encourages lazy play from the defenders, while encouraging relentless balls to the wall stupidity from the attackers.UI:- The UI in the vote menus could definitely use a bit of a UX upgrade;- at the moment, you can't have preset loadouts for the classes presented in the game; this would be a nice feature to have.Summary:If you got this far, don't be an idiot... buy this game."
76561198048636485,Recommended,222880,11739011,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Captain Cumbeard,This is my new America's Army.
,Recommended,222880,23460226,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Cpt. David,"It gave me an irrational fear of rocket propelled grenades, and the particular weapon that fires them (RPG-7). I am now seeing a therapist for treatment."
76561197995591812,Recommended,222880,12417721,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,kyle_42,"Decent gameplay, updates constantly add content, one of the best tactical fps games."
,Recommended,222880,26303854,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,User_name.problems,"imagine COD but better, no think of this as what COD should be. All of the gamemodes are fun and have had lots of effort put into them.  well all of the ones i have played. of all of the modes i have played i have enjoyed every one. i think this game is amazing already and i haven't even got into it properly yet. this was a nice suprise since it has been sitting in my library for ages from when i got it on sale for !!!!!!£1!!!!!!. definitely a good purchase i encourage anyone to try this game. another thing is there doesn't seem to be any maps that always get picked from what i have seen (so far) unlike other games... *cough* CS:GO *cough* *cough* dust 2*cough*. the game also looks great. i think this even though i play on low because my computer is a bunch of vegetables in a cardboard box wired up to an old dell monitor (Dell E178WFP its around £27 on amazon) with a just as old dell keyboard (Dell SK 8125, its £4 on amazon!). that may be either because i have never played a game with better graphics than that or that they are actually pretty good. i want to be able to play on high really badly. :D"
76561198093775836,Recommended,222880,20053216,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ZXD_SHO-SHIN,"I have around 200 hours in Insurgency, which is by far my favorite 'realistic' FPS game.INS simply, has it all. (for what it is).It runs great, it's brutal, nice graphics, everything works (it hardly ever bugs out).CoOp and PVP modes are both great, there's a  decent , large community playing.The gun play is outstanding.In terms of negative points, smoke and AI needs work, snipers will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off and well, thats about it.Team work really pays off in this game, I like the fact it's limited in option's as it allows tactics to be deployed and for players to get better.Finally, it makes me jump alot and the suppression effect is fantastic."
76561198027776133,Recommended,222880,9644342,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,[dR] Trumpetmonkey,"Best FPS I hav eplayed in years: I am 260+ hours into this game now since January 22nd - so yeah, I fricken love it!"
,Recommended,222880,31091750,Posted: 11 April,all,Shankara106,"First game in  a long time that I really enjoy.I often find myself not having fun in games like BF1, Siege etc (Triple A multiplayer shooters)however, I feel I fit right at home playing Insurgency. I can take my time, I can camp and strategy pays off while playing this game.It's realistic meaning you cant rush-spray and pray for insta-win, you need to take time developing your strategic positioning on map, you need to know bottlenecks and areas / passages of high importance for the game's objectives (and camp there ;) ) and there is minimal HUD (no crosshairs, remaining bullets left in clip, sometimes no kill feed so you dont know if you just made a kill or if he's still out to get you).You can also play night maps where you rely on nightvision, however, in bright spots of the map nightvision works to your detriment.The guns also feel good. When ADS all guns sway, people die in a few shots depending on the gun compared to other games where it takes a whole clip to kill someone, which adds to the realism, and each gun is highly customizable in terms of attachments depending on what you want to do each game. You can also choose how much armor you want to wear, how many grenades; which types of grenades; etc.It's not an expensive game and it's given be far more entertainment than what $10 would have gotten me in any other multiplayer FPS game."
,Recommended,222880,30209898,Posted: 26 February,all,Volt,"InsurgencyInsurgency is a team based military shooter designed to be fun and realistic in a current era. This started as a realism mod for HL2 and turned into a standalone retail project.GameplayExpect a hardcore gaming experience. That means no crosshair in the center of your screen and realistic feeling weapons.  Unfortunately there is no bullet drop.  Where you aim is where it lands. However this is a fps and as far as realistic feeling fps go, this is one of the best out there.GraphicsThis game does look dated and for a good reason, it is developed on the source engine.  The game delivers a satisfying experience most of the time. This is no AAA title nor is it next gen graphics. It would be nice if New World could have produced the quality of modifications to the engine that Respawn did for Titanfall but that takes a lot of money and this was an Indie project. But lets be honest here, Valve's CS-GO doesn't even look close to Titanfall and you have to wonder why?ConclusionThis is a great game for the budget price if you enjoy realistic combat experiences."
76561198022629274,Recommended,222880,12534393,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Writer,Probably the most realistic and hardcore multiplayere fps you can find. Totally worth it. Also the community rocks!
,Recommended,222880,7758869,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Wafflecopter,"this game is great! even though it is in alpha it really isnt.  the graphics, gameplay is fantastic.  I have yet to play a game where everyone is seriously working together to complete objectives.  The maps are really great no map feels unbalanced and the game modes are fun and intense.  This game has a ton of HOLY CRAP moments such as watching your teammate get shot down try to sprint and slide to cover, when your pin down your vision is reduced to nothing, or when your about to go cap a point and C4 explodes infront of you or a building is cleared out with C4.  Guns have a great feel to the point where hip firing feels so good and accurate.  $20 for this game is fair I would say about 8 game modes, 8 maps just dont expect a ton of full servers.  As of now there are always 2 servers that have 24-30 players each and several co-op servers that are always full."
76561198035348345,Recommended,222880,10922649,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,=BB= Pudfark,"Insurgency is the best Tactical FPS on the market.Don't let the low price fool you into thinking otherwise.If you try to ""play it"" like a game, you'll get spanked.To succeed in Insurgency requires cooperation and communication with your squad.Insugency separates the men from the boys.  Edit:  ""If you're not flanking them, they're flanking you"".April 3, 2016 Update:  Now, a little over two years in game and almost two thousand hours.  Started a group ""BabyBoomers"" 18 months ago.  We have a dozen folks playing from 11-70 years of age.  Collectively the group is approaching ten thousand hours of playing time.  I've never had more fun.February 18, 2017 Update:  Close to 3 thousand hours in game.  My little group is now +25 folks and total game time amongst us exceeds 15000 hours.  We run two modified Checkpoint servers.   One a 32 slot and the other a 50 slot.  This is the only game I've played in three years and likely, the next three.  Best money I've ever spent with the best folks I've ever met and now call friends and family."
,Recommended,222880,8887331,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,D e l t Δ 'SS | Bets.GG,"Good FPS, incredible war simulation with the carisma of CSGO, nice game modes and your team will need a strategy to keep it wining. 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,12917853,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,TRITACOS,I poop my pants everytime I get killed.10/10
,Recommended,222880,18632889,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Odessa ☭,"Since this game originally appeared here, it has had many changes. Over the years, I've always been a huge fan of the immersiveness that this game provides, of the realistic sounds (you can hear the echos and dinks!), and of the great community that surrounds it. Only one thing had stopped me from becoming the gamerest gamer of this game, and it was the inability to play it natively on Linux. I did run it in Wine without much trouble, but it still had some issues with the soundsystem, and in the end I opted to just dualboot for gaming purposes. About a month ago, I managed to destroy my Windows partition, and now have only Linux.For a long, long time, I would open my Steam Library and almost poop my pants whenever I saw Insurgency on the top of the list (favourite games tab). Up until today it had always been a disappointment - the Library showing all owned games as opposed to only those that run on Linux. But today... Today it happened for real. I cannot express the happiness. I checed three times to make sure it wasn't some sort of strange glitch. Now, I'm downloading the game.Thank you, devs. If it matters at all, you just made a grad student a lot happier :)"
,Recommended,222880,16585996,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Miiller,"A tactical masterpiece!While the game looks like a normal first-person-shooter at first, it has a very unique feel to it once you actually play it.A new level of immersionIf you value realism, you will love this game. Everything is built to bring an immersive feeling to the player and the game does that successfully. The weapons feel like real weapons while moving, aiming and shooting. The maps look realistic and detailed. Only the sounds are not optimal and don't feel right for some weapons. Something the developers should keep and ear on.Addictive tactical gameplayThis game is nothing like the purely action-based and fast shooters like Call of Duty, but it is also even slower and more tactical than Counter-Strike, yet faster than tactical simulators like ArmA or Americas Army, while still maintaining all tactical elements. It feels like it takes that perfect line between tactics and action and once you get used to it, it becomes really addictive. Although it may be initially frustrating for some, if they are used to fast shooters.Huge potential for skillAn important factor for competitive players: Skill really matters and can make a huge difference. Although this is a different type of skill than in games like Counter-Strike, which is heavy on aiming and hitting. The actual killing in Insurgency is not too difficult, as people die from just a few hits after they get spotted. But what the focus lies on in this game is the right positioning, movement and teamplay to actual get the advantage over your opponents. Outplaying comes more from the mind in this game.Competitiveness is rather poorDespite having all that potential for it, the game is not making much use of the competitiveness. Currently there is no real matchmaking with team balance and competitive matches. The competitive scene is pretty much not existent. The developers are rather implementing more different types of gamemodes to add versatility for casual players, which is totally fine, but they also end up splitting the playerbase too much between these modes. The game is certainly lacking something like a main mode for players to compete between each other.Those 4 points are the main ones you have to know, if you are wondering if it's worth buying the game.OverallI would definetly recommend this game for tactic fans. But if you are looking for a game which brings quick and fast paced matches, it is not the right game for you."
,Recommended,222880,31257895,Posted: 20 April,all,[KMT] NaKugKug,"This is game is totally awesome, I like the Graphics the way particles explored, I really Like it a lot, I recommend this game for those who wants infantry close combat. But I hope dev's would think adding some vehicles in this game, and make the map more larger than ever :DAll in allIt's WORTH TO BUY :)"
,Recommended,222880,19801591,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,2L LV CONFIRMED FOR SG,"idk what to write so here's my favourite chocolate cake recipeINGREDIENTS2 cups all-purpose flour2 cups sugar¾ cup unsweetened cocoa powder2 teaspoons baking powder1½ teaspoons baking soda1 teaspoon salt1 teaspoon espresso powder1 cup milk½ cup vegetable or canola oil2 eggs2 teaspoons vanilla extract1 cup boiling waterChocolate Buttercream Frosting RecipeINGREDIENTS AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR FROSTING:1½ cups butter (3 sticks), softened1 cup unsweetened cocoa5 cups confectioner’s sugar½ cup milk2 teaspoons vanilla extract½ teaspoon espresso powderINSTRUCTIONS:Add cocoa to a large bowl or bowl of stand mixer. Whisk through to remove any lumps.Cream together butter and cocoa powder until well-combined.Add sugar and milk to cocoa mixture by adding 1 cup of sugar followed by about a tablespoon of milk. After eachaddition has been combined, turn mixer onto a high speed for about a minute. Repeat until all sugar and milk have beenadded.Add vanilla extract and espresso powder and combine well.If frosting appears too dry, add more milk, a tablespoon at a time until it reaches the right consistency. If it appears towet and does not hold its form, add more confectioner’s sugar, a tablespoon at a time until it reaches the right consistency.Now back to the cakeCAKE INSTRUCTIONS:Preheat oven to 350º F. Prepare two 9-inch cake pans by spraying with baking spray or buttering and lightly flouring.For the cake:Add flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda, salt and espresso powder to a large bowl or the bowl of a standmixer. Whisk through to combine or, using your paddle attachment, stir through flour mixture until combined well.Add milk, vegetable oil, eggs, and vanilla to flour mixture and mix together on medium speed until well combined.Reduce speed and carefully add boiling water to the cake batter. Beat on high speed for about 1 minute to add air to thebatter.Distribute cake batter evenly between the two prepared cake pans. Bake for 30-35 minutes, until a toothpick or caketester inserted in the center comes out clean.Remove from the oven and allow to cool for about 10 minutes, remove from the pan and cool completely.Frost cake with Chocolate Buttercream Frosting.there u go"
76561198352870245,Recommended,222880,30845190,Posted: 30 March,all,=VEA=Rimjobs,Such realism. Much tactical. Wow.11/10 would get sniped again. Great game.
,Recommended,222880,8344791,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"One of the best competitiveSource-enginegames on the market.Played the originalInsurgencyback in 2008-09, it was a really nice mod that possessed a great tactical first-person shooter experience. Now it does look way better, and for me personally it is very important that the game now allows to customize your weapon with various attachments. I've waited for such a thing onSourcefor so long!!!Finally, I've found a game where I can go on with my M-9 Silenced pistol with LAM, and I feel totally badass, just likeSolid Snake. Pistols are more than just a sidearm here."
,Recommended,222880,22836152,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,|NOV-VD| Zer0,"Tactical realism shooter, fun with friends and I believe more fps's need to be like this. Co-op is fun."
,Recommended,222880,27725254,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,joe the epic swag man,The real CS:GO.
,Recommended,222880,12313247,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Shatush,It's one of the most realistic FPS games out there. It's competitive and fun and the AI is great. Even to a point where it doesn't seem like you're playing against bots.
76561198305597030,Recommended,222880,34827351,Posted: 8 September,all,MoshiMoshi,"10/10 Would Get Hit By An RPG and Die Instantly AgainIn all seriousness it's a great tactical shooter game and I enjoy the fanbase that takes the game like it is,a dedicated tactical gamemy pet peev however would be that they use the worst possible mics available"
76561197991601765,Recommended,222880,32065218,Posted: 30 May,all,Calcium_LV,"Many co-op and vs modes, great number of populated servers up to 32 players. Various weapons and customizations(scopes, barrels, ammo...), nice real life-looking weapon mechanics. Graphics aren't very modern, but decent and can run on most PC's and even notebooks.Advantages- if you are frustrated from multiplayer shooters like CS where u get 1shotted from nowhere, you will like this, because mechanics arent so unreal and here you have co-op where you have chance to survive much longer.Gun mechanics are great, good customisation, many game modes, maps, large playerbase.Cons- maybe graphics, but when you really get into game you dont care so much."
76561198123069391,Recommended,222880,13312428,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,☠FRIENDLYFIRE☠,GREAT GAME! Nuff said! Buy this S*** mang!
,Recommended,222880,19336068,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Kilo,"Fun, semi-hardcore shooter. Coop is a blast with friends. Voice acting is great considering it's all done by one guy."
,Recommended,222880,19702048,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,pointyy,"Perfect balance between realism and arcade shooter, great competitive scene, friendly community, get involved."
,Recommended,222880,16521148,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Frank,Like counter strike but better
,Recommended,222880,24353355,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Gwossii,"Really awesome game, and very realistic.Definitely better than the most fps games ;)"
,Recommended,222880,14548175,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Somebodyh,Community of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009279543,Recommended,222880,11986079,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Supreme Petters,"Sh*t gets so intense, your balls shrivel up into a pancake."
,Recommended,222880,9006765,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,jballou,"After playing the Source mod for a long time back when it first came out, I lost track of it as I moved to other games. This new release, while in a lot of ways less developed and mature than the mod, is surprisingly good. The old maps and weapons we remembered are gone (Can't wait till they bring back the FAL) but the new maps and weapons are brought together in a pretty slick way. It's a tight, focused tactical shooter, not for the impatient run-and-gun style players. I sometimes end up sitting in a spot for minutes at a time, watching my lane and anxiously hoping that my battle buddy upstairs is still alive and alert, only to have a frag thrown into my face and be obliterated before I even get a chance to see the enemy. For something that should be ragequit-inducing, it's actually more suspenseful and fun than one might expect, as being on the delivering end of that quick single shot that takes down an enemy from your firing position or sneakily fragging them before they react seems appreciably more rewarding, knowing that any second can bring you instant death if you're not totally on point and alert. It's not a realism game per se like the Arma series; as a combat vet I can attest that probably nobody outside tip-of-the-spear SOF units can shoot this well, let alone how bad most of the irregular forces were at actual infantry tactics and basic marksmanship. Taken less as an attempt to recreate realistic modern combat in Iraq or Afghanistan, and just as a unique gaming experience, I really enjoy it, but it does need your full attention, as looking away for a second can result in your seeing that old ""Waiting for Reinforcements"" screen until you get your next chance to get it right. I highly recommend this for anyone that liked the old Rainbow Six/Ghost Recon games from the early 2000s, and anyone looking to get into a shooter that values patience and team communication and runs at a pace different than the current BF3/MW crop of shooters."
,Recommended,222880,17142597,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,dat boi,"Clearly one of the best games i've ever played in my life.This fantastic realistic FPS is surely not for inpatient CoD/CS:GO kids, it requires much prudence, consideration, teamwork and forethought.No crosshair, no HUD, no hit indicators, no radar, no sh*t.Insurgency is an amazing tactical shooter based on teamwork, patience and skill.The game has many good features, such as an interesting system of weapon kit customization, a well-balanced multiplayer and an attractive coop with many available different playing mods.The delevelopers work hard on the game, update it regularly and give a maximum support to players and fans.Thosands of workshop mods, maps and skins allow you to customize your game as you want it to be.The game community is very huge and active, you can ask and discuss different questions and problems with nice and open people, sometimes even delevelopers participate in discussions.All weapons, mods and features are absolutely free, there's no f*cking ""pay2win"" DLC.To be honest, it takes a while to get into the game, but what did you expect from a realistic shooter?I would also mention that sniping in Insurgency is disastrously hard at the beginning, as a pretty experienced marksman I had to learn some new things and tactics from Insurgency.It's hard to mention everything but I tried my best, hope you liked this review and it helped you to make a right decision.10/10."
,Recommended,222880,31232365,Posted: 19 April,all,Lux00,Fun hardcore shooter
,Recommended,222880,13983680,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,3Tea,"And his last words were:""HEY RPG""Boom.10/10 would die again instantly after capping a point"
,Recommended,222880,10454429,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Gypsy[2i],"Do you like getting shot at? (ALOT!)Do you like bullets that do unsettlingly realistic damage? (FATALISM!)Do you like being tacticool, but not really because videogames (CHILL OUT!)Do you like ACTIONEXCITEMENT& FLASHLIGHTS?This is the game for you. Fun, fast paced and evenly balanced realism/playability. The coop is also GREAT with friendsso yeah, i highly recommend this game.P.S. Theres no campaign so dont come expecting one."
,Recommended,222880,28934018,Posted: 2 January,all,A. SANDY McGregor,Me: Any tips for this newbie?Other Guy: just shoot and die10/10 profit. would not ptfo again
,Recommended,222880,16929017,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,DarkNeX | Corsair,Pros.◘ Realistic first person shooter.◘ Depth of weapon customization.◘ Disturbing recoil.◘ Great weapon details.◘ Amazing sound overall.◘ It runs with a solid fps.◘ Has a lot of maps and mods.◘ A lot of updates throughout the month.Cons.◘ Only lacks a better ranked system.9.5/10
,Recommended,222880,19794989,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Matoro Zeliph,"No offense. But this is better than Counter Strike and Call of Duty. There isn't a lot of ""messed up"" immature players. Sometimes you get the occasional ""ahu akbar"" but yeah."
,Recommended,222880,9842156,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Solinarius,"Long have I waited for a properly made tactical shooter that I could finally enjoy as much as I did Infiltration, Red Orchestra, SMOD Tactical, and Hostile Intent. I can see myself playing this for years to come. The clunkiness that is present in most games of this genre is nowhere to be found. Animations are top notch, and I will add that they are the most important thing for inspiring immersion. The weapon handling is almost perfect. Perfect enough for its flaws to be of little consequence. I can honestly say this game has the potential to outshine every tactical shooter that currently exists.Insurgency's controls are quite simple. You've got the usuals, such as aim (iron sights), lean, prone, and sprint. Then there's the extra features that bolster the gameplay. Focus gives you extra zoom and tightens your aim a bit, but only lasts for one breath. Ducking while sprinting allows you to perform a slide. This maneuver is relatively helpful, boosting your speed briefly and allows you to dodge shots or fall into cover. Reloads can be interrupted through several means, such as double-clicking, sprinting, or jumping. Bolt-charging can be delayed by simply holding fire.There are a range of modes to play, in which, you'll most likely find one you love and stick with it. All modes, versus or coop, are objective-based which includes wide variations on capture points, cache destruction, and a single mode with a VIP. Aside from 'Occupy', the modes don't intrude on the overall experience and take varying amounts of coordiation. Occupy is the black sheep of the bunch because all strategy and tactics are more or less removed in favor of dogpiling onto the objective. Whether this is fun or not is subjective. I say nay because it contradicts the other modes, much less the 'thinking man' philosophy behind the tactical shooter genre.I've played many co-op game modes in various hardcore FPS games and Insurgency's take on it certainly holds its own. If versus is not to your liking, you can easily spend all your time in the two co-op modes, which are more than adaquate. The AI, as in most other FPS games, can have its cheap 'aimbot' moments that rob you of well-deserved success. It has many other flaws such as but not limited to: predictibility, brain-farts, superhuman senses, superhuman reflexes, etc. but the experience is nonetheless rewarding and challenging. I'm hoping for the day the AI recieves much-needed polishing that will really help the co-op modes shine.If you've played any AAA FPS for the past... ever, you'll recognize the all-too-familiar loadout system. You are allowed a certain amount of points to spend and you cannot exceed the maximum carry weight. Each weapon has various 'hard-points' to which you can add one accessory. While it's more flexible than other games that sport a similar system, you're very limited in your choices unless a given server has a higher point minimum, and points can only be obtained by accruement of game rounds.Insurgency's greatest flaws lie in its cheaply designed weapon balance. Many weapons are far too homogeneous with each other for their own good. Others are so far from what they should be andneedto be, that you wonder what the devs were thinking or why they even bothered. The M249, for instance, has the 200 round drums. The implemented disadvantages of this from both a game standpoint and a realistic standpoint are almost non-existent. This is nothing compared to the ridiculously lethal RPG weapons. They're so exagerated they may as well be hand-held nuke launchers from Starship Troopers. What hurts the most is that ballistics are non-existant in firearms. Yes, Insurgency has primitive conical hit-scan. If there's one thing that should be changed, it's this because proper ballistics would add so much to the game, it can't be stressed enough. Even the AI would be improved by consequently leveling out its cheapness at medium and long distances. While the suppression and accuracy systems partially counter-act the exploitation of hit-scan, they also introduce some measure of dice-rolling to firefights, something that absolutely does not belong in a tactical shooter. What a pitty.At the end of the day, the most important thing is that Insurgency achieves what it strove for. To give an immersive and suspenseful experience, deferring realism and authenticity when necessary to easily maintain a competitive and tactical atmosphere."
,Recommended,222880,31393659,Posted: 27 April,all,[JLG] Sydney,Arma 3 turned into a smaller scale warfareThis game is still neat-o
76561198081345141,Not Recommended,222880,29817305,Posted: 9 February,all,jimmy_neytron,"This was one of the best FPS games I had ever played and I was about to give it exceleent review. Especially multiplayer with it's different interesting modes. But after latest updated now they want you to install some BattleEye spyware crap, which I'm not going to do! I don't want my PC to get some sillyass crapware because I'm really concerned about it's quality and security. I don't know who are this people who will get full control over my computer and all of it's data. Now I want my money back. Refund please!"
76561197984510437,Recommended,222880,22609391,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TeNo,"You will hate the word ""RPG"""
,Recommended,222880,11956417,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,MsKing,Best realistic Tactical Shooter after Arma :P.....
,Recommended,222880,18145759,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Tie-Wearing Sheep,Allahu Akbar!Best ISIS soldier simulator - 11\10
,Recommended,222880,32034375,Posted: 28 May,all,MID OR FEED,"FREAKING LOVED IT !!!!!!!!THAT'S WHAT I WANTEDNO HACKERSNO AIMBOTTERSREAL WORLD SCENARIOAMAZING GRAPHICS !!!!SOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH FUNI WISH THE NO OF PEOPLE WHO PLAY COD ANS  CSGO, COULD TRY THIS GAME, THEY WILL QUIT PLAYING CSGO AND COD.I'M QUITTING CSGO, NOW CUZ ITS A  WASTE,I'M GONNA PLAY INSURGENCY FROM NOW ON.HELL YEAH BABY !!!!"
,Recommended,222880,14678795,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,The Cook,"The perfect mix of tactical, realistic FPS gameplay without bringing game pace to a crawl. Teamwork is essential for success in this game. There is next to no HUD; no map, ammo count, killfeed(depending on the server), health indicator, etc. All you are given is the objectives, time, and your magazine count shows up when you reload. Weapons sounds are some of the best that I have heard in a video game, and the guns take skill to control. If you go into this game running and gunning trying to spray everyone down, you're gonna have a bad time. This game is a must have for anyone who enjoys urban, realistic, tactical gameplay.The competitive community is fantastic. Most people are more than willing to help out newer players and teams get on their feet if they are interested in the competitive side and it feels like a real community instead of a bunch of teams trying to beat eachother. Everyone is always looking to scrim, get a pick-up game going or just chill in a pub. This game needs to be in your library if you enjoy FPS."
,Recommended,222880,24301073,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,T.w² | Dethgeer,"I would rate this game 10/10 if I could. The fact that there are no health bars and there are also night maps makes this game one of the most intense games I have ever played. You have no health so you better be fast at reacting, too. The best part is the guns in my opinion. You can create several combinations to make your gun the best for you, whether you want a flashlight or a laser sight is all up to you, just be creative. Anyway, the only advice I suggest that you do is go to solo and do the training and the most important, have fun. (Do not rage if you die, you will die a lot in this game)P.S did I mention there are VAC secured servers to reduce hacking? I found one yesterday and really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,222880,23232340,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,my Deagle is better than yours,"This game is a mix of Battlefield and arma series and trust me its good.If you like fps,tactical games with realistic guns maps this game is definitely for you.Maps are balanced,guns are balanced,with no many words the game is working great.I recommend this game"
,Recommended,222880,9043987,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Bodge,"The game has superb gunplay, the action is often rather brutal with engagements being swift. Co-op is also rather fun and has gone from being a tacked on extra to a valid game mode in it's own right. It is also worth noting that the devs are working hard on improving the game and ironing out any creases, the game has changed massively from the pre-release build and development seems to be continuing after release and heading in the right direction."
,Recommended,222880,10114008,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Chill,"With triple A shooter’s such as Call of Duty and the Battlefield series being considered the standard for an fps in the genre, Insurgency eloquently bust’s out of the mold. Insurgency takes the typical war zone and adds intensity you rarely see in other titles. Firefights are brief and terrifying and give you a thrill you are unlikely to find anywhere else.Insurgency is a military shooter that aims to be more on the realistic side of the genre. It creates a more tactical and tense gameplay experience, which might be a draw back for some people. Players will have a low damage threshold, sprinting for extended periods of time will hurt your aim unless you are given a chance to recover.Insurgency uses a somewhat standard load out system in where you pick your specialty and gear at the start of every match. With an assortment of classes that have unique guns and gadgets, there is sure to be one that fits your play style. You are given a set amount of supply points and each piece of gear costs a price. A standard M9 pistol will run you one point where as a full auto M4A1 carbine will cost you a bit more at three points.With two factions facing off it opens the game up to a nice bit of variety on each side. The security soldier’s will have reduced prices to body armor and ammo where the insurgents will have access to Molotov cocktails. The obvious difference will also be in the gun selection with AK’s and other lower tech guns on the insurgent side. While the security forces sport a burst or semi M16 and other higher end guns you would suspect.Now that you have gotten through your team selection, picked a class and loaded up on gear it’s time to really dig in. With objectives being the focal point in every match, it is important to work with your team and not run off hungry for kills. Completing and objective will yield one hundred points where a kill will only grant you ten points. There are decent amount of objective varieties, ranging from capturing points to detonating an enemy’s supply cache or even both of those examples in the same match.Each match typically starts with people rushing for choke points/hot spots or flank routes. After the first blood has been drawn groups tend to start working toward objectives. The game will either won by the last man standing or whichever team has taken the objectives. When it only takes one or two bullets to end someone people tend to take things a little slow, luckily if an objective is capped when you are dead you will respawn with the rest of the team in a reinforcement waveInsurgency all in all is a well-rounded game that brings rock solid versus multiplayer, a functional co-op game mode and tons of fun to the fps genre. Whether its heart pounding gun fights or just admiring the little things like gun smoke off of your barrel, Insurgency most likely has what you are looking for.If you finished reading all of that, I apologize if it is poorly writen, still working on my writing. Hope this helped someone purchase this amazing game."
,Recommended,222880,16323458,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,A\\ Free_Mind,"I've never played any game for more than 30 hours. My average is maybe 12 hours for a game. I'm on 800+ and still going strong – no intent to stop!This is a fantastic atmospheric game that puts you in the shoes of mercinaries and insurgents. Getting shot at is scary, going out of cover is sweat inducing and managing to pull your pistol out to kill that one dude is exciting as hell.Teamwork is key – especially with the 'hardcore' mechanics – but not an absolute necessity (it will help you win, that's for sure). As a bonus, there is a (small) competitive scene!If that doesn't take your fancy, why not play with teammates to clear out objectives one after the other of AI-controlled ennemies? Hell, if you feel like pwning some other players, why not give a shot at the many gamemodes available? At this price point, there is no way you can regret it. See ya on the battlefield!"
,Recommended,222880,418648,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,AlabasterSlim,This game is incredible.  The most intense CQB fights you can have in a video game.
,Recommended,222880,10348005,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Dvnte!,"I loveee it, tactical fps shooter, that use lots of teamwork. I really really enjoyed this game"
76561198060113070,Recommended,222880,11369731,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,V.,Awesome game!!! Not sure why it only got 7.4 on metacritic. Totally not accurate.
,Recommended,222880,12942128,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,froosh,"Insurgency is a great purchase. Solo or with friends (or a dedicated group of strangers) it offers a deep, strategic experience that is both rewarding, as well as challenging.  If you herald realism above all-else, and can stomach it’s sometimes crushing difficulty, Insurgency will keep you occupied for a very long time, indeed."
,Recommended,222880,11312817,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Daniel (Jawameat),The perfect balance between Hardcore and fun. The community is amazing and almost always helps out if you have a problem.I have spent many hours in this game with little to no lag (Most from my badish computer). The hit regisration is clean and persice and the maps are made extremely well! The AI combat is is fair but not to easy it can occasionally be more challenging than players.Edit: Still good.
,Recommended,222880,12284785,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Carbo_Addict,"Pure and Simple not much gimmick just straight up gun on gun. This doesn't try to hard to be the best shooters yet is succeds in it's simplicity. You have a few weapons for each class and few gadegets so not much there, almost any weapon kills one to two shot in the upper body so mistakes are paid for dearly. The maps are pretty large bigger than your average cod map and some are close to them , it also supports more players I believe 24. The weapons have heavy recoil so single fire is adviced or controlled burst is a must. The game focuses on objective gameplay and teamwork pays off comminication helps tons. My only gripe is with the rpg launcher it just feels cheap and overpowered other than that the game is fun and very intense since hardcore mode is always on, no hipfie crossjhair no health bar so no crutches. This is an awesome game although it will not fit the bill for all, think Arma meets COD in a way but closer to the first! this is a must play for any fps fan."
76561198008390295,Recommended,222880,8870164,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Veritas,"Stays true to 'Modern Infantry Combat' while improving on ALOT of things. SMGs, more DMRs, and a launcher for the Marines has been added, as well as options to customize your weapon to adapt to the current envionment. The attachments are all pretty cool and varied, without being so plentiful as to be overwhelming and redundant. Different ammo types have been added as well like AP rounds which allow you to more effectively cut through cover in order to hit targets hiding behind it, or hollow point rounds which can tear your target to shreds, drastically reducing your time to kill (essential in a game like Insurgency). If you've ever played a modern military shooter, I'm sure I'm not telling you anything new so I'll move on to why you should buy this game.GAMEPLAY:This game is like my ex-girlfriend; cold, brutal, and unforgiving. The weapons have ACTUAL recoil, and getting shot once in the chest with most weapons is enough to make you dead over-easy. A well placed machine gunner can decimate a whole team, getting shot behind cover is a common occurence, centering your sights on someone takes about half a second (more than enough time for you to get blasted), when you fire an unsilenced weapon EVERY ONE and their grand mother knows where to find you, and the people you're playing against will more than likely have been playing for close to a decade (seeing as how they're vets of the original mod) and will perpetually butt **** even experinced FPS players until they get it together enough to the point that they realize this isn't COD, BF, or CS.You will die A LOT. Went through a door first? Dead? Didn't stick with your team mates? Dead. Some one texted you, and you looked away for juuussst a second? Dead. And when you die, you don't just sit at a respawn screen for a few seconds and get back into the fight. You must shamefully sit there and wait until your team mates capture the next objective. Making the shame of dying pointlessly/stupidly that much worse because your team is really depending on YOU to win.AUDIO:This game sounds better than anything I've played in a long time. The ambient sound is oddly calming and serene, making it that much more jarring when the staccato of gun fire thunders all around you or the audible *WUMP-BANG* of an RPG explodes and murders your whole squad. I love playing in the mountains and camping just to hear all the different sounds going on around me (Sorry to the people I played with), or even in the city where it honestly SOUNDS like a city. Headphones are definitely recommended to enjoy this game to it's fullest.VISAULSNot the best looking game in the world, but still very pretty; especially when the settings are cranked to max. Is this the next Call of Crysis Modern Battlefield Ghosts 3 in terms of graphical fidelity? No, but it definitely holds it's own, especially when you consider this was made by a relatively small team with an even smaller budget.MAPSVaried in size, uniform in the acute attention to detail that has been payed to them so that players can have the best experience. I have a few maps that I love, more that I like, and none that I hate. Each time there's a vote for a new map, you really can't go wrong by just picking something random and going with the flow.CONCLUSIONThis game is fun and made by and indie developer to boot. The gameplay is crisp, fast, and addicting, while still maintaining it's originality and loyalty to it's fan base.The devs are STILL adding new content to the game and tweaking, so while it still has some ways to go, I can't reccomend this enough. Plus, at the time of me writing this (1/27/14) it's on SALE.If you're an INS fan; buy it. If you're a modern military shooter fan; buy it twice. Once so you can play it, and then the second time so that after you smash your computer, delete your Steam account, and swear off FPSs for the rest of your life because of getting hurt so many times, you come crawling back with your tail in between your legs and beg for more.See? Told you the game was like my ex-girl friend.9/10"
76561198054709369,Recommended,222880,15611532,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,General Wenck,"As you can see, I played and killed so many infidel so well I died and became a Martyr. 10/10 would Jihad again"
,Recommended,222880,8330853,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,<<AggrṏFɫux>>,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's like a hardcore FPS player's dream. So unforgiving very interesting game modes. Why haven't you bought it yet?
76561198084278043,Not Recommended,222880,29790669,Posted: 8 February,all,chucklethecheat,"the devs are to lazy to deal with cheaters through valve's proccess, so they introduce this battleye♥♥♥♥♥♥and ruin another half decent game."
,Recommended,222880,17254874,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Life Gives You Lemons,"Insurgency -- A source mod turned stand-alone game developed by New World Interactive.I'll start up front by saying that I never played this while it was just a mod, I've only placed since it's stand-alone release.If you're looking for a good game to play co-op with friends, or a competitive multiplayer fps look no further -- However, if you're looking for the Call of Duty style run-and-gun, halo jumping ""arcade"" style action this may not be for you.It is, as defined by it's user tags on steam, a more tactical and realistic style of FPS -- for example, a shot to centre mass of your enemy will mostly likely result in a kill with any high caliber weapon, and 1-2 shots in centre mass with any other low caliber weapon is also a kill. There is no dumping 9 rounds into someone and hoping they're dead.However, at the same time, it's not realistic to the point of having bullet drop.. the ballistics are nice and there are quite a few sound mods that increase the immersiveness as well as re-textures for weapons available from the Steam Workshop. It's also fair to say that there is a plethura of custom maps for both co-op and multiplayer game modes.TL:DR -- A great co-op game for playing with a few mates, decent ballistics, immersive sounds.. A great game for players who enjoy tactical gameplay more then arcade style'd games."
,Recommended,222880,33647220,Posted: 19 July,all,The_Silkier_SlapJaw,Definitely worth the buy. The realism and teamwork really make this game fun.
76561198052275998,Recommended,222880,12746830,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Marked One,I love it for the fact that the Hunt & Nightfall DLC is free. The devs are constantly improving and upgrading this game without charging extra. The community's brilliant & growing (most of my steam friends are from this game). This is a big middle finger to the AAA devs and even other indie devs who want to milk their existing customers instead of trying to reach out to more people with a dedicated game.
,Recommended,222880,33599231,Posted: 16 July,all,mcblyat,"Basically, Battlefield 1 and CS:GO had sex = insurgency ;)"
,Recommended,222880,20040989,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,[FX],"No issue.I like this game.After playing this game, i understood how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ counter strike global offensive is"
,Recommended,222880,25313271,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ᛟ Wōtan z💤 ᛟ,"Insurgency is the number one tactical FPS that is avaiable to both those looking to play serious games (like ARMA) and to those looking to just run around and have fun (say, Battlefield-ish).Obviously the game strikes a rather big middle ground. The game takes itself serious - and that is a good thing - and has gritty realism that is not suited for everyone. If you get shot once, you will die in most cases. At the same time the game does not make you feel like you _lost_ even when you die. It's satisfying to watch your teammates play in most of the game modes (I suggest Ambush! I love the gamemode, even when I'm dead. I can enjoy myself, laughing at my teammates and the VIP with other dead teammates.)Dying feels more like 'oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I made a mistake' rather than '♥♥♥♥ING HAX! I AM GONNA REPORT YOU!' which is rare in most competitive FPS games.The game runs well, even on my laptop, and I'm sure it's better for those with desktops. The large amount of mods available make the game fun to play, and the guns can be turned into pretty much anything.Also there's anime girls available for those that want it. It changes the graffiti around the maps to anime girls.On to the bad sides:The game still frequently deals with hackers. It's not every match, it's not even once every week, but there's definitely a lot of hacks and they don't seem to get banned. Either that or the detection system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mostly it'll rely on the enemy team realizing, and kicking, but more often than not you have to complain for multiple games in a row before they do that.The game can be frustrating at times. The inventory system is a bit unclear at times but easy enough to understand, but besides that frustration, I also frequently struggle with boredom after 1-2 rounds if I am not playing a high action, fast paced game. For some of the longer modes, the maps feel too big.The map variety is also decent, but should be bigger. You can play some of the maps once before you know all the spots, and some of the maps you can play 10x and not know all the spots. Sadly for some maps it's impossible to know all spots because the game, like Battlefield, forces you to stay in a certain area. I would understand if it was just around the enemy spawn, but it often is like half the map.However I definitely encourage you to buy this game. It's great!"
76561197971692688,Recommended,222880,10216744,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,[57th] Stilgar,"What the game successfully combines is the tension of real death CQC like the Swat series with the firefight intensity of any modern online shooter.John Wayne Cowboy tactics are death.Team communication and RWT are key.When the chips of wall are flaking away and the pings are dangerously close, your heartrate WILL increase. Then when you realize it's you yelling like a 4th grader, a smile takes over.Total noob as I just got the game, played coop for an hour and had a blast.Well worth it."
76561198063877841,Recommended,222880,33378840,Posted: 8 July,all,Bongostyles,My pizza is done in 7 minutes
,Recommended,222880,9075312,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Serise.sg,"First person shooter. Hardcore. Tactical. The only ways to make this game better isn't in the gameplay. If you play Battlefield, Modern Warfare and Counterstrike, but want a more realistic feel and more tactical shooter and isn't about runnin' and gunnin', then this game is for you. Highly recommended for hardcore players and not noobs who scream out ""Campers!"". Trust me: there's a helluva lot of camping here."
76561198065757906,Recommended,222880,9572101,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,da nice time kid,"Do you like BF Series? If yes buy it.Insurgency is a medium paced first person shooter which injects a sense of realism into the game. No crosshair, HUD is limited, Decent grenade physics( COD: ACROSS THE MAP KIL 420 BLAZE IT), realistic movement and gun physics makes the game as realistic as possible. Communicating with your team is vital to this game, no ♥♥♥♥ing call of duty run and gun♥♥♥♥♥♥but Carefully looking around corners using the lean function or sliding in while your teammates provide overwatch. All guns are balanced, such as sniper rifles may be a one hit kill, but the sway and fire rate is hard to master."
,Recommended,222880,33259045,Posted: 4 July,all,nidone,"Source enginerealityGood AIbetter graphic than CSGOWatch your team rush into bulletstorm and diemy fav part, player talks in some situation.Shxt..Shxt!Shxt?More shxt i heard when under heavy fires.RPG!DEAD"
,Recommended,222880,23918837,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ch33kiBreek1,My name is JafarI come from a farI have a bomb in my carAllahu akhbar
,Recommended,222880,8861230,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,n00bshr00m,"Old school fps that feels fresh to play. If you are bored of playing the arcade style CoD or ""maps too big"" -battlefield, and you are looking for a tactical shooter, I can't recommend this more. Team playing feels more intimate in this one. Buy it, test it, love it."
,Recommended,222880,18026004,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Onion Ninja,"This is an amazing game. I'm nearly at 400 hours so I've decided it's time for me to review this work of art.When you start, you will be very, very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. It will be frustrating and it will seem like you died for no reason. But the only reason you died is because you exposed yourself. 1 bullet is more than enough to kill. So be careful, and treat it like your own life. Start out in more public games, once you hit 30 of 50 hours, you get a good idea of the maps and you can move on to competence 5v5. That's when♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real. There are tons of teams and if you are decent at the game the community is very nice. Even if you think you know what you're doing remember that there is always, ALWAYS, something more to learn. After 370+hours I still don't know all of the little spider holes that some sneaky guy with a mosin could be hiding. If you have friends who are willing to play with you, coop is amazing. I e gotten 8 guys to go with me and it never gets old. There are tons of updates that introduce new maps and weapons or ANYTHING. There are full conversions for the game, like a Vietnam one is coming out soon. So it's like you're buying 5 games instead of one.BUY IT. It's only 15 damn dollars you foking cheapskate. Drop your silly battlefield and counter strike and play like a real man. Who needs health bars and ammo counters and no friendly fire. GET THE DAMN GAME. Also, one quick note, there seems to be a small amount of idiots who think that bullets drop like rocks. This is NOT TRUE. A real bullet does not start to drop untill around 400 meters, and even then it's drops very slowly."
,Recommended,222880,18106435,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Mr Lavender,"This game is easily, out of any game I have ever played, my all time favourite.And that's coming from a 90's kid."
,Recommended,222880,23303881,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,fillinorris,-Open steam-Saw my wishlist-Insurgency on sale-Went on my inventory-Sold 2 counter strike skins-Bought the game-Played with Insurgency team-Allauh akbar screams every 10 seconds-Joined IsisSometimes i miss my poor house in Italy10/10 would join Isis again
76561198007669436,Recommended,222880,8276221,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[D¹²] 99Z-combatNINJA,"I've been to Iraq, and let me tell you, the feel of this game goes beyond my expectations, I feel like im in a simulator when im playing this. Great job on this game guys, and thanks for providing such a badass experience."
,Recommended,222880,13858678,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Technologic,No crosshairNo Ammo CountNo health barNo problemRealistic first person shooter that I think everyone would love :D
,Recommended,222880,11888297,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,[Spec]KekWolf,"The map was Revolt, the mode was Firefight, all of my fellow Mujahideen were dead. It was up to me alone to capture an objective in order for them to respawn, so I make it to alpha. The area is full of crates, stacks of bricks and stacks of wood, but soon my Jihad senses are tingling... there is an infidel or two nearby! Armed with my MP40 with suppressor attachment, I stalk my prey, sneaking behind objects, checking my corners... until I see the infidel, but he doesn't see me. Allah has blessed me with the element of surprise, so I quickly fire my suppressed MP40, RAT TAT TAT TAT TAT!! The infidel is dead, but I haven't captured the objective yet, so there's another infidel nearby. I continue to stalk my prey... I find the other infidel, but this one sees me too... but Allah has blessed me with a quick trigger finger and I fire first, RAT TAT TAT TAT TAT!! Then I capture the objective and all my fellow Mujahideen respawn, each of their 72 virgins in heaven will have to wait.This is a most excellent FPS, probably the best multiplayer FPS I've ever played and definitely worth the money, especially considering that they add new maps, modes and weapons to the game free of charge (no microtransactions or costly DLC). The game is realistic, yet can still be fast paced. You can run and gun if you want, but nine times out of ten that will just get you killed. The sound effects, gun recoil, and damage are realistic and there's no hip fire crosshairs, so you almost always have to aim down sights to be accurate (unless you're barrel stuffing them). The only complaint I have would the be the extremely annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that like to team kill just to be trolls, but things like that happen with just about every other multiplayer game and they can always be vote kicked from the game."
,Recommended,222880,20608709,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Dom13WorstNW,This. Verdun. And Red Orchestra 2. The only 3 FPS games you need.
,Recommended,222880,13218233,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,[CHEA] bakerXderek,"One of my favorite games on steam, CHHEEAAHHH !"
,Recommended,222880,19979718,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Maxpowerammo,"This is one of the best games I have ever played! I got this game on sale for 2.50$, it's normal price is 17$, but I would have gladly payed 50$ for it. This is a fairly long review, however I've tryed to cover all major aspects of the game, please tell me in the comments if I left something out.Despite being early access there are little to no glitches and those that are present in the game are not gamebreaking.The online community is really cool, I haven't met many toxic players at all, people are willing to communicate and use teamwork to capture objectives or to advance. Teamwork, communication and strategy play a big part in this game compared to games like CoD, where everyone kind of goes to do their own thing instead of sticking together and working as a team.The graphics really aren't that bad and you won't need a 2000$ PC to run it, compared to triple A games like Battlefield and CoD.There is a cool ""squad member"" selection when picking your loadout. Example: If you choose the Support class, you will have access to big LMG's, if you pick the sniper / designated marksman class, you will have access to high power scopes, silencers and long range guns. This way, each player has a role in their team.The weight system is a great feature aswell. Equiping items like heavy armor, rocket launchers, large weapons and grenades will add more weight to you, making you move slower and get exhausted quicker. So players can choose light armor (or no armor) and light guns (or no guns) and rush objectives, or heavy armor and a big LMG to gun down an entire team with.There's also a cool ""radial menu"" where you can say several callouts if you don't own a mic. Callouts can range from requesting backup, to notifying your team of the enemy's location. The Squad Leader also has his own set of callouts that he can use to; tell the team to flank a certain direction, monitor a certain area or move to a specific location / objective.The HUD is very limited, showing literally nothing but your gun. No crosshair, no health bar, no ammo counter, no minimap, no killfeed. The only ""ammo counter"" you have shows you how many mags you have left. If you reload and your magazine still has bullets in it, it goes back to you. Therefore if you tend to reload often, you'll find yourself loading in magazines that are only half full. There IS a map that you can look at by pressing a specific key but no ""minimap"" like we have in CoD. When you get shot or hurt, the peripheral area of your vision will get blurry, that's the only way to tell when you are hit. Again refering to CoD as an example, your peripheral vision gets blurred, not your whole screen and it isn't covered in blood.If everything I've said up to now hasn't convinced you yet, here are a few smaller points that I liked about this game:- You can blind people w/ flashlights and laser attachments.- Every map has a night version of it where it gets dark...really dark. Also, NightVision Goggles :D- When you kill an enemy (or your friend gets murdered right infront of you) you can not only pickup his gun, but also any grenades that he was carrying with him.- C4, IED's (The Insurgent equivalent of C4) and rocket launchers have huge blast radius's and can even kill people who are hiding behind stuff.- Frag grenades, smoke grenades and flash grenades are actually useful. Frags have a pretty large explosion radius, flashbang's blind players for more than 2 seconds and smoke grenades create large, thick smokescreens that fog up your view if you walk into them.Final comments:At first I thought that I wouldn't like the lack of crosshair, HUD, minimap, etc, but I found it really fun. After playing a game this good I find it hard to return to other FPS games. No amount of words can describe how much fun I've had with this game.Edit: Definitely nominating this for the ""I thought it was cool before it won an award."""
,Recommended,222880,16954522,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,[FoxHound] Sonic,"""THAT IS!!!! RPG RPG!!!!!""This is one of my favurite FPS.Its amazing how makers of the game have pushed the source engine on the top!Game looks amazing and effects are epic!This games is also really hard, but if you keep yourself cool and focused on the game you survive it!I recomend this game to all the players who wants to get some realistic fps."
76561198048938022,Recommended,222880,25623927,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,VentHorror,"One word describes this game: RealismBy far the best weapon feel I have ever seen. (like arma)Weapons just feel real, they feel like you are really holding them in your hands.There is no crosshair and no random bullet spread: your bullet goes where your weapon is pointed!You have to aim down sights.One bullet kills.Sounds?  Dont get me started.Each supersonic bullet makes a bang sound as it travels over you. Otherwise known as bullet-crackSounds are so realistic that they scare you.Very live steam workshop!This game awards thinking and punishes ""rambo"" style.Close to medium quarters combat.  < than 200mNo bullet drop. (but in this map scale there wouldn't be any anyway.)"
76561198011826924,Recommended,222880,13934915,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,YoRHa Commander,A bot fired an RPG across the entire map and killed my entire team in the spawn 10/10 would get killed by heat seeking RPG again.
,Recommended,222880,19144731,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,mash,"I bought this game a day or two after its release as Early Access game because I was tired of the same old COD BS...I wanted to revive the days when I was in school and played authentic FPS that mixed fun, strategy and made me lose many hours.Just by looking at this game it reminded me of MoH:AA, COD 1 and 2 and many others back in the day that acctually we're well produced and challenging but also fun.If your a recent COD die-hard don't bother (or maybe do, try it!), this will be a tedious experience. But if you like to play team, comunicate and feel like you've acheived something this is just what you been looking for.The damage is brutal here, but remember, it is so for your opponents. If your a quick trigger you feel great when you waste someone!The devs are excelent thy update very often but never released a single payed DLC!Any new update brings a bunch of new things like maps, guns, game modes, UI improvements and bug fixes off course.10/10 period"
,Recommended,222880,20867509,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,✪ JohnnyJDM85 王将 CS.Money,"This game is just LOVE, and it is my addiction! It is well worth the price and often goes on sale, so it is very much worth the buy. The Devs are very active and update it often to make it better and to keep things fresh, plus there are many modders making great mods for it everyday. Tons of custom servers, coop and pvp, so I'm sure there is something about it you will like. If you have never played it then I think you should pick it up. I promise you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,222880,20620942,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,QuantizedAnson,"Graphics were realistic.The competitive gameplay was intense.You can't just spray and pray. You must take ur time to aim and react quickly.It feels like you are really fighting in a war , fighting for your country or salary.I shall call this game ""Call of Army : Mid-East Warfare Simulator"".11/10 would act like a noob and suicide again while destroying Weapon caches with grenades."
,Recommended,222880,8885535,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Morning Star,"Best FPS experience i have ever had. Requires a lot of teamwork, gun fights are really intense, and the graphics are really good!!Realism and more realism,There are no crosshairs!!If you want a realistic firefight experience this is the game.This isnt like other fps games where you can just get back up after you die! Once a player dies in most game modes the only way for them to spawn back is if a set objective is met like capturing a capture point or blowing up a cache. This game favours a tactical approach over mindlessly running around the map killing people. This game is fun with friends so tag along!"
,Recommended,222880,9661649,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,MaNiaK^,Very tactical. Very Awesome! Great with friends :D Deffo buy this game :D
76561198136548195,Recommended,222880,13510965,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,[LAG] Snoop Doggy Doge,"This is a really fun game, if your into fast paced tacticul games, this is it!"
76561197990010698,Recommended,222880,8255638,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,frombehind,the most intense infantry only 1st person shooter on steam right now!
76561198098524993,Recommended,222880,17328307,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Sorecandy,"A refreshing FPS with some creative game modes, this has replaced battlefield 4 and CS GO (for me), I'll split the review into pros and cons.Positive+Guns have a sense of weight which is missing in alot of FPS.+Hardcore- no killcams, no killfeed (well most servers) and no bloody hitmarkers+Good gamemodes, fun and very intense+There's an offline bot mode+Lots of maps, as well as, night versions+Cheap+You can play fine at pings around 200+Runs nicely (well mostly)+Developers give free dlc and are constantly updating and supporting the game+In game callouts are on point (as you may already know)Negative-Population is not massive, but it's not small either, just could be bigger (but you'll easily find a game)-The offline mode has no proper UI in place in order to change gamemodes and maps (you change it in the console)-Stuttering and Microstuttering plague the game (different for some)-Graphics aren't great, but it's pretty easy to run, on a gtx870m, its maxed out at, 1080p, 2xmssa and fxaa, solid 60fps.-Some weird♥♥♥♥♥3rd person animations (I personally like immersion) not all the time, just when people slide and sometimes when sprinting (as if they are air running- feet are slightly above the ground)8/10- Recommend for anyone who wants to play  a hardcore FPS that's fun with lot's of action and doesn't take realism to the point where combat is as enjoyable as wiping your♥♥♥♥♥with sandpaper, but isn't so hellbent on making you feel like a special snowflake (e.g. COD)."
76561198069506693,Recommended,222880,14028792,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Camerochi,"This game has been great company to me. All the blood, the action has just been great. I have played this game for 300 and something hours because its never boring. If you do get it. There are a whole ton of mods that you can subscribe for your classes by just going to the workshop. When you first play the game. It will take quite a bit of getting use to. I never gave up on it and now I am quite good at the game with 115 kills on record in survival at level 37 or something. Its just great fun. Only £11.99 or more on stream. I recomend it to players who played COD, CS:GO, and other games. Like I said, it will take quite a bit of getting use to."
,Recommended,222880,10544569,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Bub Clubbem,"TLDR: Buy this if you like Red Orchestra, Counterstrike, and intense gameplay where you actually care about how loud your footsteps are, you'll love this. Intensity comes from interesting spawn ticket system and high-stakes firefights. Also FAL best gun, objectively.Insurgency started life as a Sourcemod way back in god knows when under the name Insurgency: Modern Infantry Combat. It was a time where Red Orchestra was considered pretty new and fresh, and I remember it actually being one of the first games that I ever saw that had weapon deadzoning involved. It was a slow-speed, long-range, lethal shooter that was set in the very real world of Marines fighting Insurgents in the middle east, probably Iraq.Now it's simply called Insurgency, and it's changed a lot. The biggest change is the maps are smaller, making it feel much like the bizarre lovechild of Counter-Strike and Red Orchestra. It's a gifted child. Other changes include that the USMC forces are now simple, unnamed ""Security Forces"" which appear to be Security contractors cooperating with Marines under a different name. The Insurgent forces also now have no real-life name attached to them, opting for a more ""don't offend anybody"" style approach to the game. Does it ruin everything? No. I think it's clever that the game worked like that, particularly how they included Marine uniforms in some classes for the Security side.Speaking of classes, rather than a purer class-based system like in the original Insurgency mod (Let's call it INSMIC from here on out), Insurgency allows for more customization in the way of a point-based accessorizing system. Each class has specific equipment it has access to - Machinegunners are the only ones with access to RPKs and M249s, for instance, but may opt out and use an AKMS or M16A4 respectively at less point-cost - and 10 points to divvy up amongst weapons, optics, accessories, explosives, body armor, and load bearing equipment (which allows your little soldier to carry more magazines, and even grenades). Each individual class has its own model, too, so a Specialist on the Security forces is going to be some T-Shirt wearing, Beard-sporting Chris Costa lookin' summa♥♥♥♥♥ that you'll probably be running pretty light with for high-speed, low-drag operating conditions, while the Machinegunner on the same team will be wearing a full uniform and look more like the average Marine and by default will be wearing the (optional) heavy body armor that makes him slow and strong. Like a turtle. With a 5.56mm automatic rifle capable of sending 2/3 of a pound of lead down range in a minute.My only complaint regarding equipment in the game, though, is that there are no Grenade Launchers and no Grenadier class. The closest you get are the respective RPG7 and AT4 launchers, both only get one rocket, and I've heard this is because some complained that grenade launchers would be overpowered in a primarily CQB-based game like this. That's an addition I'd really like to see made.The sound design is really good. The gunshots might not be Heat-tier, but they're better by far than many, many other games currently on the market. The best part about the sound design, in my opinion, is how they capture the almost muffled, underwater sound of gunshots in the distance and the screaming snaps of a supersonic bullet narrowly missing you. And suppressors do serve a much more realistic purpose in this game. While slightly reducing the noise level of discharing your firearm, it'll make it difficult for enemies in the area to determine whether you're chopping off with an AK like the rest of their Kebab-chomping buddies, or if you're ripping it up with a Mk18 CQBR like a true Hamburger-inhaling imperialist of democracy.The reason you'll care about that, though, is that the game runs on a wave-based respawn system. In many gamemodes, it operates on the basis that everyone gets one life, when you die you spectate, and when an objective is captured all those spectating for that team are sent in on another wave. This makes it possible to either have the enemy team completely wiped out in a mater of minutes, or can stretch a simple king of the hill game into a tug-of-war over reinforcements. Gamemodes I personally care less about involve a more simple system where there's X amount of respawn waves per team, and as those deplete more can be gained by capturing objectives. Other modes simply have no respawns involved. It covers a lot of bases. There's also a co-op gamemode that one would think would be tacked-on, but it's actually pretty fun.Basically if you like something like Rainbow Six, Counter Strike, Red Orchestra, even Arma, I'd suggest checking this out. Also it's cheap as hell oh my god I'd totally pay $30 for this game."
,Recommended,222880,10389284,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Ninja Skull™,"This game so amazingly fun and addicting, it just needs to add 1 thing to make it more playable, and thats a 'Ranking System',this will really get people playing and want to rank up, hopefully this will be added in the future."
,Recommended,222880,10344912,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,BÖRK,Very nice game indeed!
,Recommended,222880,8994491,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Lucky Luke |HG,"This game is very good and would recommend it to anyone who likes this sort of fps game. Of course there are some bugs which have been encountered by some player (but luckily enough not me, not encountered a single one). I only hope that this game gets a bigger player base and becomes better because of it.The fact that it doesn't have features such as kill cam or radar or crosshairs just makes it all the more fun imo. Having features like kill-cam ruins the games because it makes it much easier to see where you got killed from. The fact that it doesn't have them means it is slightly harder than normal fps's, but when you get used to it it just becomes easier.I've also heard that this game requires a fair bit of team communication but from what I have experienced on the servers I have played there has been little or no communication between teams. Obviously it would help players on your team if you do have a mic and use it to communicate.All in all I would give this game an 8/10 at this moment in time as it has just been released.Luke :D"
,Recommended,222880,12928767,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,FrontRUSSIAN,This game is like arma and cs mix . This game has great maps It means you dont need to run 3km and get shoot by the some random sniper but you still need to use tactics and teamwork. So if you dont have it you should think on getting it.
,Recommended,222880,8988634,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Krizzeus,"Awesome game and well worth the money. I love the recoil and gun sounds they really nailed it. Beware though that this game is a tactical fps and you die in pretty much 1 shot from any gun which I actually like, it is funny since I play call of duty and battlefield but never liked hardcore in those games but it just fits so well in this game and they done it well. The music in the game is also quite good and the atmosphere and game modes are excellent."
,Recommended,222880,17712796,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,AirFlow,"If anybody ever liked playing CoD or Battlefield multiplayer games on Hardcore mode where the bullet damage is increased and there's no map then this game is for you. At first, I was dying alot and I mean ALOT. Then I started to get the flow of this game. If a player rushes, better know what you're doing because 1-5 shots from any gun then BAM you're dead. Not for the easily frustrated I must say.The matches can be quite intense because the players usually has to depend on their teammates to change the course of the game. There are smoke grenades and bullets flying everywhere so thinking tactical is helpful. Yes there are camping ""chameleon"" snipers like in Battlefield but for the most part they are good at helping out the team. Cant say much about about the co-op. Best advise I can give for noobs is take your time, kill when needed, and play the funking objective (ptfo). Allahu Akbar!!!!!"
76561198055877982,Recommended,222880,7934662,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Master Sergeant,"I bought this game maybe 6 days ago, and I already have 56 hours of active gameplay on record. This game is THE best first person shooter I have played in awhile. It is completely addicting, and wildely fun. The controls are simple and memorable, no lag, easy voting for maps and other things, as well as a co-op mode which Is amazing to play with friends. The game is just..... amazing.... thats the only word that I can use to describe it, yet that word alone does not do it justice. I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of first person shooters and team based combat... you will NOT regret buying this game."
,Recommended,222880,32886465,Posted: 27 June,all,Dr. Rockzo,REAL
,Recommended,222880,22862871,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Simon Maid,"This is a great game, he is different from Battlefield and Call of Duty, but the playability is still not inferior to the former, you can work together with the mission or a multiplayer game with friends, but a bit difficult to operate, great quality.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,11629577,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Vic,"If ARMA, Red Orchestra, and the likes of Ghost Recon and Counter-Strike got together and had a lovechild, its name would be Insurgency. Its very first iteration started out life as a mod for Half-Life 2, but a turbulent post-release development period ultimately led to its demise. Luckily, its lead developers banded back together at New World Interactive, and following a failed Kickstarter but a remarkably successful Early Access campaign, Insurgency (initially titled Insurgency 2) is now one of the greatest multiplayer shooters on the market.Its gameplay offers realism and authenticity of a tremendous caliber, with tense gunplay that relies on tactics and teamwork above all else. A huge offering of game modes that subtly change the game without detracting from its core formula, and a solid selection of maps. There's even a surprisingly excellent co-op component to the game.Add to that consistent and remarkable post-release support with great content updates to this day (even a competitive matchmaking system is apparently in the pipeline, which will be an incredible addition to the game) and we can start to see why NWI's commitment to putting Insurgency on the map deserves some attention. Pick this game up, because it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,222880,25092294,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,☢ MT ☢,"Insurgency+Realistic Shooting+Lot of Customation+Plenty of Models+Lot of Gamemodes+Tactical Game+Big Maps+Lot of Maps+Community+There is a gamemode called ,,Day of Infamy´´ which takes place in WW2-Can't save loadouts9/10Good Game,sometimes in sale only for 2 Euros"
,Recommended,222880,20927864,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Dr. Rockso M.D.,"The single most dedicated, consistently quality-producing and generous indie dev team I've ever witnessed.These guys actually play their game and do nothing but *improve* the game with fixes and content.If you've ever played the original Insurgency mod, which was provided free of charge, you will appreciate this game. Considering that there was much to be expected, coming from the original, this reboot is more of a rebirth - improving greatly upon the beloved original. If you've not already picked this game up by now, they offer insane discounts on sales via Steam and elsewhere. Where greed seems to be the general motive for most game developers, these guys just keep on giving and giving, reinvesting their revenues back into the game to continually add value to existing customers.One of the best FPS shooters you will ever play, hands down, Insurgency brings something to the table that many well-polished and well-funded AAA titles do not."
76561198099328145,Recommended,222880,18388941,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Jaguar Paw,"Good quality game, simple as that!"
,Recommended,222880,13290040,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,[WPG] Xallanon,"I've played a lot of games in my time, most first person shooters.Sometimes I like them funny (borderlands) sometimes I like them cartoonie (Team Fortress 2) but Insurgency fill the ""realistic"" gap.Based basically in the middle east conflicts this is absolutely the closest thing I'll ever get to real combat. (I'm not in the armed forces for the same reason I don't play hockey: that ice is so slippery! (In other words, the nature of war is death and I'm...not up for that.)The realism is great, it's also not overwealmed with 500000000 guns that don't exist. It's realistic in both the gameplay and the types of guns that are available.The amazing thing is that the content is far extended by the players community where you can for free, download new maps and customized guns. If you've only ever played the original maps, you NEED to play the user created ones as you haven't even scratched the surface without playing them!If you want a game that will start by frustrating you but then quickly turn around and help you become a better player/shooter, get it!"
,Recommended,222880,16974887,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,[HotN]Weeping-pirate,"10/10Looking for a ""good"" shooter...... BF,CoD,CS... leave it all and join us @ insurgency"
,Recommended,222880,20131948,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,HumanWreckage,"This is the best fps i have played in a long time.Some mechanics of the game:You have to hip fire without crosshairs or use sights.No bullet count so keep up with your ammo.There is a weight point system that determinds what all you can bring into the battle with you.It normally only takes one to two bullets to kill.Getting shot at causes suppression.There is a huge list of mods you can download for new maps and skins.There are assigned class roles so everyone has a role to play.There are several game modes from coop and versus.  Some game modes for slower, tactical matches that punishes you and makes you wait if you die.  Other game modes are here if you want fast action games where you can get back into the fight faster and have more battles.The audio sounds great and it pulls you into the game making things so much more intense.This game has medium sized maps, good for quick battles.  This is not call of duty but its not a hard game to jump into. The weapons recoil makes the guns fire in a random pattern, not always hitting your exact mark.The games optimization feels great, playing on an older system i have no problem with lag on high settings.There are so many things to say about this game but the bottom line is this is a fun game that deserves a look."
,Recommended,222880,14657665,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WhiteCat *ELITE*,You will think that you don't know how to play shooting games when you start playing this game. The game is totally concentrated on realism so a single bullet can kill you or if you are wearing a heavy armor then max 3 bullets. There is no health percentage. Also the recoil while shooting is a lot. So I'm sure you will LOVE this game after like 5 hours of gameplay.For me this game beats COD in all sections!!
,Recommended,222880,33228090,Posted: 4 July,all,MrZiiGGY,9/10!Not going to lie this is probably one of the hardest and realistic FPS games you can buy but it's worth it! Once you know what is going on and know the play style you will learn to love it! When I first started playing it I just kept getting shot and didn't know what was happening so I got annoyed with it but once I sat down and played it properly I realised this game has a lot to offer. I would definitely recommend picking this up!
,Recommended,222880,10388752,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Lil breibart,"Although not totally perfect, it's a well made and satisfiying tactical shooter. Lovingly made out of nostalgia for it's original source mod roots, it plays like a mix of Red Orchestra immersion/realism and Counter Strike twitch shooting."
76561198066509759,Recommended,222880,9562487,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Integer,"My thoughts on this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTK_k56eKpII've never been into FPS games. Can't really say why, I guess because they were too fast paced, too hectic and based on individual achievements rather than anything else. So I was quite surprised to find myself saying ""I think I want to try this"" after watching one of many presentational videos about Insurgency. Since then, almost two months later, I can easily say that Insurgency is a great game. Not a perfect one, as just like anything else it has its flaws and such, but I'm not here to capitalise on that. Instead, I would like to underline the main component that makes this game very enjoyable and rewarding - teamplay. Because the whole game, no matter what mode you're playing, is built around objectives; you can have an incredible K/D ratio, going through the enemy team as a hot knife through butter, but if you do not coordinate with your team and work towards the same goal it will most likely be futile. You do not have to rush it, in fact it would be advisible to take it slowly, cover your teammates, provide covering fire and work as a unit while moving towards the target. And even if you don't get a single kill but instead create a distraction at the other end of the map, distracting opposing players and thus creating an opening for your teammates to capture an objective it is incredibly rewarding. Personally, I will choose this over a great individual performance any day."
,Recommended,222880,16004141,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,MiamiNiceLive,This game is the best shooter I have played in years since Ps2/Socom days only thing it needs is 3rd Person oh wait.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=445873309
,Recommended,222880,14599234,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,JayOdom,"I bought this back in Feb. 2014.  I played it a little here and there for about a month.  Some friends and I were RB6:RVS players about 10 years ago and wanted something challenging like RVS was.  Insurgency was was promising then, but we're  all mid 30's and video games just don't have the priority they did 10 years ago for us.  Insurgency could have used some polishing up.Fastforward to yesterday, Feb. 21st 2015....Unknown to us that a update with new playlists was coming, we had decided to give Insurgency a go again.  Wow!  We had a lot of fun.  It's really been refined.  The Firefight 5v5 gametype is suberb so far. I love it.  I think I could even play it without my gaming buddys, which is something of a rarity for me.  Even though I was stuck as a Flanker and didn't have many primary weaopon options, I didn't feel at a major disadvantage.  I assumed I was stuck with the player type nobody wanted, but I was wrong.  5v5 Firefight offers a good balance of players.  There aren't so many that you can't find a way through to an objective, but not so few that you don't consider taking calculated risk.  A good team could control the map with solid team work, but not to the point where luck is a non-factor to the equation.I think the 5v5 Firefight gametype is my new go-to."
76561198042083374,Recommended,222880,14824571,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,|FF| kim il lemonade,"This is an amazing addition to the first person shooter genre. After 650+ hours of playing this game I still have a lot to learn and have never gotten bored playing it. The community for this game is small and friendly. An everyone knows everyone world which isn't hard to join. People are very welcoming and willing to help you out with things you don't know.But, most importantly the gameplay is amazing: accurate shooting with low health can lead to tense firefights where everytime you pop out you know you can die. Playing mods like Ambush and Firefight (my favourites) dying is highly punished, as it should be, and due to the lack of crosshairs when not aiming, slow movment and low health running and gunning is punished and all your moves are steady and deliberate.The lack of spotting leads to a focus on teamwork, so having a microphone helps (but please don't shout ""allah akbar"" all the time). For fans of the FPS genre or people new to it I would highly reccomend this game for the standard price of £11, so long as you aren't expecting a game like counter stike or call of duty"
,Recommended,222880,22192332,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Justern5788,rpg!rpg!boom!GG
,Recommended,222880,19186014,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,The Tempest,"An excellent game overall.Graphics are overall lackluster, but far from unenjoyable. You can also download user-made skins.SOUND. MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SOUND. I'm a Marine Veteran, and I cannot put into words the feeling I had when I fired a M203 HE round, and heard what is only describable as a perfect recreation of the ""pfthoomp"" sound they make exiting the barrel. The sound in this game alone makes it stand out, for me at least. Not to mention hilarious and badass voice acting.Gameplay is a fresh take on FPS, with realistic damage models. A bullet to the head? You're dead. No matter the weapon. Two to the chest will drop almost any target, unless they have heavy armor (I think.) Very minimal HUD, No crosshairs, Co-op online that you actually enjoy playing. Decently balanced PvP, this game has everything I've dreamed of in a mil-sim/older COD-esque hybrid shooter.Community is by far one of the best I've found. Very helpful, little/no ragers or trolls.Overall: 9/10, only held back by current low volume of skins, and outdated graphics."
,Recommended,222880,15192620,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,SmaugTheGolden,Brilliant PVP shooter which perfectly combines realistic and dynamic gameplay at the same time. Go get it!
,Recommended,222880,8826918,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,✪Xanibear,"ArmA 3 meets Counter-Strike in this great tactical game. One wrong move and you're dead.  Evenly paced, great level design and sound.  A throwback to classic tactical shooters. Highly recomend if you like the Rainbow 6 series."
,Recommended,222880,10143223,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,R-C-MAN,"I love this gameI've been playing this game for a while, you will not find a better game for the money spent on it. Initially I played the default game on random servers, met people formed bonds still unbreakable til this day. There is something about fighting as a unit, when someone has your back and you have theirs. The defeat is heartbreaking but the victory is rewarding.Eventually I decided to make maps for this game, it's the only game I really play. I may play others from time to time but I always come back.Give this game a try, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,222880,28990578,Posted: 3 January,all,OdiousWraith,"I am a veteran Battlefield player on console, and the casualization of the battlefield franchise pushed me into the more hardcore and tactical shooters of PC. Coming to PC with this as the first game I sucked, really bad. I would go 0/10 in games.After putting hours into the game and getting used to the tactical feel of the game, I've gotten better and it's now one of my favorite games to play. It has that close quarters gameplay without getting wrecked by shotguns like you do in every other FPS.One thing that you have to watch out for though when playing this game is people shouting at the end of the matches, so keep the voice volume down a bit, trust me I'm saving your ears.Pros:Tactical FPS gameplay without the shotgun spamQuick kill time, people aren't tanksMore hardcore than hardcore BattlefieldVery dependent on team playCons:Graphics seem a tiny bit outdated (It's going to be updated with Insurgency: Sandstorm)Getting through doorways is annoying, the player model seems like a slim fit through the door.Screaming people at the end ofeverymatchYou need a good internet connection, otherwise the multiplayer will keep on going to a black screen (refreshing or something?)ConclusionOverall the game keeps me coming back to play more and more.TL;DRThe things that are annoying in this game are dismissible, and the ""tactical-ness/hardcore-ness"" of this game are not at a point to where it's almost impossible to have fun(Squad).9/10"
,Recommended,222880,13935417,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,kEVIN+,"Tactical gameplay with that hardcore Call of duty feel (Kreygasm).Now I'm not saying this is a game anything like Call of Duty. This game is alone in its genre of tactical -hardcore - shooter.Which is where it truely shines on its own from an indy developer.To start, I would like to mention that this game is worth whatever price you pay for it. If you got it on sale, congrats you got a great game for a good deal!  If you did not buy this game on sale or were looking at buying the game and it's not on sale, you will not be disappointed.Secondly, this is not an EASY GAME. This may be and indy title, but it is surely not your generic shooter. If it was, it more than likely would not be getting this recommendation.  This game has a harder learning curve than most shooters. You will find yourself shoulder peeking and leaning to find your kills, knowing that with one well placed bullet from a AK-47 you will be waiting for a respawn. This game will keep you on your toes with your heart pounding from round start to round end. This is multiplayer.With one of the newer updates, they added a survial mode that you and your friends can fight your way to the top of the leaderboards vs waves of AI. Also insanely hard.Either mode I found very entertaining.Wonderful game with a good supportive developer.Worth picking up at any price.Highly recommend :DKevin"
,Recommended,222880,10364289,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Flashman,"My day one impressions are thus; Solid and quick gunplay, you really feel the power behind the rounds flying out the barrel. The Maps and character models are absolutely superb. There are 10 maps and 8 game modes to play, which ensures you'll never be bored with this game. Remember that this game is so polished at this stage (with the minor glitch) even though it is still a beta! This game is well worth full price, but on sale you really cannot pass up such a title!"
,Recommended,222880,18220399,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Psycho8Vegemite,"Insurgency is as if CS:GO and Arma had a kid with only their best qualities and found its own personality. What I mean by that, is that if you are into slow paced, intense, realistic battles. Then you've found the right game here.Gameplay and environmentInsurgency allows you the player to play alongside either insurgent or security forces, where you'll be given class specific weaponry to aid the rest of the team with. From this you can choose to be a sniper which only one to two can be present or a rifleman of sorts where you can carry explosives or a normal rifle. After you then have the choice of customizing your gear, where you could give yourself a holosight or scope. Suppressor or heavy barrel. You can also give yourself frags or smoke grenades, light or heavy armor and a chest rig or carrier. Then, you spawn into the world.The world is unforgiving, you have one life where then you'll have to wait for another wave to get back in. Bullets are quick and you'll be shot before you hear the bang most of the time. From urban landscapes to outback terrain, your eyes have to always be peeled. Watching the rooftops for sharpshooters and alleys for assaulter's and machine gunners. You'll never feel safe in one place and always on the tip of your toes. Insurgency in one of those games where camping is playing the objective, keeping it safe and hard scoping is the only way.Graphics, Sounds and MechanicsThe world of Insurgency is nicely portrayed. Obviously being a source engine game you can't expect too much from graphics as it's no cry engine replacement. But it has its own quality and beauty to it. Sound is great making sure that the grunt and giveaways of firearms can be heard in the reloads along side with the well heard, life like bangs of the firearms. Mechanics are great, nothing too complicated like Arma or simple like the arrow keys but a nice balance in between. There is lean mechanics, a call out mechanic, voip, crouch, prone, jump and all the usual rest you can think of. You can change the firing mode, and aim down sights. Its controls makes it like a hardcore Battlefield 4 sort.WorkshopOther than the world of Insurgency, you also have a world outside of the one you mostly know. The workshop. many modders have model replacements, re-textures and sound packs. Others have animations and some maps and game modes. Insurgency has an extremely diverse and much alive community, and as a modder myself can say this. It is easy to completely replace the games weapons and its looks with the amount of mods out there!Overall Insurgency is a great game and is worth the purchase if you ask me. New World Interactive release patches and free content frequently (not all the time but a pleasant amount) and the community is great. If I were to rate the game it would be a9/10I truly love the game but I believe that it could be improved a tad bit more such as adding more weaponry and customization in my opinion."
,Recommended,222880,18409997,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Icehour,The most realistic game I've ever played.
,Recommended,222880,34146485,Posted: 10 August,all,Abusive Husband,"Forget Call of Duty and Battlefield. Insurgency is brutal and unforgiving, putting you in the middle of a realistic and tactical experience in which a single wandering bullet can take you down. Teamwork is essential, and it's important to take a slow and tactical approach, rather than running around guns blazing. It has a decent variety of modes and maps, and a decent amount of players. I just wish they could add more content, since at the moment the devs seem to busy working on Day of Infamy.The only huge drawback is the use of the outdated source engine. It's about time devs stopped using it. The game works fine, but the source engine problems are there and they are noticeable. It also gives the game a feeling of familiarity, and not in a good way. Overall it's still well worth buying, and a unique experience."
,Recommended,222880,9717243,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,[TAW] Stuffed_Shark,"Sorry for the very long review, it's hard not to write about my second favorite game of all time.TLDR: This game is worth a purchase, but playing the game too much will kill the spirit of the game and make it bland.After 1500 hours, there are a few major things to note if you're looking at buying this game.One. There are elements of this game that are amazing. The lack of knowledge when first playing will be brutal, but enjoyable. One you understand the flow of the game, Insurgency will blossom into the hardcore FPS experience that Insurgency perfectly captures. Also, this game's ""free aim""  from titles similar to Red Orchestra is there, but hardly noticable then previous updates. I fail to sense the difference between this title and the original mod, and in both I can't see/feel any ""free aim"" with non ADS weapon handling.Two. This game, once played competitively in PUG's and proper teams, will make the entire game different. I'm not even sure if it's better or worse. There's no more suprise or really enjoyment anymore, which I'm sure is in part to how much I've played the game.Three. The game itself has a wide spectrum of play styles and servers to accomodate. Play for speed and aggression? Competitive is what you're looking for (potentially).Like to take it slow and steady? Coop and realism servers have what you're seaching for. This game is extremely accomodating between arcade and realism ( most are more of a 70 arcade /30 realism mix imo.)Four. Previously I stated that I though DOI (Day of Infamy, a WW2 Style shooter with alot of loving ties to Day of Defeat)  held back the supposed ""Competitive"" update,  we finally received something that is better than nothing in late June of this year.Five. The lack of communication from developers to players is really a problem. I don't know if it is because they're working hard on three seperate games ( stuff for insurgency is still in development, right? Stuff like LUA, the sound thing with walls?...) but it's hard to continue to play a game that feels lke it spurts into life every 4-5 months, then slowly dies down into a weird niche.  All I'd like to see is what they're working at least once a month if that, just something to show they're still there and that they're listening to the players. Hell, I'm sure there are some Insurgency players out there that can help with development.Six. I love this game. I love the competitive community. Hell, I even love lamp and the RPG's. But it's the kind of love that fades away into realising how shallow and empty the whole thing really is. It's hard to describe this game to people verbally, I'm at a weird place with this game.Still definitely worth the money and time though :^)"
,Recommended,222880,15110091,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Faster Than Hesus,"See the invisible, do the impossible!"
,Recommended,222880,12067385,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,General Melchett,"Brutal, steep learning curve, but thoroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,222880,8822180,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MedPackSnack - Y.Tube,Thoroughly enjoy accidental team killing? This is for you. This game is everything you could ask for in a realistic yet enjoyable FPS. Awesome fun. New learning curb and a solid community to boot. Check out some hilarious footage below!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=220055462
,Recommended,222880,10969085,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,s4,"Call of Duty is garbage compared to this, 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,12185487,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,[Destroyer]Elite,Do my hours look like I am not having fun?
,Recommended,222880,9933214,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,low effort,Insurgency is a game. I was quite happy when I found that out. 10/10
76561198100366995,Recommended,222880,25464337,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,jms93,"looking for something thats realistic like squad,or arma but dont want the large learning curve and intricate controls, look no further especially for the price this game delivers awesome medium map sizes found in most fps and the controls are all familier but the damage realism is where this game thrives it is a very fun and realistic fire fight with your friends and if you play offline it is just as fun and real with the ai bots. 5/5 one of the best realistic military shooters with the easiest learning curve"
76561197968335774,Recommended,222880,16132714,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Jonboy,"Probably the best FPS on the market. Fun , intense and addictive."
,Recommended,222880,21197573,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Abu Azrael,">Be on Insurgent team>Mohammed and I are rushing the point>Use mighty AKM to slay the Kufr in the name of Allah>We start capping point>Mohammed suddenly dies to sniper fire>I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself>I remeber my ISIS training and yell ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" as i pull out RPG>Instantly get sniped>Die> No 72 virgins either, Osama played us all>9/11 would do again"
,Recommended,222880,13588657,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,dbvsz,mi n fwends frm ISIS c0m beck frum syrian republic to pley dis gemis gud bin laden sed soget rpg kill muricans is npi r8 8/8 gr8 b8 m8gg no reliek skyrim wid gunz
,Recommended,222880,8915050,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Cheesellama,"Great game. It's very realistic and balanced, and I adore the supply system. Though I don't like the tactical game modes that much (mostly due to how unforgiving it is), the co-op and sustained combat modes are absolutely fantastic. How would I rank it? 9/10."
,Recommended,222880,8911397,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Sam,"Very nice game, Looks great. Lot's of Teamwork is needed and overall very fun"
,Recommended,222880,8404834,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[DaC] NecroLust,"I can't wait to see how this game will be when it is fully released it is so nice right now. Minimal HUD Real Firing mechanics, Nice teamplay, it is as is I am in combat everytime, I litterly move in my chair when I am under fire taking hits trying to skimp to cover, my heart races. This is like the modern RO2, almost a battlefield feel minus the vehicles. Real practical maps that make real world sense. It is so nice to duck in cover while enemy spreys, and then mid-late sprey pop out and semi fire 3-4 shots of insta death! I feel so powerful, I really feel like I am operating in the game.EDIT: I am editing this now with it's release, the polish they have added, the interface for changing your gun, the character variety, and so much more! New maps on the way every 2ish months! I am still enjoying this purchase, and with it's new permanatly discounted price, it has never been easier to purcahse a game without a sale % tag on it.Check out my Guide for Easy Tactical Breakdowns of possible encounters and teamwork scenarios:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=260270962"
,Recommended,222880,24305761,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Swaggy,This game is gr8 m8 would r8 8/8- Spawns with a assault rifle with iron sights- runs towards objective- instantly killed by sniper- waits until respawn wave- sneaks up to objective- instantly killed by sniper- waits impatiently for respawn wave- puts long range scope and stays near spawn camping- instantly killed by sniper- turns off the game and cries8/8 would cry again
,Not Recommended,222880,29910943,Posted: 13 February,all,Atomic,Before latest patch:Over 1000 hours played0 hackers encountered0 game crashes that weren't my faultAfter latest patch:Crashes almost every time I playBattlEyeLagUpdate: Conquer mode is broken... way too easyUpdate: Conquer STILL broken
,Recommended,222880,7764925,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,USMCto1811,"Best ""new"" tactical FPS right now. Gameplay is smoothe, the graphics are great, and the sounds are intense. Great game."
,Recommended,222880,28299137,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Senpai,"After long time, startup crashing....Any helps? Sick and great game"
76561198119094803,Not Recommended,222880,30109960,Posted: 22 February,all,Prospero1911,Why and who wanted Battle Eye?  This is my fsvorite game but cmon NWI.
,Recommended,222880,20899362,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,"Mardo, the Unicorn Hunter","Public Review on behalf of the Opium Pulses Steam groupFew words about the gameInsurgency is really well made first-person shooter with probably the most realistic experiences I've encountered in games. It's different than let's say CS for example, playing Counter-Strike you're aware that it's only a game etc. but here... here YOU are directly in game. There is no minimap or bullet counter, there is no hit markers, when you're being suspended behind your cover by enemy fire, you simply experience being trapped in there. Watch out for yourself and good luck!Advantages- Stunning graphics, not made to look pretty, made to look realistic- Sounds are really great, you'll understand what I'm talking about when you will hear those bullets flying right next to your nose- Impressive variety of detailed and greatly designed maps. Night modes for most of maps, what is something really nice- Constantly updated content with steam workshop access, what makes game so customisable as almost none other game- Fair price for that kind of game- The most authentic mechanics I've ever encountered- It's literally tactic shooter, not like ""rush B fast"", but you really need to think tactically to defeat your opponent- Pleasant co-op modeDisadvantages- Little bit buggy- Probably the most toxic comunitty I have heard in a long timeIf you find my review helpful or funny be sure to followOpium Pulsescurator page rightherefor more reviewed games!"
76561197989484529,Not Recommended,222880,29867935,Posted: 12 February,all,{Red_Meat}American_Ted,Why is New World Interactive installing spyware on their customer's computers? BattleEye is invasive and sleazy.
,Recommended,222880,13334966,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Snacky ❤,الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر الله أكبر
,Recommended,222880,8826622,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,cuongdo,"best FPS experience i have ever had. the gun feels great, requires a lot of teamworks, gun fights are really intense, and the graphic is really good. Aside for some minor bugs and random crashes, the game is perfect!"
,Recommended,222880,22948541,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,a nugget of tofu.,"*First time playing COOP conquer*""Ok! Let's do this!""*Goes outside from spawn*RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*Rocket comes and blows 7 of my teammates, including me*""What?""RPGs, the bane of the soldier."
,Recommended,222880,30464386,Posted: 11 March,all,Ghost,"Hanz down, teh best fps"
,Recommended,222880,8235338,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MayorMcCheese,Such realism.Very war.So fun.Wow.
76561198119747848,Recommended,222880,29083928,Posted: 7 January,all,Mc Happy Meal,"The AI's are hard, I'll give you that10/10 will get wiped out by opposition AIs again"
,Recommended,222880,9196850,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,;MasterLooser,"funny game. u have to be slow to be undetected. if u use the lmg u have alot of fun even when u rush xDi personally love the shotgun with slugammo. the range is kinda op and its almost ever a oneshot.very good shooter, i would love to see levels and something to rank up in this game"
,Recommended,222880,9133910,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,1-800-AUSCHWITZ,"I think this game deserve way more than just 76. It's like a combination of counter strike and arma. The graphics might not be the best but the gameplay really is. I recommend this game to people who likes tactical shooter and who likes to play seriously, cause in this game you can't win without team work! (sorry for my english, i speak french)"
76561197993223159,Recommended,222880,20245773,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,6th.Medic!,"Tips-Hit shift if you need to stop a reload.-Avoid shooting from windows for more than a few bursts if enemy could rpg you from another angle you can't cover/see.-Picking up RPK LMG when capping a point will prevent the need to reload when heavily outnumbered.-If you can't kill someone by the 3rd quick burst your either dead or will need to take cover.-Bots will auto-aim kill you if you stand still for to long, even shoot at your old position for a few seconds so fire from new spots each time.-Listen for audio cues, nades being tossed, nades landing, footsteps, shoot all cash registers. :)-Bots can see through tree branches/fire.-Pick-up nades & such to help team out with objectives."
,Recommended,222880,21223001,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Colonel_47,"Insurgency is one of the best shooters out there with it's realistic competitive multiplayer that has no crosshair, no ammo indicator (it only shows how many mags are left), and no regenerative health. Co-op is also very fun and challenging, and strongly encourages you not to run and gun, with the AI's ability to damage you quickly. Before starting or while respawning after dealth in a multiplayer or co-op match you can chose your class, customize the optics, type of ammo, attachments, grenades, armor, and other equipment in your loadout. The game limits the amount you're able to have so you have to choose wisely before heading into battle. The game also has night maps, which makes it more difficult to see allowing you to equip night vision or a flashlight that can also help blind enemies. There's a workshop with some nice visual mods, Custom maps, skins, and alternative sfx changes. The game runs fairly smoothly although there is an issue that your anivirus software may mistakingly detect a file in the game as a virus, which has happened to numerous players including me.Pros:+Realistic gunplay and mechanics+Wide variety of modes, each are really fun (there isn't any modes that are boring, they're all really enjoyable)+The co-op is surprisingly challenging too and allows for strategy and planning+Runs mostly smoothly+Steam Workshop for awesome mods and custom maps like a WW2 conversion pack called Day of Infamy, which basically turns the game into a classic WW2 shooter to a zombies mod to Star Wars gun sfx and much more+good balance between weapons and attachmentsCons- Antivirus issue, easy fixOverall, Insurgency is one of the best shooters out there and for $15 it's a must buy and worth every penny IMO. The game is also constantly being updated with maps and tweaks to improve the gameplay. I would highly recomend this game for anyone looking for a good military shooter."
,Recommended,222880,8843113,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,georgelopezhook1337,"Very good, first fps with realistic bullet damage."
,Recommended,222880,9309583,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ThatGuyBenny,"If you've played Counter Strike or any really tactical game you will love this game. 14.99$ for this game is worth it it's really tactical and alot of fun, the only con is teamkilling, teamkilling is very frequent and it is very annoying."
,Recommended,222880,9406720,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,[PDΔ]Matix,"Excellent FPS is an understatement, Insurgency is one of the best valued games on Steam by far. The community/workshop is flowing with content, great mods and New World Interactive is present and always committed to the game. 9/10"
,Recommended,222880,9819377,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,SimonRude,Counter strike+ARMA=Insurgency
,Recommended,222880,7241368,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Laurence,A very interesting tactical first person shooter.good points:-interesting counter-strike esc. weapon system-very realistic weapons-one hit kill/death (depends if you like this)bad points:-okay at best graphics-huge learning curve-boring without friends
76561198038867021,Recommended,222880,11633335,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,[FgC] Torix,"The best shooter I have played. Combines competitive elements from games like CS:GO, with realism from games like Battlefield. This game is awesome."
76561197960351358,Recommended,222880,11783250,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,☣ svN_0r,Starker Tactic shooter !
76561198068060051,Recommended,222880,10578501,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Salty Boi,"Amazing game. It's no COD. In fact, it is much more different. Instead of running in and hoping you kill someone, you have to really be tactical and very precise with your decisions to kill the other players. You really have to use everything around you to your advantage to survive against your foes and get to the objectives. 8.5/10 in my opinion."
,Recommended,222880,13796962,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,t.tv/lubuis,Great game. Very realistic. Feels a lot like airsofting.
,Recommended,222880,13774748,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[ARX]AnthonyPS,"Pros :+ Nice graphics+ High damage bullets made it feels like you are in a real battle+ Intense gameplay with a lot of serious players+ Co-Op vs AI and Solo vs AI available for practice+ Requires skills,you don't simply point and shoot with 95% accuracy like Call of Duty+ Not pay to win+ Lots of cool mods from the community+ Singapore server available for southeast asian playersCons :- Crude character animations and graphics- Not much weapon choices- Rarely found any crowded server with good pingsAs you see,there are more pros than cons.I'm sure you won't find any of the server troubles if you're from USA or Europe.Buy this game."
,Recommended,222880,9215613,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Zengit,"Want to feel pressure? Want to feel like you are in the actual game? Want to fight for survival in extreme conditions? This game is for you, this is Arma 2 and CS:GO combined.This games brings you Close Quarters Battle with extreme conditions. 1 or 2 shots and your opponment is dead, you can only use your real vision to see enemies and there is no radar. You have to think alot, and it makes this game a real enjoyment.This game trains your fast descision making under pressure. Trust me, play this game on headphones and you will literally shake every time someone shoots you.Not an arcade, but a real experience on screen. Buy this, totally worth it."
76561198081169272,Recommended,222880,10732250,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Sevenmen,"Insurgency is one of the best games I have played by far on steam. Combined the tactics from older/harder style FPS's like Rainbox Six with ARMA and you got yourself a great, intense, adrenaline rushing game! Its a multiplayer based game but it does well at what it does! It has well supported servers and even custom ones from the community! Insurgency has games modes based upon teamwork in order to win! If that stuff doesn't float your boat, why not take a shot at facing the really really SMART AI with a group of friends or random players as you clear the map of its well balanced objectives? The HUD element of the game is perfect for realizim! You can't see how much bullets are in your magazine, you constantly have to keep that thought in your head before your next engagement. Otherwise, all it takes is one easy shot to you as you watch your character fall to the ground in a fellow swoop.Insurgency has you constantly on edged for yourself and your friends! For everytime someone opens up a shot on you or your team-mates, Your in constant stress if that bullet will be your last, and you know every bullet is packing with death! The feeling of constantly trying to stay alive is an amazing feeling.Honestly, I would recommend this game for anyone who is a big fan of teamwork, tactics, hardcore gameplay, and just overall some great fun!"
76561198004324063,Recommended,222880,10965329,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[ZSU] datCookie,"This is by far the best shooter I have played. It is definitely different and took me a fair while to get used to. I wasn't happy with it at first, with all the serious differences it has to others, but I pushed on and got through it. Now I love it. What do I love about it? Well just the overall hardcore style of it, which makes it feel like a proper shooter. What makes it hardcore (feel free to add to this list guys)?:- No mini map- No radar- No health bar- No ammo count- No hitmarkers- 1-3 shots to kill- No obvious ally/enemy tagsThose are just a few. This game is brutal and the wrong move can result in your instant death. INS teaches you to be situationally aware at all times and to always expect an enemy around every corner. It balances every weapon quite well and each map requires the use of different weapons for ultimate effectiveness.Some people like the run and gun style like CoD. This game offers that to a limit which I feel is great. You can't just run around and gun down everyone you see, you will die. But you can go from cover to cover at a fast pace, stay alive and still get kills.Some people also prefer the camping style like BF and even CS. This game does reward that style of play. But it is boring to camp in a corner for the entire round, so most don't do it. What I like to do is; if I know, or at least have an idea, that a few enemies are going to run into a room that I am in, I will prone in the corner and shoot them. I will then move on and continue fighting. No camping around forever.I feel INS is much better than the other shooters out there, with its realism making it so. It's not arcady, yet still competitive. I hope that INS does well in the future because I honestly love it to bits.9/10"
,Recommended,222880,17176377,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,ReconSixth,"Insurgency is the most thrilling and realistic FPS game I have played! Looking for modern combat in real life-like intense, then Insurgency is for you! Looking for World War 2 real life-like, then Day of Infamy is for you. Happy killing! Or probably heart attack."
,Recommended,222880,23259364,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Battlefool,"One of the best FPS realistic fps game i seen with different gamemodes, weapons and and many features. It also has really good graphics for a source engine game with good enough frame rate which makes it really enjoyable. Also has Co-op which is my favourite gamemode to play."
,Recommended,222880,14127171,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,RB,1. Join Server2. Your ping is high3. Quit server4. Close game!JK this game is fun the high ping ruins the game sometimes otherwise i love this game!
,Recommended,222880,21102550,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Commando..,"When we talk about Insurgency!Its One of the best FPS Realistic games I have ever played. It's more realistic than CS but not as hardcore as Arma.-No crosshairs-No health bars.-No ammo indicators.-No kill messages.-As you'd imagine with a game set in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan, the soundtrack is the crisp snap of modern weaponry..-It Has a great Steam-Workshop weapons/skins![ 8/10 ]"
76561198026416717,Recommended,222880,14446079,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,☭ Dagonner  ___¸.•'¯),"Really tough game, sweet graphics and smooth gameplay ,but the best thing about this game is community , there is no yelling kids and scammers, mostly nice ppl who know how to roleplay"
,Recommended,222880,13950889,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Erikson1997,"Insurgency, based on the Source Engine.I thought it would be a Counter Strike copy, with more detail put into it. But boy i was wrong... This game has to be one of my favourite games based on the Source Engine. The weapons in the game have a nice kick to it everytime you pull the trigger. PvP is not so forgiving, some people screaming ""Allahu akbar!"" and occasionally a little kid deep throating his mic, but there are players who try there best to work as a team, and try to accomplish the task given. Playing Co-Op could be a little repetitive, but you would find people who are friendly and like having fun (Such as detonating a C4 with 30 Bots flying in the air). My Favourite weapon would be the M249 SAW, Laying down 200 Rounds of pure freedom, it can cut through enemy waves as they desperately try to survive. For the price it is at it seems kind of like a steal (Comparing to Left for Dead 2) being around 12 CAD."
,Recommended,222880,28987773,Posted: 3 January,all,[PuLSe] Bb _All<3,Great Game Better than CS:GO Buy it Now!
,Recommended,222880,10112584,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Polisario,"Insurgency is a game reminding me of the golden age of shooters. It's a tactical realistic shooter, and it's a step in the right direction. As in 2014, it's a one of it's kind. And it is unique.It looks really good to be on the Source Engine compared to for example Titanfall which uses the same engine.The textures and especially the gun models are some of the best I've seen, to be honest. But, the player models lack quality.The maps looks nice. It's just that. They look nice, but nothing more. They're not good at all. Most of the maps are unfair, so one of the teams has an advantage so their weapon caches for example are in an open field. Easy for their snipers to prevent people from destroying them. And then the other side /team's caches are inbetween buildings and in cover, so the other team can easily go there and destroy the weapon caches without being sniped. On most of the maps, there will usually be one team that has the advantage.This pretty much ruins the experience for me.So, all in all.. It deserves a strong 8/10 as maps in a multiplayer-only game is very important."
,Recommended,222880,10363642,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Crazymistake,better than cs go
,Recommended,222880,18723553,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,lolschrauber,"This shooter has pretty much everything you want.- Aiming down sights- Prone- Sprint- Sliding on the ground- Leaning to side to side- Customizable loadouts- Plenty of different game modes- Coop mode against AI- Dark maps that use nightvisionThere are no killstreak rewards/mechanics or vehicles though, but maybe that's for the best.Developers are updating the game on a regular basis and the game just keeps getting better and better!Conclusion: This is a criminaly overlooked shooter that you shouldn't miss out on! Buy it, or I'll kill you in your sleep."
,Recommended,222880,9035680,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,-Bader..,This gams is literally better than Call of Duty .. for sure.The most thing that i liked about Insurgency is the weapons customization .. it is so realistic. If you added more weapons and nades your soulider will be heavier .. so choose the equipments carefully.Also the recoil and bullet are just .. amazing! I never thought it will be very detailed
,Recommended,222880,12177653,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Santerfed,spawn in. no crosshair. no hud exept a magazine counter in corner. you sprint towords a building and get shot down by a sniper across the street that you cant see. no hit detection and no kill cam means your killer stays hidden. this game is terrifying in its realism and is a must play for anyone who liked counterstrike or arma.
,Recommended,222880,9054844,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Dr. Ace Misanthrope,"Following the mod release in 2008 (Insurgency: Modern Infantry Combat) I found this new game...Being a fan of the mod I was devastated that it never became insanely popular.I have confidence that will not be a problem with this new game.Strong shooter, finding a happy medium between Counter Strike and ArmA.It combines the intense adrenaline of fast paced combat, with the realism style of ""hurry-up-and-wait"" when defending objectives. YOU MUST GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,222880,10719866,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ser Tuna of Pickleshire,"While not without some minor faults, Insurgency is really worth the buy. Extremely punishing for people who don't work as a team. One mistake and you're dead, this game is all about teamwork and supporting one another so you can come out on top. There's a great amount of tension within each game, you have to be aware that someone could be waiting around every corner, blitzing through the map and thinking you can take everyone out yourself just won't happen, it's a much slower paced game than other modern warfare multiplayer shooters, but by no means does it mean it's boring. Just watch out for the few elitists that are good at this game and feel the need to berate any 'noobs'."
,Recommended,222880,10482729,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,qq^^,I added ''allahu akbar sound mod'' its amazing 10/10
76561197982565433,Recommended,222880,13875671,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,ruwagrong,FANS OF RAINBOW SIX AND TACTICAL SHOOTERS WILL LOVE THIS
,Recommended,222880,9641320,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,THB.MrPink,I just bought this game 13 hours ago. And I already played 10 hours of it.11/10 It ruined my life :)
,Recommended,222880,8854640,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Yami,"At first Insurgency was a great source mod,fast and intense yet really gave it a unique feel, not just another source mod that felt like Half-Life 2. I've sunk many hours into the mod version on my old account,but the tense combat justnever gets old.Now the new version,This FPS is a great example of what modders are capable of making. WIth the community helping the devs over the course of the early-access campaign, the effort is clearly visable. The difference from the beta was ahugeleap forward as the game offcially released on steam.  In terms of quality, the game and the art beheind it is amazing, even more so for being an indie title. Finding yourself caught in a eerie situation; such as being the last man alive, and the only audiable thing is ambience yet you know you will die or kill anysecondin thisdamn desolate schoolbuilding.The standard server browser is still here, along with a simple matchmaking system providing different modes of play. Co-op is actually a blast, your entire team has to be on eachother's back since this has some of the scariest bots ive seen at times. (like just charging you outa nowhere)The game has been offcially released, but at the time of this review there are still bugs and other issues still present in the game. None seem to be gamebreaking, it's just it can get annoying if you just exit to the desktop with no error.There's alot of hope for the future in this game if it's done right.Id reccomend this game if you like: Red Orchestra/RS, Counter Strike, America's Army, Battlefield (If you liked the hardcore mode combat).[/b]tl;dr it's kinda like Red Orchestra, except on speed and more objectives"
,Recommended,222880,10426578,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,ҚalooNie,"Feels like you're in a real firefight. Very fun and immersive! Steam workshop makes this game even better with custom skins, HUDs, etc."
,Recommended,222880,15781228,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,TraviztY ッ,"Hands down the best Hardcore FPS set in modern times, Great Multiplayer and Co-op Servers with mods, custom maps and Steam Workshop. Only thing its missing is a SP/Co-op story line."
,Recommended,222880,15084649,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mint Isobel,This is like the elements of COD and BF3 combined. Fast paced yet highly realistic action 10/10
,Recommended,222880,23308631,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,tea,"First review ever, so forgive me if I lack some stuff.Before I get into the typical pro's and con's, let me tell you a bit about the game. Forgive me if this sounds like a trailer for the game.InsurgencyThis wonderful game known as Insurgency has a lot to offer, if you're up for a challenge. Before we get into the main game things, let me tell you one thing. This game is NOT the most graphically appealing game out there. To be honest it looks like a game from 5 years ago or more, but obviously, there's a lot more to a game than graphics. This game has some very, very nice weapon behaviour. The weapon will kick very hard, unless you have a foregrip, but if you get a foregrip, you might not be able to get a sight, or some AP ammo. The game needs you to decide what you want to bring into the battlefield with you, but you'll only be able to bring what you really need. There's different classes to suit different playstyles. I personally will go for the Rifleman on Security (CT) side, and the Sharpshooter on Insurgent (T) side. TRUE SNIPERS GO MOSIN AP AMMO IRON SIGHTS ONLY. This game also greatly rewards teamwork. On most gamemodes, if your team is communicating properly, and you're all decent players, you're chance of victory is extremely high. Talk to your teammates, help people, and don't become a salty burden for your team, it helps nobody. The maps are pretty big, and will sometimes live to the most heart-pounding moments of your life, you're a small group of five people, the enemy has 1 wave left, you have 0. You are all running low on ammo, and somehow, you win the round. When you do things like that in this game, it's incredible satysfing. One thing though, this game, is very tough on beginners. You'll be a burden to your team, people will get mad at you, some people might roleplay like terrorists (join them, it's fun). Don't mind them, skill comes with practice, and one day, you will too be the MVP. The community is very nice for a game like this, of course you have your salty people like in every game, but most people are nice. One of my gaming and skype buddies, I met through Insurgency. I love this game, I love how it's not made to be as fair as games like CS:GO, yet it is, I love the community and modders. I give this game my 10/10 for sure. If you're up for a realistic challenge, buy it.Pros- Realistic mechanics- Tactical gameplay- Good community- Mods(http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=604003221, my collection ;] )- Active developers (competitive mode coming up!)Cons- Graphics- Panj (You'll get this when you buy the game ;] )"
,Recommended,222880,14133061,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Kozzy-New Curb Your Enthusiasm!,"A wonderful realistic military shooter that has some aspects of ARMA, Rainbow Six and CS that I enjoy. If you like the map styles of Counterstrike you will probably enjoy this game. If you like the simulation/realistic shooting in ARMA or Rainbow Six, I have a feeling you will enjoy this game. If you liked the old Ghost Recon games you will probably enjoy this game.The atmosphere is top notch, the gunplay feels very very good (it has literally my favorite handgun/pistol gunplay ever), the controls are right where I would like them, the levels are well designed and most importantly it is just a blast to play.After the horrible garbage that was Takedown: Red Sabre, it was so good to see another indie shooter that was gunning for the same crowd come in and just NAIL it, near perfectly. Every single aspect is better in this game, so fans of any of those games i mentioned above now have another modern style sim/realistic shooter that is fun to play with friends and calls for teamwork.The ai is good in this game so you really have to take you're time and be ready for some intense firefights. I enjoy playing coop on this as I did in Ghost Recon/Rainbow Six back in the day, a ton of fun with friends!In the end this is a shining example of how to do a indie shooter in a niche area and do it well. Also this was a early access game and another good example of how EA games should be. What are you waiting for? Pick this game up asap and support some pretty awesome devs! Two big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,222880,10402148,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,FlamingSausages,This game is amazing.I really cant recommend it enough. This game is only like 15 dollars and yet to me its worth about $30-$40.
76561198044899887,Recommended,222880,11066305,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Lowcascade,Quality realism.
,Recommended,222880,32867179,Posted: 27 June,all,~S9~ Slappy012,This is by far the greates game I have ever added to my Library. 300 hours in and I know ill never find another game like this. As someone who very much enjoys team based gameplay I really enjoy the COOP aspect of this game. Everything from the offical servers to custom servers are easy to find and usually very populated. Be advised though this game is not CSGO or COD it has its own challenges and its own VERY steep learning curve. Because of this players who misunderstand the concept of the game often get frustrated and end up team killing/ trolling in general. Weather the storm of the steam sale and in a few months the community will once again be filled with players who take this game seriously
,Recommended,222880,17622931,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Texie,"The mod that makes it so when the terrorist forces throw explosives, they say a variant of ""Allahu Akbar!"" Is the best thing to ever happen.   9/11 would spam 'nades at security forces again."
,Recommended,222880,15073722,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Darawnal,"The only way to win: Grab an RPG, yell ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" and blow up those infidels back to their mommies.10/10 ISIS Training Simulator."
,Recommended,222880,8812554,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,lain_^p,going prone up laddersshooting rpgs into spawnbest game ever
76561198018207440,Recommended,222880,10997317,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,WarHead,Great tactical shooter.
,Recommended,222880,9779067,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,nmo0ory,صراحة لعبة خيالية !وبتكون من العابي المفضلةاحسن شي فيها روح التعاونفي الكو اوب تحتاج انتا واصحاب تكونو متعاونينولو تلعبها مع اصحابك وهما معاك يتكلمو تقدرو تفوزو بسهولةلنه اساسيات اللعبة تجي من التعاونالملتي بلير كمان شي حلوبس ال CO-OP احسه افضلواللعبة انصح بشرائهاولو لك نفس تلعب معانا حياك الله في التيم اسبيكts.skullix.com
76561198212995911,Not Recommended,222880,29887837,Posted: 12 February,all,Vash,I don't have very long in game time on this. But Battle Eye is a cancer on this game that will kill it faster than Overwatch would ever do to TF2. Only reason for this review is to remove battle Eye.
76561198311376410,Not Recommended,222880,29794160,Posted: 8 February,all,PREACHER,"the last patch sucks big time, the game crashes all the time, everything is wrong with it now so you guys need a FAST UPDATE TO FIX THE GAME AND BRING EVERYTHING BACK"
76561198220614121,Not Recommended,222880,29882358,Posted: 12 February,all,Predator,"Up until a few days ago, I would have easily recommended this game to anyone who would ask me to tell them about a good tactical FPS. Then, BattlEye was added and things changed.FIrst of all, I wasn't planning on reviewing this game anytime soon, or at all, because 40 hours of playtime just isn't enough to review it in a way that would be ""acceptable"" to the majority of the community, and before I'd get to that level, I assume Sandstorm would be released. But, rather than ever giving it a positive review, here I am giving one of my favorite games on Steam, one of my favorite FPS games ever a negative review. All because of some dumb software that I never saw people requesting.Insurgency never had a cheater problem. Ask anyone with hundreds of more hours in this game than me. They all talk about seeing only one cheater in the game ever, or none at all. VAC was enough for this game. Seriously, it was.On February 8th an update was released bringing a lot of changes that were well accepted, for example I was really happy to see the pitch-black nighttime setting of Dry Canal being fixed. However, BattlEye was also added, an anti-cheat software that nobody who bought the game before its implementation had agreed to have it included.There will always be people who don't have a problem with BattlEye in any sense and consider everyone who does paranoid. And there will, of course, always be people who either have a personal issue with the software, or technical.The main reason why I don't support BattlEye, never have and never will is quite simple. It is way too INTRUSIVE. You can argue with it NOT DOING things that an anti-cheat software shouldn't, but you have to agree it CAN do way more than it's supposed to.Another thing, way too many people are experiencing issues with Insurgency after installing BattlEye, from major gameplay issues to not being able to start the game.Now, you don't HAVE TO install BattlEye, which of course, I didn't, BUT if you choose not to, you will be shown the middle finger. You are only allowed to play Cooperative and Singleplayer game-modes (against bots), along with game-modes included in unofficial Multiplayer servers.Insurgency won't be so kind to let you know that you are about to join a server with BattlEye enabled, so trying to join it without the software installed will violently lock you out with a gray screen, and there's nothing you can do except force your way out of the game.If you do however want to connect to Multiplayer servers knowing they don't have BattlEye, then you will have to ensure that manually, through the server browser, selecting ""do not include"" - ""battleye"". Now you are just left with the wonderful task of not joining a match that forces you to download Workshop items.Great move, developers. I hope the constant flow of negative reviews will at least get you thinking..."
76561198081850183,Recommended,222880,13489536,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,O v e r k l l,"Team screamed ""ALLAH AKBAR"" As we shot shot an RPG inside a house, killing all inside,10/10 would play again"
76561198055473724,Recommended,222880,11801940,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Tankslayer_TFX,"Better, more realistic version of Counter-Strike basically."
,Not Recommended,222880,29839487,Posted: 10 February,all,Deus,>battleeyeThanks for ruining this game New World Interactive. ♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,222880,30189697,Posted: 26 February,all,Cuntasaurus Flex,"An anti-cheat program watching me play is fine. An anti-cheat program reading the files on my computer is okay, I guess. An anti-cheat program that saves data taken from my computer on their servers is fishy, but I can deal with it. What I can't deal with is an anti-cheat program reserving the right to share that data with business partners. I don't care how much they stress they respect privacy and don't record personal information. The most recent update implementing Battleye was a terrible choice by devs. Don't support them.From the Battleye EULA:- Licensor stores all information collected by BattlEye on servers located in Europe and/or the US. Licensor may share the information with its partners and/or affiliates."
,Recommended,222880,9335760,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,tree,"TL;DR = This game is probably one of the best FPS's of 2013-2014. I highly recommend it.When I first played this game, it was back when it was a mod. I enjoyed the mod, but it felt lacking. There was something about the way that it played that removed depth and I think it was that it was the lack of ambience. It just never had the depth in sound that this game does. Sound makes a difference, a huge difference. However, I assure you that this isn't the only gripe with the mod. Anyway, back to this game.When I first loaded the game back when it first came out, it didn't feel any different from the mod. There were game breaking glitches but they have been corrected now. There aren't as many glitches if there are any. It plays smoothly and very well.The matchmaking portion of the game works like CoD Ghosts AND TF2. It being a source game, you can opt out of the matchmaking and use the server menu. The matchmaking isn't bad, though. There are a few options you can choose when selecting a server, such as ""Do not join full servers"". You can also choose which maps you want to filter out. I have yet to have be added into a game with higher than 100 ping, although that could do with my location (East Coast U.S.A.).The game plays like the mod, but there are new changes. They've added suppression and dive sliding. You can further customize weapons like add different ammunition types (AP, HP and Tracer rounds). AP rounds do more damage to armored targets and HP does more damage to unarmored targets. There are a few different types of scopes you can add on your gun such as a holographic sight or an acog sight. You can purchase these attachments with supply points that you earn after every round.All of the guns handle pretty realisticly and force you to focus on range and accuracy rather than fully automatic fire. On maps like Peak, it is all outside and it forces you to use single fire, but in maps like Ministry where you battle through hallways, you can use automatic fire. When you use automatic fire, your accuracy suffers. It can also be noted that being shot at lowers accuracy due to suppression.There are four different game-mode categories. Tactical Operations, Sustained Combat, Adversial Match and Cooperative Vs. AI. In Tactical Operations it focuses on one-life battles. If you die, you must wait until the round ends to respawn. In Sustained Combat, you respawn every 15'ish seconds until your reinforcements run out. In Adversarial Match, you respawn every captured objective. Cooperative Vs. AI plays like Adversarial Match, except it is played against bots. Each of these categories have their own sub-gamemodes that include: Firefight, Flashpoint, Infiltrate, Occupy, Push, Skirmish, Ambush, Strike, Vendetta and Checkpoint.Firefight is an Adversarial gamemode in which you must capture all of the enemy checkpoints and reinforcements are replenished every objective captured.Flashpoint is an Adversarial gamemode in which you must overpower the enemy team and destroy their weapon caches which are scattered around the map.Infiltrate is an Adversarial gamemode in which you must capture the enemy's intelligence and it plays like Capture the Flag.Occupy is a Sustained Combat gamemode and it plays much like capture the flag.Push is a Sustained Combat gamemode plays like the mod's original gamemode, it is a Sustained Combat gamemode in which you must capture checkpoints and push back the enemy force.Skirmish is a Sustained Combat gamemode which plays out like Domination on CoD, you must capture and control all of the enemy's points and destroy their weapon cache. To win, you can also eliminate all of the opposing force.Ambush is Tactical Operations gamemode in which a team must escort a high valued target to safety. If the high valued target dies, the escorts will lose the match.Strike is Tactical Operations gamemode where both teams fight to destroy eachothers weapon caches. When a cache blows up, the round ends.VIP is Tactical Operations gamemode works slightly like Ambush, except in this game mode you must find and capture each of the enemy's control points without letting your leader die.The HUD is very immersive and shows you how many magazines you have left and your current fire mode. It also shows you your supply points. It also shows you the captured points and where the points are. If a team member spots an enemy player it will show their location.When you join into a game, you are shown two different squads each with their own different ""Loadouts"". They're all customizeable and they all play a different role in combat. There are specialists who specialize in SMG's and Carbines and fight at close range and then there are Riflemen who specialize in rifles and fight in medium to far range. Those aren't the only squad loadouts, but I won't go into the others.It features a fully 3D voice chat system in which friendlies and enemies can both hear you if you're in the vicinity. It can be pretty intense hearing the enemies at a distance. The sound is also pretty intense. The guns sound really good and they echo around the map so when small skirmishes are happening, you can hear them going on from across the map. In a few maps, you are able to hear background noise such as car horns, people talking, babies crying and it really adds to the effect when you're fighting in a city.There (As of this review) are about 12 maps which are different in their own ways. They all require different types of tactical approaches.Anywho, this concludes my review, I hope that this helps sway your opinion towards buying this game. I wouldn't exactly base your entire opinion off of this review, so make sure you watch videos on the game. I HIGHLY recommend it. It's EXTREMELY fun.EDIT 2: Changed the review from No to Yes and edited it to say what the TL;DR message says.EDIT 3: I have decided to add everything that comes after the TL;DR message"
,Recommended,222880,16938274,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Scratch,"One time when I was a small child about 8yrs old, my father took me to an amusement park. At this amusment park there was one of those game stands. How you beat this certain game was by throwing a ball into a bucket slightly tilted downward. Simple right? Sure, simple, and by simple I mean the biggest ♥♥♥♥en scam I've ever seen in my life. I spent my entire years allowance on this game which amounted to 20$ (Which is like 1000$ in the hands of a 8yr old) and every time i missed and it would make me extremly angry. I cried, i threw a fit, I was not a happy child. That game changed me when i was 8, I would stay awake at night thinking of different ways to throw the ball and every year I would come back to try the same game again, but everytime I failed.After a while i figured it was hopeless and i would never play that game again because it was the hardest thing i ever had to do at such a young age.*9years later*I get on steam and go to my library and there lay the game Insurgency, a game i bought a year ago just for the sake of it being on sale.*Launch Game*One time when I was a teen about 17yrs old, I logged myself into my steam account. In this steam account there were many games, this game was an FPS that resembled any other multiplayer FPS. How you beat this certain game was by killing everyone while constantly being shot at from every single ♥♥♥♥ing direction while your team yells at you. Simple right? Sure, simple, and by simple I mean the hardest ♥♥♥♥en multiplayer FPS I've ever played in my life. I spent my entire years allowance on this game which amounted to 10$ (Which is like 100,000$ in the hands of a 17yr old) and every time i didn't destroy an objective or got shot the second i left the spawn point it made me angrier. I cried, i threw a fit, I was not a happy teen. That game changed me when i was 17, I would stay awake at nigh thinking of different ways to aim or take an objective every day I would come back to try again, but everytime I failed.After a while i figured i was hopeless and i would never play that game again because it was the hardest thing i ever had to do at such a young age.Rip:("
,Recommended,222880,9013837,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,RadioG00se,"Very fun game that reminds me of the old school days of Counter Strike, although it is a lot more tactical than Counter Strike and often uses a lot more teamwork, and people have to actively perform the role of their class.I'd recommend it for any fan of FPS games, but remember that is isnt COD, and it's not team deathmatch. Capturing the points and completing objectives is mandatory in this game!If you're looking for an arcade style shooter then stay away from this one, as this is a lot more tactical and intense than similar FPS games. This game requires teamwork, so make sure to have a mic as well."
,Recommended,222880,14103491,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Tom,If you spent $30.00 on Dayz or $20.00 on H1Z1 and don't buy this for $5.00 your ♥♥♥♥ing idiot. 10/10
,Recommended,222880,16436213,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Deadtone,This game is by far one of my most favorite games with its more intricate controls of the player and many fun game modes. Its one that I love and one I definitally reccommend.
,Recommended,222880,20477441,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Calum°,"Honestly, this is the first multiplayer game that I can say that I have really gotten into. There are flaws, for sure, but overall, the gunplay is awesome, the maps are pretty good, and it balances realism and arcade-iness really well. The devs need to sort out some things regarding performance, and the changes to some maps on Ambush were completely unnecessary. Also, why does the Model 10 exist?But yeah, good game. Give it a go, I've had some fun times with this one."
,Recommended,222880,12859468,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,A_Shooting_BusH!_,"One of the only shootergames that can give me the chill down the back and or sweat on my ball's lol. This is like CS:GO but with missions like bring the ViP to a safe place that is my fav mode.The realism is above other tactical fps games ive been trying out - and with the new night maps where u can either choose to blind close by enemys with ur flashlight or use Night Vision Googles takes this game to hole new level!!If u like games where voice communication is a ""must"" to complete tactical movement...Then this is absolutely the game for you!!!Beware that the movement of your char is a different from CS:GO and takes 1-2 days to get into....but when you master the controlling then you can start living yourself 110% into the game.Voice is turned on auto with push to talk and you can communicate in both lobby and in-game."
,Recommended,222880,18647443,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Gary Winthorpe,This game is amazing   GET ON THE SERNIX SERVER
,Recommended,222880,27450826,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dellie,"I can only speak for the Co-Op (PvE) game play as I have yet to try Multiplayer (PvP).It's been a lot of fun playing Insurgency Co-Op. I wasn't sure what to think of it going in as it's not exactly the newest game out there, but I'm glad I decided to give it a try.The community has been very friendly and helpful. There are five different game modes in Co-Op to suit different tastes and play styles. A lot of different maps to play on, many with nighttime versions (bring on the night vision!). Not to mention a whole lot more great custom maps made by the community.This game lends itself well to playing cooperatively with other players and it's a ton of fun to work towards the same goals together. There isn't any character progression meaning weapons to unlock or skills. Just whatever load out you choose from a list of classes and weapons. From there, you can mix and match weapons and their attachments. For me, this works out well as it's really easy to just hop in and out of a game, play and have fun.One nice feature is proximity voice chat/sounds. Makes it easier to tell from which direction your teammates are speaking to you from, shots are being fired from, nearby footsteps, etc.Overall, I definitely recommend this game for Co-Op play and I hear Multiplayer is a blast as well. When I purchased Insurgency, it was on sale for $4.99 and I can honestly say, it's the best use of $5 bucks I've had on Steam so far. Right now, during this autumn sale, it's going for $1.99. Seriously, at $2 I'd say it's worth at least trying it out. :)*A friendly tip for new players:The UI is unobtrusive. The game doesn't constantly remind you to reload your weapon and what not. So be mindful of how many shots you've fired or you may find yourself listening to the ""click-click of death"" at the worst possible times. lol"
,Recommended,222880,19835698,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,stevo,Awesome game
,Recommended,222880,12923709,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Arttu motskari,Awesome game!its like red orchestra and cs:go would have unprotected S3X and this came out of V4GIN4
,Recommended,222880,16430007,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,HeyMacy,"Totally worth it. I hope I don't get attacked for this, but I actually prefer it over CSGO :o"
76561198068000638,Recommended,222880,8707928,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,yourmindin4D,Seriously... the feeling the gameplay its all amazing and intense. Definintly worth buying
,Recommended,222880,8945656,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,[102] Jawsh,"This game is downright awesome. I love the competitiveness they brought into this game. You have to be aware of everything in this game. You have to think about what you're doing, keeping track of deaths, how many bullets left you have in your magazine, etc.This isn't a game where you can just run around just shooting your weapon all crazy like. It's a game of teamwork and playing smart.I would have easily payed full retail price of what most games are these days for this honestly. I never got a chance to play the mod, but i'm sure as hell glad i payed for this."
,Recommended,222880,8853381,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jayson,"Somehow, this has managed to be one of the most refreshing online shooters I've played in a while. Despite the fact that you have shooters like ARMA, as well as games like Red Orchestra 2 and Battlefield 4 that encourage tactics, Insurgency manages to find it's own place that helps distinguish it from the rest while feeling every bit as deserving of a spot in your library. While running on the aging Source Engine, the games visuals consistently manage to surprise, especially considering how well it handles some of its more open environments and medium to long range combat without the slightest framerate hitch.For those who have managed to read this far, the game offers several games modes. Two for co-op, one of which is a survival/horde mode, three that are similar to Counter Strike's round-based gameplay, and three that have a limited number of respawns in the form of waves, closer to Red Orchestra. 32 player limit, a decent number of maps that offer a lot of different play styles, a unique loadout menu, NO PERKS/KILLSTREAKS (yaaaaaaaaay!!!), and incredibly well done sound effects.Again, this game definitely gets my seal of approval, and don't forget to try to convince some others to check it out too!"
,Recommended,222880,10590665,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Daviesaurus- Rex,♥♥♥♥inBadassBro
76561198022046143,Recommended,222880,11651294,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Preacher,Very good game ! very realistic! A++ 10/10
76561198073411359,Recommended,222880,8729153,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ФDeadEyeФ,"This game is an awesome time. It can appeal to many types of players with the different game modes, especially with the WIP Co-Op mode which is already fun as it is for a group of friends. The gun play is very nice, no 'headshot lotto' type gameplay as aiming for the chest you will find more success.After the last update I felt the need to write this, also as it's become so close to release. It is still yet an undiscovered gem by most of the masses, and I truly hope that will change soon. The Developers cleary want this game to succeed, going by the change log alone you can see this. Almost every concern I had with the game was crushed by the latest update, and although I'm not giving them praise as the best shooter to ever hit the market - they are well on their way to make a name for themselves as a company who actually cares about the players.Great to hop on and go rambo in a sustained match, or an axiety filled tactical clan match where around every corner could be a bullet through your skull. See you on the field!"
76561198039468503,Recommended,222880,9331000,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Marwan_000,A really massive suprise from an indie studio!!!!!!! :DReally recommend this game for hardcore gamers.
,Recommended,222880,9485299,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,BuzzVamp,"I take Counter Strike seriously even though its a casual game... This game is the exact opposite, the realism is insane as hell, your CoD skills and CS:GO skills won't help you very much here, but even though you die you have the best moments of your gaming life playing this game, you practically♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself all the time because of the atmosphere makes you feel as if you are really in the sketchy♥♥♥♥♥apartments you are usually in all game, get this game beacuse you will laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off whenever you play with friends, it could also ruin friendships by the way."
76561197983455415,Recommended,222880,9646682,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,OVERUNITY GENERATOR ENERGY FREE,"This game is one of the best FPS on the market. Reaslistic ballistic damage along with a community of player that use teamwork. Not so much bc they want to, but bc of the way this game is structured it so greatly rewards teamwork, that a good community has clung and this is now the only FPS i lanuch anymore TBH. Any of the other FPS i own just dont feel right when I shoot or hit target."
,Recommended,222880,11006607,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Eesa,"I do not regret paying my £11 for this before it went on offer, one of the best games I have ever played. The realism and the intensity of this game is awesome! Your gun actually protrudes smoke when shot and that can actually suppress your targets. I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a realism game."
76561198038959476,Recommended,222880,9353840,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,TotalFreakUK,"Fricking fantastic! These guy's should be charging more for this superb game! Good maps, hardcore only, weapons feel, act and sound great! Without a doubt should be voted the best indie game 2014! Absolute bargain"
,Recommended,222880,13859499,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Pulsar Actual,Leading fire team through a bombed out street our demo goes down and we scatter...a few moments after we move down both sides of the street our specailist yells out RPG!! and 1/2 the team is hit....its just me the rifleman and the DM....2 ak's come through the door and kill the rifleman.....down to 1 mag.....running to EVAC with VIP i take a hit and drpp to cover.....take out my .45 and blindfire the corner......a frag lands at my feet....and as i close my eyes in sadness i hear the victory theme as the vip makes it to the EVAC zone.......PTSD shortly after...best experiance of my life in a TFPS....10/10
,Recommended,222880,20128191,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,PeekabooNasty,"- TL;DR -Back in the COD days on consoles, before I built my own computer, I always wanted a tactical shooter game. Everyone knew how COD was, but at the time I thought that was the best shooter game to own. When Battlefield 3 came out, I was all over that game. In my eyes, it was based more on teamwork, tactics, and strategy; so much more than what COD is. After a few years of playing it, and when Battlefield 4 came out, I was sick of it. Shooter games just felt the same.Fast forward a few more years, I eventually built my first own PC, and I was lucky to have a friend gift me CS:GO. I played it for a bit, and enjoyed Arms Race since it was the gametype that I was most familiar with (besides Deathmatch). It wasn't until 2 years later that I discovered what CS:GO was really about. Even more tactics, teamwork, strategy, and a lot of skill. I love CS:GO and will forever love CounterStrike. While playing this, I sometimes hop on COD:WAW just to see how much my taste in shooter games evolved. I'll never forget where I came from. I played on servers that were crouch only, which was different than the normal COD gameplay that I'm used to, but I kind of liked it. It was slow, and felt more like a war game. Still, even those servers weren't what I was looking for. The rules were all over the place. The rules were rules, which I didn't like.Years and years later, the Steam Winter Sale of 2015 came by, and I wasn't expecting to purchase any games. I looked at the store, and found many games on sale, and then there it was... Insurgency. It was only $5.09, so I thought I'd give it a look. I clicked, and I watched the trailer. It looked interesting. I began to YouTube reviews, gameplay, and commentary on the game. It was all speaking what I liked to hear about a shooter game, and so I purchased it.Now, I won't explain the experience I had with this game (since I only played for about 7 hours at this time), but I can tell you Insurgency is the shooter game I've been wanting all along. It takes real teamwork, real communication, and real strategy to play the game right. If you're an FPS fan and been wanting a an experience that combines the gameplay that ArmA & CS:GO have, then I really recommend this game. ツ"
76561197970405821,Recommended,222880,23276916,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,QUICKFRIEDOOZE,SCREW CS AND COD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198038715151,Recommended,222880,8834861,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Nivellen,"They need to make a hardcore mode for this game. No HUD or kill confirm. No team markers either. Other than that it's a real fun game. Not having a HUD or kill confirm will make the game more realistic and fun. I've heard that the game used to be like this but they changed it for some reason. I hope it was for a good reason because changing that made the game feel like call of duty or battlefield. If they want to appeal to the COD fans then they can go right ahead an do that. But for the audience who prefer a more realistic game with teamwork and strategy, please add in a hardcore mode. Do it for us. Please."
,Recommended,222880,9021463,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,thefurbmeister,"I will start by saying that this game is not for everyone.It has a very similar feel to CS:GO, but with a much more realistic and dramatic play style to it. Kills and deaths are more significant, and more rewarding. This is NOT a game where you can sprint around with a knife or run head first into their whole team and shotgun the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them.This game is very fun if you can be patient and tactical. Communication and teamwork is the key to success, and makes the game much more fun to play. It's also important to note that the game does a great job at keeping people occupied with defending or attacking objectives (most of the time) - since capturing objectives allows your team to respawn.For those of you who have played and enjoyed Red Orchestra/Rising storm, you may want to consider this game. If you were to take the mechanics and realism from Red Orchestra and apply to to CS:GO, this game is what you'll get.For $15 bucks, I'd say I've gotten my money's worth already, and I haven't put many hours in, just know that you probably won't get the hang of it right away."
,Recommended,222880,9073943,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,NecroSummoner,"This game is the first onhttp://www.gamehandout.comto receive a perfect score. Such an amazing game, especially for being labeled under the indie title. A must have for anyone who loves realism, and any FPS fan. I'm not a FPS fan myself, but this game has drawn me in like no other. With 22 hours of gameplay in a matter of a week, it is one of the most fun game I've played!"
,Recommended,222880,10760005,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jack,"This game is a for sure on to buy. And no I'm not a friend of the developers or being paid. This game is a ""Changer"" in the FPS world. With no exaggerated bullet drop, Insurgency makes combat in both close and far easy and simple. But of course, you need skill. For example, I've gotten so good at using the Markov I; Lets just say... Can go 23 and 0... I hope this persuades any of you curious buyers! So buy it! Play it! And Enjoy!!!"
,Recommended,222880,11633233,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MikeNcali,"this is a awesome game its better that bf4 , bf3 , tf2 and all of those games"
,Recommended,222880,11647996,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Stenmann #DetNem,"Bullets fly past your head while you're spraying your weapon against, what is supposed to be the enemy. You bend down behind cover because you fear for your life. It seems like the fight just settled down. So do you. You sit down, and starts to reload your RPK, while preparing your pistol for another Close Quarter encouter. You think: ""This is going pretty well. I've encountered ten enemies without even getting shot yet! I'm immortal, I guess."" Bang. Shot in the chest twice, by an enemy coming from behind.Yup. Two shots is enough. Not any of that Call Of Duty crap. Two shots can kill you in this game.And that is the great part! Players don't just run out from their cover and starts Rambo'ing through the whole map. And that makes the game more fun, if you ask me.You'll also learn to worship your life more, as you're not just able to respawn after you've been killed.You have to wait until next spawn wave, or wait for your team to capture a strategic position.Sometimes, you will end up, being the last guy on the team alive. This creates some really cool Last-stand moments.One more cool feature I really appreciate.. No ""Player1 killed Player2"" information in the upper right corner! If you wanna know if you killed a guy, you'll have to see him die, or just hope for it!So to wrap this whole thing up.. This is kinda like a real war simulation game.It's like Arma, but much more fast-paced.(Go look for a clan of some sort. This game is fantastic, if you're actually doing things the tactical way.)I totally recommend this game!"
76561198136604721,Recommended,222880,11806692,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,TheTrickyTrickster,"This game is fantastic!!!!! In COD, people would brag about they're ""MLG 360-no scopes"" or spawn killing.But when they step into Insurgency, they cant brag about anything cuz u need ur team, teamwork is incredibly important in this game, and it teaches u to play with ur teamates and respect them rather that just go in guns blazing and then shower ur self in self-pride. Insurgency provivdes realistic gameplay of how a team of military personel help each other, and u will need to form creative tactic along the way. I will put emphasis on ""teamwork', and ur wit and quick thinking. It does not matter if ur incredibly good in COD ( except for the fact if ur a good shot) u WILL need ur team and ur thinking to win, and of course ur gun.... FOR me, i give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,9706099,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Cashmere Keith,"This game beats Call of Duty and Battlefield by far. It is such a great game, so much fun to play with or with out friends. This is so super real and you can change settings to make it even better. This game is so much fun you can play this game for hours and no two battles are the same. I hope this game gets a lot better than it is; this game is too amazing and fun not to have more active players. Dont think about this game just BUY IT."
,Recommended,222880,9605309,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,TaikaVatkain,"Here is a great indie game. For those who consider the realistic battles and a good atmosphere as a reguirement for a FPS shooter. When you hear a shot from near or far, it triggers your senses, you will have to be alert all the time because you probably will get one shotted in this game.I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,222880,10323665,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Mhodge,"You shouldn't be reading this. Instead, you should be purchasing this game!Listen, it can be frustrating at first. For the first 10-20 hours or so, you are going to want to throw your computer across the room... You'll yell in frustration as you have no idea why you are dying, struggle to come to grips with the idea that bullets hurt, and wonder why tatics you've used in other multiplayer FPS aren't working. It's going to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.But stick it out! Once you start to learn some of the tricks, you'll find an intensly rewarding gaming experience. Having well over 200 hours on this game, I still look forward to playing, and it never gets old. You have to remember this is a tactical shooter, so you have to be thinking with that mindset. Your job is to outsmart your enemy and complete objectives. Your K:D ratio isn't the focus of the game, and with the lack of crosshair, your going to have to aim down your sites if you hope to hit anything. Play the objectives, learn the maps and your K:D ratio will go up.I'm still learning, but a few tips that may help in your adventure: Take it slow. If you try to rush into the firefight, you will die. Quickly. Check your corners, and re-check them. Play the objectives, and the kills will come naturally. Communicate, communicate, communicate. Most imporantly, have fun and don't let the frustration get to you!"
76561198044076774,Recommended,222880,10693798,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Hal the Pirate,"2 hours in and I love it. It brings more realism and tactics into the fps genre and produces a intense, adrenaline pumping experience. It can also run on my crappy laptop so that's a plus as well. A great addition to anyone's library."
,Recommended,222880,10756425,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sir Squanchy,"Team up with players, make new friends. Then lay waste to your enemy!Wash, rinse, repeat."
,Recommended,222880,10772407,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Weekly Wafflepiezz,"""IGN: 11/10 realistic game, no more CoD or Battlefield boys lone wolfing and bunny hopping around, customizable guns, steam workshop supported, 1-3 shot kill, would bang, allah akbar"""
,Recommended,222880,12009576,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Dope,Peeking around corners is a no no.
,Recommended,222880,12819560,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Swan,Great game to Allahu Akbar in!
,Recommended,222880,12916760,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,PreferablyNot,"If you like realistic pew pew games, this is for you."
,Recommended,222880,13026904,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,CPL-Jeff,Very good game i recommend it to all Arma DayZ .... etc players :)
,Recommended,222880,13285635,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Callum Mc,"very fun game and for such a small dev team it's a wonder how they managed to put in so much time, effort and polish into making the game from the sound, mechanics and just the sheer amount of content provided. Worth the purchase at full price."
,Recommended,222880,13424371,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,西宮 硝子 Nezoshins,"Great game, this game isnt like any COD titles. Targetted for players who like tactial, unforgiving, real life shooter. Not recommended for people who like COD. Weekly patches, great servers, the best tactial shooter out there"
76561198011490224,Recommended,222880,13708710,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,wantedpumpkin,It's like CS: GO except it doesn't suck.
76561198015319710,Recommended,222880,9044099,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,indyora,"It plays like a combination of America's Army and Red Orchestra 2, leaning more towards the latter. I'm honestly shocked how smooth it plays for an indie game; the gunplay stands up to any AAA title you can produce.  If you like working with your teammates, thoughtfully advancing to your next position and carefully planning which objective to take, this is the game for you. One wrong move could mean instant death, and you will die often with no idea where you were shot from. Not a game for the impatient, microphones are a near necessity. Great game and great community."
,Recommended,222880,9711037,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Tim_Fragmagnet,Arma taught me that bullets are scary.This game taught me HOW scary they are.
76561198119622827,Recommended,222880,10813763,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,jeg,"half PTSD sim, half spawncamping sim. it's pretty good.but they need to fix these ♥♥♥♥ing broken♥♥♥♥♥maps."
,Recommended,222880,18891208,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Slavberry,"I change my mind. This game is good again.+ Coop is a lot more fun now.+ Main menu and interface is improved and not a CS:GO clone anymore.+ Multiplayer is not a lag fest anymore.- Competitive multiplayer mode is lacking, doesn't feel competitive at all. Just feels like regular multiplayer mode but with 5v5.- Community is still pretty cancerous but not as bad as CS:GO at least."
76561198001272623,Recommended,222880,12953821,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Sageillumini,Most realistic FPS I've played. Really nice.
,Recommended,222880,19798013,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,im not playing,I'm a former CSGO player but I still think this game is superb and amazing10/10 would read reviews about people saying csgo players cant handle this game.
,Recommended,222880,16487022,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,'Raikkonen,"If you don't have the patience to Guard the bomb sites or the hostages in CS:GO, don't ever buy this game."
,Recommended,222880,13252429,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Signal the Computer Canine,"Pros:-The game makes you tense.-Guns are well balanced-Damage model is realistic. It is a two shot kill at the most for every gun. (it's a pro if you like those kind of damage models.)-Grenade spam is non-existant.-People work with their team often.-finding servers is easy.-When you ADS the scope itself zooms in and not the outside of the scope.-Game CAN be played on older hardware.-Nice selection of graphics options.-HUD is minimal (the only thing that shows up on screen is where the objactives are.-You must rely on sounds of gun shots and foot steps to out smart your enemy.Cons:-Grenades are not very effective it most situations.-If you do not know the maps you will be killed often.-Co-op bots are not the greatest sometimes. They can seem to have aimbot. Or just be really stupid.-Co-op does not give you very many respawns unless you are playing checkpoint.-Some people can be a jerk to you when you make a bad descision.-There is no match making that allows you to play with lower skilled players.-No unlocking weapons or anything like that.-Graphics are not the greatest as it is running on the source engine.-Key bindings can sometimes clear themselves and not work when you are rebinding a key, or reopening the game.Summary:This game is great overall for the price! Humble Bundle boosted the games popularity and made it so much easier to find servers. i have 23 hours into the game as of this review. and I play this game often! It is a great FPS that beats CoD and Battlefield. My major complaint it there is no skill based match making, as it makes it difficult for new players to get a feel for the games mechanics. Do I reccomend this game? ABSOLUTLY YES!"
76561198157721124,Recommended,222880,17335287,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Paintee,"I would like to start this review saying that this game is exceedingly difficult. Whether you are playing Co-op, or multiplayer. It requires a lot of attention, ""game sense"", and also some previous first person experiences. Even then, for your first 1-3 hours, you will rack up very few kills. But be patient, and you will pull through. It is amazing value for money, with a ton of gamemodes to choose from, including checkpoint, which is where you move through a map, neutralising enemy forces, capturing points and destroying weapon caches. Yet there are a few gripes I would like to warn you about.1) The character models. This is not massively annoying, but they seem a little dated. I would like it if they were improved to CSGO standard, or even better.2)The superhuman AI. The AI in this game are very good. So good infact, that they can see you through a bush, in the middle of the night, without a torch or nightvision. I have been playing some of the survival missions (capture points to respawn allies, try and survive) at night, and have discovered that they are nearly unplayable as you cannot sneak down the edges of the maps, or take down AI from behind with a knife, or be stealthy at all. It is almost as if they have wall hacks.3. ""Phantom Bullets"". This is a rather big thing that annoys me greatly. If you are at point blank range, and empty a pistol clip into your opponents body, they will sometimes just shoot you in the face with a machine gun after. It is almost as if you miss all the shots, or they go though the body of your enemy and inflict no damage. I have lost many rounds like this, and is very annoying.Yet there are many great features of this game too.1) Realism. This is a super realistic game. You die from 1, sometimes 2 shots from an assault rifle, and 1, sometimes 3 shots of a pistol. It is a very tough game, and doesn't hold your hand through it at all.2) Maps. The maps for this game are amazing. They are detailed, large, different from eachother, and support getting to objectives in multiple different ways. Not only this, but they are beautiful, with snow falling, dust being kicked up, buckled cars lying around. They are truly something to admire3)Being Immersive. It's an immensly immersive game, which many fans of it will likely point out. It is as close to a real firefight as I want to get, yet it does it well.4)Suppression. Have you ever seen in a movie when the protagonist is about to look over a piece of cover, when bullets fly over his head and he ducks back down again? This is called suppressing fire, and this game has a very nice suppression engine. Similar to the one in Verdun (another of my favourite games), when bullets fly past you, you flinch a little bit, and your screen goes a bit blurry and grey tinted. It adds realism to the game, and that is the reason why you should save up £11, and buy it. I would reccomend it to any gamer, but if you have no prior FPS experience, then this probably isnt a good starting point."
76561198108784763,Recommended,222880,21472381,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Jitte,"i cannot recommend this game enough for u shooters out there!!!! ive played many a FPS and this one by far beats the rest.1.) wall banging makes sense ur using hollow points(HP) ur not shooting through anything, use armor piercing rounds (AP) u can shoot through quite alot.2.) the peak omfg i cant tell u enough how fun it is to use this gameplay tool.3.) aim down sights (ADS) makes the difference of shooters for men and shooters for boys4.) again seperating men from boys the sounds in this game are intense u can hear ppl leaning ffs i mean awesome hearing a nade pin getting pulled and u rush the enemy guns blazing5.) again THIS GAME IS THE♥♥♥♥♥♥6.) if ur thinking this game is (too easy) join the pick up games hosted on (bromance.on.vg), and on the DGl (72.52.85.142) i used to join normal 5v5 and drop 11-0 easy everytime i join a server i pug once 1-14,1-15 oh yea entire new play field"
,Recommended,222880,16550984,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,R|c|G SlendySloth,"Insurgency is a fast-slow-fast-slow paced millitary game that puts you in the boots of either Insurgents or the Millitary, which come with fun, realistic weaponry and gadgets to fight eachother with.For some reason I suck at online multiplayer sometimes, and that is probably the reason I prefer the co-op gamemodes.YES I SAID CO-OP, THATS RIGHT.Let me SWAN DIVE, INTO THE MYSTICAL REALM OF CO-OPIn co-op you take up to about 8 players on your team for each gamemode, my favourite gamemodes for co-op are:Hunt:You scower the map, defeating enemies stealthfully or guns blazing, destroying objectives as you go. (Objectives are names via the Phonetic alphabet, for those who don't know is Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Echo, Foxtrot, Golf, Hotel, India etc.)andCheckpoint:This gamemode is like hunt, only you capture/destroy an objective, and most of the time there is a counter-attack from the AI team, and you win by capturing/destroying all objectives.One of my friends said before I bought it,""It is like Arma and Counter-Strike mixed together""This, is very accurate I might say.This game is not however like other games with its damage system, if you get shot once or twice, you are dead, kapoot, dood, 死, morto.This is a game totally worth all the praise and money it gets, plus some more.I picked up this game on the Steam Summer Sale 2015.I totally recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun game with their friends or trying to show off their ""SKEELZ"" in online multiplayer."
,Recommended,222880,9922587,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Analfries / Raven,"Without a doubt, this is a realism level shooter that can appease the hardcore as well as the casual. The guns themselves are great to handle, upgrades to your equipment are handled very well, good balance. Teamwork really means something in this game, you need to work together to win. Map design is excellent as well, they're well laid out with lots of cover as well as open firefight space. Contact's night atmosphere and the winter layout in Heights are highlights for me.The community around the game is growing, and I definitely want to see this game continue to be successful. Kudos to NWI for creating an excellent multiplayer FPS package. Thumbs way up!"
,Recommended,222880,11008242,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,DigitalProphet,"Insurgency. Easy to learn hard to master.I find it familiar yet not. It's kinda like CS:GO + Rainbow6 Divided by AA:Proving Grounds and you have InsurgencySteam Workshop should make this have long legs although at the moment the map selection / server choices you see the same 8 or so maps. I feel this is due to not enough people setting up servers.Co-Op against AI, 6  different Multiplayer modes and some real nice gunplay makes for a pretty fun game.With friends, or with a team that works together and communicate, it's excellent.If you like AA:PG, Rainbow 6,  and CS:GO I would imagine you would like Insurgency."
76561198026661911,Recommended,222880,13383287,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,✪ TheFox ;d,Move up! i will cover you! get the flanks!♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is intence!
,Recommended,222880,14092764,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Type 3 Diabetes,After playing this game for 4 hours I had P.T.S.D due to how realistic the game is. I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,222880,23280645,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Dr. Rehmke,"I have played many FPS games in my life.From COD, Battlefield, CS, Arma, Ranibow 6, Halo but Insurgency is a special one.It has a very unique atmosphere which no other FPS has.You are in a constant threat because 1 bullet can end your life.It is the most realistic FPS currently:-Hipfire is hard to aim and control-You need a laser to see where you are aming you gun while hip-firing-No indicator to see how much ammo is left in your current magazin-No kill feed; You dont see if you killed an enemy until you see his corpse-Automatic shooting is hard to control as well as shooting while running and jumping isn't possible at all.-If bullets fly past you you get suppresed which blurres your vison-In some gamemodes you can't respawn until e.g an objective is captured giving the ""1 Life"" feeling-You always need to stay in cover or you will die quickly-Can't survive a headshot from any gun-In night battles you need a flash light to see something but it will give away your locationIn additon to the realistic features it also has many different gamemodesMultiplayer:-Sustained Combat: One team defends control points the other one has to capture all of them to win. The attacking team has less respawn waves and time than the other team but gets more if they conquere a control point-Tactical Operations: The teams have to capture all control points of the opposing team or eliminate the whole opposing team but you can only respawn if your team conquers one of the objectives-Ranked/Unranked Competetive: There is going to be a ranked competetiv mode but currently there is only an unranked one. The same as ""Tactical Operations"" but limited to 5 vs. 5 and held on smaller mapsCoop:-Kill all npc enemys and destroy their ammo depot-Conquer control points for reinforcements and defend them from the npcs until all of them are dead.Insurgency also has an workshop which offers free skins for weapons, maps, gamemodes etc.If the game is in sale for 2 bucks BUY IT IMMEDIATELY (Like I did) it has soo much to offer.If you are a FPS fan who likes realism than this is the right game for you.If you like fast arcade like games with fast movment speed and high accuracy like COD than this is the wrong game for you.My final rating for this game is a 9/10 (cause nobody is perfect)"
,Recommended,222880,10476100,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,throbbing cock,Extremely intense one of my favorite games. i didn't play it alot until one of my friends got it and lately its all we've been into. The only downside is that due to the intensity of having a rainstorm of bullets pepper your position to the point where you can't see and immiedeitly run to try to get away I can no longer handle playing modern shooters due to the lack of realistic intensity. Great game.
,Recommended,222880,12967342,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Dusk,"This is what you call an FPS. Team based, realistic. And fun.-Positives-Gameplay mechanics are fantastic.No crossair for realism (Duh)1 shot killIntense expireance.-Negative-AI Bots can be a bi ♥♥♥♥ed up sometimes.Apart from that, a thumbs up from me. This game is not for the easily frustrated but for the people of the FPS Gaming genre. Get it or get teh sniper to take u out 'Pew, pew pew'. :D"
,Recommended,222880,14097264,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mac_er,"A Real Experience of War? an enough players and servers online?!, a WORKSHOP???!!!AND IT'S STILL UPDATING???!!!! this game really knows what i love in fps gaming :Dnice game, no lag, pub servers, but unfortunately no campaignStill a recommended game"
,Recommended,222880,8598464,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Infrared,"If Counter Strike and Red Orchestra had a baby it would look a lot like Insurgency. While still in ""early access"", Insurgency is well on its way to being a complete tactical combat game. I bought this game on a whim during one of the flash sales and was seriously impressed. I would even have forked over $20 for it if it had not been on sale.+supply system limits ammount of equipment+leaning+sprinting, jogging, waling, crouching and prone+recoil and intense surpression+very pretty+runs very well+variety of well designed maps-multiplayer only at this point-bot AI can be both a dead eye and a horrible shot to the extreme (needs a little more refinement)"
76561198090708800,Recommended,222880,17376259,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,CROW,"-Spawns, gets killed by sniper.-Respawns, gets obliterated by RPG.-Respawns, gets blown up by grenade.-Respawns, gets stabbed in the back.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,26456150,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,ReFL3X,This game is intense and fast paced with a low time to kill and you really have to think about what you're doing and use your head if you want to win at the end of the match.
,Recommended,222880,9026025,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Twogun,"This game is very team based, and several pub matches are full of guys that work as a team and work towards objective.The leaning allows such a change in tactics as well as the 1-5 rounds to kill a person, which further pushes the player to check corners and use caution, all while being swift and precise."
76561198011965365,Recommended,222880,14644409,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Saint Aaron,Modern tactical game. Enemy AI for coop are really tough and involves a lot of teamwork. This game is all about moving with the team and having each others back. Enemys are smart and will flank you depending on your position. You can customize your gun and get new weapons with the points you get in game. A very well done version of the old modern combat insurgency!
76561198018869159,Recommended,222880,9273935,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,.Gr33n™,"I have played CS since it came out.  I've tried finding substitutes, e.g. Call of duty, Battlefield etc but none live up to the skill that is required in CS.I'd recommend inrugency to anyone who likes CS, especially if they are getting bored, tired of matchmaking, bad bullet reg etc.Insurgency requires a high degree of skill when moving and aiming, although the mechanism is different to CS.  In Insurgency you can for example fire from the hip, or look down your sights.  Sounds like COD or Battlefield right?  Except in Insurgency a stray bullet could take you out instantly- you will only be forgiven if you can think and move on your toes, both as an individual and as a unit.The game is extremely smooth and based on the Valve Source engine.  It also looks the part- making CS:GO look and feel dated.At the end of the day you cant go wrong at the current price.  Insurgency is a true realistic tactical shooter unlike any other, which in my opinion as a CS veteran is not something you come by everyday.Recommended? If you like 1st person multiplayer shooters- you need this game."
,Recommended,222880,28653306,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jollypengu ☪,"11/KebabFast, fun, streamlined tactical shooter."
,Recommended,222880,15892348,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,-dark horse,"How does one start with a game like Insurgency. It is amazing. The game is unique, taking aspects from other games and forming its own distinctive game. The realness in the game make you, the player, feel like you are there in combat. From the depth in weapons (more weapons will be added in the future), to the structure for each class, this games stands on its own legs. I highly recommend Insurgency for any player.However, it does take a while to get used to. With its uniqueness comes a period of multiple deaths over and over. You need to get used to it to excel."
76561197997275467,Recommended,222880,13007503,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,-=312th=- Smooth Jazzman,This game is just plain awesome! $15 spent the best investment I've made on an FPS game in a long time. I would highlyrecommend this game. It's not as epic as BF4 but it doesn't have the problems that BF4 has. I spent $100 on BF4 andit had so problems it was almost unplayable. This game offers several game styles and modes with several soldier classes and weapons to choose from. You can play a game with a team versus other players or versus some really incredibly smart AI bots. Team work is encouraged and voice chat is available. Really a fun game!
76561198094235813,Recommended,222880,19758632,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,5'1 and all memed out,"Bored of CSGO, sick of no ads and bad gameplay. While welcome to Where on earth did I get shot from simulator. Best tactical shooter I have played, great guns and diversity. GO AND FIND FIFTEEN BUCKS. Uninstall CS NOW."
,Recommended,222880,20482939,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Doc Holliday,"I bought this and thought I would probably hate it. Truthfully, I absolutely love it, loads of fun and challenging (not a big FPS pro) but it was worth it. Improving my own skills in FPS and enjoying it immensely.A definite recommendation despite the rough edges.10/10 Overall"
,Recommended,222880,20464133,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,8sianDude,Best tactical shooter EVER!!!!
,Recommended,222880,18733047,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Rigor,This game is as good as doggystyle with big booty'd woman.
,Recommended,222880,22088487,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,N A N O X I C,"After reaching 100 hours on this game, i thought it was time to make a review.I've played this game since the first 2 days after release, and i will have to say, this game is amazing.Pro'sRealistic gameplayRealistic teamplayCool physicsAwesome gunplayConsequentive updatesCompetetiveA lot of weapons and mapsMod support (workshop)And after all, cheap!Con'sLack of playersMaybe a bit too difficult for beginners"
,Recommended,222880,13942419,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Ghostie,Rainbow Six 3Ghost ReconArmaSOCOMFull Spectrum WarriorDelta ForceYou like any of those?You should give this one a try.
76561198094083557,Recommended,222880,13892138,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Sammy csgogem.com,"For all you that are having problems with the game crashing on start up, my friend (no skill just luck) had the same problem and instead of running the game from the desktop shortcut witch didn't work, he ran it off of steam itself and it worked somehow! So try it out."
76561198015629548,Recommended,222880,13963637,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Spicyshart,Very nice game
76561197993524726,Recommended,222880,13995522,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Dr. Breasaire,"As a fan of Battlefield games I recently switched to this incredible indie title and I'm totally addicted. Not only did I stop playing BF4 I don't see myself going back to any BF or COD or any major developer/publisher FPS franchise for that matter. That includes the upcoming AAA releases. And here's why.They don't get FPSs anymore. They focus their effort on ways to make the game more appealing for general masses and ways to squeeze more $$$ out of players.Insurgency is a complete opposite of those traits. Not only is it smooth and responsive it is also unforgiving in the best way. It has  tactical teamplay, guns that have serious punch to them and they feel like destructive devices they are. Dust and sparks are flying, it takes 1-2 bullets to the chest to kill an enemy, there's no mini-map, no HUD and it's unbelivably satisfying.Did I forget to tell that since it's release back in 2013 it is still regulary updated and the community keeps growing? If that's not enough I must also add that the modding community is amazing and improves the game vastly in many aspects. Killing even 5 enemies in one life is heart pounding. It is by far the best hardcore FPS avaliable at the moment. If you like this type of games I highly reccomend you give this a try.Insurgency like no other FPS deserves to be an E-Sport.I've got to thank the YouTuber who goes by the name Matimi0 for making me aware of this gem. In addition to being a very skilled FPS player he's also fun to listen to. If you're still somehow on the fence and hesitate do youself a favor and check his thoughts out.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPgduD8PJUEhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6hh-DJ4iyc"
,Recommended,222880,13995744,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Jayeei,"Rpg's in COD = Safe for kids and many ages.Rpg's in this game = Many have died trying to use a Rpg in this game. Go on, give it a try ;)"
,Recommended,222880,13882287,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LCDR. Harding,"Components+ The gameplay makes you feel like an actual soldier, there is a very scarce HUD, barely telling you♥♥♥♥♥♥as to where you are or how many bullets you have left in your mag, though it doesn't matter, this isn't Call of Duty where you can spray and reload mid mag and have not wasted an entire magazine. Once you reload, that mag is gone and you have spent it. You have to make decisions carefully, spending bullets wisely. And unlike call of duty, when you are in a firefight between you and the insurgents, they are spraying bullets and not hitting you. Instead they conserve ammunition like actual shooters, and when they do fire, they have a higher chance of hitting you. Which allows for tactics to be used between teammates.+ It is also very tactical team shooter, having to rely on teammates to get to your objective, distracting so you can flank. Or providing cover fire so you can have time to heal. It requires quite a lot of communication between teammates if you want to get the best result of a match or hunt. Knowing that you have someone’s back and someone has yours, really embraces the team tactical atmosphere.+ The sound is very realistic, unlike most shooters, there is not background music playing. Instead it sounds like an actual war, if you stand still and listen, you can hear gunfire in the distance between your fellow soldiers and other insurgents. Giving you the sensation of being in an actual war against another country, it actually sets the atmosphere for a war. It is no Normandy in 1944, but it is more like Black Hack Down.+ The graphics are amazing, to the level where it seems to match battlefield 2142. Saying Battlefield 3 would be too much, as EA wants to make Battlefield the most realistic game out there and they are. Not only do the graphics look amazing, but it doesn’t run your FPS into the ground, making the game very smooth but the client does have a few crash problems. I expected for such a realistic looking game, it would be quite laggy for computers not that powerful, but somehow it does not do that and runs amazingly.+ And it is also very balanced and lacks bias between players; you don't level up, you don't pay for better guns, you start with the same armoury outfitted for your class selected in class selection, you just choose which one you want and what you want to customize yourself with, whether it be with extra mags to a laser sight on your rifle. Insurgency is one of the best realistic shooters I have ever played, Battlefield and Call of Duty play around on the fictional side of games, where as Insurgency plain focuses on the realism of war. All Insurgency needs is a no heal mode, where you don't just stand and you heal yourself gradually like in COD, it needs to have a zero heal factor and the only way to get yourself out of the red, is a medical kit provided by a medic, that is the only thing I think is a very good idea.+ There are a lot of diverse game modes for Insurgency; normal team deathmatch, then Co-op Terrorist Hunt, and other Co-op modes. That is what Insurgency does well; it doesn’t fully rely on its PvP multiplayer, but embraces the cooperation multiplayer. It allows players to act as a team and feel like actual soldiers within the game, it is no Call of Duty Co-op Campaign, but it does a lot better than the Modern Warfare 2 & 3 Co-op game mode.OverallWhen I first played Insurgency, I didn’t know what I was in for, but I do not regret it. Insurgency is a realistic shooter that parts away from shooters like Call of Duty and Battlefield where it is constant shooting and unlimited ammunition. Insurgency makes you question each movement and think about each decision, gives you a reliance on your teammates and need for cooperation. That is the best part about Insurgency. It allows and embraces the need of cooperation.If I’m not mistaken, there had to be veterans advising the developers of the game to give them the most realistic war shooter game out there. They tell them, “In war you don’t just go guns blazing into a room, you tactically enter it, checking corners and make sure it is clear before moving to the next door” or “We don’t spray our entire mag, we fire at most 3 bullets at a time, we are wary of our ammunition, it is limited”. If they weren’t told that by veterans, they must really have a good understanding of realistic war.Insurgency seems like a young game and has a lot of room and time for improvement, consider a bigger aspect, like the use of vehicles and separate tactical teams, inserting from different areas, try learning from Rainbow Six or more from real life warfare even though they are doing an amazing job so far. I strongly recommend this game and Insurgency needs a much bugger audience than it does now. I bet Captain Price would be proud of the players of this game; you actually constantly check your corners."
76561198043059774,Recommended,222880,13352768,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Max,"Thought process of a Newb:Cool menu music, but where do I customize my character? Coop or PvP? Coop is for losers, PvP all the way! K/D 0:32. NOPE! Freaking cheating campers and aimbots and hacking and hmph $%#@... (indistinguishable)What's a supply point? Better spend it on flashbangs and smoke grenades, then my teammates will like me!Who needs a secondary? All I need is an M16 and meh skillz! Hey, where's the bullet counter? How come I reload and the mag only has 2 bullets left in it? Broken game! Where's my health meter? He only hit me once! HACKS! And why can't I hit anything but my teammates!Man, these bots are hard, but I least I know that I can kill 1 for every time I die. That's pretty good, right? Wait, how do I pick up stuff from off the floor? And I how do I turn NVGs on? Also, how do you slide like that? Also also, why am I ALWAYS THE FIRST TO DIE? RPG!Another RPG! Flashbang! Sorry! Smoke out! What? Bots can see through smoke? Hacks! Watch out, I'm throwing a grenade! It's not my fault, someone put a wall there. (Red vs Blue, anybody? No? Sigh) Stop shining what in your eyes? Well, how do I turn it off? Where are the keybindings?Ok, I don't get it. I'm standing on D, and it's not capturing! Stop yelling at me! I don't have a any grenades! On the ground? Where? I can't see it! Ressuply where? Ok, I'll be right back! (Throws a smoke grenade at cache)I like this game, it's realistic and hard. It took me 20 hours, but I think I'm finally getting the hang of this. I'm not sucking so badly, and I'm not always in last place. Hey, wait a second, how is he getting a K/D of 100:1? (checks profile) 200 hours of gametime! Holy crap! He also has 2, 000 hours of Team Fortress 2, and 4, 000 hours of DOTA 2! I can't compete with him!200 hours later, OWNS ALL. Mwahahahaha. Then plays with guys with 400 hours plus gametime. CRAP!"
,Recommended,222880,13604061,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Keonyn ♣,"This is more along the lines of what a competitive FPS should be. This isn't a pick up and play and have a jolly good time with your friends sort of fps. This is a highly competitive fps with a steep learning curve that promotes team based gameplay and punishes the kind of gung ho idiots who think they're Rambo like many other fps games.Insurgency is a game that promotes skill based game play and rewards those that work with their team, communicate and work the objectives most effectively. If you're caught and shot you're probably going to die. If you rush in without thinking and guns blazing you're just going to spray ineffectively and take a round to the head. You have to think whenever you move up, clear you corners, work with your teammates, and don't miss when you encounter the enemy because you will not get a second chance. There are no hit points or medkits or power ups. There is no kill spam to tell you how your team is doing or if that grenade you tossed in that door got anyone or not, or even a kill cam to expose that enemies position once they got you. There's no magical crosshairs floating in the middle of the screen either; if you want to aim you'll have to draw your gun up and use its sights.In many ways the game lacks features, and that's what makes it competitive and the quality game that it is. It doesn't flood you with information you don't earn and don't deserve. Games like TF2 are all well and good, but they are very arcadey and don't necessarily reward skill or teamwork. Heck, if I'm a sniper in TF2 I can get a kill, and then the killcam will simply tell him and everyone where I'm sniping from. If I'm sniping in Insurgency, as long as I'm cautious and avoid anything that might make my position obvious I can snipe all day long until someone actually spots my position.Insurgency is also very well rounded when it comes to game modes. I'm a fan of the push mode myself (attack/defend), but there are an abundance of modes from fighting for control points, king of the hill types, capture the flag, or even defending/intercepting an MVP. The maps aren't always the most balanced for each mode, such as Buhriz and Sinjar being extremely bias in favor of the defenders in push mode, but 100% map balance is a myth in any fps. Over time you'll learn which maps to vote for and which to avoid. I would say the maps are probably the games major weakness, in that there are not a lot of them and some are simply not balanced for all the game modes available on them. Only other weakness I would point out is the game runs on Source, and sadly suffers from some of the issues that Source has; like alt+tab problems, graphical crashing, cheats, and so on.All in all though the few negatives are easily outweighed by the games positives. I easily recommend this game, so long as a challenging and competitive FPS is what you're looking for. If you're hunting for another TF2 then this might not be your cup of tea."
,Recommended,222880,9711932,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,JUSKING,"Insurgency. Should you buy it? Short answer: Definitely. For those interested in knowing why, read on...In a time where modern shooters are a dime-a-dozen, it can be very difficult for a company to break the trend and still be successful. The reason is simple - a company needs to make money. Hardcore games, generally speaking, will never make as much money as mainstream games. You'd be insane to believe that. So, when a game like Insurgency comes along, claiming to provide the hardcore feel, the gritty realism, the (actually) competent AI, it's easy to dismiss as a title that will enjoy some brief limelight, only to disappear into the ether moments later.Insurgency is not one of these titles. Enemy players and AI bots alike, will strike you down with fierce determination time and time again. You will forget to reload at the worst possible time. You will attempt to hip-fire a machine gun, and die. You will try to sprint from cover to take an objective, and die. You will try CoD moves, and die. You will try BF4 tactics.... and die. You will quickly be perforated if you don't carefully round each and every corner. Death will come swiftly and frequently.You will curse yourself for failing your team, and swear to be better the next time.You will learn.You will fire deliberate and aimed shots. You will fire accurate bursts. You will move quickly and precisely. You will conserve your ammunition. You will communicate. You will become one with your team. You will coordinate your assaults. You will master any role you are assigned to. You will listen. You will watch. You will take your objective with real tactics. You will survive.You will succeed. In a game like Insurgency, victory never feels hollow. You will always feel like you earned it. I give Insurgency 9.5/10.You will win."
,Recommended,222880,23831650,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,isultanlialif,I haven't played Insurgency a lot. It is a mix of Counter Strike and Battlefield. The game feels realistic and it is one of the best shooter games ever created.Pros:-Realistic gameplay-Updated & patched regularly by developers-A lot of maps-Great community-Amazing gameplay mechanicsCons:-Lack of proper anti-cheat engine-Crashes on low end PCsOverall an amazing game and I would recommend it for everyone.
76561198116318594,Recommended,222880,14339582,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Extended Clip,"Let me just start off by saying that I have played every FPS under the sun. All the CODs, all the BFs, All the Medal of Honors, all of the Counterstrikes, all of the $5 Big Lots bargain bin shooters, and NONE of them can come even close to capturing the ugly reality of the Afghanistan/Iraq style of combat that we have today. This game does it perfectly. If you watch helmet cam footage, of modern combat, you can see the similarities. For an Indie game, I was very impressed. My favorite for sure. Brutally hard, realistic weapons physics. What more could you ask for?11/10"
,Recommended,222880,14108053,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Vikingfunk,"This game is quite fun and worth every dosh spent, its pretty realistic until you play co-op where the bots kill you near istantly from across the map without aiming but that does add more of a challange to the game. The multiplayer can be quite hard but still very fun. All together this game is very challenging so if you're looking for a harder type of fps i would recommend this."
,Recommended,222880,23398899,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Kingsman,"You can feel the weight of your gun.Realistic suppressors.Good gun scopes to choose from (and I hope recon would soon get the option to add scope to pistol, lol)Last but not the least, can make you play like John Wick for real.10/10."
,Recommended,222880,17239192,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Cekeli,Finally a game where you can not play foolishly. A game where you need to think and play strategically with your teammates together. It is important to focus on realistic gameplay.
,Recommended,222880,28279584,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,✪POP,Insurgency is a really good tatical game fun with friends i really reccomend this to you !
,Recommended,222880,19983591,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,ElgerJP,"Review on Portuguese and EnglishAnálise em Português e InglêsReview on EnglishAnálise em InglêsSUMMARY:Insurgency is a FPS (First-Person Shooter) game with tactical elements that tend to realism but can be configured to become arcade (this depending on the server). Even the game not having a campaign to get more interesting, it's exclusively focused to the cooperative (against AI-controlled bots) and to the Multiplayer (against real enemies).Entering the game, the player can choose to join the Insurgents team or to the Security team, both have their own classes, weapons and customizations, but even so, the game can keep very well balanced during the match.Currently, Insurgency has 7 different game modes in the Multiplayer, which the maximum server capacity is 32 players, about the cooperative match, the game has 5 different modes and the maximum server capacity is 8 players.GRAPHICS:As for the graphics we can say that is impressive to see how developers worked to optimize them to the maximum, even with many elements present during a match the game doesn't need a very good PC to run, the graphics stand out for being well modeled and with a excellent finish, the details of the scenarios and weapons also impresses, but it is impossible to compare them to new generation of games, I think the graphics are similar to CS:GO. There are some mods at Steam Workshop that can slightly improve the graphics of the game.SOUNDS / AUDIOS:Another extremely positive point of Insurgency is the quality of the sounds of weapons, environments and explosions, they can make you get fully into the game, because it seems that you are in a real war, and also, you can download some mods in Steam Workshop that will improve the effect and the experience, letting the game more real (or funny).PING / FPS:The game has a really good rendering which makes it possible to run even on less powerful computers (if you can run CS:GO on low graphics at 60 FPS, probably can play Insurgency without any problem), and servers respond very well, even with 200 ping, you can play without perceive any difference or interference while the gameplay.GAMEPLAY:The gameplay of Insurgency is a bit different because it tends to the realism, so it becomes a bit more complicated than other FPS games we are used to, always being very fluid and responding well to the requested commands. If you are new to FPS games, maybe you will pass a bit of difficulty, 'cause you don't have a quick answer against enemies or even an advanced coverage notion yet. To the veterans on FPS games can be sure that Insurgency will make you become better at basically every other FPS you play or have played.The physics in the game is a little weak, it tries to hide some mistakes but it doesn't work so much, for example the bodies don't react too well to bullets.I didn't find any individual cheating, or doing some bug.DEVELOPERS:Assets and attentive, the Insurgency Support/Development Team is an example, always trying to help you with any questions or problems you have in the game, unlike many other games, the Developer/Support Community of Insurgency tries to maintain a intense contact with the public, as an example, they play matches with us. You can contact them through Steam if you need something, which makes the service be much faster and easier.COMMUNITY:In the sense of Insurgency Players Community, I can not analyze in relation to Asian, Oceania or Africa servers, but the American (all the America, not only U.S.A.) and Europe community are very warm and friendly (also very funny, ALLAHU AKBAR) at every match that I played I didn't find any rager or any that harm your gameplay (such as abusing the voice chat, abusing the chat, or kill his own team with intent). The players community created and are creating a lot of mods to improve or vary your gameplay (some mods are very hilarious), also the artworks and screenshots created from players are very cool.Análise em PortuguêsReview on PortugueseRESUMO:Insurgency é um jogo FPS (First-Person Shooter) tático com elementos que tendem para o realismo porém podem ser configurados para deixá-lo bem arcade (isso dependendo do servidor). Mesmo com o jogo não tendo uma campanha para ficar mais interessante, a sua proposta é exclusivamente focada para o cooperativo (contra Bots controlados por IA), e para o Multiplayer (contra inimigos reais). Ao entrar na partida, o jogador poderá escolher entre se unir ao time de Insurgentes ou ao time de Segurança, ambos possuem suas próprias classes, armas e customizações, mas mesmo assim, o jogo consegue manter um balanceamento muito bom durante a partida.GRÁFICOS:Em relação aos gráficos é possível afirmar que é impressionante ver como os desenvolvedores trabalharam para otimizá-los ao máximo, mesmo com muitos elementos presentes durante uma partida isso não o torna pesado de maneira alguma, se destacam por serem bem modelados e com um acabamento excelente, o detalhamento dos cenários e das armas também impressiona.SONS/ÁUDIOS:Outro extremo ponto positivo de Insurgency é a quantidade de riqueza e qualidade dos sons das armas, ambientes e explosões, é possível você se imergir totalmente ao jogo, por conta destes que o fazem parecer que realmente está em uma guerra, no Workshop também é possível você alterar alguns sons de armas, explosões, e outros efeitos para deixá-lo ainda mais real.PING/FPS:O jogo possui uma renderização muita boa a qual o faz ser possível de rodar mesmo em computadores menos potentes (se você consegue rodar CS:GO com gráficos baixos a 60 FPS, provavelmente conseguirá jogar Insurgency sem nenhum problema), e os servidores respondem muito bem, até 200 de ping é possível você jogar sem nem mesmo perceber diferença ou interferência durante sua gameplay.JOGABILIDADE:A jogabilidade do Insurgency é um pouco diferenciada e por conta de o jogo tender mais para o realismo ela se torna um pouco mais complicada do que outros jogos de FPS que estamos acostumados, sempre sendo muito fluída e respondendo bem aos comandos solicitados, caso você seja iniciante em jogos do gênero pode ser que passe dificuldade para conseguir ter uma resposta rápida contra os inimigos ou mesmo uma noção de cobertura avançada. Aos mais veteranos em jogos FPS posso ter certeza que Insurgency fará com que você se torne melhor em basicamente todos os outros FPS' que você joga ou já jogou, por conta da estratégia e velocidade de reação que é necessária durante a partida.Não consegui encontrar nenhum individuo trapaceando seja com programas maliciosos ou com bugs no próprio jogo.DESENVOLVEDORES:Ativos e atentos, a equipe de desenvolvimento do Insurgency é um exemplo, sempre buscam lhe ajudar com qualquer dúvida ou problema que você tenha no jogo, ao contrário de muitos outros jogos, a comunidade desenvolvedora de Insurgency tenta manter um contato forte com o público jogando até mesmo partidas juntos com outros jogadores, é possível contatá-los através da Steam caso necessite de algo, o que faz o atendimento ser muito mais rápido e fácil.COMUNIDADE:No sentido da comunidade de jogadores do Insurgency, eu não posso analisar em relação a servidores asiáticos, da Oceania ou africanos, porém a comunide americana (toda a América, não só EUA) e europeia é muito amigável e receptiva (além de muito engraçada, ALLAHU AKBAR), em nenhuma partida que joguei consegui testemunhar atos que prejudicassem o gameplay de outros (como abusar do canal de voz, canal de texto, ou matar a própria equipe com intenção). O jogo permite que a comunidade poste Mods na workshop para diversificar e deixar o jogo com maior estilo do jogador assim como preferir."
,Recommended,222880,9792708,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Zodiac,"Fast paced 5-10 min matches where every move counts. If you like shooters where communication,stratagy and covering your corners is key then this is for you! It's still being worked on but I have not had any major issues as far as bugs mostly rubberbanding and syncing probelms.That said it's 100% playable and enjoyable i give it a strong 8/10 at this point making it well worth the 15$."
76561198049142935,Recommended,222880,9885713,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,#Who is the sexy in the picture,Buy dis♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222880,9957189,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,_GneevS_ (´• ω •`),This game is by far the most serious and realistic multiplayer shooter available on the market! Get it right away if you wish to feel what the real warfare is. Extremely highly recommended to all hardcore shooter fans.
,Recommended,222880,11400486,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Leukanian,Good FPS option for those with low end computers.
,Recommended,222880,11648778,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Stoli,It's literally like dust II
,Recommended,222880,12030760,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Sargento,"Na minha opinião o melhor game dos ultimos tempos, estrategia, realidade inteligencia artificial, tanto no PVP como no COOP o game é simplesmente D+++ Recomendo muito."
,Recommended,222880,13511008,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,LATVIAN RIFLEMAN,Heard allah akbar 20 times in one gameallah akbar/10
,Recommended,222880,9689508,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Artilox,"Wow. This game is awesome, it's not only a stragetic shooter, but you get to spectate all the time! . 10/10 Much fun. Such graphics. Very realistik ;)"
,Recommended,222880,8952838,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,DrPepper,"From being a mod, to finally being standalone; this is a game that went through alot to get where it is now. Game is very stable for just being officaly released a couple of weeks ago. Tactics and team communication is a MUST, if you don't plan on doing that I wouldn't bother picking up the game since you will not be gettin the full experiance. Class systems are very balanced thanks to the new 'supply point' system. Overall this reminds me of Hardcore mode on Call of Duty 4 with more emphasis on team strategy and objectives."
,Recommended,222880,9673869,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,voomba,"This is a very well made realistic FPS tactical game. It's like a modern version of Red Orchestra/Rising Storm, in the way how the game works, and this game works very well. It has good graphics, awesome game sound, and it runs very smoothly. Here I have an Intel core 2 duo @2.66GHz with GTX550Ti and the game runs very well at 1920x1080.I got this game since it was in early access, and recently I returned to play again. The game evolved so much in about one year since the alpha/beta days, the developers really take care about the game.The coop mode is a guarantee of several hours of fun, even more if you have a clan or play with friends online. The multiplayer mode has several game modes. Stay focus, keep your eyes and ears attention, play with your team, and you get a very nice experience. It's a tactical, hardcore, realistic, challenging and fun game.EDIT: The above review is from april 2014.Now, december 2015, I just want to append:The game developers did, and still do, a very good job.It's getting better and better and better after every update. New maps, new weapons, AI improvements...   it's an amazing work!I still, for sure, recommend this awesome FPS game, I think it's one of the best FPS you can play at this moment. No regrets."
,Recommended,222880,9887734,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,(JET FUEL) FuhrerPapaFreedom,This is a very good game with a lot of teamwork and tactics. If you like realism on top of that and/or terrorists and PMCs BUY THIS GAME.
,Recommended,222880,8932039,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Mulrin,"Bloody Epic game, EXTREMELY RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,222880,8101389,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Step 1: Nerf Guns,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is the♥♥♥♥♥♥  You shoot terrorists.  Gameplay feels good.  There are no perks or acrobatics.  And it's an Indie game that started with a mod.  Buy it
,Recommended,222880,8825023,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Boardwalk massage,"Holy fantastic!  Just got this game and I must say that I have had quite the unique experience (in a good way)!  First of all, the pace of the game, although it's a first person shooter, is a bit slow, however, that is a welcomed change to what has become the norm in the FPS genre.  Secondly, the fact that bullets are actually DEADLY makes you value your character's life a tad more, thus leading to increased cooperation in order to sustain that life.  So far every single server that I have joined has had more than enough players who make use of the mic in order to plan out and execute full squad plays, eg, covering areas X, Y, and Z while the VIP sprints from cover to cover, slowly creeping his way towards the escape vehicle.  The feelings of tension rise often in this game as you may come to realize that the walkies have gone awefully quiet halfway through a round.  Peeking at the scoreboard, you notice that your squad is wiped and that it is up to you to destroy a hidden weapon cache in under one minute.  Overall, thanks to the unique fps experience, communicative teammates, and awesome (IMHO) map design, Insurgency provides for a great tactical FPS experience that does not dissappoint (unless you're an impatient little ♥♥♥♥♥).Overall Score: 8/10Reasoning:-Texture quality isn't the greatest, but hey, it's the Source engine.-Sprinting feels a bit clunky which can be problematic in a tactical FPS.-Still earlyish in development (game just released yesterday [Jan 22nd]) so this score is subject to change."
,Recommended,222880,8862035,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ash,"Barebone Counter-Strike + Red Orchestra. Guns are sexy and realistic to the finest degree. No leveling, no money, no trouble.Maps are quite complicated and take a lot of time to learn, while there's a ton of camping involved in the game. So I guess that's the downside of a hardcore FPS."
,Recommended,222880,9301809,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,PapaSmurf,Resembles the old americas army games I loved. I REALLY like this hooter.
,Recommended,222880,8338462,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,☢DЯo!d╰_╯★☭,This game feels a lot like good old bf2 in gunplay. Unfortunately novehicles at the moment. For a Beta game feels very solid and polished. Most of the gametypes are single spawn per reinforcement wave or round which makes it very realistic. To me resembles CSGO becuase of engine mixed with bf2 or bfbc2.
,Recommended,222880,12958192,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,DisposableHero,"Nice tactical FPS, co-op versus AI is fine and had lots of fun with friends ... Definetly a must have for FPS players and co-op lovers :)"
,Recommended,222880,16049416,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,DamnitMistakes,Best terrorist simulator i've ever played. 9/11 would allah ackbar again.
,Recommended,222880,13719329,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,A Very Frisky Ewok,"(8.3/10) Insurgency is a tactical first person shooter focusing on short CQB and objectives. This game features a variety of things to spice up the generic genre including: free-aim system(your gun isn't pointing in a constant direction such as in games like Counter-Strike), customization of guns, equipment, armor, etc., a supression system(rewarding for various high ammunition guns such as a MG to supress enemies being cover causing them to blur vision, increase sway, etc.), dedicated server support, multiple gamemodes, etc.Combat is simple and there's a fair learning curve, with a few factors that affect your combat such as hitbox multipliers and whatever gun you use. Focuses a lot on taking objectives(this is visible especially when you earn a proportionally higher score for taking an objective opposed to getting a kill(100 for securing an objective opposed to 10 points for every kill). Customization of your class would present new and diverse classes that fit your playstyle the best(start with a set amount of inventory points depending on your class, and then choose your gun, its attachments, armor, vest, explosives, etc. which is only limited, by then, a weight system). Decision-making is generally a big part of the game as well(ex1. should I turn on my night vision goggles or not(because it takes a few seconds for it to be useful and not blind you), ex2. should I go capture B or defend A), and like most games you'll lose the game/round because of poor decision-makingA new DLC, not too long ago, brought the expansion of night maps with the addition of night vision goggles, flashlights, flares, flare guns, etc. to the battlefield. Maps are well-made and detailed for combat.The general community is above average, considering toxicity only comes from general trolls.  Communication is a lot more useful in this game compared to other games in the genre.Some of the cons are a lack of a definitive leaderboard/ranking system(the one right now is purely aesthetic and is based on how much score you accumulate). Another one being a few exploiters(not much, but there are still some), however VAC and server owners/admins handle them quite well.TL;DR: Fun, challenging game in the shooter genre that builds and tweaks off of  minor features to create realistic gameplay"
,Recommended,222880,9580866,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Cpt.Slow,its good
,Recommended,222880,8864124,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,That16bitGuy,"Updated Review #2: I feel it's time to revisit the review for Insurgency. The game has progressed quite well since it left Early Access. The game has seen a multitude of free DLC map updates and additions to an already rock solid base of a game.The ambience of the game is fantastic. The sound effects, the maps, the characters, and music all culminate into a perfect blend of FPS goodness.NWI clearly has taken pride behind their work and has kept forward with it's ideas for it's game to keep it fresh and rewarding. I can't recommend this game enough as it's one of the best purchases on Steam that comes to mind.Updated Review: I would say this is perhaps one of the best FPS purchases I've ever made. If you are a FPS fan you need to give this a chance and find out why Insurgency is awesome. The studio behind this game clearly had a vision and has supported this game since launch with A+ content updates.Original review: Insurgency is a fantastic source FPS shooter that thrives on realism, teamwork, sensical, and most importantly tactical based gameplay. It's a blast, it looks good, the asking price is a fraction of what most FPS games charge out of the gate, and it's an absolute steal at their 14.99 asking price.With a thoughtful system of each side having set open types of players who have a limited option of weapons that can be adjusted with attachments, secondary firearms, accessories, and points that determine what you'll be able to have and not have the game doesn't let everyone run rampant with the same setups. Each person has meaning to their side and there's none of that over the top arcadey FPS stuff here with streaks for assists and kills.It's what I've wanted for a long time in a shooter and if you have found enjoyment with Red Ochestra 2 and/or Rising Storm this may be right down your alley."
76561198053164869,Recommended,222880,16545605,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,SlimyJ,"Fun game to play alone and even more fun to play with friends, definitely the game you want to play if you wanna be in the military but are too fat to get in."
,Recommended,222880,9301513,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,theenvioustoad,"An excellent hardcore game, I recommend it to anyone looking for a realistic and intense shooter. Working with your teammates is vital to your success and you have to approach your missions with caution. I recommend playing this game with a good pair of headphones, it makes the experience more rich and exciting."
,Recommended,222880,8848260,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,[F!] Aldershot,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3S-XLuzjLnYThis is my video Impressions of Insurgency.The game is pretty damn good for $15. It has a lot of depth and very deliberate in how you tackle each mission. It's not a run and gun, rather it's slower pace and more team oriented. If you're more of tactics type of player, you might enjoy the game.In my video I show an example of it's game play, I go into the mechanics of the game, and talk about what makes the game worth it's asking price."
,Recommended,222880,13005380,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Jouppi,Really good game. Kind of like Counter Strike but a lot more realistic
76561198025074458,Recommended,222880,12066710,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,soar,I don't think I've had this much fun playing a FPS since Raven Shield back in the day. And CS 1.6. Also SWAT 3 way back. This is the best FPS in a very long time! Do yourself a favor.
,Recommended,222880,11760623,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,LoudCore,"I remember playing the Mod for this game way back in the day and thought it was okay, although that was a long time ago when I was pretty terrible at video games.Now with the commercial version here, I gotta say I absolutely love it. Shooting feels right and balanced. Really love the floaty aim too. I started off playing PvP for the longest time, and then I realized they had a Coop mode, which really just made me like the game even more. Some of my favorite games are ArmA, Rainbow Six, Ghost Recon, SWAT, etcCS:GO Was my jam for a long while, but it seems insurgency will now be replacing that due to its interesting shooting mechanics and I kick♥♥♥♥♥with it.Lots of fun to be had in this game so, highly recommended."
76561198053223146,Recommended,222880,13014433,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,SHADOWBREAKER,Good game for those who are into TACTICAL Squad based Game ......
,Recommended,222880,13027269,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Kestrell,"The very first Realistic First Person Shooter on the Market.  With its Co-op and regular multiplayer, this game opens up to all kinds of people.  Unfortunately, there is nothing that resembles a campaign.  That is the one thing I disliked.  Otherwise, this game is very well made, very realistic, and worth the price it is at.  I highly recommend this to people who are into FPS games and have played either, Call of Duty, Battlefield, or any other high tense FPS games."
76561197973960012,Recommended,222880,10374559,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,|HP|SeeEmilyPlay,"I play this FPS game in co-op checkpoint mode, and I'm really enjoying it. It's definately a team-based game, where communication amongst teammates is a must. The aim is to capture or destroy points, and sometimes hold for a possible counter-attack from the AI enemy. It's quite an intensive, more realistic game, and not like other military shooters that I've played (eg CoD). The game is open to the community and many custom maps can be added to provide variety. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,222880,25465411,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Wallawalla22,"Genuinly the best FPS out there. Good team based action, plenty of workshop mods to customize, and a solid userbase."
,Recommended,222880,19794952,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Chainfire,MUST BUY AT THIS PRICE!!!
76561198116683311,Recommended,222880,10287585,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,WATTBA,"A Great tactical shooter game , infact a really different one compare to the FPS game i played in the past, heard of this game used to be a mod but they made a standa;one version of the game last year and yes i bought the game once is coming out but for some reason everytime when i launch the game the game always crash, so i didnt get alot chance to play it but rigth now i instal the brand new windows 64bit(Back before i have 32bit) for the newest release game like wolfenstein the new order.Watch_Dogs with some luck i thought i try install the game again and its run perfect not crashed once, and i mean it !!!Game need alot skill the one that really important is you got to know how to handle you gun really well, if you don't well.......you pretty much fu*ked up camp is really usual in game, like the way that the game have a point system like if u want add mod to you gun like sight . laser . grip you might dont have enough point to buy heavy amor and grenade so you got to think do i really need this or that before you spend you point, Graphics are just fine cant say is the best but i just dont really give a sh!t.Highly recommand this game for the peopel like the original mod, or just get a bit bored of COD or Battlefield."
76561198101395895,Recommended,222880,31950698,Posted: 25 May,all,Huckleberry Reese,"Imagine this, you are shooting at your enemies with an automatic rifle, Ak47 or M4A1 or whatever you name it, your gun is making a great impact on the environment, the sand is popping out from the ground when your bullets hit into the ground which creates clouds of dust and your gun is greatly recoiling, making sounds that actually sound like gunshots from a real gun. Quite immersive, right? this is the kind of feeling Insurgency will bring you. I have to say everything is great in this game, the only weak point of it is the lack of ranking system and unlocking system that will make people stay."
76561198161384110,Recommended,222880,12729011,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,教主 Love  Insurgency,The most like to play the game!
,Recommended,222880,9568115,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,ded,Allah hu ackbar!
76561198041868933,Recommended,222880,8826936,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Spiffo,"This game is incredible. It is the perfect combination of tactical, team based gameplay, and realistic military combat."
,Recommended,222880,8846829,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Expendable,"Well…I have to say I am pleasantly surprised at how great of a game Insurgency is. The gameplay is fantastic! I have played about every fps since Quake2. I appreciate the “slower” pace and more tactical gameplay that Insurgency presents. It does not take much to die, so you move forward with much more care. As others have already mentioned in the reviews, it is definitely a modern day Red Orchestra with a mix of other great shooters we have all played. However, I am quite happy how this game is lacking levels, upgrades, perks, all that other bs where someone that has no life or a poop bucket, tends to be more successful than you. Insurgency allows you to jump in and prove to be worthwhile to your team rather quickly.The maps are intricate and well done. The game types are a lot of fun. At the start everyone can choose different classes and then have a few options on how to spend their points. I love how I can add more weapon attachments in place of a sidearm or heavier armor.I have purchased a lot of games under the 20 dollar mark during Steam sales and this one has proven to be the best so far. So at 13 to 15 dollars give it a try. Be warned though, if you are used to the bf, cod, cs, style, you will have to learn how to play slightly different to be successful. You will not be as durable as you are used to. Be patient though, if you give it a little time you will rewarded with some great gameplay.So far the community seems to be rather positive. At least from what I have noticed so far on the servers I have played on. I do appreciate a good gaming community and hope it grows more."
,Recommended,222880,9912489,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,steven+,"Yo, listen here. This game is real good. You know that feeling when you twist open an oreo and you see that cream. You think in your head mmm that looks so good. Well, imagine getting that feeling playing a game. It's like eating an oreo but, you playing a game man and you having the time of yo life."
,Recommended,222880,13654265,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SharkDouble07,"This game is very heart racing when you first play it, and ofcourse we all shoot our own team at first also. But once you get used to the game you'll be very good at it. Game is very immersive and there are some pretty good workshop items but not many. If you want to pick this up while it's on sale go right ahead. And I myself just laugh at the way people die in this. They will just be running and a bullet enters their face and they land flat on the ground with the perfect death sound.Love the game 10/10 ""Steam Holiday Sale 2014 (-50%) $7.49"
,Recommended,222880,17145375,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,NoSignaL_,"This game has really good Co-op, it's the main reason I play it at all.It's a very nice realistic FPS and plus it's cheap at €14,99 and it's better then most AAA games.Also it is very well optimized and you can run it on anything much like any source engine game and still make the game look good."
,Recommended,222880,8823654,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,yosho the fat,"Do I really recommend this game? This isn't even a question. I've had this game since the Alpha and it's been evolving alot (Took a while for the muzzle flashes, but they got it fixed at least!). I've been enjoying every single session and it feels so different from everything. The immersion is awesome, the ambient sounds are fitting well with the environments, the maps are well designed and the guns just feel so good to shoot! Looking forward for the updates to come but let's face it, what could possibly make this game even more awesome? I don't know! They always add stuff that surprises you and it's always a pleasure to discover it. Kuddos!"
,Not Recommended,222880,29920852,Posted: 14 February,all,Ahmed,♥♥♥♥ battleye
,Recommended,222880,8837473,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Berkut,"Awesome game, i killed an enemy, reloading and going to the courner to hide, after few seconds BOOOM!, WTF was that i was wondering, than i understand what that was a frag grenade of the enemy ive killed. This game really gives a ""fresh air"", after all COD, BF and CS games.﻿"
,Recommended,222880,23086612,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[MAGA] Chance the Sapper,Insurgency has ruined other first person shooters for me.
,Recommended,222880,8812213,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,12 Bottles of Barry's Red Cola,"Are you a team player? Do you like strategy and not just ""running and gunning"" like in other first person shooters?Get this game.This is genuinely one of the best shooters out there - it requires proper thought and strategy - you can't just run in and kill the whole enemy team, you need to work together with your team mates and go at a slow and steady rate. It sounds like it wouldn't be fun, but it really is - especially with friends."
,Recommended,222880,9674284,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Mr Hyde will be back this year,"This game really deserves some attention. If you are looking for a solid old school coop fps, this may be the game for you. No crosshair, no health regen, no kill confirmation, no grindy leveling system, friendly fire on (default). The approach is realistic but it's not a sim. Firing rpg or triggering a c4 explosion will get you killed if you don't use them carefully.Focusing on the coop part of the game, you will face unforgiving AI that will throw at you frag, smoke nades and will try to flank you. Speaking about the hardest settings, you may argue with me that AI bots seem like aimbotting but it's just what skilled players would do. If you don't pull the trigger first, they will. Maps are pretty intense and require teamwork, patience and tactical approach. No lonewolf rambo would survive much long here. There is also a nice radial menu to communicate with your team vital info without the use of a mic, which is not required but recommended. This game reminds me a bit of the first Ghost Recon. To me this game is already worth full money for only the coop experience, not to mention that it will get steamworks support.About pvp multiplayer i cannot say much since i didn't play it enough, though the couple of games i played felt good to me. There are like 6 different pvp modes to accomodate most of tastes: some single life modes and some with respawns. There is still no pure team deathmatch but it would not fit this game because it relies on objectives you have to accomplish with your team."
,Recommended,222880,11611690,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,S3| Quode,"Definitely a buy. This game is well worth the price tag, and although I don't like the general disregard of hit-reg consistencies and 1st person/3rd person animation variances, the gameplay is still solid and fulfilling to the patient and tactical player.Smooth, Tactical, Objective-based, and Player-Controlled. Sick of somebody trolling and teamkilling? Vote kick him. Tired of playing the same old maps? Vote for map switch. The controls are well mapped out, well configured, and the audio and visual smoothness of the game is just on point. Maps have hours of re-playability, and there is no other game that rewards you for invested time like this one does. As a player that enjoys making other players rage and struggle to grasp a game with such easy mechanics, this game satisfies like no other.Even despite the decline in playerbase/dev support as the time has worn the game, I still enjoy pub stomping and getting together with the skeletal comp community and pug'ing.Skill in alot of games merely means exploiting the system of power within the game and never strafing from beneath its mould. For Insurgency, skill is having a multitude of instincts and counter-strategies to proactively or reactively take the battle against the enemy and win."
,Recommended,222880,8964020,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,dat angry kid,"- Coming to B- Going- Going- Coming to A- I'm coming- Cover me, brother- Tra-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta- Ehhh- I'm coming- Tra-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta- Argh!- Cover, I'm important- Tra-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta- Ah-aaaaaah-ah- Enemy is spotted!- Tra-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta- Aaah- Heavy machinegun reloading sound- Victory soundsNo seriously, modern camper strike w/ realism tweaks"
76561198132177987,Recommended,222880,30458729,Posted: 11 March,all,fly_banana_fly,"For 9,99€? HECK YEAH IT'S WORTH BUYING! I bought a 4-pack at 4,99€ during steam sales. I offered my friends and now we all play together. I've seen a lot of negative reviews to this game, but I'll have to disagree with them. If you get ""Battlefield"" and ""Arma"" and put them both in a locked room for 9 months, and they will give birth to this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Contains realism, extremely good AI and the best of all... MODS. Do you understand what it feels like (after downloading some steam workshop mods) to ear windows xp shutting down every time you kill someone? Or, everytime you lose a match, hear Big Smoke from ""GTA:SA"" ordering two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda."
,Recommended,222880,16810144,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Valmirius,"Reaction Time Speed Improver 2K14The most frustrating yet rewarding FPS I've ever played, you'll know when you're good as much as you'll know when you're bad. You can go above and beyond your teammates, but you'll still need them in the end."
,Recommended,222880,15156720,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Palerion,"Quite frankly, this may be the most fun I've ever had in a shooter.  Maybe I'm exaggerating, but I remember the first time I played split-screen on Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2.  That game introduced fresh gameplay into the FPS market, and as much as CoD-style gameplay is hated today, it was undeniably fresh and original at the time.  It was an experience unlike any other for me.  Unfortunately, that game's novelty wore off quickly as installment after installment copied and pasted.Insurgency, like Modern Warfare 2, has caught my attention by introducing FRESH gameplay that I have never experienced before.  It goes in the opposite direction of MW2, though, contrasting the saturated CoD-clone market with slow-paced and weighty combat.So, to sum up what makes this game so good in two words:  Innovative and Mechanical.Allow me to first elaborate on the innovative features that Insurgency has introduced.  First off, the free-aim system.  It's cool.  REALLY cool.  You have no crosshair.  Instead, there is a small deadzone in the center of the screen.  The initial minute movements of your mouse in any direction turn your gun that way, only minimally affecting camera position, and once you have moved your gun far enough to one side of the screen, you begin to turn.  So, instead of hip-firing with a crosshair that guestimates where your shots may land, you do the guestimation yourself.  You move the gun to where it looks like it may be pointing at the enemy, and you pull the trigger.  Not only does this add a feeling of control to hipfire (and really, it's astounding how real this makes the hipfire feel; it feels and looks exactly like what you would do if you panicked in a paintball war.), but it makes movement very fluid and realistic.Now, that is one innovative feature.  I felt compelled to write a paragraph on it because I have seen nothing like it.  I'll try to be shorter with the rest.  A fluid leaning system using Q and E for left and right respectively.  A sliding system that, unlike call-of-duty sliding, is useful for moving to cover from a sticky situation, but realistically ineffective for rambo-killing.  Bullet penetration systems (armor piercing and higher-caliber ammo will go through certain surfaces that other ammo/calibers will not; you can hit people through walls if your bullet can pierce them.).  Intricate player damage (and I'll touch on this later).  Body armor systems.  Serious depth in attachment choices, and they really affect gameplay.  A silencer in this game is useful for different reasons than most games; your flash is suppressed and it's harder to tell where you're coming from.  No minimap concealment needed, because in this game, you use your senses to spot the enemy.  And seriously, this may be the first game I have ever played where not only is a smoke grenade useful, but often I may prefer it to other grenades, as it allows you to change position and surprise your enemies.Now, the mechanical side of the game.  Mainly what I'm talking about here is the graphics and audio combined, as odd as it seems, because they are MECHANICAL.  And it's awesome.  Contrary to what most people say, the graphics are amazing simply because they so accurately represent mechanical aspects of the game.  A real suppression system; your vision blurs on the edges, doesn't affect your aim like battlefield.  Just shakes you up and reduces your awareness.  The body damage.  An armored vest being hit results in an impact sound and a smoke puff, while a bullet hitting an unarmored body/body part results in a bloody wound.  Bullets coming overhead are intense, from the whizzing sound, to the relentless sparking fury of M249 shells hitting the wall behind you, to the splintering wood and hail of bullets of an SMG firing at you through the wooden floor you stand on, to the angry, distraught yelling of your soldier as a bullet pierces his vest.If you're debating whether or not you should buy it: this game is for people who want a fresh shooter.  People who don't play just to kill everyone.  People who appreciate depth, tactics, and more depth in a shooter.  I'll be playing this for a long time.  Much like Chivalry: Medieval Warfare has absorbed me with deep mechanics that I have never seen, and now love so much,  I am infatuated with this new brand of gameplay.  You don't progress by earning a new gun; rather, you pick up tips as you go, and it will soon feel as though you have ""leveled up"".  Once you grasp the tactical gameplay, you quickly become both skilled and absorbed."
,Recommended,222880,15644339,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,שלום,"It's not an easy shooter. Requires teamwork and a good eye. XP is required just like some other Battle/War games. Too bad you are obligated to do PvP to get new weapons, pretty lame.8/10"
76561197999468179,Recommended,222880,8827565,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Wolfman,"Absolutely brilliant game. It has nice tactical gameplay without getting too slow or complicated.What makes this game unique compared to other shooters are the gamemodes. You have many well balaced gamemodes, like VIP, or search and destroy, who are easy to understand and force the players to play as a team.This game offers a lot more than it cost.If it helps someone for the decision, I usually play: Rainbox Six Ravenshield, Arma Series, Swat4, Natural Selection and Red Orchstra."
,Recommended,222880,7840779,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,SoF{GR}@work,"I was very pesimistic about it when I first saw it on kickstarter, but some very   nice user videos came out recently so i became more and more interested into trying this game.Just got it during the steam sale, only 5 hrs played so far but i really like it, wish there were more FPSs with 3D VOIP, it's such an awesome feature ! graphics and sound  are very high quality, so immersive, the gunfire the soundscape the bullet cracks .... you name it !  razer surround + 5.1 audio setting works excellent on a pair of  quality stereo headphones, you can soundwh()re people so easily in this game,  it's not even funny !Plays like a nice mix of  America's Army  2.x , counter-strike mixed with RO2's  ""classic mode""  or should I just say ... Paintball !!!!  Did I also mention that the graphics are very good for  a 9yr old  engine ?? :DThere is no peristent weapon unlocks / attachments bullcrap, all you have to do it is take it slow and use the terrain to your advantage.Spawn camping is  very not  effective anymore because the game forces you to lower your weapons when you approach the attacker's zone, plus it's very easy to supress the enemy so he can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥:DI don't remember the mod  to feature supression nor crouch  sliding ( really cool ! ) here's the very first steam  player guidehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=199171016Since  TWI won't implement troop transports any time soon ( essential for maps like Rakowice and Arad 2 )  nor have I  the intention of giving  money this year to EA /  any other bunch of greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who like to ship  half-finished games so they can maximize their profits,  this gem will be my multiplayer FPS of  choice utill Contagion gets more content and/or  save up enough money to buy a 4770k so I can run Planetside 2 properly.edit : 10 months later  - 120hrs in already, BUY IT !! what are you  waiting  for ??? :D"
,Recommended,222880,16523468,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,zett,this game is so intense it almost made me convert to Islam and sign up for ISIS
,Recommended,222880,12954319,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,-=205=- Depleted,"Insurgency is the best FPS out there as the combat is really intense, filled with brick ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - monitor punching action which never ends. You could be steamrolling your way through an area, just to walk around a corner and be met by a squad of Insurgents with RPK's and AK74's, or your squad may capture a control point in a market shop - only to be dispatched of quickly by an enemy RPG or F1 Grenade.Test your skills in combat, most weapons kill in 1-2 bullets, checking your corners and watching your angle's is a big part of the game - if you're not careful you could be caught off guard and all it takes is a fraction of a second to make a deadly mistake.I'm an Insurgency mod veteran and I find this game to be as good as the mod - If not better!"
,Recommended,222880,11396724,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,MamaDaBig,one of the best multiplater real life games
,Recommended,222880,29674079,Posted: 3 February,all,Gonzo850,Best bang for your buck. I promise.
,Recommended,222880,16385244,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,bomb my house ahmed,A true tactical shooter!9/10
76561198030176685,Recommended,222880,8378424,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kaustek,"This game can easily compete with the top FPS games out today.It is geared towards squad based gameplay and is set on a 'Hardcore' setting.It has a fresh gamemode that is similar to domination fused with search and destroy.It is similar to Red Orchestra, with modern warfare elements.The bullet hit is dead on; rarely have I been cheated out of a kill due to lag and/or those 'annoying moments' when you think you shot them and you really didn't.There is no 'level up' system, instead you are given points for doing well in-game. You can use these points to put attachments on your weapon.*PLEASE READ*THIS GAME IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART. IT IS NOT FOR 5 YEAR OLD CHILDREN.It is a tactical shooter; It is squad based. There is no room for drop shots, quick scopes or noobtoobs.It uses the valve source dedicated servers, so those of you that enjoy source games and the support. This game is for you.The game is incredibly well made even though it is in the Early Access phase.I'm glad I made this purchase. I will for sure drop Battlefield 4 and put time into this one."
,Recommended,222880,8061661,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Raymond,"They've added pretty nice co-op to the game, it's reminding me Black Hawk Down and Full-Spectrum Warrior, in a good way."
,Recommended,222880,9637403,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Rá¥┼HéõÑ,This game is totally ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.It kicks the ♥♥♥♥ out of COD and BF3/4Still think it's the closest I'm going to get to a decenmt tactical shooter these days that isn't dumbed down for console ♥♥♥♥♥♥s.I highly recommend this game.8/10
,Recommended,222880,10985872,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Shiva,"a bit of counter strike with military theme? whats not to love, I got mine while on steam sale and I'm enjoying it!"
,Recommended,222880,11604604,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,SpaggHeddy,Most realistic game ever!!!! Buy the game or you will be sorry....Could be better then CS:GO....10/10!!!
,Recommended,222880,8740599,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Gaming Grampa,"If you like Adult Hide & Seek combined with a cup of ""Gun Porn"" -then this game is a must have.After ""Role Playing"" a bit, you soon realize that working together as a Squad helps you and your whole Team big time. If the Squad knows which Equipment to choose and the Leader knows which Orders he should give- Oh boy! The immersion kicks in your face and suddenly dying seems like a very bad thing. Not many game's actually accomplished this, not even those true ""Realism Shooters"". Sometimes (and especially in this scenario) is using voice-communication a great way to dive into a game.Did i mention that this game is 30% Gun-Porn? No? Well it is! The Weapons just feel like Weapons- not Airsoft-guns (yes, im looking at you CS:GO [96 Dmg in 6 Shots].) They actually shot where you point, you are aware of the different Gun-Sounds all the time (because ignoring enemy fire is just stupid) AND THE BEST PART: you don't even want all the attachments on your gun! Looking at a AK 47 with just a foregrip never felt better!I hope you can forgive me for not even mentioning one bad point, but i just can't see any.I can't even complain about un-added Features, because all the thing that matter have already been promised and are on the way or are already implemented.It's been ages since i sucked a games *ick that much, and i know it sounds a bit wierd- but believe me: Buy it and get ready to fall on your knee's.Early Access is not always bad, and Insurgency is the best example."
,Not Recommended,222880,29834555,Posted: 10 February,all,ProCryonicX™ [ᵇˡˢ],"I was always under the assumption that League of Legends had the worst community in gaming. Boy was I wrong. This game makes the League of Legends community seem like angels. Good gameplay, Decent sound, Meh grahics. HORRIBLE community."
76561198354728002,Not Recommended,222880,30586060,Posted: 18 March,all,[MAGA] Zephyr,"I really really like this game, it's awesome! Although I would not recomend buying it. After I spent money on this game, an update came out, requiring you to install and use a program named battle eye. Its purpose is to elimate cheaters and hackers from the game, but it just does not do that at all. Also, the permissions of battle eye are terrible, and gives it full acess to your computer network. On top of all that, it constantly crashes your game, making it impossible to play a round without being interuppted and having to restart Insurgency. I don't think it fair that I spend money on something, and then I don't get to play it because of a stupid program. I have to say, battle eye is the worst thing that ever happened to Insurgency, and I would advise against buying the game.-Zephyr"
,Recommended,222880,18655357,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Wondrr,got ptsd10/10 would play again
76561198068374547,Recommended,222880,13058801,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Deathdealer,"is a really great game, love to play with a few buddies and have a good time. But theres a annoyance, whenever i start up the game i can only see half the menu. i have looked online to look for fixes for 1920x1080 res. but i cant find anything. i saw stuff saying change it in the options but i cant see the option becasue my screen is cut halfway off. in order for it to work is i have to change my desktop res. to 800x600 which screws up my icon layout so i have to re-arrange. then launch the game and change it to 1920x1080 and can change it back on my desktop when i cahnge it in game. just a annoyance but the game is still playable with that little set back. Great FPS though :D"
,Recommended,222880,14157875,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Poncock,Its OKAY
,Recommended,222880,19813545,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Коля,Better than CSGO
76561198072877135,Recommended,222880,13342945,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,jbr34,End of every round everybody screams Allahu Akbar 10/10
,Recommended,222880,16396148,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,HASAN-FRE4K,best game ever i recommend to buy it
,Recommended,222880,9071210,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Guzz,"This a amazing game. Unlike most FPS games, this one has an amazing community, maturity is at a really high level and the gameplay itself is badass! Strongly recommend this for everyone"
,Recommended,222880,20320098,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,nuffenzo,good
,Recommended,222880,14093124,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Slottin'Floppies,"Probably the closest you'll ever get to being in a real firefight.(ARMA 2 and 3 are good too) The sounds (bullets cracking as they pass by, etc.) and the ever-present 'not knowing where the hell you're being shot at from 89% of the time' are pretty realistic. For some reason I thought it would be a good idea to play this shortly after getting back from Afghanistan and for the first 15 matches or so I was freaking the ♥♥♥♥ out.Recommendation, use headphones and mic while playing and play with friends. Or play by yourself and make friends."
,Recommended,222880,19067592,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,I wanted Chocolate Ice-Cream,"Has no coffee, otherwise very good."
,Recommended,222880,18245740,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Athena☆Croft,Really intense tacticool shooter! Most realistic shooter I've ever played. It's kinda scary to get shot at in game cuz how realistic it feels like ;o
,Recommended,222880,17386288,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Captain_Bunneee,"Insurgency is, in my opinion, a great and realistic FPS game. I was introduced to this game by my brother and I got hooked on its gameplay, various objectives and the need for teamwork than other FPS which mostly are just spam killing, shooting and aiming.Highly recommended and welcome to the company! :)"
,Recommended,222880,13367640,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Horntail,"really great, if you like tactical shooters, where teamwork is needed, this is the game for you!if you like close combat, like in Call of duty, but with more realism, and less chaos, then you should check this out.and no small sqeakers yelling ""i ♥♥♥♥ed your mom last night!"""
,Recommended,222880,14379700,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,King Rin,Only use snipers.
76561198015857059,Recommended,222880,15231931,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,FelixDaHack,"Thought u were THE PLAYER in BF/COD.NOW be prepared to DIE. ALOT. LONE WOLF PWNER? YEAH try that then sit for 15 minutes and watch your mates die. AWESOME. This games brings back teamwork in a way that BF has lost, and COD never had. (yes ive been a LONG time player of both).It's serious, slightly fun and at times, hard work. One shot to die. Long time to sit it out. Pressure on you when you get the 'last man standing' warning, as you have the chance to respawn the whole team. CHeck the corners, reload asap, look behind. This game is *&^&%&@!! hard, and TBH most of us playing it love it. Sure, the graphics are 2005, the animations are 2001 but the weapon sounds, the balance, the teamwork is what we all wanted in the AAA titles. I for one dont want 16 different grips, 45 different weapons, 55 different camo's etc. OVERIT. ♥♥♥♥ that give us a simple choice, keep it balanced and let skill decide the game YEAH?I died alot in the beginning, but with time and a good squad or two, oh the joy. As a long time advocate of BFBC2, this game reminds what devs can do to bring back simpilicity, TEAMWORK and awesome fun times all at once. BEWARE no killcam, no HUD, no MAG COUNT. Awesome again. Its hard and its challenging BUT that kill, that POINT CAP, can be soooo >>>REWARDING<<< because, you actually earnt it.This game is a good balance between ARMA, BF. CS and RO.Can't recommend highly enough for those in the FPS community who are looking for an extra challenge. You'll mostly find a good community of players who understand Friendly Fire, Teamwork and VoiceChat as you'll need all to succeed :PEnjoy"
,Recommended,222880,16405533,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Goblin,£3 for life long PTSD? worth it.
,Recommended,222880,26597363,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Neaira Zephyrus,"Installs game does tutorial....Installs mods....Kawaii mods activated.....Gets distracted from the kawaii images and dies...Great tactical shooter, good fun even doing stupid things (looking for images), also fun playing with friends.Friends........."
,Recommended,222880,17143039,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Puddy,"*BANG* *BANG* My Team: ""Sector clear""*BANG* Me: ""Awwh, I'm dead""*BANG*  My Team ""Enemy down""Me: WHY COULDNT YOU KILL HIM FASTER ;-;No, But seriously it's a good shooter. Get itr if you are a fan of shooters."
,Recommended,222880,23956894,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ahnaf,Amazing Game On The Planet! :D
,Recommended,222880,28060538,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,HD,PTSD simulator 2014I still get Vietnam-style flashbacks whenever someone says RPG.plz send help O_o
,Recommended,222880,32893767,Posted: 27 June,all,シ Whatever シ,"This game is really amazing.I love graphics and how game is working, maps are bigger which gives players more places to go or hide.This game is also realistic, instead of hitting enemy with hundreds of bullets you only need like 2-3 to kill enemy, also there's no HUD or something like death notice (like in CS:GO) so you have to find out yourself if you killed enemy.I really love how grenades work, also gun sounds are pretty sweet.Last thing that I want to say is missions against AI are so much fun for me that I could just play this game for days.I must say you guys did pretty good ♥♥♥♥ing job when making this game and I'm really glad that I bought this.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,22296154,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,SwiggidyDiggity,"Honestly the single greatest Tactical Shooter I've ever played. I've been a lifetime Rainbow Six fan, Ive played countless hours of Squad, and nothing compares to the ability to shine that Insurgency has. Between Modding, Replay-ability, perfectly balanced gunplay, and many other things, I have to reccomend this game. I wish I could have a problem with this game, but I dont. 9/10 (only because mods make it better)"
76561198067897151,Recommended,222880,15253188,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Killerrush,So if you combine Red Orchestra and Arma do you know what it will occur?Insurgency will occur thats right!So a few words about Insurgency.This game is the only realistic FPS shooter game out there.This game is like a real life war as 1 shot to the headshot with any weapon from any range is an instakill and this is also true about the the other parts of your body.A lot of competitive gamers out there who only play Cod or Battlefield should try out Insurgency and show their skills off.9/10
,Recommended,222880,13173661,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,El $lotho,Imagine skyrim but with guns :D 10/10
76561198078709371,Recommended,222880,31734019,Posted: 13 May,all,Satwik,"Awesome game hell of fun to play. Best for coop with a group of friends, fluid combat, could improve server availability.Defiently worth picking up in a sale"
,Recommended,222880,20497371,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,♂ DaGroose ♂,"If you wanted to fight for ISIS but your mom wouldn't let you, then you should get this game so you can wage Jihad from the comfort of your own home"
,Recommended,222880,16288465,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Grimsby,"With the execption of the map Peak, this game gets so many things right. The brutally immersive gameplay is unparalleled in the way that it balances realism and controls. Unlike a certain game, you won't find yourself having to learn a bunch of controls to do simple actions. One of my favorite things about this game is its accessibility. Although you probably won't start out super good, if you learn from how you died the last 25 times you'll improve. If you put in enough time, you'll stop treating most FPS as ""run-and-gun"" games. This game forces you to be tactical and thorough with the penalty being death.The most noticable disadvatage new players have is map awareness.I'm constantly surprised by the AI in Insurgency's Co-op modes. The AI are neither easy nor predictable and I guarantee you'll be surprised by how challenging they can be. They won't just gun you down if you're standing directly in front of an AI bots; they will flank you, surpress you, snipe you, toss smokes at you, and even incendiaries/molotovs.Beating the AI actually requires a level of teamwork that makes lone-wolfing it rather difficult. On ""forgiving"" or easy, you can easily cut through bots with a team that communicates so once you beat the maps, change it to ""unforgiving""/medium or ""brutal""/hard. I'm always suprised by how many times I can play a round of Checkpoint on the same map and have it play differently (except Ministry... it's pretty linear on Chekpoint).I could go on and on about the various PvP modes... To keep it short, there's a mode for everyone.This game is a value buy. Even though it is only priced at $14.99 USD, it usually goes on sale on Steam for something like $7 and sometimes cheaper on Humble Bundle. and... that's it. You won't find yourself purchasing a bunch of DLC packs. New World Interactive (the developers) release new content in free updates. That's not to say that the game never changes though. Not only are there a lot of brilliant works on the Steam Workshop, there are also servers that run custom maps too.Although I originally thought that the New World Interactive cheaped out on this game- I've come to learn how the simplicity of Insurgency is quite fitting. In a realistic way, it doesn't give you an abundance of information. The HUD is very minimalist and clean. However, there are many details which make the game visually appealing as well. This includes smoke trails from your gun, really intense surpression, and tracer rounds that give away the position of the shooter.Did I mention there are no kill indicators (with the exception of a few servers)? Have fun checking corpses to confirm your own kills!!!...and running/sprinting only brings you closer to the gates of hell. You will be gunned down without mercy- True Story."
,Recommended,222880,14978176,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Frodo Swaggins,"I like to think of this game as the gap between ultra realism (Project Reality BF2)  and semi-realism (ArmA 2/3).This game is pretty easy to pick up if you're me and already own ALOT of FPS games  but it is rather challenging in the way of no crosshair, ammo counter and pretty realistic ballistics.But it can be REALLY hard, like 5 mins into a match and this guy on the enemy team was on our left flank coming out of the spawn area... I don't even know how he got there in the first place.Also co-op is decent but the AI can go from a person who can't even allahu ackbar to undercover spec-ops allahu ackbar guy, but is a great place to practice tactics etc.Despite being hard to pick up for some, I became a badass at sniping, becoming a man with over 300 confirmed  kills and  ended up being trained in gorilla warfare (LEL MEYMEYS). Seriously, I just picked up a sniper went prone on a hill and bip bop BAM, instant Chris Kyle.9.69133712512/10"
76561198059432500,Recommended,222880,16395594,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Killajeebus,"I LOVE THIS GAMEAdrenaline rushes come my way seeing ""LAST MAN STANDING"" pop up on my screenI run toward objectives, I hear gun fireThat gun fire alone makes me jump; my ears are shatteredI listen closely for enemy footstepsAll I can hear is ""ALLAHU AKBAR""I know this is the end of meI run all out guns blazingOnly to be shot down mid step by a sniper 100+ feet away."
,Recommended,222880,8809777,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,DETOXIFIED,"One of the most realistic fps military shooters you will ever play, you experience this game, it's amazing. Excellent Teamwork is the only way to play this, you can't go Rambo like you do in COD or BF, which makes this game so unique, you need to play as a team, realistic weapons and sounds make this game feel like a real life situation. This game is recommended for those who want challenge, who want to know what it's like to be a soldier without going to foreign countries, this is Insurgency.10/10-A must play for real gamers."
,Recommended,222880,15102651,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Mandem,Love it real life combat experience 420/10
,Recommended,222880,11153559,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Firelintjjj,a very good game very realistic if you like to work as a team then this game is for you :)9/10
76561198063953120,Recommended,222880,14332815,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,ֆFuzzybombֆ,WHEN YOU HEAR RPGEEEEE AND YOU GET A HEART ATTACK AND SCREAM AND EVERYONE ELSE IN THE ROOM IS STARING AT YOU11/10 WOULD SCREAM AGAIN
76561198145541453,Recommended,222880,23136633,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,killer_peppa,"A fun and realistic FPS game where you have to stick with your team and cooperate to survive and win. If you're just running around on your own on the field, shooting everyone you see, you will die really fast. This game has a good selection of classes, weapons and attachments for your style as a soldier. If you're tired of unrealistic shooters, this is the perfect, realistic FPS game."
76561198044742522,Recommended,222880,24047734,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,modded_crazydog,Not as much teamwork as you're lead to believe. You can quite easily pick a sniper role and detach from your team as you lone-wolf the co-op levels with 4x optical zoom. Support from devs is extremely high with mod integration and regular patches
,Recommended,222880,16074127,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,s4v4g3z,"This game pooh's on CS GO. END OF STORY.In all seriousness though. This is an amazing game. The dev's nailed the suppression effect. When those bullets fly by and hit walls around you, your butt clench factor is about a 9.6 out of 10. The scopes are unlike any i've seen in a fps. They actually take time to pull up and have a realistic feel to them. Silencing your footsteps and creeping makes for some intense end of round shootouts. I have yet to see a hacker in this game unlike every other game i've played. COUGH DAYZ COUGH.BUY THIS GAME YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. Well actually you will because you realized you wasted your money on the bandwagon game CS NO."
76561198061521828,Recommended,222880,15253283,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,KoF | The Ghostly Gamer,"If George Bush and Osama Bin Laden had a chess battle, who would win?Osama Bin Laden, because Bush already lost two towers.Anyways, this game is awesome would recommend it to everyone who enjoy's shooters.It's way more fun than CS:GO. :)"
,Recommended,222880,14112755,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Stephano1221,"One of the best FPS games out there.If you are getting sick of the arcade style feel of other games, make sure to check this one out as it is headed more towards realism.9/10"
,Recommended,222880,14088929,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Shibe Heil,-Spawned-Followed team leader-Sniped immediatly-Watched entire team die and round ended10/10 would die again
,Recommended,222880,19805320,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,▪ orioN ``,Insurgency is TACTICAL realistic multiplayer game but you do not what is the meaning of tactical for this game.Insurgency tactics :1-)Throwing nades and yelling allahu akbar in the mic.2-)Playing arabic music.**Do not worry If enemy team yells better as a team - probably they are going to die for their case and you are going to win.Also your some of crazy teammates can kill you  If you kill the guy who is yelling allahu akbar in the mic.(All servers have unique allahu akbar remix musics do not worry.)**
,Recommended,222880,19826083,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,TheRifleman91,Spent 2$ on this when it was on sale.  Like it more than most games I have spent 60$ on.  Unbelievable game.  Great community.
,Recommended,222880,19815563,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ssim,Battlefield + CSGO = Insurgency.
,Recommended,222880,20957259,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,BOB,Freakin awesome game! For me best FPS war shooter available on steam along Arma 3 and Squad which are more tactical based ones. So many modes and great workshop details with this newly WWII ingame scenario (hopefully theyll put more WWII weapons). Big Fan! Sure recommendations!
76561197979975953,Recommended,222880,18254391,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,cRankface,What has Insurgency to offer?> modern based warplay> realistic gameplay> team-tactical oriented> different gamemodesTruely a one of kind fps that I would recommend.
76561197983569308,Recommended,222880,21718263,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,VIPER-MZ,"great 1st perosn shooter, great graphics, fun to play!"
,Recommended,222880,22086895,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Snoopzzzz,ISIS rates 9/11
,Recommended,222880,15863750,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Kanga,"This game is 50% people yelling ""ALLAHU AKBAR!"", 20% deciding which AK to take (Same with M4) and 30% jihad.10/10 would Insurgent again"
,Recommended,222880,14859572,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,BOBBY chop!,I'd choose it over CSGO anyday. It's probably the best shooter out there.
,Recommended,222880,14701921,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,||TPM| Pumpkin,"Great game with tense engagements, wtf moments and epic firefights. Multiplayer is always a blast.  And Co-op is a fun change of pace. Put A LOT of hours in to the game.  Recommended for any FPS player, but be warned. It can  be rage enducing.  But other than that its fantastic.Children shouldnt play this game.  So stop them."
,Recommended,222880,10555222,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Machinata,cs-like but more intense and hardcore !there are SEA server but have very few ppl. If your connection is good to AUS/NZ server it will be worth to buy since they have lot player on server
,Recommended,222880,13381739,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Deshi,"Tense, atmospheric, challenging FPS that rewards skilled and thought out gameplay, one of my favourite online shooters and online game, period. Community is quite poor, young immature playerbase."
,Recommended,222880,30224376,Posted: 27 February,all,BirdOfPray,"It is a fps game that takes place in Iraq/Middle East. Basicly you are fighting as USA against militia. There's no much story in this game though this game is clearly better than Call Of Duty and it is way more cheaper than CoD. If you like first person shooter and if you see this game on a sale just buy it. You won't regret a thing.Well I wanna talk about some of the game features.->Realism: The lack of crosshair & HUD(where you cannot see how many bullets in your magazine etc.) is the most important part of the game thus makes the game realistic and more challenging.->Weapons: Base weapons for classes are good and enough I think. If you don't like some guns, you can always replace any weapon in the game with mods which gives you the ability to craft your own personal armory.->Coop: I mostly played Coop mode which is really fun with friends. I didn't encountered any toxic player in coop. Therefore I like the community of this game.->Multiplayer: I didn't play much in multiplayer only for like 12 hours or so. I found it a little slow. If you are looking for a tactical approach in fps games, I believe you gonna like it.->Mods: You can reshape the game as much as you like. You can change Insurgents as ISIS and make them shout ""Allahu Akbar"" everytime they throw a RPG at you. Or make them Star Wars Clones so that they will miss every shot.As a conclusion, I like this game and I recommend to all fps lovers. I really felt like in a war while playing this game. I hope to see you guys & gals in the battlefield."
,Recommended,222880,8993899,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,snuffles,"COD fans, prepare to be disappointed. You have rounds in your magazines in this game..."
,Recommended,222880,9002525,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,booched,"After playing the game alot in the past days, I can tell it's really good.In my opinion, this game is a combination of Red orchestra, Call of duty and Counterstrike.Playing smart leads to satisfying victories and it never gets old.The map design is fun and well made.The game isn't perfect, but the devs are regularely patching the game.Amongst things I hope they improve, customization of a few weapons seems to be overlooked. Most assault rifles and weapons have alot of attachments and modifications available, which makes you able to make your own kit and personnalize it towards your role and your gameplay. However, The sniper rifle only has a single mod available, AP ammo. yep. That sucks. Not that Ap ammo is bad, but it just doesn't feel like it actually changes anything. Why didn't they add options like the red dot like every other weapon in the game has, or the laser sights. or the silencer. you get the drill.the game seems and feels balanced overall, but there are some things I can't get my head around as to why they even did this. An example is that in order for a Insurgent to get light armor, he needs 2 supplies(currency used to make your weapon kit, you have 10 by default). If he wants a heavy armor, he needs 4 supplies. Seems good, however, Security forces can get the light armor for free and the heavy armor for 2 supplies, while the insurgents dont seem to get any advantage besides the fact that their special ammo types( AP and HP) cost 1 less supply. These are only minor flaws and can be changed in a flash, So it's no big deal for now.TL:DR Fun game, give the devs some breathing room,Balanced gameplay with weird elements. 8/10."
76561197990576059,Recommended,222880,8777967,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[WNC] CluE,This game is so amazing! Not trying to compare the game here but remember that first feeling back when Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare first came out and it was so much fun. That's the same feeling I got when I played this game. The gameplay is phenomenal and requires communication with your team if you want to win. 10/10 buy this game already!!!
76561197971083884,Recommended,222880,9881503,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Cap'n Crunch,"The coop in this game is more than acceptable.  The AI is pretty sneaky.  The highlight for me are the weapons and the sounds.  The cqb is pretty intense, and the firefights unforgiving."
,Recommended,222880,10474550,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Dawei87,"More people need to be playing this game because it is incredible! The maps are perfect and provide good strategic cover and the game itself really promotes teamwork. The game modes are great and definitely feel like a breath of fresh air after playing all of the mainstream shooters out there. It might take a few rounds to get the hang of things if you aren't familiar with games like this, but if you are looking for good tactical team-oriented gameplay then you will not regret this purchase. Especially for $15 this game is really a steal!"
,Recommended,222880,11647572,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,v.DJ NeX,"This game is awesome and totally worth the price.  It runs great and looks beautiful, even on older rigs.Keep in mind this is what I classify as a ""Hardcore"" style tactical shooter.  This isn't a run and gun game.  This is a teamwork based game that takes time to get the objectives done.  Weapons are VERY lethal, but well balanced.  I believe that this is the natural progression of games like CS where your character has one life to live.  The reality of the weapons their handling really makes this game enjoyable especially to someone like me who has handled the majority of the weapons in this game.Keep up the great work!-DJ"
,Recommended,222880,11820738,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Intensive Porpoises,very good very handsome i like it
76561198097698711,Recommended,222880,11982200,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Pesky Bee!,"9/10, great shooter just needs a few more guns! Fun to play and regualr updates just keep me playing."
76561198027448421,Recommended,222880,12224070,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Phuneral Phreak [GP],"This is honestly one of my favourite FPS's. It's a mixture of the tactical planning/slower pace of Red Orchestra without as much stalematey gameplay. Rounds can move quickly, but the map size ensures that you never miss the action. It rewards going after objectives over getting kills by awarding 10x the points for capturing an objective. Each role feels important, from sharpshooters to machine gunners. Finally, like any semi-tactical fps it can suffer from having bad teammates that don't communicate, but the community is overall pretty decent.TL;DR- if you like Red Orchestra and Arma but want something a little more CQ and fast paced definitely pick it up."
76561198037035191,Recommended,222880,13062198,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Username,"Fantastic tactical FPS that# requires patience, foresight, planning and good reflexes# finds the sweet spot between arcade shooter and realistic tactical simulation# has many different maps, game modes and possible loadouts and thus offers a wide variancy of ways to play# is reduced to the max (no killcam, no kill notifications, no crosshair, no ammo counter)# has great developers that constantly add new content (guns, maps, playmodes or recently night vision goggles)# has the best looking smoke in video game history"
76561198089704453,Recommended,222880,13104720,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,McMurder,"**GAME START**RPG to the faceDead**RESPAWN**AK to the face from 200 yardsDead**RESPAWN**Molotov in a small crowded roomAll deadI've never died so often or so cinematically in another game, and yet i can't get enough. Imagine ArmA and COD had a love child... this is pretty close to how it would turn out. You get the playability and in some sense the pace of Call of Duty, with the ever-present fear of impending death from a well put together ArmA mission. Run and gun works in some situations, but more often than not a good solid bit of squad based teamwork is the way forward - and the people i've played with so far have been team playersYes there are bugs, and sometimes they frustrate... You can plug an entire clip into an enemy without blunting his accuracy - you'll still get an AK to the face. But the sheer tension and ultimate satisfaction that comes from a win make up for it. And i'm sure this game still has a lot to give anyway.Highly recommend if you're in to squad play and don't mind dying. A lot.AK to the faceDead"
,Recommended,222880,13146596,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Amy Schumer,Awesome game so much better than anyother games ive played this game has no b.s one shot your done just like its supposed to be !
,Recommended,222880,16213725,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Missing-Nin,The combat is super difficult but really fun too. Recommend it to experienced FPS players.
76561198072869663,Recommended,222880,23785818,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Cpt. Leeroy Katczinsky,"This is the most tactical/realistic game on Steam.9/11 if you know what I mean ;)If you dont like how the game looks, you can download skins and soundpacks from workshop.There is nothing more to say, just buy it ;)"
,Recommended,222880,17312874,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,g4m3r,"This game is a perfect mix between the Arma and Battlefield series (even if only infantry based), it is full of different and fun pvp game modes, all based around territory control, hunt & destroy objectives, escort and obviously the classics like team deathmatch. The interesting aspect is that it also comes with a full coop team based option, where cooperation and teamplay are fundamental against rather smart and deadly AI enemies.Realism is not far away in Insurgency, one or two bullets put you down on the ground and while gameplay is still pretty frantic, you need to move cautiously around every corner, looking everywhere and listening to every sound clue possible, above all during night missions. You can customize your equipment in every little aspect, from weapon attachments to accessories like granades and night vision goggles, but you also need to keep an eye to your overall weight, based on the kind of mobility you want to have on the battlefield.Technically the game is rather good, graphics/effects are not that far from nowadays triple A titles and levels/maps are pretty well built. Sound design is top notch and you'll♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself out when you'll hear bullets coming your way, but you'll also grin like a little Rambo when you'll hear the power of a full M249 magazine discharge...really great!I don't have particular issues to point out about Insurgency, it always played smooth and I had fun during all my time with it (and will keep playing it in the future). Compared to other FPS communities, players are always willing to play like a team and rarely opt for a mad mercenary approach, putting this game between the top spots of the military/tactical shooter genre. And its developers keep working on it sending out free upgrades and new maps/weapons/modes.Recommended, without a doubt!!"
76561197989609619,Recommended,222880,8907428,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Watchtowerr,After being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with CS:GO. Decided to try this game as an alternative and it is really ♥♥♥♥ing fun. Slightly more teamwork is involved and taking your time is pretty important.
,Recommended,222880,8914363,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Loci612,"Insurgency is such a fun game, for such a small price. Its basically an FPS that is different to the rest. You can customize your weapons, many different gamemodes, heaps of open servers. Insurgency is much more realistic than COD and Battlefield. You have to work as a team to get the objective rather than running in yourself and just looking for kills.This game is becoming increasing popular because it is so cheap compared to other FPS games.I highly reccomend you pick it up before they increase the price, many hours of fun."
,Recommended,222880,9092982,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Chuckles,"Insurgency is undoubtably the best First Person Shooter, in fact the best of all shooters, that I have ever played. It is realistic, one or two shot kill when shots are placed correctly. There are completely original game modes, in fact there is no Team Deathmatch or Free For All because honestly in war no one is killing just to kill, there has to be an objective. There are fast game modes and sustained game modes. Insurgency gives you what you payed for and much more, it is for the player who is looking for a realistic, choice-based game with great gameplay and decent graphics."
,Recommended,222880,9324934,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Smo Huffmister,Hmmm.... How can I put this? Do you want a realistic war game but not as hardcore as Arma3? Do you want something decently fast paced but not as arcadeish/childish as a Call of Duty game? Kind of looking forward a Counter-Strike but where you can aim down the god damned sight? This is it! A game that blends Arma 3/Battlefield 3/Call of Duty/Counter Strike quite nicely. This is a must have for any real FPS player.
,Recommended,222880,9614931,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Kapt'n Krunch,Close Quarters Firefight Simulator
,Recommended,222880,8825660,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,samdavnic,Really awesome 'strategic game'. Uses a giant veriaty of weapons on both Terrorist and Anti-Terrorist teams. Rated 8.5 out of ten and would recommend this game to Battlefield and CS:GO players.
,Recommended,222880,8885320,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Myleigh,"Epic! The cross breed of Counterstrike and Call of Duty in a hardcore mode. I recommend this game for any FPS fan, worth every penny."
,Recommended,222880,9038783,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,{Op4}Gurky,"Insurgency is a fun, fast paced shooter for those who enjoy a more tactical environment than the Counter-Strike or Call of Duty franchises. Game moves at a more methodical pace and requires teamwork and strategy. Impressive use of the STEAM engine. The graphics and sounds are very well done. Maps are kind of small and selection is limited to only a few different missions."
76561197972430274,Recommended,222880,9191467,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Krieger,Such a refreshing take on tactical and modern gameplay.  I like realism shooters and this one delivers a hell of alot better than other major fps games out there today.
76561198062025070,Recommended,222880,10030355,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Creepy_Clown,The content you get with this game is pretty good. For the price it's one of the best fps shooter on Steam.
,Recommended,222880,10140186,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Cossack-HD,"""The game that totally made me don't want to get into a firearms fight in real life even though it doesn't show spilled guts and smells of death.""Insurgency is a tactical modern infrantry combat simulator. No fancy health regeneration, hit markers, crosshairs or even ""enemy killed"" pop ups or health bars. All you have is your team, bunch of enemies spred in usually urban environment, objectives to capture and nicely looking and well animated weapon that feels like real one (I've been shooting real AK, M4, a pump action shotgun and a bolt action rifle IRL and I can tell you what feels real).There also is flexible inventory letting you chose equipment and weapon modules, letting you invest on silence of you weapons, heavier armor and weapons or extra explosives used as tactical advantage. It doesn't work the same way as in other  shooters - all your abilities are determined by your chose of equipment, not by silly ""perks"".You might think that Battlefield multiplayer in hardcore mode can give you more than Insurgency, so what's so special?The realism and the game design. You camp instead of running in the field killing everything that moves, you wait instead of rushing forward the enemies ""to get easier kills"", you are careful instead of being a rambo, you move out when other guys cover you otherwise you're in bigger risk, you work as a team and you get rewarded if do your best. If you don't, then the life is short. The game in unforgiving - every mistake is a deadly risk, every move gets even more risky as you get closer to your target. It's like chess where you're just one of the figures when all the other figures do their moves at the same time. The tension is always high while both teams are careful and try to find perfect balance between safety and mobility...And then the opposing forces meets, and the skrimish begins and concrete dust raises... The first act may only take a second and few fighters are down, while the others try react and understand the situation so they can and regroup to meet the threat. You only survive long enough if you do as people do on real war: ""you hope that other guys get killed instead of you"". You only love this game if you play it like if it was a real war... and I say it's immersive not because it looks great, but because itfeelsgreat. If it looked as good as it feels, you would get PTSD after a short while. Looking forward for VR edition..."
,Recommended,222880,10878488,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Vandalist,"If you play a lot of Counter Strike and are getting a little burned out, consider taking a break and playing Insurgency. It mixes Counter Strike playability with almost Battlefield 3/4 game types. It's not all about bomb defusal, hostage rescue or TDM. The steam workshop support is awesome, try downloading the two part sound pack to enhance the experience of being in a fireright. Large firefights in Insurgency make Counter Strike feel like Space Invaders."
76561198073564310,Recommended,222880,11040558,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Sgt. Spades,"Really swell game! Good graphics if you don't look at them too close. Great weapon system. Co-op is good, though the bots can sometimes pull off insane kills with unlikely guns from far away (shotguns, full-auto gunfire, rpgs, ect...). Though the maps are similar, the gameplay is always different and your actions have consequences. Not guarding a flank can kill your whole team.Several aspects of the game do need improvement though, especially in co-op. There are pretty much two types of bots out there. Those that suck and stand there (even sometimes run out in the open) with their guns pointed in the air. And those who corner camp and/or can headshot you before you can see them, with a shotgun. The bots also need a little tweaking in the molotov department, as they can accurately aim a molotov at you and throw it as high as possible and hit you with it. Also, the armor system is a bit odd. Sometimes you can survive insane amounts of gunfire and think, I should be dead. While other times you can be wearing the heavy armor and die from one pistol shot.Overall , I would reccommend this game, but caution people too. If you don't like long respawn periods, then DO NOT buy this game. The consequences I mentioned earlier are basically very long times of sitting in your chair spectating another player because you died and there aren't any more reinforcement waves. Even though many people would consider this a con, I consider it a pro because it gives you a better sense of mortality and that you actually need to be aware and careful.I'd give this game a 8.5/10, it truly is my favorite hardcore fps out there.Buy this game while it's on sale!"
76561198066590563,Recommended,222880,11911271,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,[LV]TXhenXT♜farmskins.com,Best simulator shooter so far ... lovin it !
76561198120569450,Recommended,222880,11936503,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Ewan ★ back,its very hardcore game good to have a group of friends playing it. Can sometimes get annoying because of the amount of times you will die in game but you play for a little bit you will start to progress and learn the maps more you will have alot more fun.
,Recommended,222880,12191274,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Dutchguy,"Tl;Dr ""If you like CS:GO or tactical shooters then this is definitely worth a try.""Insurgency is a tactical shooter game made by New World Interactive and is based on the source engine.The game is based on the Half Life 2 mod insurgency and takes lots of inspiration from the Battlefield 2 mod: Project Reality.Gameplay:The gameplay is set around online multiplayer adverserial with gamemodes which revole around capture points, VIP's and intel.Each gamemode has its own playstyle and challanges.Insurgency calls itself a tactical shoot and it really does the genre justice. You usually die in a few hits and cant afford to run and gun, since it will get you killed. In other words not a game for the faint hearthed, because this game will make your hearth raise when the time is ticking and you're the last person on your team to make the difference between winning and losing.The map design is done just right there are no real choke-points and there is always a way of breaking though the enemys defence without making it unfair for either team. Even though they did nail the map balance there are still some nasty bugs with terrain clipping and invisible walls (specifically on the map ""Peak"").The loadout system has an interesting balance, it gives you set ammount of points to spend on weapons Counter Strike style, but instead of earing those points, it will give you them upfront. I do really like this system, it makes it so that there wont be inbalance due to firepower and the combinations are practically endless.Gunplay:The gunplay is done really wel in this game, the bullet goes where you aim, but the kick of the weapons make sure it wont be a simple fact of point and click. All the guns come with their own sounds which are really well done and give you a real sense of immersion. Each weapon also has its own animation and every reload will be a joy because of that.Severs and matchmaking:The matchmaker is definitely one of the game its flaws, it works fine when theres is plenty of people online, but when theres not it tends to throw you in to servers with one or two people on it. Luckily there is the sever browser which makes it so you can always find a game you like. Another important note is that sometimes the game does have laggspikes, however not very often, this will is something really annoying when you're trying to line up that perfect shot and it just laggs out at that one crucial point.When you enter the game you will probably also notice in the mainmenu that there is a player tier and rank, however these ranks do not influence the game or matchmaking in anyway (but it does give some nice bragging rights).Verdict:I will definitely recommend this game to anyone who has played first person shooters before, people who want to get in to tactical shooters or someone who is looking for a challenging and competetive game. I'd definitely not recommend this game for anyone looking for something light and/or easy to play.Even though the minor complaints about your casual lagg-spike or a bad hitbox here and there, this game is a definite buy for me and delivers hours (if not days) of fun and replayability."
,Recommended,222880,20574052,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,/A\º KroniK,The only game I ever play anymore.So many updates all the time. This game is the best and the devs actually care
76561198070386406,Recommended,222880,13815381,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Uriel1776,The sound effects were so good I jumped out of my chair when I heard a gunshot sound for the first time.10/10. would be spooked by an insurgent again.
76561197963950237,Recommended,222880,14095859,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,[SFW]Sv,"I love 1st person shooting games.  Had been playing CS with countless of hrs and when I tried this Insurgency, I stop playing CS.  Love this game so much.  Love the smart bots.  Love the fire fights. Love the map.   Just got nothing bad to say about this game but damn.... everything is so damn realistic!"
,Recommended,222880,17015125,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Walkman,"Insurgency. Without a single doubt in my mind this is one of the best purchases I have ever made on Steam. This game is the definition of a gritty, hardcore, and realistic military shooter. It can have it's ups and downs, bugs and etc, however this game is amazing and I truly mean it. If you've ever played games such as ARMA or CS:GO and enjoyed them then you will undoubtfully love this game. The community may be a bit small in compared to other games but it's dedicated. That for me is a big plus. Do yourself a favor and buy this game, you'll be doing yourself and the community good."
76561198077976221,Recommended,222880,9336489,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Everlasting Dargoon,"a great game with awesome netcode. the good thing about this game is that if you die, its because you ♥♥♥♥ed up. Not because the netcode on the engine sucks. Also the community is suprisingly funny and you sometimes will find yourself in a game where everyone is yelling ""FOR ALLAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"""
,Recommended,222880,9715748,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,George Costanza,Makes me moist in the Kangoroo zone bby.
,Recommended,222880,9880820,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,DevM,"If you are looking for a great FPS game that actually requires tactics this is the game for you. The game does not have the best visuals but that makes it more accessible to players with less powerful machines (like me). This game beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of almost all current AAA FPS titles. If you want a fun FPS expierience with friends, this game is what you have been looking for.Pros: Realistic Damage ModelNo B.S. like killstreaks or perksBalanced Class SystemCons: Some Map/Game Mode Combinations are unfair for a certain team."
76561198071000088,Recommended,222880,13869981,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Pope Francis,10/10 Would do it for the land of milk and honey again!
,Recommended,222880,8690024,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,exi,Very nice game!Focus on tactics and teamplay.
76561198058917887,Recommended,222880,8699065,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,"""Rooter"" Takshi80","One of the best games I've ever played. Insurgency mixes successful elements of games like Call of Duty, Counter-Strike, and Arma, and mixes them together to create a unique experience. The blend of gameplay elements allows Insurgency to be realistic and fun at the same time, and I'm loving it.In addition to the gameplay, Insurgency has a dedicated and helpful team of developers who are quite involved in the community.10/10, would DEFINITELY reccomend."
,Recommended,222880,8852134,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,White.Meat,"This game has EVERYTHING that made me fall in love with my most favorite game of all games, America's Army."
76561198122448935,Recommended,222880,8862162,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Brain,"What a cool game, reminds of wolfenstein but much more refined and tuned, the fact of the matter is this game requires patiance to learn how it works, how other people think and how you feel about the situation.It is sometime's better not to take the shot when you don't know if he has a teammate behind him..now your outnumberd and have a high chance of death. On the other hand if they get passed and take out your cache then game over, on top of thatyou have to be mindfull of the fact that etc etcBasically if you dont want to hate this game straight away then come to it with a stratigic mind set not a run n gun one."
,Recommended,222880,8884620,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,FindingNeymar,Great tatical tense action. Getting shot at is crazy.
,Recommended,222880,8885706,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,speegit,i like shooting the towelheads
,Recommended,222880,8886409,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,HefTheSupremeCloutKing,"This is a great game, it has a verry detailed style for gamplay, if you like very realistic war games this the way to go.  The game dose have some cons though, i dident like the variaty for weapons they where very predictable and and i got bored with them quick.  Overall this is a great game i woild give it a 7 out of 10"
,Recommended,222880,8922074,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,InfantryVet11b,"Great game, if you enjoy Red Orchestra then I would highly recommend this game. The audio is great, the graphics are good, the weapons handle really well and because it is a source game, you know the physics are great. Go buy this game right away."
76561197970103344,Recommended,222880,8942608,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,DAD HAMMER,"Such a refreshing change from the typical TDM FPS you see nowadays. Its hard to explain (so I wont..), but the way it handles, feels and controls is unmatched in any FPS I have ever played.Really can not express how much fun this game is.Give it a try, its worth every penny."
76561198061915018,Recommended,222880,8943846,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Niggledafiggle,"I've played games like Battlefield and Call of Duty. Both major franchises that lacked many things that I craved, realism and 24 hour enjoyment. Insurgency however does more than satisfy my cravings.Realistic guns with a realistic enviroment helps to immerse you, and the co-operation between players is so unlike games such as battlefield who try to stress teamwork but fail to do so... Insurgency doesn't tell you that you should be co-operative with your team, you have to be to win! Animations that look real and fluid combined with realistic gun damage and control makes for a fun and very tactical first person shooter.I like to think of this game as a  better looking Arma with more focus on ground combat and realism."
,Recommended,222880,8957359,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Bromo15,"Like a hardcore Battlefield game(- vehicles +more fun)This game isgoodAMAZING!I wasn't too sure the game looked good, the advert videos on the store page made it look boring to me however, i was wrong, the game has such a great feel (once you get over the ugly character models) which I actually like now I've played it for a whole 3 hours straight. Time flies when you're having fun and this game is like a time machine and I've skipped 3 hours of my life, never the less had fun doing so. The game sounds are absolutely briliant and it really puts you into the game, you fear for your life and feel great about taking others. I like to rate games on how rewarding getting points and/or kills feel and this is 10/10, each kill is like the ecstacy of getting a 1 shot headshot on CS:GO with a deagle.GL HF"
,Recommended,222880,8997615,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,ALmighty,"One of the best FPS games I've played in a long time! It's more realistic than most shooters you come across these days. No mini-map, 1-3 shots = a kill, and I don't feel like anyone has an unfair advantage. Worth more than the $15 asking price! Get it!"
,Recommended,222880,9086975,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Prophet,"Hands down, one of the most intense tactical squad-oriented games you will ever experience.This isn't Call Of Duty, Counter-Strike, nor Battlefield. This is Insurgency & you'll get one chance."
,Recommended,222880,9189142,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Nightmare Moon™,"This isn't your counter-strike or Call of Battle Duty Fields X, this is just you and your team in a high stakes game. Think before you act, even the simple things can get you killed. There is no progress or ranks so for you out there with such attatchments look elsewhere. I highly recommend this for anyone who wants a hardcore first persion shooter."
,Recommended,222880,9239699,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Ricardo,"Did you ever played America's Army? Well i would say the gameplay is almost the same but the graphics, maps and design are much better.Give it a try and buy it, if you like a good FPS this will take you some time for sure."
,Recommended,222880,9414974,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,GORMANGO,Absolutely awesome game. Kinda like the better detailed scaled down Arma. Not a fast paced first person shooter.
,Recommended,222880,11653685,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,BrickermanPalooza,Counter-Strike without the 12 year olds.
76561198032310210,Recommended,222880,11654798,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Mr. Spam,"Insurgency is a fun realistic FPS set in Iraq, circa ~2005. It could be easily described as ""The thinking man's arena shooter"". It has small map sizes from Call of Duty, realistic character movement and ballistics from red orchestra, and beautiful art. Any gun nut will find some top tier gun porn in this game. If you like modern military shooters but prefer realism as opposed to arcade, this is a great game to pick up."
76561198138616164,Recommended,222880,11954884,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,SICC,great game so realistic and intense if you love fps games you'l love this
,Recommended,222880,12019978,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Spicy Grandma,"As an avid fan of the original Insurgency mod, i can say without a doubt that not much has changed in terms of gameplay. Sure its more refined and comes with quite alot more options tactically and in terms of customization, aswell as a ton of new game-modes. But the game itself remains true to the mod. The maps are mainly recreations of the mod's maps, with the whole CS:GO treatment, meaning more appealing aesthetics and some minor changes. I would recommend this, its kind of hard to get into if you go in with the mentality of most other mainstream shooters, but not as hard as getting into ARMA. Now this is realism, but not to the ARMA degree, its fast-paced and most games do not last that long. The Co-Op is kinda meh, could be alot better."
,Recommended,222880,12323959,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,．ｒａｒ　♛,"Insurgency is a realistic first person shooter that features the realism of modern combat such as carry weight, no HUD (of course) and pretty much 2-5 shots and you're dead. It is a very difficult game to start off with but as you adjust to the multiple gamemodes and maps you will learn the ways of the modern soldier. It features many modern guns such as the M4A4 and the UMP. At times the combat is close quarters and at times long range, but no matter what the distance, the intensity never leaves the game. The in-game voice allows you to communicate and work together with your fellow teammates and lead them to victory.TL:DRYou can spray with a LMG and get 50 kills. 8.6/10."
,Recommended,222880,13128172,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,BadSniper,"Very realistic without being overly complicated. This is my favorite hardcore multiplayer FPS.This game is proof that you can get hundreds of hours worth of entertainment without grinding for better weapons. None of that ""level up to get attachments and weapon skins"" or ""DLC for all class unlocks"" bullcrap. Just pure skill and teamwork. And that's just the way it should be."
,Recommended,222880,14089078,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Bogs,"70% off right now. If you don't have it, get it."
76561198066745148,Recommended,222880,9180179,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,glorious inhuman machine,Really nice mp shooter. Hard but it is only a plus of this game
,Recommended,222880,9653165,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Findus,"This is a really good game. I would say that this is the perfect mix between arcade multiplayer FPS:s like Counter-Strike, and strategic FPS:s like Red Orchestra or Arma.It's not too realistic, and not too arcady.- It doesn't handle lag that well.- Could improve weapon customization and HUD.+ Big variety in game modes and matches.+ Cheap as hell.+ Looks good.+ Is not as clumsy as Arma, and not too simple as Counter-Strike."
,Recommended,222880,11633019,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,시스코,Best game ever
76561198047778351,Recommended,222880,11955601,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,alidoge,"Definitely worth your time and money if you enjoy realistic, tactical and fairly difficult gameplay, you are forced to juggle your squad's supplies to assist you in capturing objectives, and also different guns have different caliber bullets, providing different effects and damage on variable opponents. Developers are constantly paying attention to the game and adding new updates often and responding to the community. Overall, i can certainly recommend this."
,Recommended,222880,12843604,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,royaL,Excelente juego. La verdad que desde que era solamente un mod de HL2 ya era un muy buen mod y cuando finalemente lo hicieron un game aparte mejoró aún más!Totalmente recomendable!
,Recommended,222880,13005883,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Robert,I keep getting shot from snipers 10/10.
,Recommended,222880,8992109,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Surreal,Multiplayer-only FPS with heavy damage/realistic mechanics. There's a focus on competitive/hardcore/bare-bones gameplay and this game provides a decent experience in that area. Best played with a small group of friends.
,Recommended,222880,9178094,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Resurrect,"The old mod has been remade into a pay for game in the latest version of the Source engine. It's still quite buggy, but for $15 it's probably worth it if you're a fan of tactical shooters. Kind of like a cross between, Counter-Strike: Source and America's Army."
76561198050041308,Recommended,222880,9510334,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Rajso,Best game
,Recommended,222880,9632005,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Quiet,Great Teambased and Tatical Shooter. Great Game!
,Recommended,222880,9648426,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Insomniac,"Insurgency this is a fun shooter also very frustrating at times. The game has definentally improved since its alpha version. There are still quite a couple of annoying bugs here and there but its still in development even when released. What I really love is the fact some devs actually get in games with other players(Sadly I didn't get to meet one yet). Seems like this dev team seems very cooperative with the community and I hope this leads to more awesome additions in the future. If your looking for something fast paced this game is not a good choice since running and gunning can lead to you not lasting long but, this is great for people looking for a slow-paced, team-oriented experience. I give this a 9/10 because the gameplay is really enjoyable but it doesn't get a 10 because there are still some bugs and lagg problems that need to be fixed."
76561198036279580,Recommended,222880,9650799,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,DUCK lol,"Great game, fast paced and really fun."
76561198119567299,Recommended,222880,9710893,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,^6NIKKLIKESDICKUPHISASS,get this game it gave me a hard on
,Recommended,222880,10366907,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Cabbe,"Have you ever wanted a game where the gun control is really close to real life ? Have you always been mad on other games like BF4, COD Ect for not delivering a nice game with nice gun control? Why do I ask questions.... Just buy the bloody game"
,Recommended,222880,10367534,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,pandabeers,Counter-Strike for adults.
76561198083629584,Recommended,222880,10454217,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Jetigig,"This is a fantastic game and I highly recommend picking it up.  The weapons perform well. The AI puts up a good fight. The game is fun and with many different gamemodes and maps, it offers many hours of gameplay.  If you like realistic first person shooters, then you should definitely pick up this game."
76561198093267930,Recommended,222880,10466300,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Dirty old mann,"(9/10) Excellent game with modern weapons, challenging AI and different landscapes. The only bad thing about this game is the incompetent players who dash in front of you when you are trying to cover fire or do not support you. If you can find a good friend/friends to play with this game is excellent. Other than the bad players this game is good 9/10. Love the AI, especially on hardcore. If Red Orchestra 2 was like this i would have given it a better review."
,Recommended,222880,10625328,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,JuanManArmy,"Definitely one of the best games I own. All matches are intense and strategical, dying in-game is more consequential than in most other shooters and team work is crucial. Also, there are no 'unlockables' so you do not need to invest hours to get the best weapon or the best mod.A very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,222880,10655783,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,GeT_JaCkEd_MaN,"This game is a quasi-realistic, tactical shooter.No vehicles.  Just pure close-quarter infantry combat with that perfect amount of realism and fun.For $15 it's a no brainer.  If it's on sale you should have bought it by now.If you want a refreshing and small scale shooter, I definitely recommend this jewel."
,Recommended,222880,10717114,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,WrennyS,"I 100% recommend this game for people who like Counter Strike and for people who like relistic shooters!I have a very bad GPU (Upgrading to the gtx 770 today) and this game on 720p, high settings gives you 40Fps but 15Fps in very very large firefights!"
,Recommended,222880,10727757,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Corpsegrinder,best realistic fps ever!!!!!!!!! hands down.
,Recommended,222880,10728631,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,kilo,"exact FOV, ads sensitivity and scope sensitivity options."
76561198081772512,Recommended,222880,10768834,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mister Bones,"If you like tactical and realistic shooters you need to buy this game. It's better than CS:GO in my opinion. I will make a list showing you the pros and cons. Pros: Realistic, you can go prone, you can aim down sights, rpgs, IEDs (c4), cool kit system.Cons: Really Easy to Die, Crashes Rarely, Two shots to kill someone without armor. I hope you found this helpful."
76561198056570775,Recommended,222880,10769437,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,OmegaWolf144,One of the most fun and intense FPSs I have played in a long time.  Devs did a great job at paying attention to detail.  10/10
76561197962391457,Recommended,222880,10812252,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sgt. Nick Fury,"Quite possibly the best FPS for tactical play since original COD. Has a very realistic feel, no power ups or unlocking this or that, just pure tactics FPS. For the price it's hard to beat, and while it has a bit of a learning curve I immediately liked it better then BF4 and newer COD's....lethal game play that  requires you hug cover, and work with those around you. Love it.......hoping we see more maps......that's only thing I would change. Proof that good game mechanics can still trump fancy eye candy...."
,Recommended,222880,10823722,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Acid Flashback,"For a fun first-person shooter that rewards teamwork, rewards accuracy, and punishes Hollywood heroes you can not beat Insurgency."
,Recommended,222880,10891366,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,EatThatPussy445,"This is an absolute beast of a game. The realism, the sounds, the overwhelming feeling of dread when you're pinned down in a firefight with some insurgents - it all contributes to an unreal game experience that reminds me of the real deal. Lovely ♥♥♥♥ing game at an unbelievable price."
,Recommended,222880,10934702,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TNP,"Before I start this review I have to say that this is an extremely hardcore game so if you are a Call Of Duty fanboy, leave right now.First let's start with the pros:Awesome shooting mechanic, even though there is no hit marker you can still tell that you have shot somebody, because they either scream like a maniac or leave a massive blood puddle behind them.The scopes and sights feel amazing. Unlike most other FPS games, when you zoom with a scope, the scope zooms in but the area around you does not, and it feels really nice, a couple of games have done this like Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm and the absolute travesty Call Of Duty Ghosts.In Insurgency you cannot run and gun, instead you have to communicate with your teammates and use cover to your advanntage.Conclusion:It feels like a modern Red Orchestra mixed with Counter Strike, I'll let you make your mind on if you want to get Insurgency or not.And now a few of the cons:Sometimes you will feel cheated when you die either because someone is camping a choke point or you got one shotted by an MP5k.For a source game it is quite resource intensive so if you have a slow computer expect to run this on lower settings"
,Recommended,222880,10956026,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Soliver,awesomely realistic and a good challenge
,Recommended,222880,10986232,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dicentric [Top Kek],"Great game, very realistic and promotes team work greatly. personaly like the LMGs and snipers"
,Recommended,222880,11002635,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Chuck Duck Goose,"I ran into the bomb site, there was an enemy inside who hadn't saw me yet. So as quickly as I could i threw down the C4 charge and blew both of us up. We won the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,11049385,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,[COG] TheActualPotato,Need to play a game with your friends tactically? this is the game i recommend
,Recommended,222880,11248286,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Odin,"I never liked Counterstrike, but I instantly loved this game. Controls and gun handling are just perfect."
,Recommended,222880,11631087,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Cleanestnaenaeof2004,the kit slection makes it fair when it comes to guns  skill is what you need so if you get this game start with some AI matches.  its also scary as F#^$% when you get shot at.
76561198070286322,Recommended,222880,11632247,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TwoTonTitties69,I haven't played a game quite like it the realism and the overall sound while playing is amazing. This game Slam Dunks.
76561198119599469,Recommended,222880,11649731,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,McColwell,really good game had lots of fun on it
76561197965960474,Recommended,222880,11650279,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Guitarface,"9.5/10Intense and terrifying when under fire, a (noob-)friendly community that is used to getting killed for the slightest mistake, which is essentially part of the experience.Is it the most realistic shooter out there? Definitely not. There is no wound system like in some other games, usually you get shot and you die. In all honesty, many of the characteristics that would make it more realism-oriented (a complete lack of respawns, wound system, no HUD, ...) would in no doubt hurt the gameplay, which is now excellent. It certainly feels like a real firefight and the coop is as unforgiving as the player-v-player. The gameplay is tweaked in such a way that teamwork is not just key, but also a necessity to survival. This makes it important to communicate with other players, which obviously makes it a lot of fun.If youre sick of bunnyhopping-shooters where you can go full Rambo without repercussions or if you have grown insensitive about being under fire (it's not easy shooting back in this game if you're being shot at) then this is the game for you.This is not a sell-out big company game. They do a lot of effort to keep the price low, reward it!"
,Recommended,222880,11652851,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Legios Nomen Mechanica,"For new players who haven't played shooters in a while, or at all, This game is a (fun) never-ending panic attack until you figure out what you're meant to be doing. For those coming here from Counter Strike, you'll be frustrated to realise yolu won't be able to survive 12 hits. 2, at most. Don't even expect to be extremely useful with a bolt-action rifle (like the AWP), as Insurgency is based more towards fast paced close quarters combat. You often find yourself right up in your enemy's face, shooting from point blank and hoping he doesn't fire first. Just remember that YOU HAVE TO CAP POINTS TO RESPAWN YOUR TEAM unless it's a game mode with ""Waves"" of reinforcements. But even then, once you run out of ""Waves"" you WILL HAVE TO CAPTURE A POINT OR OBJECTIVE TO RESPAWN YOUR TEAM.Pros:-Fun-Fast paced-Realistic damage. 1-2 hits usualy does the job.-Proper accuracy. None of this ******** expanding reticule stuff. Firing from the hip will screw your acuracy. Aiming does make it easier.-Gun/kit modification. As long as you have supply points, you can change your loadout and primary mods.Cons:-WHAT AM I DOING?! Little bit panicky at the start. Though I like that, others may not.-No railguns. Railguns make everything better. <3"
76561198067564489,Recommended,222880,11666600,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,General Maximus,This is one really great game. All recommendations. If you dont have it buy it. :)
76561197963986635,Recommended,222880,11703106,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Penquin,"Insurgency is a breath of fresh air, with real gun behaivor and where it don´t take 7-10 shots to die,u get hit, u dead bro!Forget about fast-paced shooters and jumping dudes just spraying some dual welded weapons. This one relies on a team-based mechanic and tactics, where every move should be planned.Basicly this is a FPS without all the Bull♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,222880,11742267,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,DEUS VULT,"If you like FPS, stragety, and realistic gameplay this is the game for you. The Coop is fun and the pvp is okay but this is a really great game and a must buy."
,Recommended,222880,11764087,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,RS-Dolph,Worth every penny.
76561198071818248,Recommended,222880,11771309,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,CupcakeQtπ,Very good game RECOMENDED
76561198073681136,Recommended,222880,11912250,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Gonteix,"This is perhaps the greatest FPS I have ever played. It is not the best graphically, but it is the one that pays the most attention to detail. Little things, like not having a crosshair, only knowing how many mags, rather than bullets, you have, really make this game an unforgettable realistic experience. This may be the closest you'll ever want to get to real combat through a screen. The atmosphere is palpable, and at times you will even fear for your life.The maps offer sufficient variety and the updates are near-constant, with new maps being added all the time and old ones refined for better, more intense play. And the setups of each game will force you to cooperate with your teammates to achieve victory.If you like shooters, get this one. I cannot stress that enough."
76561198040704464,Recommended,222880,11956429,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Ansastu,"If you like realism shooters, this game gives you that struggle to survive on the field. 9/10"
,Recommended,222880,12088742,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Uberkraft,"Best fps I have played in a while. 10/10, A la snackbar."
,Recommended,222880,12262972,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,☆Caboose☆,"game is very realistic and has medium small and large maps, not a wide selection of weapons as for there are only 2 pistols around 10-15 primaries (counting both teams) game has a great damage model one or two shots killgame requires teamwork to win.classes are also limited to how many items you can carryall in all game is great for all fps players (as in BF, CoD, Arma, and CS)"
76561198066919062,Recommended,222880,12415940,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,The Man with No Name,"Insurgency is a team shooter with elements of both milsim and arcade shooters. Its weapons are powerful and its HUD is limited, but moving around is still smooth.9/10"
,Recommended,222880,12577982,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Artyomka,"10/10. This is an awesome game. I'll be honest it looked a little cheesy at first, but once you play it, gosh man this game is harsh.  You really have to play it safe, or you’ll get your head shot off. Even the AI is great, always trying to outflank you, and I’ll tell you, for a bunch of untrained rebels they can really shoot.Story time: So we're all in this objective and the enemy is counter-attacking us. Bullets are flying through the windows, so we all hit the deck. They’re downstairs too, so we’re stuck upstairs in our little room. Someone gets smart and sticks his head in the window, only to get it shot off. At this point an RPG comes in right where he just stood, explodes inside, and kills our entire team. Also the game has sound delay, the explosions sound a couple seconds off depending on distance, very pleasing.You’ll learn very quickly not to go near windows, or stay in a group of 2 or more, or get cornered in a room, those RPGs are murderous, however realistic. The game is well balanced, always interesting. At time is feels like the guns are a little unbalanced, the RPG for example is just so powerful, but the more I think about it, the more it seems to add to the game, it makes it interesting. Another think you’ll learn quickly is teamwork. You won’t accomplish♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game if you don’t work together, it just won’t happen. Always have a backup plan too.This game is awesome on many levels and I strongly recommend it to those who like the tactical games. Just keep in mind it’s only tactical if you make that way."
,Recommended,222880,12689721,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,City is my England,good game and lots of fun
,Recommended,222880,12694959,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,DEVASTATE,"This is the best realistic close quarter combat game ever played! you gotta really think whats your next move. Negative side is that it needs a own ranking system and achievement. Overall its a really amazing game, i highly recommend this!"
76561198059925699,Recommended,222880,12795906,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Schneider,Yelled Allah Ackbar and blew up a bunch of people with a IED.Then I went home and played this game its pretty fun.
76561198072597654,Recommended,222880,12809930,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Zonkosticator,"Someone screams ""ARR PEEE GEE...."" whole team is instantly killed except me thats when another rpg came flying at me and then black.10/10 would get killed by rpg again"
76561197987500323,Recommended,222880,8781062,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Remofire,"A worthy successor to the mod, this game is intense."
76561198028525161,Recommended,222880,8983013,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,talon_karrde25,"Hello everyone,i just wanted to make a short review about INSURGENCY.So what is it about?First-Person-Tactical-Realistic(!)-Shooter.Is it any good?Yes! :-)So lets look into some more detail:It`s  using the basic concept of good guys vs. bad guys, quite like Counterstrike. But that concept always works and is fun to play, so here we have Insurgents fighting Security Forces (Military). Both factions have a good arsenal of different weapons, allthough we dont get a vast variety like Battlefield or Call of Duty. To be honest at first i was kind of disappointed by the lack of weapons, because nowadays everyone is used to choose from tons of weapons in every FPS, but the more time i played the more i realised that they chose the right weapons and they are balanced just right.So this really adds to the realism and i actually really like it.So what more?Realism! I think it is always hard to put a good balance between realism and fun into games. I think they got it just right in Insurgency. There are no Hud- Elements that tell you how much ammunition or health you have left. No minimap and all the fancy stuff that is so common in most FPS- Games today. In Insurgency you will have to focus on what is important: your enemies and your teammates!Furthermore you cant take much bullets, so basically when you getting shot at, hide or die. This adds a alot of tension in the game, because you have to move carefully and dont respawn instantly, so you must wait for a new wave of reinforcement.One more point i really think the developers did a great job on is the suppressive fire. This is the first game, where you really feel the bullets flying in the air around you, leaving you looking for cover and just fire back at the general direction of the enemy to get away from their bullets. Sparks are flying, you vision blurrs (not to much) and you see impacts everywhere - really great intense atmosphere of a firefight!What more?Intersting maps. At first i had to get used to the layout of the maps, but they are well balanced and fun to play.Sound. Well it sounds awesome. :-)Reasonable Price!So what is not to like?Well the graphics are not state of the art, but to be really honest, they are functional and deliver the atomsphere quiet good. Just some maps, such as Heights and Peak, are  a bit weak looking, but all the other maps look very nice.Conclussion:For all the fans of intense, realistic FPS-Games i say go ahead and have a lot of fun with Insurgency. You wont get disappointed!"
76561198053119904,Recommended,222880,9176167,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Necrmyx,"Ambush, attack, capture and defend in this Great FPS challenge."
,Recommended,222880,13245315,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Nexus Cakes,"Played when it was free for the weekend, very cool game. Sort of feels like you are actually in the military. I would highly recommend getting this game. When I get the money, I will buy it too!"
,Recommended,222880,13291850,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,DreadPirate,"No crosshair. No ammo counter. No hit-markers. No kill-feed. Supression that works. Punishing damage model.It all adds up to tense gameplay.As a more casual gamer, I prefer co-op, but PvP has good game modes if you get more serious....."
,Recommended,222880,13493125,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Shaedanna,"This game pretty much blew me away. A tactical, real-feel team-based shooter with a decent scope of missions, maps, specs and weapons. It's really addictive. I was lucky enough to get it at 70% off (which it still is at time of posting), but it's well worth its full price."
76561198072928292,Recommended,222880,13502501,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Chrome AK,I recommend this game to anyone who likes FPS games
76561198102312559,Recommended,222880,13510838,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Twarrior913,"A very fun, realistic, and challenging game. It is as good as most AAA first person shooters in my opinion,"
76561198006834386,Recommended,222880,13516181,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,XxTurkxX,"Take the mechanics of Call Of Duty with all the tacticalness and scope of the battlefeild series, throw in the charm of the CS-GO source engine and up the realism to 1000. One of my favorite shooters to grave any platform 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,13632330,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Aloha Snackbar☭,"Threw an IED in a room and killed 5 guys and won the round, entire team was screaming Allah Akbar for 5 minutes10/10 Would bomb again"
,Recommended,222880,13670501,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,♡J_AcKeT♡,"Wanna write war poetry,but don't actually want to get into war?Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game."
,Recommended,222880,13700420,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Model of a Modern Major General,Most realistic shooter I've played! Nice job guys!
76561197981905601,Recommended,222880,13755868,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,~[F.A.R.T.]~ MrHatts,"Insurgency is a limited UI multiplayer only first person shooter that pits insurgents and security forces against each other in armed combat.I am a casual gamer. I am, however, a very passionate casual gamer. Some would say that is an oxymoron, but I disagree. You see, as a casual gamer I value my personal time greatly. When I play a game I don't want to feel restricted or held back by the game. As a consumer of a product I also do not want to feel alienated or swindled by pomp and circumstance of flashy and obnoxious things such as character customization and  inventory micromanagement everytime I get a new item. I also don't want to have to play 40 hours a week to level up and get the items I need to compete with the other ""top"" players. I want to be able to sit down, log in and shoot people in the face with the same gun, same equipement that everyone else has, and log off with a grin on my face when I'm done. I want my personal experiance and skills to be my only limitations.Insurgency is the game that if counter strike took that next big step it would be. Character graphics are not highly detailed and beautiful as the ""AAA"" shooters, but as cliche as it sounds, that doesn't matter. The environment that you have to actually look at for more than 2.5 second before you blow it's balls off is gorgeous. I don't like using the term ""realism"" when refering to military first person shooters, but as such it feels realistic and sounds realistic, it feels gritty and raw. You scream for mercy when you've been hit, you breathe heavy when you run, you can only sprint for a distance that matches the weight you carry. Bullets are precious and even though it's not always one shot one kill, you are likely to die in one to three shots. Hip fire to taunt and make noise, aim to kill - retical and iron sites are  your only real options for a good clean shot. Virutally no UI, no hit markers (just look for the pink mist), no on screen crosshairs, hold your breath on exhale for accuracy - not some weapon addons that turns even the ♥♥♥♥♥iest firearm into a fully automatic sniper rifle.  There isn't healing, there isn't resupplies; BF and COD fanboys need not apply for this game. You will not get the action packed shooter hero feeling with this, there is no ""leveling up"", there are no ""character customization"", there are not achivements. You live and you die by the limited lead that is carried into each battle.I'd like to think the most important thing about insurgency is that team work and the strategies within wins (at least in most game modes). The game is not perfect, devs are constantly tweaking things, so something that worked great for you last month may not work all that well for you now. It can be frustrating, but you make it work. There were severe balance issues with certain maps (S(w)injar), but that has been revamped and is much more balanced now. The second most imporant thing is the community. Dedicated community servers made by people for people to play an awesome game.I have personally purchased and gifted this game to 7 different friends in hopes that they not only would find it as enjoyable as I do, but also to show them what a truly good FPS experiance should be like."
76561198050708142,Recommended,222880,20258150,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Mr Rosenberg #yeeet,"probably the most underatted game ever , its extremely good in terms of like tactical gameplay and shooting mechanics , it also doesnt  feel super slow in terms of weapon handling and not tooo fast like a COD or bf4.  It also has an infinite amount of skins/custom weapon models etc due to the workshop support. the mods change alot of things yet dont break the game ,just cosmetics and funny sound packs or like end of round music, the game also has a range of modes which i mostly like theres maybe like 1 or two i dont really like. HOWEVER theres one problem , the South African community is not so big and servers arent booming 24 7. theres usually always a co op game that you can join cause people really love shooting AI. otherwise 9/10 . not 10 out of 10 due to the lack of players in my country. however in EUROPE and MERICA  theres a good population ! :)"
,Recommended,222880,10357058,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,jamacin,"Its a realistic sim for all-out combat. You really should only play this if you can really get into this type of game. It isn't a run and gun, and you must stick with team mates. You can't see a HUD, and the AI is extremely OP. I would definately play this and buy it if I were you, because it is totally worth the $10 right now."
76561197969697316,Recommended,222880,10400017,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,CDR.Budhawks,A LAN party dream.
76561198101885980,Recommended,222880,11412527,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Skev,"What a game. I grew up on CoD (3 and the first modern warfare) and this is the first shooter to astound me like the shooters I'd play until 3 in the morning. The game begins with a standard tutorial that is optional and then it throws you out to the wolves. Some wolves help the new guy, they provide you with tips and pointers so that one death a round rule doesn't feel as harsh. Some take advantage of that small target peeking out behind that concrete barrier. You learn though, one way or another you find yourself getting a kill or two before you get killed yourself. This is the way shooters are supposed to be. You should feel your heart race as you find your way behind where that machine gunner set up and pull your holographic sighht up and pull the trigger twice. Eliminating the threat and saving some suppressed squad mates. No time for reward, however, only time to move and make sure you don't end up like that gunner. Checking hallways, peeking around corners, deciding wether or not to use that flashlight as it will give you precious light in a dark hallway and it wil give the enemy your exact location. This is a tactical shooter at its heart. Only problem is its hard to find matches. I give it 9/10."
76561198032191645,Recommended,222880,11414427,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,AGreenObject,It's like a scaled down Arma III without the bugs. ♥♥♥♥ yes.
76561198138274269,Recommended,222880,11630742,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,tL =Mean machine,"i got the free weekend test and a day after bought the game, this game is awesome, very intense, very real....this game will have you nervous due to the high intensity of the game. am addicted to this game already"
,Recommended,222880,11645068,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,rustynuckles,at first i didnt like it cuz i sucked... but after a bit of practice i really enjoy this kinda game play better the cod or battlefield.. just for the realist aspect of the game its great
,Recommended,222880,11678679,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Din Viesel,"INSURGENCYDeveloperNew World Interactive[/tr]Release DateJanuary 22nd, 2014GenreTactical, First Person ShooterMode(s)Online MultiplayerInsurgency is the sequel to the 2007 Source Engine mod, Insurgency: Modern Infantry Combat. This review is NOT for the mod.TLDR VersionInsurgency is an adreneline fueled tactical multiplayer shooter that will have you making tactical decisions, matches escalate from organised pushes into objective territory to organised chaos of fast paced close quarters engagments. Game gets frequent free add-on content so it's a pretty good deal. Also you can die really fast but so do bad guys so it feels like you really are accomplishing somehing, in other words you get better the more you play. 11/10_Bretty Gud.Insurgency is a multiplayer team-based game in which players take the role of Security Forces or Insurgent Forces, the game includes several objective oriented rule sets which each team attempts to complete. Most PvP modes consist of variations on capture and hold objectives where the teams attempt to move into the objective area and hold position in the area until it is captured; the ultimate goal is to hold all of the areas.Carrying over from the mod is the 'Push' game mode, an attack and defense game mode were one team must move in and capture a number of areas in a set order while the other team defends the position attempting to drain the attackers of their reinforcement waves.On the less competitive side is an adictive Co-Operative mode in which a small group of players work together to battle AI insurgents and capture areas as well as hunt and destroy their weapons caches.Infantry combat is the core focus of the game, but make no mistake this isn't your standard shooter affair. Bullets pack a real punch and the damage system is universal, you can almost always takeout a player with one or two well placed shots and that applies to you as well.The matches in this game often work from careful advances towards objectives before erupting into deadly firefights with gun fire and explosions,the excellent map designreally gets shown off here, in general there is always more than one way to reach a position and there is nothing quite like working your way around the flank of a position carefully scanning for targets while another group of players are in a heated battle; you go from that subtle approach and then burst into a fast paced assault on the capture point.There is a good selection of weapons and equipment which can be fitted to your liking as long as you have enough supply points, during a match you will earn supply points by helping complete objectives and helping your team. You also have two types of armor (effective against a few more shots from certain weapon calibres) but your choice ultimately effects your movement speed in some way.Maps are mainly focused around urban areas with some exceptions being a snowy mountain top village, the approach across a large bridge into a dense patch of buildings and an assault along a highway as you narrowly escape death by using abbandoned vehicles as cover. Don't get the wrong idea, although many of the maps are in urban cities they are all unique, each with defining characteristics.Revolt is a seaside city with dense building interiors and streets littered with debris from explosions while District has you in twitchy firefights through the alleyways on two sides of an open boulevard prime for marksmen to take shots at unlucky players. The map design is really some of the greatest I've personally seen and since the game supports Workshop mods some servers run custom ones.Since the release of this game three major updates have been released (there have been other patches of course) and with each came new weapons, equipment and official maps & game modes, most recently was the implementation of stats tracking system along with the main menu UI displaying the insurgency news feed so that players can stay connected.Finally what makes this game so great is the communication between developers and players, the beta client is also availble with the purchase of Insurgency where the devs have open beta tests of new maps, modes and weapons and listen to the player feedback and also play the game with you.To wrap this up I would highly reccomend Insurgency to anyone who is looking for a satisfying tactical online shooter experience that is both very accessible and challenging with a pay off for success that is undeniably one you earned"
,Recommended,222880,12218108,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Darjeeling,I feel like in 1944 with my MP40
76561198086162454,Recommended,222880,12835304,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Mr. Mosquito,i love game. i love steam.
,Recommended,222880,11775856,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,NΩMAD,"I only played 4 games during the free period and absolutely loved it. Infinitely better than Counter Strike: Global Offencive ever was and ever will be. I didn't run into any negative things during my games, so I can't say anything bad about it to be honest.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,12154369,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,jack off,This game needs optimization. But thats the only bad thing about this game. Other than that this is one of the best strategy FPS games i've ever played. Almost near CS:GO close but optimization is something I would recommend. Overall I give this game a 8/10
76561198037085196,Recommended,222880,12283004,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Burgerman,A cool interesting game that reminds me of counter srike but better with better game mechanics.Has very cool maps with some very interesting gamemodes and is probably the most realistic multiplayershooter out there. With some issues I found but no horrible gam changers that would change my interest with the game.I would give the game a verdict of 8/10 for a amazing and experience.
,Recommended,222880,12755529,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Corruptmagician,One of the Best FPS I have ever played.
,Recommended,222880,12758150,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,killerwin,"This game is perfect for hardcore tactical shooter fans who don't want to or can't spend hours on ARMA. The sound design is superb and the feel of the weapons is fantastic. The overall atmosphere feels awesome and the one- or two-shot kills make the gameplay very tactical and methodical.I just wish there were more mechanics in place to encourage teamwork. While a lot of players in Insurgency are very cooperative, I feel this is only because they are the kind of players to be naturally attracted to that play style and not because the game directly encourages them to do so.I'd definitely recommend picking this game up if you enjoy any of the ARMA or Battlefield games, as this fits very well in the middle."
76561198077699615,Recommended,222880,12768150,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Greensiili,"well I just bought that game and Yes I finaly found it... It's easy to play, You don't need to be good at COD or CS to play that game, simply use your brain and think that when you die you can't play anymore. It's so realistic... I just have so much fun firing at a window, hiding myself getting shot and when the other stop I shoot back... like in the real footage in Irak Or Afganistan.. Anyway, that game is very cheap, compare to the new COD 60€ no way. That game is cheap and not that populated yet by Kevin and other kids screaming... :) Camping does not help that much, because one bullet and you are out.!  Just buy it."
,Recommended,222880,12870921,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Spagoot,"Similar to Battlefield with less bugs, better community, realism, guns...Like Battlefield 4 but with better everything. 9.5/10."
76561198110061060,Recommended,222880,12885055,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,UnFaZeN™,"Although Insurgency isn't the most realistic shooter as of yet, it certainly shines by combining elements of realistic, unforgiving, and hardcore gameplay. Zero health regeneration, quick deaths, and the fact that your opponent could be just around the corner make for very exciting gameplay that keeps players on edge, fingers ready on their left mouse button. Matches are usually fast and furious, adding to the tension and excitement. In addition, an assortment of gamemodes and maps exist for those players who like variety. Players can take on other players head-on in a Firefight match or attempt to survive against AI-controlled enemies in nighttime environments while playing Survival. Also, the community is rather friendly and they churn out marvelous stuff that is available in the Steam Workshop. Yes, I forgot to mention that Insurgency does possess Workshop support. These workshop items offer numerous customizations and could make playing Insurgency even more fun. The developers, New World Interactive, are also very active, often looking for opinions from the community on how to improve the game and releasing frequent patches and updates.However, as is the case with every game, Insurgency does have its weak points. It can be quite buggy at certain times and the community is rather small at the moment. Nevertheless, these are not major flaws and are vastly overshadowed by the pros of playing this game.For a relatively low price, Insurgency offers a very in-depth experience comparable to that of bigger and more showy titles like Battlefield or Call of Duty. This game is a must-buy for all FPS fans.Rating: 5 stars. Not just any kind of stars. GOLDEN STARS."
,Recommended,222880,12915528,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Hudballz HD,This is the best tactical shooter i have ever played by a long shot!.It's like ARMA/Battlefield/Counter-Strike: GO all rolled into one EPIC game yet it still has it's own unique feel.
76561198057389499,Recommended,222880,12943995,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,.brap,"Let's start off with something, this game is amazing.When you first start off in the game your going to be put in a Battlefeild/Counter strike enviroment, choosing between two teams (Insurgency or Security), you will be faced with a detailed loadout selection and class selection. Each class on each team has access to different guns, attachments etc. And you have a set amount of equipment tokens/points to spend on your loadout. You also have a weight meter which can determine whether your loadout will make you run fast or slow, and how fast your stamina will run out.Now lets get into the combat:The combat is fast paced at times and slow paced at others, you will constantly find yourself having to visually inspect whether you have killed a person and wondering ""should i check or should i run past and hope the enemy is dead"". From the last sentence you probably can tell the game is going to be realistic. It is. If you move up on your own your playing a wild card, instead you might want to call out a couple of your teammates to help you complete/capture an objective (Yes, there are a lot of different gamemodes to choose from, most of which include control areas). There is virtually no HUD (Heads Up Display), the only things that do show up on the hud is how many magazines you have, and info about the objective(s). The gunplay is realistic, recoil is a thing and attachments can supress that recoil but also you can by swithing modes on your gun or burst firing. 1-2 bullets from most guns can take down an enemy.Lets talk graphics:The graphics in the game are not spectactular, but still enough to immerse you in the gameplay, though the design and textures on the weapons look great. You can't really expect a game run and made on the source engine  and is only slightly modified is going to get you amazing Battlefield graphics.Overall Gameplay:The gameplay is realistic, tense and rewarding if you play the game right, what a mordern military shooter should be, it offers great and realistic gunplay, a variety of gamemodes and maps. Insurgency will keep you coming back to play some more (also teamwork is a thing in this game)."
,Recommended,222880,12959782,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,♛Nikassasin♛,Pretty nice FPS i Give Insurgency 8/10 because.-The Match making is Horrible-There are still some bugs-There are no exclusive weapons (when u rank up)Insurgency is somekind of Hybrid between Cod and ARMA.Still fun to play
76561198001177686,Recommended,222880,12965630,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Devious Spud,"This is the real deal, one shot kills and very tough. I enjoy this more than Counter Strike with bigger maps, seems more tense and addictive. Would definitely recommend. 8/10"
76561198123866699,Recommended,222880,12975681,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,im blonde now,Better than cs in so many ways10000000/10
76561198036341056,Recommended,222880,12978896,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Mr. Mouth & the Taste Buds,"It's another standard operation, destroy enemy caches, take back territory, and eliminate all hostile forces. We made it all the way through with minimal casualties. Location Hotel was the last point we had to capture, it was simple, until mass waves of insurgents swarm us. We have to hold off for 2 minutes, yet within seconds, almost everyone is killed. Even the best sqaud members lay on the ground lifeless. It's just down to me and a freindly sniper. We hear footsteps, many of them approach Hotel. Suddenly the sniper is blasted in the head with blood spweing from the back of his head. Only one minute left to go. The pressure intensifies. I kill most of the hostiles who break in, until 2 insurgents start capping, one blindly stands still, I shoot him in the chest and his body slams to the ground twitching. However, there is still 1 more left, 30 seconds to go... I hear him approach me. It's either me, or him, I turn the corner, and I don't see him, so I hide back behind a wall. With shortness of breath, I turn the corner once again, with him 3 feet in front of me, and we both fire like hell at eachother. Bullets bounce and race across the room. After the dust from the bullets disapear, I see him on the floor bleeding out, and me left unharmed. Down to the last 3 seconds, I win it for the team, and I walk away from the computer. Oh, and I got an achievement. Best way to end a game, period.This game is absolutely amazing, being very realistic, insanely challenging, with the most intense moments you`ll ever experience in a video game. Many of the players are dedicated to winning, and are quite nice who accept losses. Instead of screaming at thier teammates they usually laugh or go ""gg"". This has easily beome a favorite, I reccomend this to anyone wanting to feel what an actual tactical shooter is like."
76561198087442644,Recommended,222880,13004258,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Sandstorm_BahZhang~,"For a FPS player to me, this game is awesome and totally worth my money 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,13005816,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,PoxiPox,nice game... so so graphic...Insurgency's cool squad system is well designed to nudge you toward team cohesion without making it mandatory..
76561198143136431,Recommended,222880,13024306,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Kareem,"Awesome game, just wish that we needed 2GB RAM not 4 but all in all best FPS shooter ever!"
,Recommended,222880,13040021,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,MajoR,Amazing !!!!
,Recommended,222880,13046875,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Phantom Six,"Great game. A cross between Red Orchestra and Counter strike. I only played coop so far but I'm having a blast with it. For HUNT you would need to be slower and have some guy watch your corner so the AI won't flank you. PvP should be nice too but I can't advocate for it since I generally don't play PvP.I recommend it to those who love Ghost Recon or Rainbow Six games. It's tactical, but its not on the levels of Arma but its a great game"
,Recommended,222880,13075017,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,newtee2,A breath of fresh air for a genre that has gotten stale. Worth every cent.
,Recommended,222880,13123495,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,✯Hunt✯,Better than Call of Duty and Battlefield combined.Tactical FPS made by small dev team.Updates every month.Get this...Now.
,Recommended,222880,13397817,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,KHAneekh v0.2,"I realy like this game,this game is all about tactics and strategy.Love the graphics and weapons,with all that there's low system requirements."
,Recommended,222880,13703505,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Wraith420,"Excellent Tactical FPS. The handling of firearms in this game feels very authentic, noise, recoil and movement is very believeable, its extremly satisfying getting kills when rounds penetrate peoples ""cover"", the game even recognizes a round in the chamber to your round count, I dont know of any other modern shooter that does that.I only wish they changed up the way damage works, foot shots should not be instantly fatal like they are."
,Recommended,222880,16822564,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,JC Denton,"Though I've never been one for PvP FPS, especially of the modern military shooter variety, playingInsurgencyis quite a satisfying experiences due to its tactical realism. It should satisfy players frustrated by the fantasy/arcade feel synonomous with titles likeCall of DutyorTitanfall.Insurgencyrewards players that are slow and deliberate: patience can be a more valuable advantage than accuracy and twitch reflexses. For example, identifying an enemy position will often gift you a kill due to how many materials bullets will penetrate in this game. Even though I'm a terrible shot, paying attention and using an LMG can often level the playing field. Though the realism slows down the pace from what most FPS players will be used to, good balance and a unique identity make for a stong experience: it is not simply the mandated ""hardcore mode"" of some other shooter.All this being said, the game does have its drawbacks. I rarely experience frustration to the degree that a bad round of Insurgency can bestow. This is an expected result from the realistic nature of the game: quite often your death will simply feel unfair, especially if you have no idea where your enemies are how you could have played better. In addition, the community naturally gravitates towards the better designed maps and game modes, which leads to a lot of repetition.I giveInsurgencya solid recommendation, qualified with a message of caution for those like me who are less than stellar FPSers. This game can and will frustrate you, but it also has the potential to provide more special experiences than a typical multiplayer shooter."
76561198042750884,Recommended,222880,9042161,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,michelangelo,"fun alternative to cs:go, games are much shorter than a competitive match.  you will spray for your life"
,Recommended,222880,9048678,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,furtivE,Only get if you are experianced with First Person Shooters. Its really hardcore and realistic and working together as a team is almost crucial. I would rate it a 8 out of 10. If you like CSGO or CSS you will most likely like it.
,Recommended,222880,9702278,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Anschrslntxtr,"Insurgency is an extremly realistic game, even on good graphics cards. This game has the Source engine, so it is compatible with almost all graphics cards with medium settings. It's a joy to play Insurgency, and it's much better than CoD or Battlefield (it costs 4 times less, just saying). If you love FPS, you MUST play this game.9/10"
,Recommended,222880,9933451,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Kodak Black,Great FPS shooter!
,Recommended,222880,10346454,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Django,"As a long time fan of tactical shooters, this one has easily taken the spot as my Favorite. If you have been a long time fan of the America's Army franchise and are dissapointed at the new itteration (AA:PG) Insurgency is the game for you."
76561198079465166,Recommended,222880,10420136,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Kms,Insurgency is a breath of fresh air when you're looking for a tactical shooter. 9/10
,Recommended,222880,10777678,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Muffin                Basskt,This game is real good.Get!
,Recommended,222880,11410948,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,thelyraki,"This game is just unique of its style. think of a mix of call of duty with Arma and you get insurgency! :D It really surprise me that it cost only 15euro...its literally stealing the developpers :PNice maps, graphics, many and realistic weapons, awesome sounds, nice community, many reskins/sound remake from the community...everything you need.just.buy.it."
,Recommended,222880,24711332,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,ArteyFlo,"Insurgency is a fun and addicting semi-realistic FPS, with a prominent focus on teamwork. It basically has it all; Good graphics, intense gameplay, large selection of maps, etc.Insurgency adds realistic elements to the gameplay, including limited hud, no killcams, reduced ability of the player to survive multiple gunshot wounds, etc.It is quite an intense game. The feeling of adrenaline you get when you're pinned down by enemy fire, trying your best to stay alive is what makes this game truly shine. Now, what it lacks in quantity it makes up for in quality. There aren't awholelot of weapons, but the game makes up for that in the quality of them. Most guns (excluding the sniper rifles and pistols) have the option of changing their fire mode. Usually the choices are Semi, Burst, and Auto, so you can choose whichever works best for you.Since Insurgency is semi-realistic, you the player can die in just a blink of an eye. It only takes 2-3 shots and you're dead. It only takes one stray RPG rocket to take you and your whole team out. In this game, you are not a walking tank that games like Call of Duty make you out to be. In order to survive, you need to work with your teammates to finish the mission.The game's Online community is usually pretty active, so you shouldn't have too much trouble finding some teammates to pair up with. In general, if you're a fan of games like ArmA and Rainbow Six, definitely check this game out.Pros:- Good graphics- Large variety of maps- Semi-Realistic gameplay- Active communityCons:- Can be frustrating, especially if playing by yourself- Rather small selection of weaponsFinal Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,222880,14089981,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Fruit Flavored Snacks ™,This game triggered my PTSD from my career of being a Haji Bob. I tried beheading my pennis because it worshiped Christianity. 11/10
,Not Recommended,222880,29839471,Posted: 10 February,all,HazardToSociety,♥♥♥♥ing GARBAGE
,Recommended,222880,29832878,Posted: 10 February,all,E ϟ T L A N D,Great competitive game that requires some skill. You will start to love this this game once you get good at it.
,Recommended,222880,11655134,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Julius,"I have to say I love this game almost everything in it is pretty realistic, it is worth spending how ever much it is."
76561198009313707,Recommended,222880,9659266,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,SeaKraken,"Really fun game, it's a nice change of pace from the FP Shooters we've grown to known now.Go buy it."
76561198047640826,Recommended,222880,12754912,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Poadiup,A fun game that deserves a good recomendation.the game is interesting and tense with its gun fights and handling.The free dlc that the devs release has added a lot of content to it.
,Recommended,222880,11129596,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Nowyoudie,I love this game. It deserves more attention.
76561198079207046,Recommended,222880,11891734,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Warwertyer,great fast first person shooter. love the Co-op
,Recommended,222880,11323662,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Vacbanemployee,This game is absolutly amazing. Although the animations kinda suck. But over all it is high strategic game and it require lots of tactics. This game is absolutly worth playing and buying
,Recommended,222880,9817320,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,The Vegas Shooter,It's almost like a combat simulation that is actually fun to play. You use your brain and this game and can't just run and gun. Very fun and most people use a mic in this game.
,Recommended,222880,8894454,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Slouch☦,It's good. Buy it.
,Recommended,222880,24667924,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Anakin Skywalker,"My views of this Game.Essentially my way of telling if a game is good is asking myself, have I at any point in this game felt like Sniper Jackson from Saving Private Ryan? The answer for this game, where it's not set in WW2 to be fair, is definately yes. When you are sniping on Buhriz and picking off enemies one by one and calling strats and giving support to your team it is a gameplay experience only comparable to the Likes of Arma 3 and other tactical shooters. This paired with the superb combat mechanics, tense gameplay and excellent weapon balancing means I  would definately recommend this smasher of a game."
76561198126930181,Recommended,222880,12889226,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Master Broda,GGWP to the creator of this game.!!!!!!!
76561198135648643,Recommended,222880,16905409,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Chofi,"This is the most awesome shooter game I have ever played. It's extremly realistic, guns, shots and explosions feel real. It has so many gametypes, so it's pretty fun. You dont know if you got your enemy until you see the body... this is what Call Of Duty and Battlefield aren't. This is better, This is great,Get it if you really like shooters."
,Recommended,222880,21259335,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,HorizonBC,THIS GAME HAS A MASSIVE♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222880,20591552,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Pennywise The Dancing Clown,I think this is a Ron Swanson version of Counter Strike.Be a man.
,Recommended,222880,13327823,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,N i c k  C r o m p t o n-Trading,Very good. Very hard. Very fun. Very rage. Very good.
,Recommended,222880,18720399,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,RichieEB,"This would be the best tactical game FPS for me to recommend for any friends because of its simple one time price tag and it's popularity with its community of mods and the game itself. It will take quite a few matches at first to get used to it and it's fun as heck.It's also got Linux and Mac support, not sure when Mac was added but Linux was very recent and thats another plus."
,Recommended,222880,23247783,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nukapara,i like it.its like real army fight.and im just like it
,Recommended,222880,16773216,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Bruce Lee Inc.,You operate with operative operators in operational operations.ORYou akbar with allahu allah's in allahu akbar's.
,Recommended,222880,22880809,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,KennaPlays,Nice! but still need improvements!
,Recommended,222880,15079865,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Mettil,"Feels like a cross between Red Orchestra (more realistic weapon handling) and Counter Strike (smaller maps, closer engagements).What I really like:+No unlock system!  All weapons and attachments are unlocked.  You enter a server with points to allocate toward choosing different weapon, attachment, and equipment loadouts.+Highly detailed maps.+Great sound effects.+Mostly urban, close in firefights, though there are some larger more open maps.+Weapon sway so you can't hipfire like Rambo, though it can be useful in a pinch.+A good community of mostly helpful players.+Co-op modes are very fun and challenging.What I don't like:-Some maps feel poorly designed.-No bullet balistics or travel time (I'm just nitpicking).-A variety of game modes, but most are not fun or not played often.-Scopes are largely useless except for a few maps, in my opinion.  A lot of the popular maps are not conducive to using long range weapons or scopes.  Scopes have more utility in co-op."
,Recommended,222880,15837240,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,xXWilDXx,"So... This is my review for Insurgency: 80% / 100%Gameplay: In co-op you can use in-game commands like ""Moving/Supressing Fire/Requesting Grenade"" .Equipment-Wise - Armor/5 Weapons for each class/Pistols/Grenades/C4/RPG/Night Googles/Vests.Maps - about 10 co-op maps, which can be played in Hunt mode / Survival Mode / Checkpoint mode.There is no cover system (Cuz it's FPS) but you can take cover behind walls/random cars or hiding spots while you are getting ambushed or over-run by the enemy.I enjoy the co-op everytime I play Insurgency (You need to find good tactical team-mates to play with tho :) ) (8/10)Gameplay Styles: You can either rambo and rush through the map while killing enemies (not recommended) or work as a team in co-op and experience the tactical expect of the game (using voice coms and in-game commands).There is also pvp mode with ladders  and zombie mode. (7.5/10)Graphics: The graphics fit the game itself cuz it still needs some updates so the graphics are good enough.There is gore, fire effects and grenade/smoke effects. (6/10)Sounds: Weapon sounds are loud, Silencers have their silenced sounds so you can know if a player is using a SD gun or not.In-game commands included with character voice so it's enjoyable using the commands. (8/10)Enjoyment: (8.5/10)Repetetive: (3/10) - Enemy is randomly places, there are 4-5 difficulties, enemy is challenging to some points as well.Frustraiton (4/10) - Getting killed out of nowhere or way too fast, getting rpg'ed in the face out of nowhere.Boredom (4/10)"
76561198022890067,Recommended,222880,13004792,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,ROOTSLION,fabulous game when it ll bloody loadif anyone can help with th technicals im having   the forums are a freaking  mind♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222880,28816844,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,now i've got my ak65,who invades iraq with only a team consisting of 5 people?
,Recommended,222880,11650889,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,rest in pepperoni,"I mean, the game itself is a whole lot of fun.  It's intense.  You don't see how much ammo or health you have and lives are precious.  Graphics could be improved though.  If you're looking for something in between arma and battlefield with a hint of counterstrike, this is it.  I only hope they fix the latest bug which doesn't allow me to play the game.  It says play now and when I click it a grey box appears.  The game is fantastic though.  DEFINETLY worth $15."
,Recommended,222880,30108759,Posted: 22 February,all,JBurgs ッ,Great realistic shooter. Great to play with friends
,Recommended,222880,30108611,Posted: 22 February,all,Botzo,"I know that I haven't played this game for too long, but I just love it, so I feel like writing this review.First of all, you can get this game pretty cheap on summer sale or winter sale so that's a bonus.Second, if you are into hardcore military fps shooters, that's for you.The classes, the teams, the maps, the guns, are just really well made and the sound really gets your attention, atleast it did for me.The only thing they can do to improve the game is to change the way you buy your weapons, I mean, you can buy the weapons just from a specific class, not all the guns available in your team. They could make a gamemode where there are no classes (just a limit for snipers, rocketeers, etc, in a team) and you can buy any guns you want and are available in your team or even looking into changing the whole buying system.With all of that being said it is a enjoyable game, I haven't encountered any bug that can change my gameplay in any ways, so that's another bonus.I really recommend the game, and as I said, if you get it on a sale it's perfect, but I can say that even the whole price is worth it if you enjoy this type of games. I really recommend buying it. 8/10."
76561197994235867,Recommended,222880,12706437,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,DREX (space cowboy),"great game,  like a mix of CS:GO and ARMA."
,Recommended,222880,17579708,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,O Mawnos Manos,"Really awesome fps game, it is worth it's money."
,Recommended,222880,17593013,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,tr!cky,"Hardmode csgo. Plus, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t reg issues - a headshot is actually a kill shot. I honestly can't believe I played csgo for so long before I found this game."
,Recommended,222880,29997964,Posted: 17 February,all,Jopezo,Like in-depth csgo.
76561198333021378,Recommended,222880,30130896,Posted: 23 February,all,Agrellus,very nice
76561198072766935,Recommended,222880,27027706,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ghost 1-1,"One of the only games to properly kill me in the training mission.Then make me bash my desk in frustration every time I play.Die from accross the map or, who knows where I died from to be honest, and never have any clue where you're getting hit from.Yet still it makes me want to play more and more and again and again until i get better.10/10 will be playing again"
76561198015039506,Recommended,222880,13276289,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,The 5th Talon,Excellent game!  Hours of entertainment... definitely worth the $15 for such a fluid FPS game.  Best game I have ever purchased... EVER!  I would definitely recommend this game to anyone that enjoys playing FPS games.  The developers continue to add new maps and ideas to the game; by releasing new DLCs into the game.  Great community and I have made a lot of new friends from playing.  What are you waiting for?  Buy the damn game!
,Recommended,222880,17329010,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,ThatOneDude,"It is a great game to play.....the best part is you can pick what squad you want and you can talk to the other players on the team to make good decisions, the game is great!"
,Recommended,222880,15764172,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,linuxpunk,"Arguably thebest tactical shooteravailable for GNU/Linux*.FeaturesRealistic, intense gunplay.Vast arsenal of real life, modern weaponry and equipment.Many game modes.Big player base, busy servers.Source engine runs perfectly on Linux.Workshop items make the game infinitely customizable. Want to play as kurdish Peshmerga against Daesh? You can. Want to play as Russians vs Hamas? You can.  Want to play as Colombian army vs somali insurgents? You can!!!10/10, truly an outstanding tactical shooter.* Verdún or Interstellar Marines (still in alpha) are the only runner ups I know off."
76561198036389100,Recommended,222880,8826711,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,BagPiperGuy,"I have only played for an hour when I decided to review this game... And all I have to say is if you like ""realistic"" games or coop games then get it. Had loads of fun and look forward to playing some more!"
,Recommended,222880,11654535,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,mhofever,"It's like if ARMA and Counter-strke had a baby, Insurgency would be that offspring. It's unique in the sense that it's tactical close quarters as you really can't just simply run and gun, you have to be careful when peaking out of cover.  The versus modes are really fun but for me, the icing on the cake was the cooperative mode. The AI in coop is pretty damn good and you really have to be carefull, taking things slow in order to succeed. Recommended for ARMA fans and CS fans alike."
,Recommended,222880,14089217,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,bad player,"*joins server*""hey guys, I just got this game and it's my first time playing online here! sorry if i don't do so well this match!""...*silence*...*random player votes to kick me*11/10, best allahu akbar simulator 2015"
76561198017248667,Recommended,222880,11732070,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,=DI= S4NDM4N,Awsome game! Very similar in style to CO-GO and older CoD but the bots and game play are excellent! Not as beautiful as Far Cry 3 by a long shot but it's still easily one of the best CO-OPs ever made and for $15 there's nothing even close to this good.Bottom LineGet it!join us on our Insurgency Servers!
76561198065469224,Recommended,222880,22586734,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,mr sir,"No hud, no ammo indicator, no crosshair and no other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It's just you, your gun and your brains. This game also has really cool game modes that I find very enjoyable. This is one of the best fps games I've played in quite some time. A must buy!"
,Recommended,222880,9652113,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,love is fucking shit really,"Really Great game! You need to have skills, really tactical, No huds, no crosshairs, no ammo amount left even shown, you need to be fast, have a right timing, good teamwork, also be patient, wait for the right time, also this game is a spot-on game, so you need to have a good spot-on skills because there is no huds or maps etc, the weapons are also good, they are very balanced, all the attachments are umlock, but there are supplies number and weight system, the more heavier things you bring the more heavier you walk, the maps are also very detail, and alot of covering points, if you are new I recommend playing Coop Vs A.I first, but the A.I are also genius, also if you are a noob/newbie, dont worry this game makes you pro in just a single game in Coop Vs A.I this game is really easy to understand, and it is quite fast paced.9.5/10"
,Recommended,222880,18644262,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,odds,♥♥♥♥ing amazing! :)
,Recommended,222880,13889033,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Scarecrow,"Great game, Worth the money!This game is awesome and allows you to actualy work together with your team. There are a few PvP game modes along with and number of co-op one's aswell.This game would be an easy 9/10 and i would say to anyone who is into this genre of games or has come from Arma and looking for something more close quarters to get this game."
76561197969144365,Recommended,222880,13895718,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ForcedzFox,Very good
,Recommended,222880,13898153,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ERNIE,"I play this game a ♥♥♥♥-load and I ♥♥♥♥ing love it.Take your killstreaks, vehicles, and extra♥♥♥♥♥♥and throw it out.This game is PURE FPS - just guns and people and smartly designed maps.9/10p.s. there is a supression effect on enemies when you fire at them. So there is a bonus to screaming COVERING FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIREEEEEEE"
,Recommended,222880,14362225,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Part Tim3 Hobo,AI kills you super fast on brutal settings....10/10 would play again - IGN
,Recommended,222880,13899975,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Don't Ask,"This game is amazing, if you enjoy realistic shooters. you can even say its like red orchestra but modern day, with a mix of counter strike GO"
,Recommended,222880,14440316,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Keanu Peeves,10/10 would allahu akbar again
,Recommended,222880,13898478,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,jmy,Amazing teamworking game. It's a kind of millitary simulator and thats pretty cool in my own opinion :)
76561198156257182,Recommended,222880,13936822,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Supra_Primex,"I've always liked hardcore shooters like battlefield where its super realistic and enivonments are destructible, is what what i would have still been saying if i never played this game. I came scross this game as i was new to steam and wanted to find a legit shooter. And i came across this, saw the images and videos, looked up and read reviews, and i was immediately hooked. I bought the game and of course, i ran in guns blazing like COD or BF, but i immidieatly realized that was the worst possible decsion. One shot one kill now runs through my head when i play this. I love this game. This is all i play now and i cant get enough of how badass this game is. I would highly recomend to any gamer looking for a little challenge or wanting to try something new. Takes a while to get used to how actually not die all the time but when you learn the strategies and tactics, it's a very rewarding experience. This game also HIGHLY requires communications with your teammates or else everything will go horribly wrong."
76561198041222549,Recommended,222880,14398748,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Moka,"One of the best hardcore tactical shooters i've ever had the pleasure to experience , the game is realy satisfying and highly recommended.10/10 Coop.10/10 AI.100/10 Gameplay."
,Recommended,222880,14408193,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Papa Jammie,I seriously cannot recommend this game enough. It's a perfect mix of the realism of Red Orchestra and the fast pace of Counter Strike.
,Recommended,222880,14434905,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Depressed Pickle,"Shouting ""Allah Hu Akbar"" in the mic while pressing push-2-talk during a match holding and eventually firing a huge♥♥♥♥♥RPG rocket. 10/10 priceless"
76561198012239678,Recommended,222880,14420048,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Stacks,+1
,Recommended,222880,31336477,Posted: 24 April,all,[RIOT] UMPZAVELLI | RECRUITING,Have over 1000 hrs + in this game and let me tell you it has alot of issues-hitreg-gun folding-buggy textures-ads locks up-prone locks up-no ranking-client crashes-unrealistic recoil-no mini map-unrealistic reflexes-no ammo counter-no HUDHopefully sandstorm does not have these issues.
,Recommended,222880,12047406,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Spiff Macintosh,A breath of fresh air for shooters.
,Recommended,222880,29835165,Posted: 10 February,all,Jememez,+ Doesn't take 9 Million rounds to the face for someone to die+ Nice Ballistics+ Decent AI- I can't think of any negatives and that means this review's a little biased.
,Recommended,222880,20595948,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Muta,"Like counterstrike, but actually fun."
,Recommended,222880,23805181,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,--RzN-- Haze,"This game is undoubtedly one of the best FPS games ever made. It is realistic, fun, fast paced (usually), skillful, and full of fun, nice people to play with. The only real downside is the lack of a competitive matchmaking system - which NWI is currently in the process of alpha testing. Hopefully, one day, this game may rival the titles of counter-strike and COD. It is an Indie at heart, with the development skill level of AAA titles."
,Recommended,222880,10396074,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"A fun and ""realistic"" FPS, at least compared to most of what's out there.  Customize your weapons, and choose what kind of armors, grenades and whatnot that you will carry.  Some pretty awesome levels, especially the outdoor mountainous ones.  Sniping is pretty satisfying in this game.  Great game for a pretty cheap price, especially if you pick it up during a sale."
,Recommended,222880,12933223,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,tilr ツ,Got a weed skin from the workshop 420/10 would blaze again.
76561198155733158,Recommended,222880,14096546,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Legendary NewType,"This game is basicly mix of BF and CS:GO which is pretty good and well done (trust me you well find yourself playing this game for hours and hours and so on...) but one thing that made me mad is the controller support...which is annoying to me because it says here this game is controller support, which is not! all i can do is just move and that's all, really (controller support my butt) but still disbite the controller support I will forgive this game (because fun). but if you guys are going using a controller for this game don't bother even try, it's not like they going to fix it or anything but if you willing to put up with keyboard then good for you. plus if you looking for challange which is: no spotting, no hip-fire crosshair, no minimap, no killcam, no health meter, no hit/ kill notification, not even an ammo counter then this game is for you. And a tip for you all, trust your instinct. each kill you make it feel so rewarding and you'll see why when you play this game. (work with you're teammate to win the game)The rating of this game is 10/10 with badass seal"
76561198035212930,Recommended,222880,13428644,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,BACKPAIN,Nice tactical shooter.The only bad thing in this are the rpgs...
76561197983973473,Recommended,222880,13886445,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Jiixy,"This is the FPS game many have been waiting for!Real combat. No heads up display. No Health Bar. No ammo bar. No mini map. No special features or power ups!No running to cover and taking ""damage"". 1 shot, you fall.And the graphics are done very well. Characters don't stand out. Most times you only get to see a muzzel flash to show someones location, and again most times, thats all you get to see! lolThis is an excellent game all round for all gamers!The only thing I can complain about would be the ranking system. Its overly basic and dull. Some real custom ranks and a better scoreboard system would be amazing! But the ranking system does not take away from the overall game enjoyent!"
,Recommended,222880,13889652,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,HavoK,If you want something more tactical than Counter-Strike but more Arcade like than Arma. This is the drug...i mean game of your choice.
,Recommended,222880,13926395,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Nereus,"This game is addictive and needs people that uses their heads to play it, if you rush in you're dead 10/10"
76561198030892308,Recommended,222880,14357391,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,borus,Fast paced. Blows my pants off. Max supression. Amazing. I need new pants.
,Recommended,222880,13963576,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[508th_PIR] Grey,"Clearly a good time when playing with friends, as you can take ownership of whatever server you happen to be playing on and kick anyone else who joins. Or at least that's the impression I get from the numerous crotch-grappling window-lickers I've run into while pubbing.Solid gameplay, excellent sound design. Don't play alone."
76561198123230682,Recommended,222880,13976100,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Arctic M0Nk3Y,"I just want to say a few words about the truly amazing policy of NWII haven't seen a game in a long time that lives up to the immense support insurgency gets from its developers. Not only do they update the content (maps, weapons, gadgets, gamemodes... you name it) and gameplay frequently, they also don't cash any money for their DLCs. While we live in times where companies charge money for DLCs that come out at the release day of their games, NWI really shows how it should be done. This game is an example of true customer service that stands out in a world of greedy game companies.love it.(PS. I would not say this the most realistic game. As fun as it is and most people that play this game ofton will agree with me, its a spray and pray. You get shot a few times and for the most part you die but if they are wearing heavy armor it could take up to nine shots to take him down. Everyones gun is pretty much always on full auto when in he military it is almost always on semi automatic. If it is on full auto its in short controlled burst and in insurgency its let me spray the ground the walls the bushes and anywhere near you Iand hope they died and go onto the next obj. But the game is amazing besides the few cons I mentioned. Gr8 game  IR8/8)"
76561198022513298,Recommended,222880,13980619,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,alp,"Insurgency is a realistic-tactical shooter. This is a merciless experience for players who are careless and ignore the importance of teamwork. In my first hour experience I felt like a war reporter on the most dangerous front of Iraq. Bullets flew over my head, my teammates died while I was hiding behind covers, tried to stay alive between strong explosions, heard unending gunfire, used every piece of cover to save my life and died a lot. After two hours I was able to lurk dark corners of the map, leaned behind covers to shot my enemy before he shot me and tricked the enemy in anyway I can. But it's very hard to master this game. You need your teammates to succeed on your missions. Moving together, using formations correctly, and maintaining 360 degree security for the team are vital parts of success. Getting familiar with game maps is another important factor for success. You have to know where your weak points are while you're attacking or defending objective zones. Experienced lone wolves infiltrate behind enemy lines to hunt their targets one by one. So if you want to be successful explore maps as quickly as possible. Shooting mechanics feels good and realistic. Maps designs are very good and well optimized to balance tension between teams. Graphics can't compete with its counterparts but they are decent. Sound effects are great. If developers continue like this, this can be the best FPS game of all the time in the coming years."
,Recommended,222880,25829820,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,IronBack | Elfein7Night,Very good polished and instense game. A more 'realistic' approach to the standard objective based team play.Really easy to get immersed in the battle and world around it. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,222880,27377998,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[SFW]suttoriiga,"This is pretty much the best shooter available on the market. At least, it is for me.This game has vastly improved upon the very first iteration, Insurgency: Modern Infantry Combat, and so, it has raised a very high standard for Insurgency: Sandstorm.With a price that low for a full-fledged game without DLC like this, what more could you possibly ask for?"
,Recommended,222880,9090391,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Hybrid Ghost,Really good game. Worth the money. If you like tactical games. This is the game for you ;D!Recommended!
,Recommended,222880,11891507,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,HighThumb,csgo on steroids
,Recommended,222880,29122170,Posted: 8 January,all,Stu Desert Digger of Nigera,"This game is pritty trash I would say only Russians play this game. I buy the best armor still getget♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in my hole. Worst of all I can't drive a tank or get in a damn bus I want to camp inside a bus. This game needs to add that also they need to add more ammo for the rocket launcher. While they are at it add it so that rockets launchers can throw nukes that can wipe out everyone. But seriously let me in a god damn bus i want to camp it or ride in it. LIke seriously what game doesn't allow you in a prop bus. so stupid. Also they need to add a suicide bomber kit, honestly. Also they should let you inside busses like If i need descent cover I would want a damn Bus. In real life i could go in a bus so why can't i got into fake one like honestly this is a video game anything can happen so why can't we get in a god damn bus. For f***s sake I need to run people over with a bus with my team inside shooting everywhere. Thank you for reading please add busses we can ride in thank you."
76561197980093061,Recommended,222880,12950631,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Santas Brother,"I have put 100+ hours into this game and I have♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants for about 90 of those hours. I have no experience getting shot at in real life, but when I think of what it would be like I think of this game. This game gave me PTSD, and I think you too should take that risk and play it!Every weapon feels totally different from each other, and all though there may not be as many guns as CS:GO or BF4 It certainly makes up for it with the amazing gun play.The maps are some of the best I have seen in any multiplayer FPS and there is a good balance of houses/windows/hiding spots on each of them. There is always more than one path you can take to get to your objective, whether you're after revenge or after an objective.If you don't like the weapons/skins or you want the insurgents to scream ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" when they throw explosives you can always go to the Steam Workshop to customize the game to your liking. There is always new content to try out.The devs are always adding new features to the game and have recently given us a free DLC which saw the addition of the cooperative game mode Hunt - "" a challenging one-life mode where you will need to eliminate all enemy while locating and destroying a weapons cache.""Not only is this game great fun with friends, but it is just as good if you want to play by yourself.I recommend this game to anyone who just finished watching Black Hawk Down (or any other war movie) or is after something a little more realistic than CS or BF."
,Recommended,222880,18735969,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,President Shane,The game basically serves as a fast-paced middle ground between CoD-esque gameplay and Arma-esque realism. Highly recommended.
76561198093413118,Recommended,222880,12690045,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,cG.Bubba,i love this game
76561198053979503,Recommended,222880,7644576,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Mr. Hoover,Awesome FPS.  Graphics and gameplay are awesome and the community is serious about playing tactically.
76561198079445746,Recommended,222880,22239027,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Miso,"I have totaly fell in love with this game.+ awesome gameplay+ realistic FPS+ active developers+ active community (lot of active modders)+ nice graphic+ quite a lot of gamemodsAwesome game, worth to buy."
76561198118958395,Recommended,222880,14101931,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,.ICE,"With all the other reviews written,what's there to say?I'm just glad that i brought it,the game is intense,realistic and fun to play with.Graphic: 9/10Music:10/10Game-play: 10/10Awesomeness: 10/10"
76561198160256365,Recommended,222880,33896044,Posted: 29 July,all,MrGun101,"This game is probably one of the best multiplayer FPS games of all time. It is truely a masterpiece. A lot of people may say this game sucks probably of its realism. Over all, there are not many bugs or glitches. The main reason why this game is so special to me, is that it is very realistic and matches very well to how warfare is in real life. I'm not saying it is just like real life, but is hands down very realistic. The controls are very good. Complex, but good. There are only three minor requests I have that may improve the game ( This includes Day of Infamy)1. Having the ability to throw away a mag even if there is still ammo in it. Mabye double tapping R would work.2. Being able to shoot while in mid air. Not as important, but nice to have.3. This one may be the biggest request. Including both Insurgency and Security teams for the Co-op game mode. Again, I don't need it, but would make the game even cooler.In conclusion, this is probabaly one of the most enjoyable and addicting games ever.9.85/10"
,Recommended,222880,24287290,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BlueberryJAM,"This is an awesome realistic FPS game for the military junkies, more than others FPS game.Realistic guns, sound fx, complex map so u need to have focus and trick to play here.CS player, Arma player, Ghost recon player should try this.i recommended this game.you will not disappointed."
,Recommended,222880,35453644,Posted: 3 October,all,*^MaDz^*,"One of the best shooting games out there , it is like many games combined, i like it !"
,Recommended,222880,10483279,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,InnerConflict,"I initially praised this game upon its first hours. Graphically beautiful even if on an old and badly aged engine. Nice direct controls with decent servers and a lot of players. Fantastic weapons and good devteam support. Decent mod support and so on. But what was the missing piece of the puzzle that made me stop the game around the 13hr mark? I asked myself is it the technical aspects? No, definitely not. The community? Again, definitely not. THe level design? the scenario? the constant middle east environments? Not even that. But it was the pacing of the gunplay and the overall confrontations between two players. When I play this game I often times just aim my iron sights and crouch whenever I enter a building because I know that even the smallest sound would be instant death. The blink of an eye moment where death and life are decided, combined with the knowledge of how much concentration you got to put in the game all the time, makes me not only tired quickly, but also get tired of this suspenseful combat too. Neither in Arma, neither in Red Orchestra have I died as quickly as here, neither as much eagleeye awareness and constant conenctration did I ever put up as I did in Insurgency... It´s just the games way of playing it that   p  i  s  s  e  d    me off so much in such a short time. You come home from work, exhausted, expecting to play a game that takes steam off, but in the end you gotta work harder with the game than you do even at work, due to the pacing of the combat and the suspense. You can´t just join a server, look, advance and get some kills like in Red Orchestra, or even rush into grainelevator with a ppsh and have a fun time if you don´t wanna play the realistic yet chilling slow paced big maps. In Insurgency all is often CQC, smaller maps and high paced. It´s not relaxing, it´s not strategically thoughtful enough. It´s just fast, hard, scary and suspense arcade shooting. It´s not everybodys taste. Be sure to demo the game before you go over the 2hr mark. Refunding it despite it being cheap is worth it if the game doesn´t suit you."
76561198044757032,Recommended,222880,35174503,Posted: 24 September,all,<SheNiMaYiLian>,paly it to relax.....pretty good FPS. Basiclly Co-op CS
,Recommended,222880,20949821,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Crow,Even though I get this game for 25 cents ($1 for a 4 pack in a humble bundle). It is worth the $15 in its entirety.I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,222880,20483353,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,JeMs,"BattleEye Update:The new anti-cheat has been a much needed addition to Insurgency, I have had no problems with game performance after it's implementation. There are many negative reviewers complaining about BattleEye and it is common for cheaters to smear any effective third-party anti-cheat for obvious reasons.I would like to thank the Developers for making it harder to cheat in this amazing game.This is my favorite FPS of all time. Here's why:1. It is a true tactical shooter, you die if you get shot, dying is bad, teamwork is key.2. The maps are well designed and amazingly detailed.3. The variety of different game modes and gameplay is excellent.4. It has a great dev team that knows why their game is good, and continues to improve it.5. Awesome Competitive Community.Just get it if you like hardcore shooters! It's the best one on the market."
,Recommended,222880,21248552,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,-=312th=- TDSM,"A good military game with no extra micro transactions. If you want a skin just head to workshop -> find the item you want -> click subscribe -> restart your game -> done.- You can join servers that have hud to show your HP or you can join ones without HP which look more realistic.- When you reload a 1/2 mag you will keep that until you reload back to it instead of it auto making it a full clip, so make sure you fully empty the mag most of the times. Sometimes you reload middle of a fight and find out that you have a 1 bullet mag and you die :) . . .10/10 FPS Military Game"
,Recommended,222880,31716669,Posted: 12 May,all,SuMmEr,"First time playing it,didn't like it.coz I keep getting killed from nowhere and the that it's slow paced for me.second time playing,give it another chance I might like it...and I did once I knew what I was doing,the game ain't slow paced it also isn't fast paced it depends on how you want to play it and the fact that u can mod this game using the workshop.AMAZING"
76561198088700083,Recommended,222880,19945272,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ATurpAT,this game is really hardcore and of course it's not PAY 2 WIN
76561197982852055,Recommended,222880,8864697,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,mr.hanky,Not bad for 15 bucks. This is from the people who made the best source mod ever.
76561198047084923,Recommended,222880,16002627,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Raidho36,"There was one time I ran up to enemy weapon cache with ICD in my hands, ready to blow it up to hell. And as I dashed through the final door, the dreadful display was before me - five, maybe even ten outlanders, armored, armed to the teeth, all standing before me looking at me confused in their surprise, as if I caught them off-guard. I waste no time though, and instantly throw ICD at them, and after it flew over a short arc, it landed by the cache, just before them - but also just before me. There was no time to run away, not even to pray, and as I shouted to the mic ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" I pulled out the cell phone, receiving rain of enemy bullets and hoping I can last just long enough to push ""call"" button - and so I did. I sacrificed my only life but that wasn't in vain, victory was ours and my name will be remembered by my brothers.9/11 would jihad again."
,Recommended,222880,16401781,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Shrike,"A slow-paced, realistic, team-oriented military style shooter.Some key points:Slow paced gameplay, sprinting around to meet an opponent with their gun drawn will likely end badly.Excellent sound design with realistic audio - Bullet cracks flying past you, impact noises and soldiers on the battlefield yelling as they are suppressed.Equipment management with limited supply, balance out your strategy before a fight.Realistic damage modelling - You will likely get killed with 1 bullet. First to land the hit wins the gunfight.Limited HUD, save for compass. No ammo kount, most servers have no killfeed.Easy to get into, difficult to master.The most enjoyable games where you have to work as a team to win.I would highly recommend this, very nice to unwind to, or to wreak havoc."
,Recommended,222880,1971476,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,RediT12,"Really fun, realistic and intensive game, It's really fun to team up and play with your friends or just play alone."
76561198046865724,Recommended,222880,14366664,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,B♦rislav ♰,"Everything is very well done, especially the tactical and beautiful maps. Its only getting better, give it a try."
,Recommended,222880,8839321,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,teabagjohn,"I'm not gonna lie: On the first glance it looked like every other military shooter trash. But after reading the overall very positive reviews (one guy had over 1000hours played!) I decided to give it a try.To make it short: This game is amazing! It's something between CSGO and CoD4 Hardcore Mode. The netcode is perfect, the sounds are extremely well done and the overall feeling makes your heart beat faster and faster. You could be dead within a second, not knowing where this guy shot you from.The graphics are better than what you see in most of the videos on Youtube. It obviously doesn't look like BF4 but ♥♥♥♥ it, you can acutally play this game and have tons of fun.You can crouch, lean, prone, aim down the sights and use voice chat to communicate with your teammates. While communicating is important, it is not the case that you can't have fun alone in public games. People are very nice and I haven't found one single COD kid insulting you as a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Great game in my opinion and a huge surprise! Thank you for reading and thank you devs for making this game!"
,Recommended,222880,10408028,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Mogit,"The game plays out very well. Its, its own game in it self, I've not seen any like it (Gamemode wise). But it still has a feel of counter strike to it, and in my mind that is not a bad thing as I also love Counter Strike. I'd say its an Upgraded version of Counter Strike, but thats just me.In most game modes, if you die, a team mate will need to catch an enemy objective. It is like Search and Destroy from the Call of Duty franchice, but you can respawn by one of the team mates at least doing the objective for a change. It is a very team based game, as there are a lot of firefights. May it be in a street or a hallway, you always need your team there to back you up. So if you are the last one alive you can sneek over and take an objective, and all of your team will respawn. Not only things like that but the gun play is really realistic, as you can shoot at an enemy... And he will actually die, rather than having to be shot 15 times before he dies. The game overall is very realistic in my mind, as when you shoot your gun it creates smoke at the end of your barrel, and varies depending on what gun it is. You can also shoot at the ground, and instead of an odd bullet hole, a huge pile of dust (Wether you are on a snow map or a sand map, you will get snow or sand). Cover is quite a critical thing in this game, as if you are shot more than once, you will most likely die.I hope the review was to your liking... I have only explained some of the minor things in the game, there is so much more to it.10/10Have fun! (If you buy it of course)"
76561198055832869,Recommended,222880,10676968,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,freddiez,"Insurgency makes counter strikes damage model look like call of duty's it has a great supression system fantastic gun modeling great moding communtiy and accurate recoil ,spread and ammo system . The game has very little HUD great combat speech and proper weapon balancing . Insurgency is a hardcore fps like no other . The only lacking area is AI pathfinding and balancing the AI is either staring at the roof or blowing your head off no middle ground seems to be consistant . Server population is decent but could be better so if you are on the fence about buying please do help the community out and do so . all and all 8.7/10"
76561198016839744,Recommended,222880,11051685,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,^1Joey ^2Wheeler,This Game is Fun
,Recommended,222880,11831842,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Grexu,"Very nice realistic action, would reccomend"
,Recommended,222880,12194134,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,McSniffles,"*EDIT Jan 12th 2016*I've played so much more of this game over the years and it keeps getting better and better.  I've also written a 5 star guide to help out all the new people at:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=353522773----If you're looking for a tactical FPS focused on realism with guns and kills that feel better than any other shooting game you've played, you've come to the right place."
76561197990409764,Recommended,222880,13250325,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,NATZAAA,"fun, realistic"
76561197991242678,Recommended,222880,13565650,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Morujohn,"Most realistic shooter i have ever palyed, the sounds are so real, the guns and the way they feel, everything. And comparing to game like COD it's really cheap too. I recommend!"
76561197999255003,Recommended,222880,14039968,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,PunK,"Most ""realistic"" FPS i ever played, its really fun and adictive to play... This game has what BF's and CoD's dont... try it.9/10 - i love this game :3 -"
,Recommended,222880,8815337,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BredCoke,A lot of fun. Action packed and gorgeous. Needs more Australian servers but other than that. Really fun.
76561198124317515,Recommended,222880,9332409,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,xX_[0RTH0S]_Xx,This is one of the greatest games I have ever played. Istrongly reccomend it.
76561197973886306,Recommended,222880,9648303,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,TK,Anybody want a hotdog
76561198115647030,Recommended,222880,9167940,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,WHO IF NOT I,"Very good game with great graphics and simple controls. If you like hardcore, this game is for you. All recommend this game."
76561198122252405,Recommended,222880,13672533,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,iPlaY,cool game
,Recommended,222880,8334896,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mondkalb,"Holy Moly. This game has come very far! I loved it when it was a mod, and now I love it even more.The overall feeling of the weapons is highly believable, it takes just one shot take down an enemy. Suppression effects are marvellous and make you eager to just suppress an enemy with rapid fire while your buddy (Who you should have some kind of voice communication with) goes in and flanks him. Teamwork is easily created!The bullet impact effects are also very subtle and help add to the fear of death in this game. Very good. The ragdoll effects are far from the comical exploding and flying through the air effects, instead dead targets instantly fall to the ground and remain there.The UI is minimalistic, you have no idea about your ammo count, except when you count your bullets. You can modify your weapons with all kinds of attachments, especially on the ""Security"" side, while the Insurgents mostly field WW2 equipment. (I saw an MP40!)The maps/levles/areas are highly detailed and made with a lot of love. The audio effects used in those maps add to immersion even further. And all the equipment and vehicles that are used (static, not useable) are accurate to the era.So this game is all in all amazing, and in my opinion the next ""Red Orchestra"". So if you are into realistic firefights, this game is gold.From a gamer's perpective I give this 9/10. It didn't make the 10/10 because most servers currently lag and this causes a jittery visual to all the animations."
,Recommended,222880,8806057,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,[NSTi] snow,"Insurgency is about to be released! It has been in early access for about nine months now, and I must say that there has been so much improvement in every aspect of the game. Hats off to you, NWI! Although Insurgency is a first-person shooter, it is not your average COD gameplay, but instead it's very tactical. If you choose to lone wolf it and forget about your team, you might as well be dead the moment you take your first step. Communication is such a big component in the game that I would argue that it is the success factor in your campaigns. Always listen to your leader's orders and keep it cool if you accidentally get shot by your teammate or even teamkilled; it's happened to everybody and it will definitely happen to you.Besides the strategy mumbo-jumbo, gameplay is very smooth and competitive. There is a satisfactory amount of weapons and attachments to choose from. Overall the game is amazing. I've been here, testing Insurgency out for a good chunk of its Early Access and Beta months and trust me when I say it's improved a lot. It has, and many of the features you will see, if you have just bought the game, has been only recently added to the game. NWI, I wish you luck in continuing the development of the game! It's amazing. Keep it up!-10/10"
,Recommended,222880,8826875,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Nanasaki Koko,Really nice game. It`s really realistic. Also this game is really easy to use ingame voice talk which helps a lot during a game. I strongly recommend this one.
,Recommended,222880,9002817,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,ThatOneFox,"If you enjoy counter strike, you would like this game. If you enjoy Arma, you could easily learn to like this game. If you like BF/COD you probably won't like this game. It's an amazingly intense and strategic FPS that takes the source engine and makes a very high quality game. Compared to a lot of games, it probably ins't all that realistic and whatnot (don't even start Alex), but for what it is, it requires quite a good deal of patience, accuracy, coordination and communication, and it's an overall great game if hardcore realistic FPS is what you're looking for. PLUS IT'S ONLY 15$ :D"
,Recommended,222880,9031079,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Benis,"Take Arma put it on a CS map add red orchestra style gun play and menu systems and to finish it off give it medal of honour graphics and CS gamemodes.This game is truly amazing and addictive the only problems i had with it was menus where you have to make sure the settings match your computer as i had about 15 mins of constant crashing until i realised i was using headphones and by default it is on the surround sound setting.You also get the odd syrian kid spamming voice chat with ""Allah Akbar, Die american scum."" but if your a fan of Arma,CS or Red orchestra.I think VIP is the best gamemode."
76561198038830157,Recommended,222880,9094227,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Cream Of Wheat,"What Other Shooters Should Be Aiming ForI remember when COD:BO came out, I was a fan of the hardcore and barebones game modes. There was no option to play hardcore barebones though. You had to choose between one or the other. I remember thinking, ""wouldn't it be nice if they had a hardcore barebones game mode"". Even though this game has weapon attatchments, this for me is as close as it gets.With kills taking only 1-2 shots from your mag, it feels almost more like a paintball game in comparison to other shooters i've played. The guns in insurgency feel and sound great too. Gun fights are intense in the sense that you have no hit markers and no way to tell if you killed the person other than a visual confirmation. So popping your head out for that second look could mean death, or that you're clear to advance. Something else thats nice about this game is that therich don't get richer. Unlike most other popular shooters, there is no leveling system to unlock guns/attachments and increase character stats. And for ingame there are no killsteaks. This is a game that focuses more on the core game mechanics than visual polish. In short, if you are looking for a shooter that has a realistic feel and is tactical, i highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,222880,9134474,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Hydra,"This game is really fun whether you play by yourself or with a friend! Has a bit of strategy in it, and allthough you may need to learn the maps a bit before you get the hang of them It really is fun to play!"
,Recommended,222880,9312713,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Hon Dr. Robert Muldoon (PhD),"lets be honest, who has time in their busy lives to run off to some foreign dustbowl, join up with some local insurgent fighters, attend the day camps and seminars and then wage a futile, yet endless, war against a western military industrial complex?Not me, But now you can with the game the Kabul Post called ""جيد جدا، سبحان الله""If slow, methodical pacing is for you, if you get a tingle when a decades old Russian made assault weapon is thrust into your hands and a man who uses big words tells you that those gentlemen on the otherside of the map have come to destory your world, if getting killed by a guy you never saw again and again is what makes you moisten your big boy pants then Insurgency is for you.8/10. Pretty good. Better then the mod its based on. As frustrating as fighting an actual insurgency."
,Recommended,222880,9444209,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,shhh be hush.,I find this game to be my favorite of my current first person shoot choices.  For the money you cant really beat it!  Realistic shooter with devolopers that care about the game and community which has a friendly enviroment to play in.  I highly recommend this game to those looking for a really wonderfull shooter.  With being a avid gamer myself since the dawn of multiplayer i feel you wont be disapointed in trying this out!
,Recommended,222880,9671944,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,CharLeeto,"If you ever play with me (past name - Hobo Potato) , i will lead you and teach you how to play, you can add me and if im playing ill surely help you learn... and stay alive :D.i remember a coop match in heights where we lost 8 times even with great communication and I had a great team although at first we were all strangers. The AI are so good that they can take out 5 outta 6 guys with just an RPG. we went in pairs 2 by 2 to spread out so that we all dont bunch up and die by a single RPG again cuz we died several times like that.If you are into TEAMWORK, this game is the REAL DEAL for you, cuz even if you're with random strangers, you end up making good friendships with them and you guys will probably end up playing with each other the next time around again.It's rewarding that there is actual TEAMWORK and not twitch shooting or going lone wolf, you really have to keep your teammates alive and watch their backs.A mic is optional but i recommend it.The community is awesome, no mic spammers, rarely have i seen any that are like garrys mod mic spammers.Almost everyone is nice, about 95% of the people, I rarely have seen anything like TKs that much unless it's on accident.and IT'S SOOO MUCH better than the CSGO community. Man, being in ranked, I would see so many ppl get angry at each other. Hardly, Hardly, do i see rage mode ppl in this game.I would like to ask all the ppl who read the ending of this (LOL), one favor (SHARE THIS GAME TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS) . I just told you my experiences with random people, but how fun it will be being with real people that you know?!Here is my credentials:http://cloud-3.steampowered.com/ugc/667957675835505569/A28243796BC2E475CC5CCA5645F29950687C1E4B/http://cloud-2.steampowered.com/ugc/705110818980558630/9F4E1F84519E37B36A62F911FB96AC2E4D92C453/http://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/705110818980557764/8AD6E892DADB2E96B3B1D3913804DADBE036E5AB/http://cloud-4.steampowered.com/ugc/705110818980555606/6A38DF846A76C2BD1EEEFB6C7574CDC667AD896E/"
,Recommended,222880,10366548,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Zaldix,"It may seem boring at first but once you get into it, it's AWESOME!"
76561197985639455,Recommended,222880,13283582,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Hij@ck3r,"A game like war. One does not simply cross an open street here.Intense, well functioning, dangerous, well supported.Very fast and also very slow-paced tactical shooter with some hard, but really smooth gameplay.No HUD, zero kiddo-comforts. All man.Awesome game, buy it. Worth the price many times."
,Recommended,222880,9195244,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Iniquity,"Okay this game is like a mix between counterstrike and arma the small CQB maps and Intensity of counterstrike and the realism of arma, with realistic damge and a great class based squad system this game is worth checking out if u have ever enjoyed a FPS"
76561198042287075,Recommended,222880,9243808,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,mishe,Die in 1 shot and watch your team suck each other off while dying
,Recommended,222880,9700074,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Flatlander,great game just amazing!
76561198070703853,Recommended,222880,12394369,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,MrxBath,"A very realistic, visceral feel to it, this game takes team based FPS to a different level. Complete realism, lack of hud/map, and team communication make this game stand out from the rest. If you've never fired a gun before, this is as close to the real thing in a video game that I have found so far."
,Recommended,222880,8824770,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,longo dongo mcbongo,"When the realistic, strategy gameplay of Red Orchestra meets the frantic close-quarters combat of Counter-Strike, you get a $15 joy ride that's bound to satisfy any shooter fan for a long, long time.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,222880,17132437,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,IamTheSpy!,"Its like counter strike, except people wont judge about the color of your weapon, people take you seriouslyand no one will scream you in russian. 10/10 IGN -Its like Counter Strike but well made."
,Recommended,222880,17136336,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,RλubfiscH,Crosshairs are for noobs ;)10/10
,Recommended,222880,10400675,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,tan_platano,i love this game
,Recommended,222880,8891462,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Vaughn Whiskey,"I went into this game thinking it was another quick conversion of a mod turned standalone but I was blown away how good this game is. Many people come into this game thinking ""COD"" and are destroyed but if you take your time, work together and pace yourself. You will end up having an amazing wicked time. There are times in the game where I am so overwhelmed with taking fire that my thought pattern is compromised and because and confused shell of a man.If you want a game with harsh punishment for COD strats and a solid realism of an Arma game, this is for you."
,Recommended,222880,11613434,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Sssteeewwwaaarrrt,"This is a really well made FPS and is my current favourite. It has very immersive, tactical gameplay with a wide range of gamemodes (both PVP and Coop) and map variety spanning from tight allyways to long range sniping areas. Bullets are very lethal and usually kill with 1-3 shots. Explosions are very big and lethal too. The developers have nearly pushed the Source engine to its limits to make this game and are constantly updating it. The player base is quite helpful too most of the time. The modding community is quite active and the developers are making the game more and more moddable. There are around 4,000 workshop mods as of the time of me writing this review. There are almost no squeakers or hackers in this game, which is a plus. I would recommend that everyone who enjoys tactical FPS's should try this game out."
,Recommended,222880,11976921,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,SploogeLoser,"Have you ever had to hold your best friends testicle while you cried in fear? Didn't think so. In this game that's exactly what happens. Its all loud and♥♥♥♥♥♥and I wanna poop my pants and call my mommy.*Plays I Am A Real American""I give this game 9 fedora tips out of 10♥♥♥♥ your hearingAyy lmao"
,Recommended,222880,11652221,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Spätzletier (Mercy),This game rocks!!! I love the REALISM. :) THIS IS FOR THE FPS EXPERTS!!!
,Recommended,222880,13522657,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Gabol,"Having this is priceless because of this reasons:-Allahu akbar mod.-Saying Allahu akbar as Insurgent all the time.-Blowing yourself with a nade at the shout of Allahu akbar, carrying some U.S soldiers with you.-""Best terrorism simulator since Counter Strike.""  49/2- MrGabol100-""Like skyrim but with terrorists."" 11/10- IGN-""Too much dust."" 13/90- IGN again, coz they can."
,Recommended,222880,11368105,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,BloodDiamonds,LAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKAKA RPG GO BOOM BOOM great game otherwise
,Recommended,222880,11626749,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,SKRR,"Super realistic game with awesome graphics. If you manage to kill about 18 Afghan ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s as the last man standing, and capture a point. You will love this game."
76561198082640923,Recommended,222880,23253596,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Paul196UK,An excelent team based FPS which you can play with BOTS or in multi player with friends etc.  Very realistic.
,Recommended,222880,10536677,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,monkey pissing jpg,yes
,Recommended,222880,30105350,Posted: 22 February,all,[MP]pribamello,Played as insurgent. Rate it 9/11
,Recommended,222880,8851329,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SCAREDOFBABIES,"this game showed me that it doesn't matter if you're an islamic insurgent, or a security contractor for the US extractive industries, because you're also probably an australian guy with a misconfigured headset, and we can all learn something from that peaceout"
,Recommended,222880,10355152,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,yetifurr,It is a fun mix of Call Of Duty and Arma. Not too fast paced to where there is not a tactical feel. But not slow enough that you have to wait for the action.
,Recommended,222880,23273384,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,J o n e x,"I've had Insurgency in my library for a very long time now. I bought it soon after it released, and yet back then I didn't enjoy the state it was in and barely had 10 hours of playtime. Almost 2 years has passed and I can safely say that this is one of my favourite multiplayer shooters of all time.The sheer amount of love and attention this game has received is astounding. The developers have put in some serious work (more than any other Early Access I'm certain). There’s so much content, from official game-modes, to custom servers, to a hefty amount of workshop content.Animations are top notch, with AAA quality standards, and incredible sound design. One word I can use to describe the combat is, visceral. For those who think it’s more of a realistic shooter, it’s really not. The gameplay is a healthy balance of unrealistic and realistic. 1-2 shots can kill you, and 1-2 shots can kill enemies, but everything else about the gameplay is tailored towards being easy to understand. The HUD is pretty much non-existent. You’ll see objective markers, reserve magazines, and a basic scoreboard, but that’s about it. You will never know who killed you, and you will never know who you kill (which is actually a lot better than it sounds).Game-modes include solo missions against bots, co-op missions against bots, and classic multiplayer modes. Each of these three categories has unique game modes to choose from as well. So basically you have a ♥♥♥♥ ton of things to do for only $15. That price is also something I wanted to address because the developers New World Interactive have been EXTREMELY generous.All updates are free (and there have been plenty of them), and they've even built a WW2 mod called Day of Infamy which offers a whole new theatre of war, complete with new weapons, maps, and models. It’s still a work in progress, but there are regular updates from both the developers and the community. What’s been completed so far is more than enjoyable with numerous full servers and a very positive reception from players. It’s basically Day of Defeat Source meets Rising Storm, and I couldn't be happier with it.Insurgency is a true gem for fans of FPS games. I’ll be putting in a lot more time into a game I've come to love and developers I've come to respect. We need more things like this in the world."
,Recommended,222880,10366924,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,SnEaKy-SaUsAgE,"Insurgency is what COD or Counter Strike should've been.It has a good balance between an Aracade action game and a skilled shooting simulator.You wont survive by spraying & praying. You'll get killed pretty fast. You need to work as a team. You need to be percised.It's a more challanging game, hence, requires you to play in a more sophisticated way.Bought it as an early access game and was amazed how the Dev's updated the game so often, every few weeks. And you could really feel what had been changed. These are dedicated Dev team and I'd love to see what they bring next to this game.Hope this will be a good alternative to a more mature crowd of FPS gamers.Pew, Pew, Pew! :]"
,Recommended,222880,8336057,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ledshot,A great game where good teamwork and skill are needed to win
76561198001898346,Recommended,222880,8830066,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,NeuD_RS,good old game in new time
,Recommended,222880,8834511,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ReDeemer,"Solid tactical FPS, screams Rainbow Six/Ghost Recon coordination with Counter-Strike elements.Played the mod earlier and enjoyed the progress; with a little more polish, this game will hold itself well against AAA titles.  Gameplay itself, kick♥♥♥♥♥ Go home CoD Bros."
,Recommended,222880,10089608,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Spooky Zepsy,"""He is the Shaman, and we are his followers"" -Insurgent that I was playing withFor 23 years, the United States of America has been under oppression from the terrorists and iraqi soldiers at war. Thousands of American soldiers have been wounded or killed. In order to pay tribute to the American soldiers we've lost, a game was released to the public.It is called: Insurgency.This is our time to shine.Not as a community but,as a whole.http://youtu.be/GGD5qYQdki0"
,Recommended,222880,13634862,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Azthetik,"If you arent any good at CS:GO, and think Arma is too big? This game is the perfect inbetween and its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!"
,Recommended,222880,33180844,Posted: 3 July,all,Riexd,"This game is a blast !!!It's so realistic, addictive, fair, and of course cheap.."
,Recommended,222880,11646810,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Okami,"I like to play Hard core mode on games like BF when i want a more realistic fight, but this game, this game is awesome an takes realistic gameplay to another level (though some of these walls). Some things that need to be fixed is hitboxes on enviroment, getting caught on the doorways and the enviroments at times, also better Workshop intergration E.X. sound file replacements you have to type snd_restart (or reset) into console upon startup to get it to play the custom sound files"
,Recommended,222880,12048201,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Stone,"Fantastic product. lots of fun, either team based or solo'ing it.built on source.by far the most consistantly patched and updated game in my libarary. updates are always adding to the game.runs fantastic on midrange boxes.constant 100fps on a fx-6300@4.8ghz and a hd7950@1200mhzprobably my best purchase on steam. didn't even get it on sale to.lots of servers out there, ti's a shame i only see about one or two thousand people ingame..should have a player base the size of a AAA title like CoD... kinda thankful 99% of players aren't twelvies or squeekers though.-Stone @borderlinetactical.com.au"
,Recommended,222880,12754548,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Burned Vision,Very good and thrilling would recomend to anyone.
,Recommended,222880,12754774,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,★ Ispharel,"I've seen someone write this into a review so I thought I would add it. This game is what would happen if FPS breeding goes haywire. It's like Rainbow Six had a baby with Red Orchestra and their nanny was Counter Strike. It is simply one of the best FPS game of our time. Quick, tactical gameplay with team coordination and realistic outcomes. 1-2 bullets to kill and the best feeling shooting of ANY FPS game. That is high praise. Considering this game released right into the firing line (Gun Pun) of the likes of CS:GO and Arma. The controls are tight and responsive but still simulating your characters weight. The graphics and video quality are tremendous. There are some slight glithces here and there but it is very good looking. Everything in the game just feels good. I would like to have a way to walk instead of walking quickly so it disguises your footsteps and maybe have a way to blind fire whilst leaning towards a corner to lay down surpressing fire as supression is a big part of this game. A solid 9/10 for me and I recommend that you buy it, If you are into FPS/Mil Sim games like I am. Thanks for reading!"
76561198179266242,Recommended,222880,26497544,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,FtA.Morty,"Its gunna anger you, make you not want to play it, but you keep coming back. Its torture."
,Recommended,222880,11351599,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Slayer12Spitfire,"It's like Iraq, but with guns! Wait a minute..........."
,Recommended,222880,13978379,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Marplesauce,Very fun game to play. It is a great game to play if you are into hardcore FPS games. Make sure to check the bushes!
76561198144502946,Recommended,222880,14417588,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,KHK,"Insurgency was an impulsive buy and it was a great one. It is not realistic, but it pushes realism as far as it can at our moment in time, while still being fast-paced and fun. For a heightened experience that is honest to the game, it is very much recommended to find a clan. Insurgency was made for tactical team-play. Tension and frustration abound. There are some faults here and there, but if I was to own only one FPS, it would be Insurgency."
,Recommended,222880,19787162,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,g l i t t a,Allahu Akbar Simulator 2016
,Recommended,222880,31985929,Posted: 26 May,all,[P-01] A Garand that Cursed Be,"Outside of the realism and setting, Insurgency is extremely moddable. There are some four hundred pages plus of Workshop submissions, making the game extremely moddable. I reccomend this game to people who aren't afraid of f-bombs, and those who want a more realistic FPS game. It's like Call of Duty and Battlefield had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child, with a hint of mods."
,Recommended,222880,19535572,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Kaesebrot,"This game is like CS:GO - except for being able to aim down the sights, having less russians and more customizability of the weapons."
,Recommended,222880,19782489,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,LIL SHOELACE,"The best way to describe this game is Battlefield weapon customisation + Arma physics.This game is worth 14 euro and if it is on sale make sure to pick it up because it is definatly worth it.The game doesn't take long to get used to, I did have to change controlls a little bit and made some hotkeys, Overall I reccomend this game if you like action games."
76561198272060137,Recommended,222880,24543956,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nerdman,"Pretty realistic FPS.. I would recommend. Not a game where run&gun worksthe game has changed a lot since i first started playing it in 2010ish.. much better, i like the new DOI(day of infamy) mod that they added to the game, you have to subscribe to the workshop mod, then it changes the game, same skins and shtuff but its WW2 weapons and a handful of maps."
76561198011427235,Recommended,222880,20796290,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Metallica93,Bought this hoping to find that classic 'Battlefield' experience and not the casual bull we have now. This game delivers. Imagine a 'BF2' infantry-only server with more teamwork and tactical gameplay.That's what 'Insurgency' is. Throw in mods and it should be the gold standard for modern FPSs.
76561198219827855,Recommended,222880,19794764,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,$hrApneL,Bought this game for the sake of Socom.  It's nice reliving old memories.
,Recommended,222880,13051222,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,alienfood,stop ISIS
,Recommended,222880,16331190,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,[P$] DiRtY,"Possibly the best FPS on the market. Insurgency is lethal. If you mess up, you die. Lots of mods in the workshop and a very active community. Casual gamers beware, your face will explode. The SOCOM mod is great too."
,Recommended,222880,21443268,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,ELEKTRIQUE.,"I would want to start off by stating that Insurgency is the first multiplayer FPS game that I appreciate playing- yes, I played Counter Strike (via LAN with friends) but the physics, gameplay, and game mechanics does not meet my liking; same with Call of Duty, I like the single player mode but I do not like most of the game's multiplayer mechanics where you apply perks, radar tracking, unrealistic humam speed (considering weight from all the gears) and things like that.In Insurgency, you get to play like real men. Tactical and hands-on to say the least. You get to the action or you are done for. Physics are great, mechanics are realistic - no perks, bonuses or any BS like such. You play fairly with other players with basic loadout options given to you and balanced gear management where YOUR SKILL is your best edge.If you want realistic FPS combat, buy this game.Keyword would be REALISTIC.11/10, I don't see my self stopping to play anytime soon."
,Recommended,222880,8933249,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,w0t,Too good for me
,Recommended,222880,8932801,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Silencewalker,"Insurgencyis a medium-paced tactical shooter that defines standards for a multiplayer in MMS. It combines simplicity and realism in a way when there is no artificial obstacles between you and immersive gameplay full of tension.When you look on screenshots you may argue about textures quality, number of polygons, shaders and  stuff, but in the middle of agamecombat you don't care about textures on a crate beside you. You simply don't what to be distracted by anything because it may cost you your life. Important things like guns and characters models are well done, environment and light doesn't ruin your immersion and that's all you need, believe me or not.Same thing with sounds. Each gun has unique sound and you can tell them apart in firefight. Each situation sounds different and you can understand is that simply someone's shooting nearby or he's shooting at you specifically. Everything else like music or ambient is used appropriately and doesn't  interfere with gunfights.Entire game is built around the notion that you want to experience real firefight and all elements help you to achieve it. Bodies, blood stains and bullet holes stay on a battlefield for a while so player can figured out how someone died and realized potential threat. Ironsight mode doesn't cover a half of you screen and even doesn't bother you at all. When you are in a cover, game seamlessly shifts your weapon, so you won't shoot in an edge of your cover. Sometimes it's better to suppress enemy rather than try to kill him... This game simplyhelpsyou to think and to act as a soldier.I can't say this game is perfect because there is a several roughs and ways for improvement. For example devs should add tracer rounds ineachmag, so player can tell when it will be empty beforehand. But even in current state this game humiliates most AAA MMS. I think this is #1 shooter for Oculus Rift or other VR system."
,Recommended,222880,8100072,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,WildestWolf,"awesome game that teaches teamwork and that you cant just run in and start killing. Though the updates for it are not really coming out fast and is still in early access, the dev team have done a great job with this game and i will support them all the way! cant wait for this game to fully come out and play with tons of people."
,Recommended,222880,11604951,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,1027Christian,GREAT GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198163825593,Recommended,222880,22542119,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Head Ass Nigga,great game
,Recommended,222880,33178143,Posted: 3 July,all,キッズだよ〜,I didnt really like it but cheap
,Recommended,222880,8823409,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Alk Fauf,"I highly recommend this game, its a mix of Counter-Strike, Swat 4, Take-Down: Red Sabre. Its got a heavy tactical element where there isnt alot of shots fired unlike TF2, you get points and spend it on gear such as chest carriers, armour attachments, grenades, You can hear enemy chatter if you get close... Its really good, and one of my favourite games of all time"
,Recommended,222880,8336046,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mp Jens (>N<),"This'ms very goodings gam. I's likings, you is to tryems thise, as this'ms goodings. Very realistckt also.Remembems the olt Insurjencie, that'ws also good gam, and this'ms bettings. Figurenaitings how gooding this ams then! Ahaha."
,Recommended,222880,8343314,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Glenn [NL],"Please buy this, this is a masterpiece, let's play!"
76561197977811720,Recommended,222880,12710742,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,=OSB=CowDog=,Great Game and the price is right
,Recommended,222880,10240564,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Lion Of Sparta,"This game is probably the most realistic first person shooter out there.  Let me list a few pros/cons.----Pros----+Unmatched realism+Non-linear, open world maps+Good points/ranking system+Ironsights on a Source Engine (wow!)+No pay to win features+Good recoil, not extremely high or low+Good balance, even with customizable weapons----Cons---- (not necessarily my thoughts, but things others may dislike)-Can drag out-Some may not like the realism and prefer games like CS:GO-Can be frustrating to learn and get a feel for the game-Non linear maps make it harder to memorize map layout-No ammo count, crosshair, killfeed or killcam-You cannot be a one man army"
,Recommended,222880,16613558,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,yes,Pros+Allahu AkbarCons-Allahu Akbar
,Recommended,222880,9070227,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Brian,"I recommend this to anyone looking for a realistic, tactical shooter!Not like any other FPS's out there"
76561198051617063,Recommended,222880,13064820,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,2Tactikal,THIS GAME IS AMAZING ITS LIKE THE MOD BUT BETTEROH AND HUNT ON NIGHT MAPS ARE 2 SCARY
76561197996020872,Recommended,222880,12222578,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,standsalone_1,"ok a few pros and cons of this game as of 9/24/2014I do not want to go fully in depth with this review as i may bore some people. so i tried to highlight what hooked me.I am a prior Marine (to those keyboard warriors who think that hardcore mode on COD is the most realistic shooter)----the two first things i noticed about this is the realistic scopes/sights... where you can keep peripheral while still aiming downrange and OMG THE SOUND, its amazing, the snaps, and whizzes, etc. knowing when someone is shooting past you, at you, or at your buddy is extremely immersive. suppressing a whole building while working as a squad can definitely happen just by the famous die, mother$$$$$$$, die bursts. why? not because they see tracers, they dont. not because they see puffs of dirt exploding around them, they might not. because they can hear your rounds hitting the wall behind them or the ground outside the door... they usually panic just from the soundits not easy to aim a grenade through the window, if anyone here has thrown a grenade, its not easy when you are under stess, also the kill radius and shrapnel chances are rare in games period. when you throw a grenade, you best take cover cause, i have seen grenades kill their owners who are standing twice as far away as the person they threw it at, they got hit in a vital area by shrapnel while the enemy was able to shake it off even though they were closer.the mags keep the amount that you left it with... meaning if you shoot all but one round in a mag and dont realize it and get to that mag, well... lol this is why you make every shot count, whether its strategically suppressing and advancing in the pie or whatever but you better reload at the right time and keep track of your mags-------- there are a few things i would like improvedneeds maps with more foliage, if not that, then largernot hard to see silhouettes (majority of the time). im not saying its easy to see someone, but its not challenging enough. idk how games like Heroes and Generals does it with inferior graphics but within it you can somtimes be looking right at someone thinking it could be an enemy but maybe not, and not want to give away your position by shooting. insurgency, well, it leaves something lacking in that aspect, its hard to explain without video. something i have always been looking for since early ghost reconsno injuries or support roles in the sense of direct support, such as medics. i would like to see ARMA-like medics... not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t defib instant revive crap------- it walks a very thin line between hardcore and casual extremely well which is extremely hard to do. its not ARMA/EVE like and its definitely not COD like... its like getting a cup of coffee. many variables, type of cup, how hot the coffee is, how weak it is. sometimes its too cold, sometimes its so hot you only get one sip in within the 20 minutes before you have to work and you still burnt your tongue, and sometimes you can just blow on it for a few seconds and chug it because its just right.this game is just right. however it could use some more flavors----honestly, the first shooter i have truly enjoyed and felt excited and challenged since the mid/early 2000s... completely worth the money----if you expect to only play a few hours or expect hundreds of hours, i am confident in saying that you will not regret having played this game just so you could reference off of the ""just right"" feel of this for all future shooters."
,Recommended,222880,12834986,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Deadco.,10/10. Fun game with a definite lerning curve. It is realistic but is not on the level of realism such as Red Orchestra but is still more realistic than CS. Short review. If you are curious buy it or wait for a humble bundle or another free weekend. Decent community but this game is not for everyone. Definitely worth checking out.
,Recommended,222880,12147995,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,[REDi]1R REC Korst,"This game has unforgiving bullet damage, you get shot you're likely to die fast. Shots to the torso do about two to three times the weapon's actual damage, with limb shots taking about point-nine of the damage value.Modes are:I don't play these much:- Counter Strike meets Battlefield! Fight over points with respawns only on captures for your respective teams.- A mode similar to the above, except with bases to defend that allow you to respawn 'till the base is destroyed.I play this mostly:- Cooperative! An oddity these days, team up and complete missions against some of the most frustrating artificial (despite acting like dickish humans) intelligence you'll see in the current age of whack-a-mole imitators modern shooters call AI. They RPG you to hell and back if you stand too close to team-mates. They employ molotov spamming to get your fat♥♥♥♥♥♥out of cover. If you don't clear respawn zones, bots will be spawn camping and insta-kill your whole team.Whatever game mode, communication rules the battle, if your team is posted up and covering right, no one will ever touch you. If you leave gaps, fail to call contacts, grenades, dead people or even a fleeing foe, people will die. It might be you, it might be an ally; but they will die.Game is great fun, plenty of spectator time when you begin. Learn from other players instead of tabbing out to youtube and you'll spend less time waiting to respawn, or might even save the game for your squad."
,Recommended,222880,10925431,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Stache.,"Pros:-The steam workshop integration just makes it even better, from getting new maps to skinning your guns vibrant purple, youre bound to find something you like.-GUNSGUNSGUNS, AND ATTACHMENT CHOICES TOO!-A+ Sound, like wow, the weapons sound fantastic, Explosions are Bassy, Ricochets sound real, its amazing sound design.-Moving as a Squad proves itself to bee the number one way to win in this game, very rarely does Lone Wolfing it work.-Lots of Class choice, from Sniper, Demolitions, Breacher, Standard Rifleman and so on-Does everything good that ""Americas Army"" did wrong-once again IMMERSION, YOU FRICKIN FEEL LIKE YOURE GETTING SHOT AT. YOU SAY ROGER LIKE YOURE A REAL SOLDIER, YOURE MILITARY VOCABULARY WILL GROW I PROMISE.Cons:-Map choice lacking-Like always More guns is good, Maybe a M4 Carbine (Mk18 is kinda meh) and a few more choices of SR/DMR and AR's-It would be nice if the armor choice you chose (Light armor, heavy armor, no armor) affected the way your fighter looked.-No localized Voice over, it would be better if the Insurgents spoke Farsi, because i mean really, any run of the mill G.I soldier wouldnt understand the callouts of the Insugents in real life.My Rundown :Honestly its one of the most immersive and one of the most fun tactical FPS' i have ever played.Shots cracking on the walls, and bullets zipping past your ears have never felt so real,sure its not the prettiest game I've ever seen, but it makes do. and it does so very well. Tactical Realism is something that alot of games tr to capitalize on, but Insurgency and the team behind it hit the nail on the head. in short its basically the action of games like ""CSGO"" and ""Day of Defeat mixed with the tactical realism of ""ARMA"" And SOCOM"" If you have the money to spend, and are looking for a fantastic fps game then spend it on this, and get it for your buddies too, the COOP is hella fun.So yes, i highly reccomend you try this , plus right now its only 9$ (June 28th/14) ! WHY NOT TRY IT ?"
,Recommended,222880,11749096,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Flufgun,"This game is unforgiving.It may still be an arcade shooter, but with elements from games such as Red Orchestra, CounterStrike, Rainbow 6 and plenty of others that I'm sure I'm forgetting, it is a very interesting and refreshing take on an otherwise bland genre.The lack of a progression system, minimal HUD and just general shooter mechanics make it both a more tactical and slow paced shooter, as well as the new coop mode bringing another side into the experience. I imagine I will play many more hours of this game from here on out.Cooperation in both multiplayer and coop modes is essential, and if you don't work with your team you are almost guaranteed to die. This adds another level of goodness to this already very solid FPS.The only negative (apart from genre critisisms) that I can think of is that of the bugginess that I have experienced- alt-tabbing causes my mouse to dissapear and makes class selection nigh impossible, the game is very slow to start and load, it crashes often- however on a different computer these issues were all nonapparent.Overall, this is a very good game and if these reasons sound appealing at all to you, I would implore you to spend $15 (or even less on sale) on this great game."
,Recommended,222880,13347259,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,A Thin Blue Line,yeah yeah yeah yeeeeeaaaah-Bono
,Recommended,222880,8692346,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,[GW] Killnaytor™,"This game is really really really good... And also super addicting.. Yes, it is not as realistic as ARMA but, it is still quite hardcore. the gun battles in this game are really intense and that what makes this game what it is.. And the best part, It has CO-OP as well as Multiplayer and it is Hardcore realistic game and dont forget FPS... Now what else do you want?"
,Recommended,222880,8812347,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Sup3rKrak3r,"Great emphasis on teamwork.  Guns feel great, great sense of intensity once the bullets start to fly.  And not too shabby on the eyes.  Overall a great experience, would definately recommend this to anyone who enjoys a good tactical fps."
,Not Recommended,222880,29917844,Posted: 14 February,all,Fenkaze,"Been playing this game almost everyday for 76 hours already, until the latest update came out. I'd recommend this game before, but not anymore. It's been great times and lots of fun in this game. But, the ""BattleEye update"" ruined it all. I would love to return to this game when the developers fixes the current issue. Till then, farewell, Insurgency."
76561197985599207,Recommended,222880,17623290,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Canisgendered Translabradog,"Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, eat your heart out."
76561198015450790,Recommended,222880,8909450,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,John Snow,"i'm not gonna write a lengthy review for this game, reason because this game offers me the FPS feeling i always desired but never actually got from any game, this game combines the realism of combat, with features adapted from alot of fps shooters ( cs, arma, bf, red orchestra) and blends in perfectly"
,Recommended,222880,28826472,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"One of the best war games i've ever played! 1000/10PROS:Beautiful graphics ♥Realistic as ♥♥♥♥ gameplay ♥Not pay 2 win ♥Lots of gamemodes ♥1 hit kill everybody xD ♥Bought this for like 50 cents or 1 euro, I dont even remember, but, its sick! ♥CONS:Wtf are u doin here m8? buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game NOW ♥"
,Recommended,222880,13958986,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,mediator1,"Даже если ты зайдёшь за Американцев, то кричи Аллаху акбар , так как все твои тиммеиты тоже это кричат и вы выиграете. Лучше я ничего не видел!!!11 АЛЛАХ АКБАРОВ ИЗ 10"
,Recommended,222880,118002,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Tr3b0r,"I remember the original Insurgency Mod...good times.This still needs a lot of work as it's still in it's early stages, but based on what I've seen and been playing so far, it will be brilliant.Buy it - help a small dev out!Re-review as of 31/12/2014:As mentioned above, I reviewed this originally in the early access and from what I saw, it was going to be good. I can now confirm that the game is absolutely epic, and it improved upon the original mod in every single way possible. It also regualrly gets updates too, which keep adding cool new content, and improve things here and there.Buy it!"
,Recommended,222880,10964525,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,[TAW] Avguste,"I played it a bit in early alpha/access and didn't like it. Came back to it a few weeks ago and I love it. Tactical, realistic, teamwork oriented.For those that played Americas Army 1/2 and don't like Americas Army 3/Proving Ground, check Insurgency.  You will love it."
,Recommended,222880,13895099,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,CosminZeed,A good realistic Shooter!
,Recommended,222880,11016106,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Monty B.,"You're going room to room, checking every corner and nookey as you creep towards the objective. Silence. Suddenly, faded gunshots in the distance. You move forward, sprinting to cross the final gap. You take place behind a small shop counter, waiting for the capture to complete.You hear footsteps. They stop suddenly. Your heart starts to beat harder. You get onto your knees to peek. Four terrorists stand there, waiting for you. You hit the dirt hard as one walks towards you. You ready your finger and pull the trigger once. Twice. Five times as he falls to the ground. You get up and try to take them out as they struggle to hit you due to the element of surprise. You get hit once, making your aim high impossible.Two down, another down thenYou crumple over, your bloodied head fallen into your bleeding chest. You died.Your heart continues to pump, breathing hard. You start to cry.Welcome to Insurgency."
,Not Recommended,222880,29838882,Posted: 10 February,all,The Menstrual Persuader,"This game used to be really good but recently the devs announced they were leaving it to focus on the sequel. Normally this would be fine but they purposefully broke the game to force users to install 3rd party software not part of the game. They introduced new bugs that cause certain settings to be lost and broken game connection UI/methods. Their ""fix"" is to install 3rd party software to ""negate"" these issues or use key words and tags in the old Steam Server Browser (that don't work) to bypass the now broken game connection UI. Classic it's not a bug it's a feature BS. When reporting issues the devs became very hostile to users who were unhappy with the problems and issues the hotfix introduced.I had been excited for the sequel but after the last year and dealing with the aggressive and dismissive support for the game when problems arose I don't want to support these developers anymore. Will they pull their heads out of their back sides and address the issues? Time will tell but I can't recommend a game where the developers have injected issues, dumped the game and tried to leave the ownus on the players to work around the problems they introduced.The situation is sadly a bit bait and switch as well as why people pirate. Paid users get abused and are forced to jump through hoops while those who pirate get a superior product because all the mechanisms that abuse the user have been removed. Also similar to paid mobile app scams where someone releases a program and after so many sales they release an update to it that basically wipes the program by replacing the version that works with a 0k binary file. While not as extreme it's along the same lines where they intentionally crippled the game unless you willingly install 3rd party software. Slightly ransomewareish...100% dirty.More problematic is there are lots of users flaming people who are unhappy with this that once again push consumer rights issues where by younger people who see these problems as acceptable norms fuel companies abuse and leave people who are affected and ripped off by these practices a vocal minority.This whole situation has also made me more leery about Steam in general. We no longer have the option to not keep games up to date meaning devs can overwrite our data at will and Steam has gone from being a solid distribution platform to the PC version of Nintendo Wii shovelware distribution."
,Recommended,222880,34075493,Posted: 6 August,all,Loyalists™,good game
,Recommended,222880,8822538,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Hanosandy,"An amazing game based of 1-2 shot kills, tactical gameplay, custimizable weapons, but most of all a great community.  If you miss the old days of Rainbow Six and Rogue Spear...this is the game for you.  I can't praise it high enough.  It has come an incredible way since the days when it was a mod in 2006/2007, it plays like a different game than those days.  The tactical team play is amazing, and the community to me is the biggest surprise...  once again, can't compliment it enough.  Find some buddies, get this game, and hop in a server together - you'll have a blast.  :)"
,Recommended,222880,11597120,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Outlaw,It's like Counter Strike only you can aim and there aren't a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥holes who want you to watch them masturbate all day while they twirl like balarenas and awp only.
,Recommended,222880,8863152,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,FrEaKiN' iT,"Most fun I've had with a modern shooter since forever. I played as an insurgent and blew up the entire enemy team with C4 while yelling 'Aloha Snackbar' with LumpeeMalk (but we're not racist). Then I played as Americans in co-op and had fun using the snipers and tactically communicating with teammates. Most of it was yelling stuff like ""Yeeeah 'Murica. Gon' f*ck that sh*t up!"" but it seemed to scare the enemy team.10/10 still playing since Alpha."
,Recommended,222880,8238786,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,esampson24,Afghanistan Simulator 2014!!!!Very strategetic.  Teamwork is key here.9.5/10
,Recommended,222880,11618774,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Fuego Johnson,"Insurgency isn't just one of the best shooters i've played recently, it's one of the best i've ever played period. Mixing extreme realism and tactics from games like Counter-Strike with intense, squad based action from titles like Battlefield, Insurgency delivers a relatively unique FPS experience for a very small price.To be honest I wasn't sure if I would like this game at first. I read several reviews first, which really didn't get me any more excited. While they were all positive, they highlighted the extreme realism of the game which I generally don't enjoy. The FPS games i've enjoyed(and played) the most over the years have been Halo, Call of Duty, and Battlefield, and I have never been a big fan of games like Counter-Strike. Because of this I was a little hesitant to give Insurgency a shot. Luckily, Steam was having a 50% off, free play weekend and I decided to download it. So, for anyone who feels like I do, definitely give Insurgency a shot because it really is an enjoyable experience.Gameplay in Insurgency uses a various mix of old and new objective based game-modes that many FPS veterans will recognize, and teams are squad based, somewhat like Battlefield. Each team has two squads, one for assult purposes and one labeled something along the lines of recon. The different squads on each team have varying classes which affect the types of weapons you may use as well as the way you play the game. There is no meta-game in Insurgency like there is in Call of Duty or Battlefield; everyone starts out with all attachments and equipment unlocked. You only have so many points available for your loadout, however,  so sacrifices will need to be made. Want to use a 4x scope on your AK? Then you will probably have to give up either your sidearm or grenade slot. The point system feels very balanced, and nobody in game ever feels overpowered. Gunplay is extremely fun and realistic, making the player feel like they are actually firing a real weapon. Every gun has plenty of recoil though, meaning you can't constantly fire full auto like you would in a game like COD. This entire game can be considered in ""hardcore"" mode, with no HUDs, hit markers, or kill confirmations. That, mixed with realistic recoil, quick player deaths, and friendly fire make Insurgency feel like the closest thing to the real deal in FPS games today. Being shot at is scary as hell too, with tons of supression effects and loud noises that get you jumping out of your chair.Next, i'll discuss the online elements of this game. Being a multiplayer only title, Insurgency focuses heavily on team work and role playing. At the start of the game, it's always best to try and select the role that fits your playstyle best, if available. Want to suppress and kill enemies from afar? Then the rifleman or sniper classes may be best suited for you. Want to push up on the front lines and capture objectives? Well, you may want to look into the fighter, grenadier or engineer classes. Optimizing your role for a specific map or game-mode will ultimately make you a more effective fighter, and give your team a better chance to win. Every mode in Insurgency has some sort of objective, meaning no deathmatch modes here. If you don't enjoy objective based games then Insurgency may not be for you, although selecting the right class and role may allow you to play the way you usually do. Games tend to move a bit slower in this game compared to other FPS titles, mostly due to the fact that dying can be a major penalty to your team. For COD players, think Search and Destroy. Insurgency is very unique in one aspect, however, and that is the spawn system. Each team has a ""wave"" of available spawn times, reiterating every 60 seconds. At the end of that 60 second counter, if you died, you will spawn back into the game. Waves aren't unlimited, though, meaning once your team runs out of waves you are dead until the round is over, much like Search and Destroy. Capping points on the map will gain your team extra waves, which becomes crucial if your team has run out. This can allow your team to get back into the game and make a comeback.Now, I realize that's a lot of info to cover, so if you skipped ahead, let me recap(in order):1. Very affordable for such a quality game2. Similar in style to a game like Counter-Strike. I don't like Counter-Strike, but I love this game.3. Game modes are objective based. No deathmatch.4. Teams are squad based, with each squad having it's own unique roles or classes5. No meta game. Every player starts with the same loadout options, which is controlled by supply points.6. Features a ""hardcore only"" gameplay approach. No HUD, no kill confirmations, realistic gun recoil, fast deaths, friendly fire.7. Games are very team oriented, meaning teamwork is generally required to do well.8. Optimizing your role will make you and your team more successful.9. Uses a very unique spawn system, called waves, where dead players can spawn back into the game at the end of a 60 second countdown. Waves are limited.If any of that sounds awesome to you, and at least some of it should, then definitely check this game out. I can already tell i'm going to dump a ton of hours into it, and with a $7.50 pricetag on sale(or $15 normally, which I would still pay) this may turn out to be one of my best bang-for-your-buck purchases. Note that this game is in some sort of weird ""finished beta"" mode, meaning the devs are still working on it, but they consider it a relatively finished product. Regardless, it runs great for the most part, and is incredibly fun. Take advantage of the free weekend, and see if this game is for you."
,Recommended,222880,12925674,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Joey,This game is very good and nice I like it it's pretty well done I enjoy it very much and well I think you will too if you like these kinds of games anyways to sum up my thoughts on this very nice and well done game I would say it is one of the better games on steam right now probably as well as other good games that are not this game.
,Recommended,222880,10855913,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,A_Typical_Noob,"If you enjoyed any variation of the Counter Strike series, buy this game. Right now."
,Recommended,222880,12205542,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Jimmakos,"Insurgency,a really good FPS action game and how you can tell that? it's a  NO crosshair  game, one in a few out there maybe finger countable.Reminded me a lot that i was certainly playing Arma sometimes, but in a kind of more realistic and closed tactical form on some really cool looking area maps where a game like BF good provide.So i'll have to split it up on something in the middle since it can provide you the simulator style and some of his features with a quick stressig action game of kill and not get killed.I've seen the game on its best, i've definitely seen the game on its worst while you can hear a lot saying the game was really good before the spring molotov update and had a good point where the devs could lead on,but for me it was just plain that time,the game was out only a few months...how many times i've cursed myself for not being able to enjoy the game after it though... a few things that bugged the hell out of me but thank god they fixed them all [the particles affects was a joke,included weapons and grenades effects(smoke,incendiary) made the game perform like♥♥♥♥♥♥animations?! AI oh what can i tell!.. a few bugged weapons some silly textures and a long list of faults that they fixed with the passage of time].The game has some really cool assets like the weapon models,textures are pretty good actually i don't really like their animations but their sounds are pretty awesome(then workshop support popped out),one of their best work was the mapping which for me its the games top,the game runs on the latest version of source's engine so it's super optimized making the dumbest pc's like mine could run it but but it also have its limitations.In conclusion because i could easily write down a huge wall of text for the game, a definitely worth trying..., playing coop or pvp how matter you like it can still give you the pleasant and make you play over again with your friends.Im goin in..."
76561197995792840,Recommended,222880,11243052,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Hoggs Bison,"This game is phenomenal. Easily the best tactical FPS game I've ever played. This opinion was strengthened for me after playing CoD and Battlfield 4 - those games seem almost heartless in comparison, with an emphasis on ""collecting"" and giving the player crutches to make their gaming experience easier for quicker gratification.Insurgency rewards you for bringing in well thought out long-term strategy, as well as quick-thinking, on the spot tactics. Team work is paramount, and the side that communicates effectively will more often than not defeat a team that does not.I also love the lack of User Interface, kill cams and any updates as to who has killed who - it means you need to rely on your own wits, observation and team communication to know who is still alive, how many of the enemy are left and how many shots you have remaining in that last clip on your belt... Also, not tanks that take 5 shots to the dome to finally cark it. Armour helps a little, but a bullet to the brain will take you out pretty nicely.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥- just buy this game, and see what a good FPS experience is like!"
,Recommended,222880,12455086,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,PhantomNoz,Its Awesome!
,Recommended,222880,9895308,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,shirou,":It is a seamless blend of realism and fun.-------- pros- realistic environments- good gun control and feel- low health-------- cons- extreme difficulty curve--------- warnings- the community is very volatile and most are toxicThis game takes a realistic approach to the shooting genre, with a middle eastern conflict theme.The environments seem realistic and believable for the situation. When using mic chat unless they are in your squad it is based on distance. Including the enemy if they are close they can hear your mic chatter. This is pretty cool and allows for information interception and group strategy.You have a very low amount of health, this makes it more realistic. To slightly increase your health you can purchase body armor but at best this can give you one or two more hits. Because your health is so low it encourages tactical game play. This is a good change and i would like more games like this on the market.The guns seem close to their rel life counter parts. They also seem like they have a good amount of power to them. It feels good to fire these guns they sound powerful and the recoil isn't over exaggerated,But this game's realism comes at a cost, when you first begin the game it feels like an act in futility.The tactical game play is something that most shooter fans will need adjustment to, coupled with short lives causes it to have a very steep learning curve.over all this is an 8/10"
,Recommended,222880,8368264,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Stanok,REKOMENDUJY TACTICAL DYNAMIC SHOOTER
76561198048658364,Not Recommended,222880,20728241,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Alpacalypse,"I can say with full honesty that this game is BAD. The community is the most toxic thing I have ever ♥♥♥♥ing seen. Think CSGO X5. People are constantly ♥♥♥♥♥ing about how bad the players on their team are. Any new players raising complaints about the game are met with scorn and disgust by the masses of egotistical scumbags polluting the servers. The only thing I enjoy about this game is the Day of Infamy mod (WWII mod, basically), and that just plays like an inferior Verdun. EDIT: It's now a full game. If you REALLY need a modern shooter, go for it. But, be warned. Your teammates will be absolute cancerous scumbags, you'll be sniped at by people who are nearly invisible because the lighting makes doorways blacker than a minstrel show in Chicago, and the learning curve is INCREDIBLY steep. EDIT: Hitboxes have gotten progressively worse; people can now shrug off 3-4 direct hits from AP ammunition. Most of the maps seem to desaturate past 100 feet, meaning snipers will have a ♥♥♥♥ing party shooting you, while it's very likely you won't be able to see them unless you've memorized the maps. If you're looking for a realistic tactical shooter to pass your time, I'd recommend Verdun over this any day of the week.EDIT: For those of you new to Steam, allow me to assess the ""Was this review helpful"" system: If you don't recommend a very popular game, your review will be flooded by negative votes regardless of review quality. The opposite also applies. And, since Insurgency has so many almost cult-like fanboys, it's most definitely the case."
,Recommended,222880,8718164,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Jolly | On Laptop,Want Realism But not The painFully Annoying Controls Of other War FPS?Get Insurgency
,Recommended,222880,30104675,Posted: 22 February,all,YO,Cheap but awesome game! Like if u agree!
,Recommended,222880,11175364,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,RunawayDanish,"Insurgency is something of a love and hate kind of game, a solid back and forth between arguing with badguys with machineguns and tossing RPG's in hopes that someone may stop arguing back.The best parts of Insurgency come from CoOp, which can be a slow paced, high intensity crawl across diverse urban and rural maps. Problems with the game include not being able to shoot while jumping, occasionally completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t AI on CooP (and local Practice), and bad level design on occasion. AI in CoOp likes to sling RPG's directly into your spawn point at times, and has a tendency to be able to shoot you with lethal precision despite the top 2 inches of their heads being the only visible part of them. CoOp is unforgiving on most servers, and even when the AI is set to Easy they will march around dominating the map like T-800's.While not as solid a Tactical multiplay shooter, Insurgency offers some satisfying gameplay. Making a tough shot is worth it, and visibility is critical to effective kills. Still, multiplayer is often underpopulated and lacks the faster-paced fun of much more fun-seeking multiplayer games (even counterstrike manages to get a little more excitement then an average Insugency multiplay game).All in all, the game is for you if you're attracted to a punishing CoOp and multiplay experience characterized by good attention to gun play mechanics, lots of real upgrades and designations for weapons, and that sweet sweet sound of 7.62x39 liberating bloody holes in the heads of those that would challenge you."
,Recommended,222880,9163386,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Crimsonted,"Insurgency (TFPS) Tactical First Person Shooter------------------------------A True Tactical Shooter. This game is very realistic in a special way. All I really have to say is try it yourself if you choose to.------------------------------------------DONT GET THIS GAME IF YOU ARENT PATIENTIF YOU ARENT PATIENT AND GET THIS GAME, YOU BETTER BE REALLY GOOD AT IT."
76561198149188122,Recommended,222880,12696667,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,K3yPuP™Jok3R,worth every penny xD
,Recommended,222880,12911104,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,TheAndrew1987,like counter-strike but more realistic
,Not Recommended,222880,28195233,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Handy Man Kira,"I like how the game started.  It was supported, constantly updated, and interactive with the community.  Now they're releasing mod sas standalone games, just so they can make more money.  The engine isn't even updated for the mod that was announced as standalone, nothing is updated, just reskinned, and removed some insurgency assets.  They let the fact that they were good dev's go to their head, now they're just greedy.  Oh Well, it was fun while it lasted, I'm done supporting/donating to these guys....."
76561198081180047,Not Recommended,222880,34019451,Posted: 4 August,all,Seyelent,"Ok, so I guess you already read a lot of positive reviews stating this game is awesome, hardcore, immersive, etc etc etc... But now you are here, and you are here because deep in your heart you know, or you're afraid, that this game could be your umpteenth dissapointment.First of all, let me clarify: actually this game could be very good and yes, it's really immersive, but sadly there are a lot of cons that overshadow the pros.Extreme camping.No! Don't even start with ""but camping in this game is justified 'cause this game is realistic and blah blah blah""! I'm not talking about some sort of ""tactical camping"", I'm talking about people camping in the same spot for the entire match, not even trying to help the team capture the objectives.Spawn killing/rpg spamming.Example: 1. choose the map called ""Sinjar""; 2. pick the insurgent side; 3. select the rocketeer class; 4. lie down on the hill; 5. shoot your rocket directly against the enemy spawn building; 6. repeat the points 4 and 5 as many times as possible; 7. win.Umbalanced maps/bad map design.This point is linked to the previous one: every map is insurgent side, I'm not lying! Now, I understand that the attackers have to cooperate, communicate, play as a team, but the maps always act against you. In Sinjar, for instance, the insurgents spawn on the high ground and the secutiry forces at the very bottom. Just keep on repeating ""use smoke grenades, use smoke grenades"" all day long, but still this map design makes no sense!Community.It's not as bad as other ones (cs:go is way worse), it may vary from time to time. But there are days it gets unbearable (people using microphone just to yell nonsense or ""allah akbar"" all the time).Developers.It's hard to believe that, but those dev's have almost abandoned this game to create another one that takes place in the World War 2... Seriously! They abandoned what could be one of the best modern fps out there to do the umpteenth WWII shooter (called Day of Infamy), right around the time Call of Duty: WWII is about to be released. Death wish???Low playerbase.K/d stats and tiers.Ok, this is kinda ridiculous. This game has no ranked, also it revolves around taking objectives and preventing the enemy team to take them (back). Now, somebody tell me why on the earth those dev's thought it was a good idea to add kill/death stats and tiers like bronze, silver and gold! This results in people playing only for their k/d ratio even though it doesn't mean anything! And yeah, I know your stats are hidden, but it doesn't matter: for the most (people used to play games like CoD) it's a psychological issue!I'm not going to talk about graphics, sound and stuff like that, they're all acceptable to me (bear in mind the game was released in 2014). Regarding the single player modes, well, they are boring and the AI is pretty stupid (you can tell that from the very beginning of the match when your ally bots start moving out of the spawn).And this is it. The game is not bad per se, actually it could be one of the best, but for a lot of reasons it isn't fun. To me, the more I play it the more it gets frustrating.N.B.I ""only"" have 100 hours at the time I'm writing this ""review"". I know what some of you may think: that this is not enough to criticize a game like this. I don't agree. The problems are obvious, to such an extent that everytime I play I have the impression I'm playing against the game itself, rather than the opponents.But whatever your opinion may be, if you want to comment down below, please do it politely. Thanks."
76561198052947818,Not Recommended,222880,30425312,Posted: 10 March,all,Sam The Man,"In 235 hours of playtime I have only encountered a single hacker. This game never had any hacker problems, that I'm aware of. And now, more than three years after release they made it mandatory to install a third party anti-cheat software and out of all options available, they chose BattlEye. This software has a terrible reputation for a reason and if you refuse to install it, you won't be able to play on any PVP servers. You can still play against bots in COOP, if that's any consolation. It just feels so unnecessary."
,Recommended,222880,16179892,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,SavagePavich,"First and foremost, I want to state what I see as painfully obvious before writing any further.This is a great FPS and a plain old fun time. I absolutely recommend it.There hasn't been many games that I've played that have blended the two worlds of arena and tactical shooters as satisfyingly as Insurgency has. There are bits and pieces of Call of Duty, AA, Counter Strike, Red Orchestra and even ARMA. What does this create? A experience unlike any other (or, at least any that I've come to know).Firefights in this game are of ridiculous intensity. Your vision is distorted when being supressed and the SFX smashes your ears. Lasers, flashlights, explosions and small arms fire cut through your nightvision goggles during nighttime missions to an almost blinding level.Teamwork is essential in this game and surprisingly enough the majority of the community recognizes this.I don't think I've had a ""bad"" experience with other players in this game. A lot of light-hearted fun over the mics goes along nicely with a level of seriousness when it comes to actual gameplay. It's actually quite refreshing.The maps are also expertly crafted and are immensly fun to take part in. They quite typically range from medium to CQ combat so you're practically guaranteed to be on your toes at all times. Never a dull moment indeed.Overall I'd give this game a solid 7-8/10 as it stands right now.I still feel like it needsmorecontent (guns please!) but the devs have already shown that they actually do follow and care for their small community of players. I have no worries at all.Great job, NW Interactive."
,Recommended,222880,13326442,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,sneet,I love this game.
76561198070302483,Recommended,222880,8962432,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,The Muffin Man,"For a while I had being trying to find a fun methodic shoot I found BF too arcady and arma 3/2 clunky. However this game does want I also wanted. It does not tell you if killed someone, also the way you move with your gun feels smooth and the community likes to talk to each other.However there are a couple bugs like the game crashing after changeing the resolution. In addtion the the grahics are very poor. But these problems do not get in the way of having fun. Something that in many games can only be had when you play wit your friends. Although I think it is best to end on the note that I don't think this game is for everyone. If you want a dumb shooter then this is not for you."
,Recommended,222880,9160806,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Milkshake,"It's been inhabitting my life for the past few days. I can't get enough of the random pop shots from Insurgents. And the random outbursts of ""GET THE ♥♥♥♥ DOWN"" from the good ole Marines. Highly recommend this game. Well worth the 15 bucks."
76561198015511558,Recommended,222880,13193124,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,killerllama,"Great game, hours of fun once you get the hang of game types and play style.Love the realism, so if you love COD this might not be the game for you."
76561198067592867,Recommended,222880,15789171,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,stevedave718,"Most realistic FPS I've come by, good AI, good community."
76561198088173895,Recommended,222880,14287241,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,OG_Negro_PolarBear,Damn son this is some good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222880,18879802,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,QRG,"Great game, Good mechanics, good straightforward, no-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t shooter for whoever is craving more realism and less twitching than CS:GO (which was always my case).Aim down the sights, take your time, breathe in, and accomplish different goals with your team.Oh, and don't die."
,Recommended,222880,14610777,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,gRAPEjuice,"Quite simply, this is my favorite FPS game of all time.  I have been playing Insurgency since it was a mod and the new stand alone truly takes it to the next level.  For anyone who wants the best of a fast-paced shooter with true-to-life combat mechanics, Insurgency is where it's at!Whether you live PVP or coop, each is well worth the money on it's own, so getting everything that the developers have put into it for such a reasonable price is proof alone to why you NEED to pick this game up."
,Recommended,222880,16803611,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Culiacan,"I really enjoy this game, it is very tactical and at most time I catch myself fully submerged into the gameplay. You get alot for what you're spending."
,Recommended,222880,18779815,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,HeX,"UnderGroundPowernow owns InsurgencyTake to the streets for intense close quarters combat, where a team's survival depends upon securing crucial strongholds and destroying enemy supply in this multiplayer and cooperative Source Engine based experience. The follow-up game to the award-winning Source mod,Insurgencyis highly competitive and unforgivingly lethal, striking a balance between one-life gameplay and prolonged action."
76561198061840812,Recommended,222880,18605860,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,flrn,I love this game.
,Recommended,222880,11074542,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Karajuan csgolive.com,♥♥♥♥♥♥vet spel
,Recommended,222880,14089776,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,colepomeroydrum,"This game is far from any Call of Duty, Battlefield, or Counter Strike type of game or gameplay. Insurgency gives you a real feel for real combat. This game horrifies you in your first hours of play while getting shot at by the insurgents, or fleeing for your life surviving from soldiers. This game supresses any renewed themes and messages portrayed by any big name shooter whether it pit you during the day, or night. I suggest this game to any player wanting more from the average shooter game. Easily 10/10. Well done New World Interactive. My only regret is not buying it sooner."
,Recommended,222880,14114799,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,D.Morok,Red Orchestra in Modern World
,Recommended,222880,9114869,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,McNugget Buddies,0/10 needs more shrek
,Recommended,222880,8962543,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,hammyhamm!,"Having played Insurgency many years ago as a Source mod(back in 2007!!!), I was curious to see if it had evolved to the point of being a game worth buying in it's own right - and I wasn't let down.Insurgency plays as a cross between the arcadey, high action flow of Counterstrike and the unforgiving brutality Red Orchestra 2. You essentially are given varying objectives to accomplish and  a modest set of weapon and loadout options to choose from - which is handy, because if you are bad at FPS games you will be using the majority of your time in spectator, playing around with it. Bullets from high-powered rifles tend to one-hit-kill you if they manage to bypass whatever kevlar you have equipped and you will feel very, very vulnerable when moving between buildings.Playing this game is the first time in a while I've actually been grinning playing an FPS for many, many years. The lethality of the firearms makes moving from point to point tense, your decisions matter and your reaction times are crucial.Notably, it doesn't suffer the superfluous unlocking and premium mechanics of the Battlefields of the day, your killstreaks don't earn you an attack-dog airstrike, which brings me to my next point:Everyone,EVERYONEis on an even keel, and it's all down to how well you play. Or how badly you play, as when you die you will be spectating your comrades playing and teasing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them in group chat, or using the spare time to tweak your loadout to better match the pace of the combat.I'm happy to say that this is well worth the small price - buy the four-pack, give them to your buddies and pretend it's 2002 at a Counterstrike LAN.EDIT: Almost forgot. It has COOP play too!8/10+Solid, no frills FPS action+Brutal combat, tense and frantic gameplay+COOP reminds me of Vietcong 2, good fun- Source graphics nothing to write home about (but who cares)- Do not get this if dying frustrates you"
,Recommended,222880,10761071,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Okyaku-sama Dozo ! ! !,"Have you ever wanted to kill middle easterners who were retaliating because a foreign nation invaded them on false pretenses?  Look no further, you can kill third world scum with this game!"
,Recommended,222880,14316702,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,♛ Recneps999 ♛,"If you want to play a realistic FPS buy this game. The most realistic fps , whit free dlc being released from the DEVs.Realistic , Fun, Tactical, ETC.. I Recommend"
,Recommended,222880,14085599,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Humma Kavula,"the gamemodes are maybe no original but have a nice twist how spawning works... and i find them more tense than counterstrike... great loadout system, and the best thing is there is no unlocking crap!!almost no hudno text kill confirmationdeadly weaponspretty for a source engine game"
76561198078147588,Recommended,222880,14106119,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Epicblazer (MAGA!),Killed about 5 people with an RPG.-Allahu Akbar!11/10Would play again.
,Recommended,222880,14317113,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Akaeno,"The best realistic FPS I have played thus far! Not only is it the best FPS I have played yet, but it also is a quarter of the cost of an actual game sitting at $15. Without a doubt anyone looking at this game should get it!"
76561198120360504,Recommended,222880,16810505,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sombra,"Had enough of firefights that end in your death after you unloaded a shotgun blast to yourenemy's chest? Which they survived as if nothing had happened?If you have a taste for realistic, slower-paced, tactical-oriented FPS, then this is the game for you. :)What is it really? Well, imagine if older Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon title had a love child with Operation Flashpoint, with it's auntie and uncle being Rainbow Six and Arma III.One of the best, most balanced and cleverly done multiplayer ""military"" FPS experiences that you can find.Pure multiplayer, no sp campaign.You are either a part of the Security team (counter terrorist team), or an Insurgent (balaclava wearing guerilla fighters).There are lots of modes for you to play and to have fun with, with and against living players from all around the world.Some of the more interesting ones include ""Ambush"" (basically, elimination of a VIP, or getting him to an extractionpoint before he bites the dust), Strike (assault and destroy the other team's weapon's caches), Occupy (hold down a fortified position), or competitive matchmaking (take the objectives or wipe out enemy team).There is a very fun co-op mode too, however, it works best when there's a whole lot of you.Some of the most important pros and cons --(+)-Numerous game modes.-Realistic and intense feeling overall.-Weapons beahve realistically - muzzle, recoil, reloading, etc. No default crosshair is included! You have to make do with your rifle's optics.-Enemies die very quickly, usually after one or two shots. So do you. R6 style.-Lots of classes for you to pick. Every one of the perfectly balanced. Your performance DOES NOT depend onthe class you pick.-Music, ambient sounds, explosions and gunshots sound real enough to shake you out of your boots. Or pants. Or whatever.-Solid soundtrack.-You can carry only as much as an average human being can take. Selecting the right gear is a part of the tactics.- Objectives ARE important, usually the best way to achieve victory.- Maps are cleverly designed, and there is a considerable freedom of movement.- Solid, intense (and a slightly hilarious) tutorial.- Usually friendly community.Now, as with everything in life, there are some faults...(-)-Graphics, textures and level of detail are not spectacular.-Inconsistencies in gameplay. In certain game modes, you often end up in a situation when you don't firea single shot. or the round ends within 20 seconds. This is especially true for Ambush (VIP protection) and competitive matches.-Weapon diversity is not that great.-No possibility to restock on arms, or to change your loadout until you're dead or the next round starts.-No single player campaign. Multiplayer is great fun, although some well-structured sp missions would certainlybe a benefit.However, the final verdict is still --- awesomeness.If you're looking for a good game to bond with your band of brothers during a firefight, or for an intense andrealistic multiplayer experience (rarely seen since the days of the old Flashpoint),this is the game for you! :)"
76561198013076071,Recommended,222880,28790898,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lordcirth,"Really nice FPS, guns feel solid and real, sound is nice, getting shot kills you really fast, no killcam so sniping is fun.  Objective-based gameplay."
76561198079250362,Recommended,222880,13373582,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,justinaquino,"I play airsoft and can't really play the regular FPS games since they create bad habits like: Charging into Combat to get things done. This game is well designed that it reinforces good habits found in any Milsim Game and Airsoft. Of course not everyone plays it this way, where you have to actively coordinate with team mates. suppression, support and maneuver. So this is pretty much the only thing I play since I need a lot of practice in dealing with attention blindness and other proceedural problems and challenges.I love that this game helps me get better in airsoft since I can only play so few time a month."
,Recommended,222880,13463557,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Root,BEST REALISTIC FPS GAME PLAYED SINCE AA 1 !!!! +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
,Recommended,222880,21094239,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Lonewolf,"Insurgency is an fps game focused on team v team combat in a variety of different game modes and maps. The developers are constantly updating to bring more maps and variety to the game itself. The only problems with the game are the constant and somewhat repetitive combat and the viable option for players to camp which the game does not intend to punish such as other titles like Counter Strike. Theres also a huge problem that many players encounter which is the fact that you cannot leave certain areas as there is boundaries which therefore restricts much of the players mobility unlike games such as Battlefield which give you a 10 second timer per-say. In conclusion, the game is worth the price and is very fun, but it isn't very addicting and you won't be hooked most likely. Expect to spend a limited amount of time as it definetely gets repetitive and quite boring.Score: 7 out of 10"
,Recommended,222880,16407859,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MrCrush,"Never really put a review for this game up but all I can say is ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!!!! Realism is where its at, lets get this. If you want to game hit me up. I know I dont got that many hours on here but somehow most of my stats were erased but the game overall is amazing."
,Recommended,222880,13318201,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,「Solidsteak!」,Praise Mohammed for such a gud tactical shooter.RPG/IED for lifeBlow up filthy american dogsALLAHU ACKBAR
76561197971091004,Recommended,222880,16396080,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Giff,A pure FPS.  Lots of fun!
,Recommended,222880,9125153,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Trapista.Slut,"pretty nice, people are really hardcore in the chat though, they make you say 'negative' and stuff, pretty rad"
,Recommended,222880,15669202,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,dedicated swammer,"Hears someone say ""RPG"".Dies instantly.Just like every other time.11/10"
,Recommended,222880,13366453,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Das Bause,Great game! Reminds me of Project Reality a good bit!
,Recommended,222880,9096758,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,nvg Mayo,Its like if AA 3.0 didnt suck.
,Recommended,222880,16466491,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Scaryhunter,"Thank God its not like COD, Its a team based tactical gameplay ! Very recommened."
76561198030495197,Recommended,222880,9803138,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,stoligold,"Insurgency is a fun shooter. It's different than other shooters that have competitve multiplayer, that's a good thing. You find yourself caught up in the game that you forget what is happening all around you. When your in the game life is important, you never want to die, you just want to kill. If you do die you feel defeated, but when you come back to life your found repeating the same steps of what you previously did. My main issue is, there isn't a story mode. I believe they could incorporate a story into this game and that story would be good. But they may add that later if they ever are curious about they can add to make this an even better game. Also, when you try changing graohics settings from high to medium items become invisible. I changed mine from high to medium and items like: trees, bushes, hallways, and floors. They would dissapear and when I tried changing them back to High they were still gone. I have tried to reach them to help but they haven't. Overal this game is fun and extremely addicting."
,Recommended,222880,19316168,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Ravseen,If you love one shoot kill games. Well. This is the best one !!!
76561198025359524,Recommended,222880,14378308,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Myst King,RPG!
76561198119140278,Recommended,222880,14046007,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,CompleteJack,Get pwned n00bs~THE LAW
76561197971133488,Recommended,222880,16538634,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,=EBS= KnightMorphed,Excellent realistic first person shooter.....also good community with a strong sense of belonging. From a co-op mode possibly one of the best games I have played.....Highly recommend it.
,Recommended,222880,8818069,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Himmuguegeli,"If you know the mod and if you liked it, buy it. Because it just became better. Maps are very interesting, the gameplay is a very tactic-style one and i really enjoy this community which looks forward to play together, not like certain others who ignore everyone and try to get a high K/D Rate. Don´t expect it to be like Battlefield or Call of Duty, its more like a realy Hardcore Ghost Recon (the old titles) and does its job very well.The graphics are definitly a bit outdated, but that doesn´t hurt the game, its gameplay is so intense and your teamplay is so important that it does give you a similar feeling like ArmA or Day Z where you really concerend about trying to survive and do certain objectives.And i really like how deadly everything is and should be. A Firefight most times doesnt last for more than 2 Seconds. That doesn´t mean this game is about beeing fast, its more about having a good cover, and a good sense of usefull tactics."
76561198105077862,Recommended,222880,23259336,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Strider,I thoroughly enjoyed these hours of gameplay.Sks for life.
,Recommended,222880,9109800,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,✪ Bardos,"Complete tactical shooter with a range of possibilities, all varying based on players skill, teamwork, and tactical sense. Fight on your own in the gripping close-quarters combat, using sabotage to take the advantage over hostiles. Not your style? Want to use hardcore team tactics to create smart engadgments? Either is availible in Insurgency.Though the weapon choice and customization are limited, they provide just enough options to satisfy the basic combat roles without getting too fancy. Also the faction limited weapon choices provide a sense of realism that can only be broken by your 10 year old team member yelling into his mic.Overall Insurgency can fill the role of a realistic tactical shooter that is also fast paced, and action packed. Bravo New World Interactive!"
76561198064357600,Recommended,222880,14670554,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,70's Detective Bear,If you are looking for a game like COD ... GTFO!(No hud+no crosshairs)^difficulty=more fun10/10
76561198105060377,Recommended,222880,15536672,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Ｂａｎａｎａ．,Игра про кемпинг.Кто кого перекемпил тот и победил.Никакой тактики.Никаких навыков.Чистый кемпинг как он есть.Мaст хэв.11/10
76561198043995431,Recommended,222880,13060736,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,OsamaBinMohammedBinAwadBinLaden,Glory to God
,Recommended,222880,14104349,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Angelusmortis,"Well, it's a pretty good game. No cross hairs so the only way you can aim is down iron sights/scope, otherwise it's pray and spray. There's no such thing as staying spotted. I get regularly taken out by peeps in long grass that I just can't see (probably why I need glasses lol). Also, you have a selection of ammo types and attachments to your weapons. Recoil is also very prominent when firing on full auto, and it's not a wise choice to do so. Graphics are a bit on the low side, but the gameplay is excellent!Now, the only thing, ONLY THING that bugs me about this game is the weapon selection. Now I understand that these might be fun, and some of them are, but I can't see why they'd put MP40 submachine guns, M1A1 carbines and Mosin Nagant 91/30 rifles in this game, let alone with modernized attachments to it. But hey, that's just me.That being said, this is a fun game and is worth investing some time in. 8/10"
76561198035680830,Recommended,222880,14156637,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,conker,"Spawned.Walked around.Heard someone yell ""ALLAH KU AKBAR""Blew Up.RIP.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,13477973,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Wayne Kerr,AllahuAkbar/10
,Recommended,222880,13579322,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,das mad u no,Great game if you can't aim. Perfect for me. 10/10
,Recommended,222880,20010273,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Smeetu,"I didn't expect this game to be mind blowing and amazing masterpiece, but after i played couple of hours this game really turned out to be mind blowing and amazing masterpiece. It's great game to play with friends, it's fun and there is so many reasons to buy this game. CS:GO is a great game, but i've to say, this is something that CS:GO should've been.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,14109474,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kinematograf,One of the most realistic games that i ever played.If you hit your enemy with 1/2 bullet in most cases. Sometimes you need more bullets when you hit your enemy in the bulletproof vest.Is easy to died but also this aspect affect a gameplay. Most of the players try to use some tactics to avoid a damage.In my opinion is worth do buy it.Sory for my English i know is nor good but i tried to write this review easy to understand
,Recommended,222880,19761923,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,[CSGC] TheFatDaddy,"A great military FPS that forces Teamwork and communication. Custom theaters, mods and a growing community make this a great buy. This is definitely not a simple CS spinoff."
,Recommended,222880,13061723,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,maze,"A solid upgrade from the mod it used to be. A change if you're coming from aracady fps games. It requires more patience and has more intensity.  The devs are also great, implementing new weapons and updates frequently (free of charge)"
76561198100955276,Recommended,222880,12650735,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,slate,"A rather difficult but strategic game. definitely more advanced and requires thinking. A great game to play with friends and total strangers alike. Communication is an essential part of the game, so turn on your mic!"
,Recommended,222880,17516216,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Tampan dan Berani,Never meet a hacker yet
,Recommended,222880,14132599,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,"EatSpit |BF1 Ruined my aim, cyka","<3 This is love, this is life!"
,Recommended,222880,15145008,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Buller,INSURGENCY great tactical shooter game!One of the the most realisticI stopped playing cs-go when i tried thisAwesome 10/10
,Recommended,222880,15201067,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Daidokoro,"Graphics7Visually, Insurgency isn't anything special, but the detail put into the guns is extremely well done. Nothing here will jar you out of enjoying the game, though there are some quirky animation glitches that give some good laughs.Gameplay9Hands down one of the most intense firefight games I have ever played. If you want to win, you need to be tactical, or you're going to get picked off real fast. The firefights are intensified through audio and visual effects, from the crack of a sniper's bullet, to the hiss of a round passing by your head, to the pings and putters of the bullets hitting the environment around you. The controls are solid, and lend themselves to improve the gamplay (there is lean in this game, use it). With several different game modes to choose from, including playing against AI bots, you're able to have hours of endless fun without getting bored. There is a timer between spawns, but it goes fairly quick, and spectating your friends is entertaining in and of itself.StoryN/AYou're a soldier in Iraq. That's about as deep as it gets.Multiplayer10The mixture of new gameplay styles (you can't just run and gun here, you'll die), tactics, and some funny glitches on occassion, add up to be one of the most wonderful times I have had playing a game with friends in a long, long time. There are many, many laughs to be had here. If you're into moving tactically, this game is also your ticket to a good time. Even if that's not your thing you'll enjoy this one.Some tidbits of my friend's and I playing, for everyone curious (I did not create the video, was merely playing with them at the time): Insurgency GameplayReplayability10This one will keep you coming back for a long, long time. With free DLC releases containing new content, and the recently boosted community, there are few things to keep you from returning to play another round of Insurgency with your friends.Overall9.2/10I'll be honest, I didn't expect to have such a grand time with Insurgency, but it is easily the most fun I have had with a group of friends in several years. If you're playing this one alone, it's good. But when you're playing it with buddies, it is absolutely grand. A refreshing game in a field of run-and-gun FPS games, demanding you to take your time and not go rambo."
76561198099815985,Recommended,222880,16851039,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,$tillPalmTrees,"The Grenades, and Rpgs.  :DRate 10/10Always amusing to play and you should buy this its amazing"
,Recommended,222880,15106472,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,ValteR,Best realistic FPS game so far (10) !!!
,Recommended,222880,14833006,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,B$,good game worth money
,Recommended,222880,14131136,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Teebee,Throwed c4 into a building with objective => blowed 4 teammates(including myself) and 1 enemy without blowing the objective => literally everyone sayed my mom raised a good son!c4/10
,Recommended,222880,13542442,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Xertue,This game has potential. Nice one!
76561198062685053,Recommended,222880,18983226,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Savage Boy,bttr than arma
,Recommended,222880,16020367,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Wolf,"Probably one of the few good co-op games lately, as the AI is challenging but not impossible. Intense, hardcore (but not too much), with a good balance of realism. Much to the delight and dismay of many, the developers are always making changes and adding new things."
76561197980950477,Recommended,222880,20700656,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Pinhead,I rate 8/8 mate.+Allahu Akbar+Islam+fighting for the holy jihad+AKM+Arabic Music-American Tyranny-HaramSo yeah pretty good so far
,Recommended,222880,14629930,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Old Cock,"drinking is the only way i can cope with life now. just a brief moment with the game is all needed. the sound of my wifes heels crashing against the cold floor, my childs laughter......bullets hissing and crys of death...10/10"
76561198010264632,Recommended,222880,14733221,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,BOT Nabz,"Honestly didn't even realize I've had 30+ hours on this game already. It's not meant to be played like COD or BF. You gotta actually play with your head and be careful, and play along with your team. Great tactical shooter. I was someone who was use to COD/BF style of playing and when I played this game it felt a little weird and I was getting destroyed but I kept playing and learned the maps and controls and eventually got pretty decent. Now it's hard to go back and play COD/BF cause this game is that good."
,Recommended,222880,17022691,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,~Ghost~,"No HUD, No CrossHair, No HealthBar.This Game make me feel Alive on duty.Must Try This Game.Ghost"
,Recommended,222880,17082179,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,O RLY,I took cover behind a rock and a bullet hit it.Fell off from my chair. 10/10 would fall again
,Recommended,222880,21372319,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Marxist-Leninist Cat,"This game is good. It is a good game. You shoot people, they die. They shoot you, you die. You help your team, you win. No 360 no scoping. No getting shot in the face and surviving.  No OP class. Its just you, your skill and your team. Do me a favor and buy this right now."
76561198065599885,Recommended,222880,20944418,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Peter A. Romanov,"I originally posted a review for this game back in February of 2016 and I don't think it did the justice that this game really deserves. The FPS market is extremely saturated with the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ A Call of Duty every year, a Battlefield title every 2 years, etc etc. Insurgency breaks that cycle with refreshing gameplay that was designed with the Steam community in mind. In my opinion, what makes a good PC game a good PC game is how it is able to interact with the community and vice versa. ♥♥♥♥ the gameplay and ♥♥♥♥ any other mechanics. Games were meant to be background noise as you drink beer over skype and team speak with buddies that you met over the internet. This game is perfect for that. It's fun it's relaxing and it's cheap. Very very cheap and great for older systems. I would recommend that anyone has this in their steam library. It's worth. One purchase that I never look back on."
76561198129006714,Recommended,222880,16575333,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Toni,"It's like ARMA and CSGO had a child, and it had been bathed in pure ♥♥♥♥ing gold. It's good (Lack of teams, but it's the title of the game so I can't complain). 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,15972314,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kit Darkness,"This game make CS looks like CoD.Pros : No game crosshair, No Mini map, no display showing how many enemies left ( just like in real life ) Weapon Mod, Decent graphic, realism atmosphereCons : a little bit challenging when you first start"
,Recommended,222880,14002239,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,blUEmOoN,"This is my most favourite FPS I have ever played on PC, it might not have the best looking body models, but it has good looking and sounding special effects from bullets to explosions and deaths, yes it is annoying when you just die with one shot sometimes, but that is the reality of the game. It is a masterpiece of a game, it's challenging and way better then CS:GO or CoD or whatever you kids play this days."
,Recommended,222880,23309314,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,TA10S,"I bought this game for 2 dollars, with a bit of hesitation. I hated ARMA, only for you having to use the entire keyboard just to set down a tripod (EXAGGERATION). This game promised to be ""realistic"", like said ARMA. But i fell in love. This game is amazing. Awesome mods, awesome developers, awesome community. Do yourself a favour and play this game. Best played with a group of friends. Only problem is it's not very well optimised. (I get ~30 on High settings) Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,222880,23281116,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Xaxen,"Well that's unexpectedly fun. For the $2.54 I don't think you could ever find anything more worth it. I was impressed with the community, the missions, the maps, and the guns."
76561198256926056,Recommended,222880,21542260,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,OddyNuff,"Makes Battlefields tactical realism look like Call of Duty, which it may as well be by now anyway.i HIGHLY recomend this game to everyone, help this game grow!"
,Recommended,222880,20309922,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Crytical Nerd,"Battlefield, ARMA and CS:GO has a threesome."
,Recommended,222880,22809668,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jiren,"great game. Frustrating af at first, but when you get the hang of it it is really rewarding"
76561198240867106,Recommended,222880,23178937,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,androkles,Highly recommended shooter!
,Recommended,222880,24741060,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Swissinator_Override,"A great game! I can only recommend it! No too fast pace like bo3 also not too slow, Good classes and points system, did I kill him? Yes I did! ? Wait did I kill him?"
76561198003262690,Recommended,222880,12787786,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Donald J. Trump,"Fun game to play, vareity of maps and game modes. for 15$ nothing to complain about."
76561197993781278,Recommended,222880,13349439,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,EKSelenc,"Basically it's SWAT 4 with proper ADS mechanics (bullets actually fly out of barrel and are aligned along with it), open space scenery and more focus on large engagements. Solid optimization and map detail. A handful of gamemodes and well-designed loadout system. 10 out of 10 would go tactical.---Edit (closing on 300 hours): this is intense, skill-packed skirmish-based firefight quasi-simulator all built around Middle East theatre and its contradictions. While it does have its own minor problems, the developers are working on the game, unlike most of other FPS titles. It has just the right scale, firearms, locations and gamemodes required to portray a proper firefight. It doesn't have the 'Modern Infantry Combat' piece in the name any more, but the game does just that, on point and perfectly calculated.Try it. Get in it. Work in teams or as a lone raider. Understand the mechanics. Go tactical or berserk. Experiment with your tactics or play an adapting role. Get fully rekt, then rekt, then start improving yourself and implying your control over the enemy. This is a fantastic game to be played for a long-term enjoyment.11/10 would go tactical with an extra supply point."
,Recommended,222880,14468493,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,duffy 흑인,Aloha Snackbar simulator 2015
,Recommended,222880,20424276,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,[T-W]CODE,"This review deals with Coop mode only.It is a good game that requires some more polishing. Once you become fimiliar with a map, it becomes reptitive experience,  especially in coop when the players areplaying by themselves without teamworkor camping.If you find a server where players are co-ordinating, then it will be great fun no matter how many times you have played a map.Overall, A nice switch from CoD or battlefield. Playing on the35 angry botsserver is fun with possibly every weapon  attachement.For newcomers, go slow, watch corners, use foregrip attachement to increase accuracy and reload often.EDIT: As others players have mentionedUSEyour mic."
76561197971059505,Recommended,222880,15587552,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,[TOG] Barmy,"This is the game ALL  Ravenshield and Ghost Recon fans have been waiting for. A little rough around the edges but the level of Immersion you get from playing this game leaves you feeling shaken! after a fire fight.It is a Fierce tactical shooter that out classes all triple A titles on the market today.  From pvp to coop this game gives you a rich gaming experence that's backed up with a fantastic mod community.Be warned this game WILL take up your spare time, it's a cracker!! and wortrh every penny."
,Recommended,222880,16452314,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,>Hiding behind cover>Hear person yell RPG>Puts head up to get find out where the person yelled>Sees rpg rocket flying at me>Ducks>Teammate behind me gets hit>We both die9/11 Virgins in the afterlife
,Recommended,222880,25359171,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Moonlit pvpro.com,nice game..challenging and engaging
,Recommended,222880,25391020,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TANZIMULALAM,"Insurgency ReviewInsurgency is a strategic, slow-paced, strikingly realistic first-person shooter that puts you in modern conflict zones of hardcore simulated situations.It has COOP and Competetive Multiplayer modes with intense situations where you have to play cautious...But again,no matter how careful you are,enemy will always get you...you never see them coming.There are no hit indicators/markers to tell you where you've been shot from.The various modes offer a very exciting gameplay that sets it apart from other games out there....The game has a very good sense of realism.You shot realistic...You move realistic...You reload realistic...And of course,you die realistic.Only One shot is needed to kill you.Here are my individual review for each section of this game."
76561198239981504,Recommended,222880,25421087,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Prisepic,"Recommended, recommended and recommended. Imagine Arma 3 and CSGO have sex to give birth to a fantabulous baby. Well this is the wonder child. It's retains the realism while still being fast-paced. And the best thing about the game? The learning curve. Unlike CSGO and Arma, the learning curve is pretty low for starters. But you'll still get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway."
,Recommended,222880,16457377,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,SUHBS,420/10 - IGN
,Recommended,222880,14086892,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Nightwolf-11210,"A very well made, realistic FPS. Perfect for anyone looking for Serious and Immersive gameplay, with a great community and mature players. 10/10"
76561198067260888,Recommended,222880,21755637,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Quinn,"Best $15 I ever spent on a game. I play co-op with a bunch of friends and we have fun playing as a team - especially when the mapmaking folks come out with something new. I like that there is minimal to no HUD and tries to be more realistic than fantastic - ie. no super jumping, no endless ammo, no enemy radar - things like that. It's tough to learn at first, but there are players out there willing to give advice and yes, even be nice to newbies.I enjoy its simplicity - go out with your team and eliminate your enemies and that's it."
,Recommended,222880,14985448,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,paameister,"Absolutely fabulous game. Fair, fun and challenging."
76561198137190908,Recommended,222880,33014845,Posted: 29 June,all,Axio,Not bad for the price!
,Recommended,222880,33026464,Posted: 30 June,all,koenraadtje,"I never review a game but I feel like I owe it to this game. Insurgency is a highly realistic FPS. In order to win rounds, you and your team must work together. There is no crosshair and aim-assist to help you, there is no minimap on which you can see enemies so you play on instinct and movement sound, you get shot in the head (with any weapon), you die, you get shot two or three times on your body, you die. Because of this you play very cautious which makes the game very intense. Every team contains a set of different soldiers which individually have their own weaponset. There are a lot of players whom use their mic to guide or lead others, nothing of that CoD ""f*ck you""♥♥♥♥♥♥ just tactical talk.If you are looking for a getaway from CoD, Counter-Strike, Battlefield etc. This is a perfect game to pick up, and it's only €1,49 till July 5th. It's just an amazing game. Please do yourself a favor and pick it up, you won't regret it.P.S. Don't install workshop mods for appearances as they will interfere with the latest update. Because of that, you'll sometimes not be able to join certain maps.To those who'll get the game: enjoy!"
,Recommended,222880,33022260,Posted: 29 June,all,Zuosi_233,A nice game!
,Recommended,222880,28561863,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Cmdr. Perrin,"I haven't played this game long, but so far from what I have seen it is the best FPS I have played in a long time. Fun, realistic where it needs it, great community. Really gets your heart pounding at points. Never before has the term ""tactical reload"" been more fitting in a video game.Though I haven't played long enough for a real review, I wanted to share some great moments from my first few matches.THEY'RE SHOOTING AT ME *dies*I'M BEING SUPPRESSED *someone gets shot**It's quiet, it must be cle-* *explosion takes out two guys**30 full seconds of sustained gunfire from somewhere, yet noone dies**Guy who just narrowly escaped death runs to the safety of his friends**I walk into room, take a bullet to the chest* OUR MANS BEEN HI- *Guy who was yelling also takes a bullet**Spectating two guys while dead* Guy 1: Hey, look at this. *shoots random framed picture on wall* Guy 2: haha, ye- *gets shot through window* Guy 1: oh ****!!But all joking aside, this game is great, it's hard, the animations are well done and the sound is terrifying. Being shot at in this game is stressful. And there isn't a health bar. You get shot you're lucky if that isn't the end. So in short, awesome game, will be playing many hours of it. I may update this review with more random funny moments when they occur.(Also, in the list any words in all caps are voice lines said by the characters in-game, not by players.)Edit: BattlEye, pfft. hahahahahah! Yeah right. I don't play multiplayer enough to warrant that. hahaha! Sorry, sorry it's just, no. Just no. Not letting that get on my system just to play Co-op."
76561198026639304,Recommended,222880,33095962,Posted: 1 July,all,Pusherito,"Got this on sale - this game at £1? it's a f*cking ridiculous steal!! Works smoothly on my garbage laptop yet still manages to maintain high video quality. NIce tactical elements and shooting mechanics. Gameplay fun and multidimensional. Non-toxic community. Honestly, I will never understand why any mature gamer would not buy this instead of a goddamn £20 piece of garbage like COD10/10"
,Recommended,222880,33111647,Posted: 1 July,all,SceptreOriginal (asleep),lovee it!
,Recommended,222880,33143382,Posted: 2 July,all,stramanor,nice game i guess
76561198253338502,Recommended,222880,33135060,Posted: 2 July,all,Salty Midget,A realy underrated game for a good price.
76561198084213061,Recommended,222880,14715139,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Blueeyedjoe,Very good game worth your money 101% recommend this game.
76561198023183559,Recommended,222880,16964700,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Burner,Realism! Team play! Patience!
,Recommended,222880,19013583,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,kiwix,FPS. OF. THE. CENTURY. Buy it B.I.T.C.H.
76561198010071382,Recommended,222880,17024957,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Komrad Penguino,Ran around killing people behind enemy lines while hiding behind potted plants.11/10 best game.
,Recommended,222880,33174477,Posted: 3 July,all,cookie,This game is gonna give you heart attacks lmao.. For only 1.5e on steam sale its worth to buy imo. Super realistic and needs more players.
76561198114919414,Recommended,222880,26988032,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wizard,"At its core, this is a tactical first-person shooter that keeps the pace up without sacrificing the value of teamwork and strategy. Multiplayer is still pretty populated with a dedicated community, but it has enough new players to keep it from getting too frustrating them. Part of it depends on server. You can either play PvP or PvE with a variety of game modes for each. There are also a pretty good variety of server rules (e.g. friendly fire on or off, supply points, side switching, rounds per map) , so if you aren't happy with one set you can try other servers. Many servers also support votes to allow things like changing maps, scrambling teams, or switching sides, so it's usually easy for players to keep the game reactive to server needs.Gameplay varies widely by mode, but the constant is that everyone dies quickly and the HUD is almost non-existent (you won't be prompted to reload since there's no ammo count so getting the *click* *click* of doom can happen pretty easily if you aren't paying attention). Loadouts are restricted by class, though exactly how varies between PvP and PvE (and in PvE by server).Note that there are no playable vehicles or perks of any kind. Just you and your loadout. Nor are there any bonuses accrued for playing time or achievements.In conclusion, I'd recommend Insurgency if you want to combine fast-paced first person shooter action with tactical realism. It's an easy game to get into, and has a great community for to keep you playing!"
76561198315989033,Recommended,222880,31816989,Posted: 17 May,all,BenDover,Yeah I've got a few hours in this game…
,Recommended,222880,13060453,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,see dash,"Sudden movement on the rooftops -- I zoomed in my M16A14 w/ A Cog and fired off a sick double tap on some insurgent wearing velcro shoes, his body sort of just went limp why running & then fell off the roof onto the street lmao. Then I felt sick to by tummy, thinking wow, I just.. killed someone, but I ate a spoiled MRE earlier haha, killing people is ♥♥♥♥ing cool and Im never eading Jambalaya MRE again"
,Recommended,222880,10930384,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,⎛⎝Lexi⎠⎞,it's better than csgo
76561198182058753,Recommended,222880,20694297,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,YungDomino,This game will give you anxiety. thats how realistic it is.
,Recommended,222880,31469270,Posted: 30 April,all,dumbcunt,"Best ""FPS"" game I've ever played. I've longed for a game as realistic as this, sadly not a lot of other people have so the game isn't as lively as something like CS:GO.(I only have low hours 'cause my computer is utter dogsh*t)"
76561198046859840,Recommended,222880,15114137,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,OP WW1 Shauffel,"This is what happens when a developers allows the community to add to the game when being developed. A very clearly thought out and highly addictive tactical fps that is very realism based and balanced... yes i said it not many fps tactical shooters are very balanced but this one is definately balanced, when the game has issues the developers jump on the problem and fix it very quickly which results in the fact that this game is very streamlined and stable even on a 13 year old dell 745 optiplex with a r7 240 and only 2gb of ramm! Highly reccomend this game for fps players. best played at night when the goofy players come out, nighttime play also adds to the immersion of gameplay when plaing on night maps.6 out of 5 stars ;)"
,Recommended,222880,16625892,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Bandit,9/10-ignnot enough like call of duty
,Recommended,222880,26410808,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dog,This is game is fun.Yeah thats it
,Recommended,222880,17869995,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Openly Reggae,"If you enjoy ""realistic"" FPS games, this is a must-play title. Be careful though, the game is highly unforgiving. You WILL rage for the first few hours. But if you can get beyond the preliminary learning stages, and hack off those terrible habits you've acquired from playing hundreds of hours of Call of Duty, then you'll be ready to learn how to play a more careful, strategic FPS."
,Recommended,222880,11961736,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,C23,+1 lol
76561198154821736,Recommended,222880,18923734,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Silly_Jolly,"Good game, but still needs a lot of expansions."
,Recommended,222880,23307747,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,\\H// FalcoN PRO,nice game ^_^
76561198087731197,Recommended,222880,19837702,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Outzabast,"This game is a very good use of the source engine. The graphics despite being from source are terrific, the sound is fantastic, and the gameplay is glorious."
,Recommended,222880,28901789,Posted: 1 January,all,Finn,"This game has alot of features that other games lack, like being able to stand your gun down with a bi-pod and having large amount of maps with objectives scattered along it. with these pros there somes some cons, When someone dies there ragdoll flys in the air which when seeing ingame ruins the realistic vibe. Also there are alot of camping spots on all maps which ruins the fast past shooting.all together 8/10-Smokeey"
,Recommended,222880,28661173,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,orua,"This game is amazing. I bought it while it was onsale for 2 dollars expecting it to be very bad, but this game is amazing! This game reminds me of ARMA. Although not as good as ARMA, this game still provides a very amazing example of military lives. This game is basically a military simulator just like ARAMA. If you're look for an amazing game to play for a very long period of time for only 2 bucks (or 10 if offsale) buy Insurgency! You will not regret it at all!"
,Recommended,222880,29706435,Posted: 4 February,all,Merim,"This game seems to be a bit based from Counter-Strike but adds alot more realism comparing to the game. Heres what they've been added.Limited HUD, you only see your magazines. You wont know how many shots you make until you hear a ""click"" to your gun. This is something like in real life where you dont know how many bullets you shot. Reloading helps, but if you keep reloading, you will eventually use the magazine that you used. Which means it can go click quickly, you have to rely on your instinct when you feel like you are in need of reload.No health bar, pure regeneration. You will know when you are hurt when the screen turns blurry. If that happens, take cover. When the screen gets clear, you are good to go.You also have the ability to aim down sights, there are no crosshairs in this game. Again, you have to rely on your instincts when it comes to hip firing.Enemies can die fairly quickly with your bullets, and same goes with you.There are more modes based on objectives. You can play Coop or Multiplayer.Friendly Fire is usually on, so watch your shots. You also cant see the names on your teams, you have to figure out yourself which one is the guy you are looking for.Edit: You can with floating HUDS, but you can turn it off if you want to make it more realistic. Same goes with objectives.While you can sprint in the game, and likely unlimited, you will have a hard time aiming due to being tired from sprinting, eventually it'll get accurate again.This is a really good game, no doubt I would recommend those that wishes for more realism. This also runs in the Source engine too from what I gathered.Get it, its worth getting it."
,Recommended,222880,26757416,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,"""Salt""","HOW HAVE I NOT REVIEWED THIS GLORIOUS PIECE OF GAME YET?!?!?!?----THIS GAME IS AWESOME! It's HYPER REALISTIC, excellent Squad Based teamplay, with awesome callouts and such. HELL YES I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO EVERYONE. WELL WORTH ITS PRICE!//Thats enought caps for now :p\\"
76561198093380068,Recommended,222880,27369703,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nomnomnom,"When I first heard, and saw this game on Steam Store, I spent a long time contemplating whether to buy it. It is the kind of FPS game unlike COD, battlefield, etc.,because its realism really transcends all understanding of all other previous FPS you've played. It is the epitome of hardcore gaming and realism carefully planned and developed into a game. If u are planning to have a go at this game, I'd advise u to remove all prior knowledge of FPS games you've played, 'cos this game is unordinary. Sensational. Not for the faint hearted. All in all, words cannot simply finish reviewing this game, you would have to play it for yourself to understand. So waste no time and play it now! I'll be waiting....."
76561198067825162,Recommended,222880,27475248,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lejcus,i am writing this review just for a badge
,Recommended,222880,23321902,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Naxra,"Good combat, alot of action, great visuals, and a ton of things in the workshop. Definetly a must grab!"
76561198134498470,Recommended,222880,24104740,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Saint Ruben,"When you hear ''RPG!"" you're already dead."
76561198203883733,Recommended,222880,21992676,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DedSec,Such a great game tbh.
,Recommended,222880,25386752,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Guvesy,Really hard and realistic war simulation. Enjoyable when you learn how to play
,Recommended,222880,28171112,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Shadotak (Deployed),A little tough to get used to the different style of shooting. Very fun once you have the hang of it.
,Recommended,222880,27881210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pathfinder,"THIS GAME SO REALISTIC & ADDICTING , ITS LIKE REAL OPS BUT MORE EASIER :D"
,Recommended,222880,22456702,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Tristan,The equivalent to a relaxing night of BDSM
,Recommended,222880,28563516,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dildo Baggins,NOT Call Of Duty
76561198182357507,Recommended,222880,28936300,Posted: 2 January,all,Fluffwaffe,the voice chat...... so reallistic when you play as insurgent
,Recommended,222880,28795151,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dddddddddddddbd,Another ARMA for poor gamers
,Recommended,222880,27756179,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HATABOMBA,"Pros :- realistic- Amazing graphic- Large mapCons :- Too much Pros, i can't tell about it, just buy and play it110/10"
,Recommended,222880,26989185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BKK 7876,"I have a nade, I pulled the safetyUh! PingPangBoom !I have a nade, I am I-SISALLAHU AKBAR !!"
,Recommended,222880,27392458,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,POTATOMASTER_64,I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a good fps.Definitely worth a buy
76561198016050852,Recommended,222880,28254414,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Spartan Rebel,"It is an awesome game.This game is awesome because the graphics,sounds and thats it"
76561198039608935,Recommended,222880,18038089,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Hand Solo,-I was camping with my mosin on a hilltop-someone in my team yells  allahu akbar-i see a explosion in the distance10/10 will wach someone suicide bombing for the glory of Allah again
,Recommended,222880,28495523,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Faggot,Very realistic gameplay. Not much for the graphics but you can download skins from player model and guns and maps even sound packs to cover this up. Overall this game is a realistic shooting game with very realistic damage model.
,Recommended,222880,17034359,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,DURANDAL-1707,Have you ever wanted to join Al-Qaeda/Boko Haram/ISIS? Have no combat experience whatsover? Struggle to understand the proper way to Jihad?This masterpiece will teach you the true way of Allahu Akbar.
,Recommended,222880,17392826,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,anahatas,"Amazing game, great gameplay, gunfights and incredible immersive atmosphere.Fun to play against bots or with friends in a push map or checkpoint gamemode.This game started originally as a HL2 mod - even back then that mod was great for its time and so, time has passed, the developers have matured and continued to grow and get a larger fan base which is great, I bought the game not only because it's worth the money but because I wanted to support the devs. You often find yourself in this game, in a lethal war between what's around the corner and how ready you are to kill everything that isn't on your team, one bullet can kill you in this game unlike other games you where you get a HP regen or medpacks... none of that here. The ironsight system is amazing AND it has a cover/prone system.Buy it!"
76561198120402746,Recommended,222880,17373754,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,HY,>got a gift card>redeemed gift card>bought counter strike GO>played 90 mins>requested refund>saw this beauty>bought it>ran in the field>died 10+>killed <4>cried of happiness>kissed the mouse>ALAHU AKBAR9 11 / 10 would request refund to buy and die again
,Recommended,222880,17383486,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Razer720X,Amazing Gameplay with friends or its boringnmost importantALLAHU AKBAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198131449241,Recommended,222880,17153044,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,D-GG,The best fps game out there in my opinion. It's easy to play but challenging to master if you'll ever get there 100% worth the money.
,Recommended,222880,29326973,Posted: 17 January,all,SneakyFriesTactic,"If you are immersed to this game, it makes 1 minute feel like 3 minutes.If you are having way too much fun, it makes 25 minutes feel like 5 minutes."
,Recommended,222880,19794453,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Bulbasaur,Played like 30 mins and I already love it. Worth full price.
,Recommended,222880,19817493,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Mukky,"-shot a teamate by accident-prepared for the worst-""hey check your targets before you shoot"" in a calm voice-didn't get roastednice community 10/10"
76561198070483016,Recommended,222880,21455187,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,D34TH5TR0K3,"If you are looking for an affordable 1st person shooter, that is well made and popular, then this is a product for you. I enjoy ARMA III if you like an actual realistic experience without having to render an intense amount of S**t. It is very easy to join in a game and find people conducive to the environment. The game does have ""q"" and ""e"" by default as the buttons to lean. I especially enjoy that they programmed the ability to peak corners without moving left and right manually. I especially enjoy a first person shooter that allows you to go PRONE, lay on the ground in a firing position.9.9/10 Because the game isn't perfect."
76561198185108551,Recommended,222880,21247689,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,WhyNotBeGay,"Beeeeest FPS EVER!!!!!!! Everything is soooooo nice.A tip for other players: No Mod, No MVP.Defult Iron sight in this game is hard to aim. Mods can makes you easier to aim."
76561198026922104,Recommended,222880,20326685,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,[FTI] MichaelHigh,This is a very good and fun game.. I love it ;)
,Recommended,222880,20433212,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ღ YAKAZUNO - ヤカズノ,This game is awsome. Hardcore-Realism-Teamwork are the three aspects of this game. If you are looking into such experience dont hesitate just go for it.>> In my opinion everyone should try this game <<>> 9/10 <<
,Recommended,222880,20175281,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,VaporGFX ツ,"Fun game, would strongly recommend. Fast download, and doesn't ask of too much. Very cheap, but worth it!"
,Recommended,222880,20395745,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Biebo,the dark souls of online-shootersIntense pvp gameplaygreat weapon models and realistic scopesawesome nightvision gameplay/visualsmany great maps and modes for different gameplay types/tacticsnice coop modesactual bullet wounds on bodies (not even AAA shooters like battlefield or cod have this)great sound designreliable netcode and hitboxesconstant updatesnice communityprobably the best online-shooter out there atm.
,Recommended,222880,20244115,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Cj,"Well slap my♥♥♥♥♥and call me senpai, is this another FPS shooter game? Yes it is sir! Are you looking for a game that has Arma 3 physics that had sex with a Counter Strike game last night? Well have sex with a weaboo because this the the game you're looking for! With terrorist side that constantly screams ""ALLAHU SNACKBAR!"" and with action pack high tech marines fighting to capture enemys objective to save the United States of Murica. You can finally fight terrorist in the most badass way with your choice of weapons and class. You can pick C4 or grenades, or join terrorist side with IED or grenades with AK-74's. Fight againts John Cena army because you can never see the enemys. Or fight senpai because the terrorist will never notice you. This game is 10/10 the best game I had ever played in my whole entire life. Better than John Cena huge DIIIICK!"
,Recommended,222880,19450600,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Toxicdublin,I played a few hours and its been amazing i just have to give a review. Its so realisitc and love how u have to have skill to play insurgency unlike cod. This game is nothing like i thought it would be its way beyond what i would ask for in a terrorist vs security game. This game is very well optimized. Im not in the best gear at all for gaming and i can play insurgency with decent fps. I really reccomend u to play this game for a hardcore simulation and the maps are so well done. Also the way they have the mic system is awesome it sounds like a radio when your on security team Its just a great simulator that you will love and put many hours on. So.... what are you waiting for GET INSURGENCY!!!!!!!!!
76561198056063401,Recommended,222880,19886228,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Agent Shoe,"RPG! (gets blown up)  Where did THAT even come from?(tap tap tap) insurgent dies.  I like the fact that it doesn't take a full magazine to kill an enemy.  But then again, the same damage model applies to players.Conclusion: one of the best video games I've ever played.  I think I'll be playing more of this than Battlefield 4."
76561198124360232,Recommended,222880,22547151,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,6647,"One of the best FPS games I played so far. The gameplay is intense , the teamwork is real (not joking). The graphics may not be all that nice but the gameplay is hardcore and it actually is pretty realistic the way guns handle.So i recommend that you buy it."
,Recommended,222880,9163401,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Nukuls,"The perfect cross between Counter Strike and Tactical Intervention. Great team-based action, graphics, maps/missions and customizabilty."
,Recommended,222880,13447683,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Saracen Rush,"Hardcore at all times. No recticle. No on screen map, although you can bring one up which fills the screen,, only shows your teams position and obviously a disadvantage to block your whole screen. This game focuses on the gameplay aspects of realism rather than all about eye candy like your major publishing releases. It runs on the source engine which is over 10 years old now and although it's far from BF4 graphics it does still look good. It's far from perfect, but as you can see from how long I've played the game, I obviously find it fun. If you enjoy hardcore online first person shooters, then this game is for you :)"
76561198119766553,Recommended,222880,14504032,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,King Bling Blang,bunch of people on the insurgent side screaming allah ackbar what not to love
,Recommended,222880,16462938,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,✪ keeN.pak,"I think I'm in love. This game hits so many sweet spots for a more 'serious' FPS. Gameplay elements almost force people to work together, satisfying gunplay, smooth movement and adequately pleasant visuals. The Devs have worked hard to bring polish and direction to this re-invigorated Mod. If it weren't for a few jerky animations here and there, i would be giving it a 10 instead of a 9.If you've ever wanted a more authentic feeling and unforgiving Counter Strike, Battlefield, Call of Duty or Red Orchestra, this is the game for you.Get around it.9/10"
,Recommended,222880,7525204,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Jeza,Come on leaps and bounds since its first early access release can only get better one would hope!
,Recommended,222880,14861498,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Sledge the Hammerhead,"When I played the first Insugency (the mod) I was amazed. Having came from Call of Duty and what not, I was truly supirsed by the hardcore ""realism"" and difficulty of this game. Now that Insurgency has gone legit, I can honestly say it was worth every penny. From the all to familer Sinjar to the newer market and heights, the whips and cracks of intense incoming fire, to the deep and deadly explosions shaking my screen, my pulse racing as I move my sights franctically side to side looking for a target. It is truely something else for a game like this to give you that heart-pounding action, every-map what other game can hardly do the whole game. A truly unique, ""realistic"" expierance. Where boys become men. Sledge Approves."
76561198039476246,Recommended,222880,14217873,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Cullenjackrat,It is good to protect fellow teammates by placing IED's near their camping spot and detonating if the enemy gets close.
76561198006933069,Recommended,222880,13364820,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MankyCat,Died three times in a row. Never saw it coming. 11/10.
,Recommended,222880,13420563,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,MC_Big_Tendie,"This must be one of the best or the best fps game. Unlike call of duty you actually need to communicate with your team or you will lose. If you are looking for a competitive game, then this is it. Every kill and death you get you deserve. If you make a wrong move then you will be punished by dying but when you do get those kills you know you have truely earned them and they feel fantastic. This game makes me feel as though I am acctually fighting in a war which no other game does. The sounds and gameplay mechanics feel authentic and the sound of a bullet flying past your head has the same crack as in real life. This really is an amazing game, no wonder it won indie game of the year. The loadout menu is probably one of the best I have ever seen as you start out with a number of points and you spend those points on attachments for your gun and secondary and also armour and N.V goggles."
,Recommended,222880,13485178,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,RainbowSixSage,Damn this game is nice BUY IT..... That is all I can say.   11/10   - IGN
,Recommended,222880,19790795,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Mo Hates Mondays,Now this is what I like to call a war simulator!It's like a mixture of Modern Warfare and Counter Strike: Global OffensiveIt has the Call of Duty physics but the Counter Strike charm!
,Recommended,222880,19791936,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,dogman,">first minute of gameplay, get put on insurgent team>clicking everything at random>get rpg>friend yells allahu akbari love this game"
,Recommended,222880,19803848,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,MermenTVMcSwede,The only fun part is the map changing screen.9/11
76561198120970985,Recommended,222880,19806471,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Isis of Kebab Leader of Jihad,"Turns Around Corner,Sees terrorist,Aims,Takes the Shot,Hears a loud noice,teammate screams Rpg,Dies Brutaly in a explosion,Hears everyone screaming allahu akbar.Note: No Russians screaming Suka bleytj or rash b.9/11 Would join the marines."
76561198142310430,Recommended,222880,18803686,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,jccatfish,I can sum up this game in two words...Allahu Akbar
76561198160402195,Recommended,222880,18883664,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Pringles,I realy like this game but it vac banned me?  This happend to me me when i was playing with a guy that was cheating on our team
,Recommended,222880,18882356,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,jamedoi,Great Game. really worth the 14€ :)
76561198029043678,Recommended,222880,18362187,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Unearthly Bean,"I buy game.I start game.bang bang, I am dead.x100I hate game.but wait.................................................................I get some kills.I learn game's maps.bang bang, I am deadx50Eventually I get better at the game...and my kill to death ratio exceeds expectations but I still get banged by god knows who from god knows where and ♥♥♥♥ is it ever annoying ...and realistic."
,Recommended,222880,28625381,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,gokuaman,"better and more addictive than CS:GO , realistic and feels as war and sometimes it is very difficult to survive, a better fps shooter I have played. Loving it and community is not cancerous as in other games."
,Recommended,222880,28609526,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,itrustu0,extremely fun and realistic shooter
,Recommended,222880,29220543,Posted: 13 January,all,McDohl,2hard4aim
,Recommended,222880,29858992,Posted: 11 February,all,Cthulhu the Heister,"""No, BattlEye is NOT selling your porn logs to Walmart."" - lockwertInsurgency is a great realistic close-quarter combat game. You either play as the US(?) forces, fighting agaisnt the Insurgents and there's an entire workshop at your disposal to customize the teams however you want. You can even create your own mods.Anyways, moving onto the core gameplay: this game requires alot of strategy and thinking. You can't just rush in, screaming ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" and blowing yourself up. One or two bullets and you're out. This isn't CoD.I won't make a list of pros and cons, because only you can decide if you like the game yourself or not. I suggest watching some gameplay and then deciding on your own."
,Recommended,222880,20134523,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Cuddle Bear,"""Bug Black Gay Jew"" as MVP for terroristsPriceless"
76561198052964130,Recommended,222880,20128293,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Dream,"I've put off writing a review for a long time, but today is a good day to finally write one. Think of where to start is hard, but i think the combat is as good a place. from the wide range of class on both sides many of the same guns will be in them, for example the ak-47, ak-74, m16, and m4a1, are found in almost all except for the sniper and recon classes. This isn't bad mind you because each are good gun, and the other guns in those classes are fun to play with as well, but clearly these are the guns that will be present on the battlefield the most. the suppression and damage mechanics make sense, usaully if you are pinned down with fire your screen becomes fuzzy, and if you are hut once or maybe twice, you are going to die. Recoil is realistic, aiming makes sense, and if you have a good reaction time you can hit what you shoot at.The community is what give this game such good memories in my mind though. When I first got picked up to play in this games upstart competitive tourny system I was a bit, how do I phrase it, ♥♥♥♥♥♥. The more i played with my team mates, the better I became. By the time our team broke up due to disaggrements with the DGL I was still not great, but i had clearly become better. I made many friends who I still talk too, and game with regularly a year and a half later. People that play the game today are for the most part very chill and very rarely will you get some asshat that comes into a go and starts♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off, which is nice to see.The dev team is also very cool, and if you ever get into a game with them you will figure out why I stated this. They bring fun updates every month or two, and manage to keep people interested in an amazing game.So, I'd say if you are looking for a fun, cheap, team based game then insugency is the game for you."
,Recommended,222880,20621160,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,⚙,"worth every coin, one of the best fps out there in terms of gameplay and mechanics"
,Recommended,222880,20560887,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,!Romanovich,Hardcore gaming.11/10
,Recommended,222880,20702117,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,FruityHelghast,All you need to know is Security forces are boring. Play the insurgents and by the grace of allah god willing you and your brothers will harbor a grand victory over the infidels and break out into song and dance on their crumpled bodies. Aloha Snackbar
76561198171455345,Recommended,222880,20734564,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,♣ LoydFloyd ♣,"First, It hasn't single (i dont remember), you must play on line. It is not  important.It worth it cuz it is reallistic game i' ve ever played. Graphics are quality, when enemy soldier dying you don't now because it is not writing in player scoreboard. You must hear or see. It' s optimization is good. Meh, you may play with your friend/friends, you may create your team ;)You may play 5vs 5 also 15 vs 15 or more.It is succes project. I congratulate them all.Don't forget first play is hard so don't payback Insurgency. It worth it's money.     7.3/10"
76561198070766729,Recommended,222880,20843493,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Big Guy,"One of the best FPS games i've ever played , its pretty realistic and hard ... The selection of guns and roles is very good too :)"
,Recommended,222880,22593112,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,7th Grade Piska,Fun but I wouldn't play to much time on it because it's very good for strategic players!
,Recommended,222880,19893075,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JodyG,Better Than CSGO
76561198142241545,Recommended,222880,22394566,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Greasy Harambe,"Dude on server: Hey Greasy, where are you from? Mexico? Because your name has Mexicans.Me: Yeah? What do you want?Dude: Did you climb over the border to get to America?Me: Yeah, and I deal drugs and am a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Dude: Yeah well jokes on you I'm voting for Trump.*ignores dude for 5 minutes*Dude: Hey Greasy, sorry about that. I feel like it is my American duty to protect you.*Looks at him, and shoots him.*Other Dude: Woah woah, I can't let a brown kill a white man without being punished.*shoots me*10/10 best community"
,Recommended,222880,25461605,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,NoteNex,"Great game. I've bought it for 5€ in discount, and im more than happy with it. Great tactical game with weapon customization, its not P2W. Just a great game that deserves a positive review.8 / 10"
76561198007367950,Recommended,222880,8869331,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,AquaHoHoHo,"Fantastic. Saw it described as RO2: Modern Warfare, and it definitely feels that way sometimes. You are penalized heavily for running guns blazing into the firefight. You have to be slow, stick with your team, and watch those corners. The guns are fantastic: they sound great, they feel realistic, and minimalist HUD always ensures that you are paying attention to mag count. Don't hesitate, buy this game now if you love FPS games."
76561198059635996,Recommended,222880,8864924,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,bebop,"This game is amazing... HOPEFULLY, we can get enough support for a competitive mode or a league to start...."
,Recommended,222880,8867044,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Antonius Candidus,It's like mix of Red Orchestra 2 and Counter Strike... That should tell it all. Ultimately the best modern tactical FPS that aims for realism. I bought it in its alpha stage and the amount of times the game has been updated ever since is amazing. The producers really care about the game and the community. Community though is still pretty small and I hope that it grows.
,Recommended,222880,8981903,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Ha Whore,This is by far one of the best FPS games ive played. I just enjoy it so much i wish ther servers didnt crash as often as they do but hey if i dont want that to happen i need to pay for one haha. Pretty much over all this game gets a 9 out of 10 in my book.
76561197969167731,Recommended,222880,7376922,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Niburu,Basicly a Red Orchestra in modern times. I like it
,Recommended,222880,9097491,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ghost Dad,Man now this is a god damn game! not a lot of games give me as much of a kick as kill A-rabs in this game....except for well company of heroes 2..NOW THAT IS A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME....nothing like killing some dirty germans i give it 81 thumbs up and roger ebert gave it 6 and a half thumbs up plus a toe and a pinky finger. Amazing game....insurgency is good 2....4 lyfe
,Recommended,222880,14115557,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,sprynger,"If you loved the insurgency mod, just buy this game.I like this game, the fact that is needed a lot of teamwork to win and that everyone dies with 1 shot makes the game really cool and unique.to make this game even more fun it would be interisting if they added like a competitive mode, 8v8 or something like competitives in csgo, that would make the game funnier"
,Recommended,222880,14120868,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Juicy Assparagus,I started the game up for the first time and i was quickly thrown in to ISIS team. Unfamiliar with the nature of ISIS i started to find myself chanting ALLAHU AKBAR whenever and RPG was shot. Then i realized allah was my savior and i took up the opporetunity to jihad the infidels. I died promptly with a all american 1911 .45 acp round the forehead.10/10 for allah
,Recommended,222880,14175084,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,WasWas,Allahu Akbar simulator 9/11. Would allahu again
,Recommended,222880,14014534,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Binjako,"Best mix between Arma and CS:GO:+Big Maps. (CS:GO Maps are small)+Sounds are awesome.+Weapon realism. (You can customize them, and they look great. One or two bullets its all it takes to kill someone. Bullets travel through walls. If you put one, you can deploy a bipod almost anywhere)+No crosshair, no bullets left indicator, no kill indicator. You only have mags left number.+You dont have to pay for nothing.-Player Models looks like half-life 2 type.Aguante el paco vieja, no me importa nada. Would do again 14/7½PS: You wont play CS:GO anymore, it feels like playing with crap."
76561197976813243,Recommended,222880,17928921,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Grand dad Overwatch,The best hardcore tactical fps out there!
,Recommended,222880,16682653,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Ohm,"No crosshair, no quick-scoping kids (kids tend to quit the game after 2 hours of playing and never play it again, which is good), no bunny hopping, no  bulls*it FPS mechanics. You're going to die at first. You're going die a lot, and you're going to lose your sh*t if not used to it (e.g, being somewhat good at other FPS's). But you're also going to be so fu*king proud when you take that flag which just gave your team another respawn and made you win.This game is good as it is, but if you play with at least few players who know what to do, it will be epic.The best part of the game - no pay to win mechanic. Skill isn't first on the list - team play is. If you think you can be hero in this game, kill everyone by yourself, play solo and play for K/D ratio - your team will never win.And yeah, weapon and gear customization and selection is great, you really need to choose your loadout based on the type of the map and mode played. Animations are nice, and scope mechanics are really good (you don't get to see half your screen through zoomed-in scope, but quite a small part of it - which makes sniping really hard, but also really rewarding). I'll be playing this a lot.In conclusion, if you want to play FPS with a twist (twist being enhanced realism) you're going to enjoy this. Don't buy this if you expect to just hop in and kill everyone with a 360-no scope-bunny hopy-mega kill, that's not how things work here."
,Recommended,222880,16636050,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Chief,"Insurgency is a very delicious blend of tactical gameplay mixed with hardcore ""mess-up-you-die"" gameplay. From strong squad gameplay; to lone wolf style combat, Insurgency is the perfect game if you wish bullets had a bit more bite.In other words, RPG = instakill."
,Recommended,222880,14097628,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,sweatpants,Played ministry 6 times in a row.10/10
,Recommended,222880,14099856,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Yung Meal Deal,Al Qaeda training simulator 2015 10/8
,Recommended,222880,14654667,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,teaearlgraycold,One of the most unique FPS games I've played. The devs care about player feedback and provide free content on a regular basis.The only thing it's missing right now is competitive play - and that's already in testing (great so far).9/10
76561197962268061,Recommended,222880,14574867,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Ry$,420/10very recomend
76561197977314227,Recommended,222880,19158419,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,GRAPE,How is this game still so good? The devs keep adding new maps and somehow they are very good maps. It would be nice to see some updated graphics but I'm just being greedy.
,Recommended,222880,22421736,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,загадка,"Just scream ""ALLAHU AKBAR!"" at the top of your lungs with a cooked grenade until it works.Only then would Allah be pleased."
76561198148529748,Recommended,222880,28144686,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Skeptical,I've had this game for a while. I paid 2.50€ for this game on a sale and I can highly recommend this anyone who likes somewhat realistic first person shooters. Good game in my opinion.
76561198167483729,Recommended,222880,19119104,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,ALT_,"TL DR:+Great game!+Great community!+Totally worth the price!+Free Updates!+Workshop mod support!+Allahu Akbar!+Murica, ♥♥♥♥ Yeah!"
76561198042613258,Recommended,222880,20183066,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Meistari,"One of the few games out there where the objective is everything, making everyone have to follow the objective.A game where good tactics and teamwork gets you the win"
,Recommended,222880,16628803,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gullasnow,10/10 will get owned by bots.11/10 will spray just to see the full reload animation and for the sheer pleasure of it.12/10 will choose a better looking wepon over an affective wepon.13/10 will spend most of their lives hiding just to get to a firefight lasting around 3 seconds before dying.14/10 will have teammates singing Salil Sawarim and screaming Allahu Akbar.
,Recommended,222880,19863470,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Veyku,"Spawn.Walk quietly and fan out in the area.Team clears out everything around objective.Attempt to blow objective up with explosives.Teammates all stood on objective because they thought it had to be captured.Entire team wiped out, still Victorious.10/10 would confuse gamemodes and objectives again."
76561198030610130,Recommended,222880,32909215,Posted: 27 June,all,Esian,For $1.50 it's a steal
,Recommended,222880,32742287,Posted: 24 June,all,Eskapist,"Best game I've ever played. Usually after like 2-3 months of playing any game, I stop playing it. It've been almost 2.5 years since I first played Insurgency and it's the ony game I am playing now.It is quite hard to play at first. There's alot of very good players out there who make it hard if you're playing against. But after some time you'll get used to it and build some skill."
76561198131671410,Recommended,222880,24594539,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Gigi Daša,Good gameplayGood gunplayGood graphicsGood audioGood co-op against botsGood competitive against playersGuess what - a good game7/7
,Recommended,222880,29085062,Posted: 7 January,all,MAD DOG ADRIAN,"Like CSGO, you Rush B♥♥♥♥♥♥ But unlike CSGO, you die. Not because there are hackers, but because you are a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot."
,Recommended,222880,28567545,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ROGERIM PIROCA DE FOICE,"One of the best FPS games out there. Quite cheap too, all things considered. If you can buy a 4 pack with a nice discount, it's one of the best purchases on steam, since team synchronism helps quite a bit.Pros:+ Semi realistic gameplay; no crosshairs, no hud, no killcams [on most servers at least], no hit/kill confirms, nothing. What you know is what you see, as in real combat.+ Immersive AF; i don't think there are other games out there that can be so immersive without becoming a hollywood movie. not that these aint fun, just that it becomes less like a real combat and more like a scene.+ Weapon sound effects are pretty close to the real deal (with a few exceptions)+ Even if you're not killing everyone, you can still feel useful by suppressing enemies, covering allies, smoking, flashing, and all sorts of war stuff.+ Many servers of several countries still work and have a good ammount of players to this dayCons:- Small variety of maps for a game that has been out for almost 3 years- Small variety of weaponsCould be a pro or con, depends on your POV:+- Teamplay is a HUGE deal. Without proper communication with your team you'll die pretty fast and quite a lot.+- Killing is just as fast as dying+- Some animations take way too long, almost like you're reloading during a stroke+- Almost 4 seconds to unpin a throw a grenadeFinal score i'd say 8/10. It's worth it even on full price, considering how much fun you can have if you take it at least a bit seriously. Avoid at all costs if you're a fan of CoD-like FPS, though."
,Recommended,222880,20943967,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,MagnumMuhammad™,"At first, thought this game absolutely sucked, I hated that some of the maps were too small and that it felt like a harder version of COD, but that was because I was so used to Red Orchestra 2/Rising Storm where the game is ever harder and larger, then I learned that this game is actually one of the few, actually liked, realistic shooters out there, when ever I look at a game, I look a its bad reviews, the negative ones, most of them were pretty helpful, and seeing that yet this game does have negative reviews, none of them affect me the way most do, plus in this game you can actually get into a firefight with someone instead of dying before you see them because it's all a frontal assault, there is no ambushing from behind unless you wanna end up getting killed, so yeah, it's pretty good game.....PLUS THERE'S STEAM WORKSHOP AS WELL WITH A COOL WWII MAP FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO LIKE RED ORCHESTRA 2 or 1 AND RISING STORM!!!!ALSO THERE'S A NEAT BULLET WOUND SYSTEM, KINDA LIKE GTA V GORE, BUT NO DISMEMBERMENT LIKE RO2 OR RS"
,Recommended,222880,16400571,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Flortan,"VIP EscortI'm leading the entire teamVIP is in the center of our turtle formationI rush ahead to see what we're dealing with while my guys trail behind me slowlyI enter a room with 3 enemies in itI use my quick reflexes to eliminate all 3 before they kill me, but one is able to launch a grenade before he diesI run back and start yelling ""GRENADE GRENADE GRENADE""As I run past my clueless teammates, some begin stopping and looking aroundWhile the rest including the VIP continue onward into the roomI turn back to see what they're doing, and before I can make a difference the grenade goes offKilling everyone on my team except for meThe voice chat on the server afterwards is filled with laughter from both teamsMy teammates jokingly questioning what a grenade isWhile the other team is laughing at how quick, and comedic that match wasThough we may be enemies at first, in the end, we are still human10/10 I Approve"
,Recommended,222880,20006215,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,shadow,10/10ISIS Simulator
,Recommended,222880,13060107,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Tezot,"Turned the corner crouched, Saw someone, i did panic, I started spraying and praying, Killed a teamate by mistake.9/10"
,Recommended,222880,22023578,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,RedTie,"Amazing game!- If you like csgo, but would like more realism, get this game- if you like battlefield, but your pc isn't good enough or you prefer not to play with tanks, get this game- if you like the fast gameplay of cod, with out hearing what your mom did the previous night with half of your team, get this gameThis game is amazing, gameplay, weapons and community. Each player has their own role in a team, so the game is team based. You have no HUD, and there is no kill confirmations, you also don;t have a mini map, and need to rely on sound to know where your enemies are. This creates an awesome and scary atmosphere, because you never know what is waiting around the corner, just like in real life warfare.I would give the game a 9/10, my only problem is that the South African Community is small, so we need to play on EU servers most of the time, this can lead to lag. There are a few South African local servers, but they aren't always populated.For R140 this game a give away, this game is so much more, and they are now upgrading from the source system to the unreal engin 4, weekly updates show that the devs are hard at work, and they listen to their clients!GO AND BUY THIS GAME!!!!"
,Recommended,222880,14106174,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,KEBAB,"like Arma but faster paced, cheaper, and smaller. trade offs, but over all a great game. feels like they put a lot of time and effort into making it tense and realistic."
76561198034147597,Recommended,222880,19782522,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,John Duca,"I saw the 2 euros price tag and I said ""Why not?"" . Entered the game , chose the security team , played for a little and my first impressions were that this game is cool , atmospheric but doesnt really stand out...Then I joined the insurgents and my life changed...forever....People listening to arab music , screaming in arabic on mic made me convert to Islam and become a terrorist...ALLAHU AKBAR!"
,Recommended,222880,31172462,Posted: 16 April,all,[ZION] Lemonshatter,one of the best fps games
,Recommended,222880,33318339,Posted: 6 July,all,⌦ ツ walid king|wk#DZ♛⌫,so amazing game i play for now the only proplom i have now the lag but is ok is so nicethx =)
76561198067549926,Recommended,222880,33133253,Posted: 2 July,all,Danimal,JUst LOOOVE the smell of d1ck butter in the morning
,Recommended,222880,25595968,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,The_Joker,This something based on CS:GO i played it 2 hours (while im posting this review) but still game is perfect :D
76561198073889103,Recommended,222880,12697362,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,SuperLaz,BEST FPS
,Recommended,222880,12697685,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Seb,"One of the best hardcore, realistic first person shooters. Variety of maps and game modes; no need to level up to gain access to weapons (all unlocked, weight system in place to decide what you can carry); barely any HUD; and a number of good Workshop mods.Not as 'hardcore'/slow and tough as some other first person shooters, but definitely has realistic, tactical elements. The game uses the Source engine, so it runs on almost anything really."
,Recommended,222880,12736350,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,LordOfGuzzle,"bro, its totally rad."
,Recommended,222880,12884816,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Hopeless💤,"Really nice graphics and enjoyable gameplay, the best part about this game by far though is its co-op's in-depth tactical game play and its tense (but friendly) community. 10/10"
76561198068218368,Recommended,222880,13102746,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tacticalbear,"Insurgency is the best realistic tactical game ever ! All of this game is realist, sounds, weapons, cry, graphism...You can shut down a guy with only 2 bullets. No it's not a cheatin' game, it's just REALIST, it's just insurgency"
,Recommended,222880,8424885,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kamrat Roger,IT IS LIKE THE MOD.THE MOD IS FUN SO THIS IS A GOOD BUY.I MISS THE CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATIONS FROM THE MOD BUT THIS GAME HAS MUCH MORE WEAPONS SO IT EVENS IT OUT.PROTIP: M1 CARBINE IS THE BEST WEAPON.EDIT: THIS GAME HAS EVEN MORE WEAPONS NOW! SO IT IS BETTER!
,Recommended,222880,8888504,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Dr Mantis Tobbogan  M.D.,"Whilst I haven't played too much of this game, I must say, I love it, everything about it, the ambience, the sound effects and the maps/gamemodes,  Iwould highly recommend this game especially considering it's only £10!"
,Recommended,222880,8890632,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ceeLoG {TwiTch.tv} GO BILLS!,"absolutely fantastic game. If you like Hardcore Simulators then this is for you. Teamwork is a must, without it this game would be pointless.. Everything down to the recoil is authentic. This game takes skill and is a good tool to build FPS skill by increasing game/real world sense."
76561198061687467,Recommended,222880,8929582,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Screwby,"In the last couple generations of gaming, First Person Shooters have strived for Realism in their games to immerse the players into the environments that they have created. In past FPS titles, this push for realism has been more of a Tug-of-War match between having fun and entertaining gameplay and its challenger, realistic immersion. Games like Arma will have a great amount of realism, but to the casual gamer it feels needlessly complex and mechanic. Similarly, games like Call of Duty and Battlefield give realism the backseat of the FPS car-pool Humvee in exchange for a more fast-paced gameplay that appeals to a casual base, but leaves Hardcore gamers wanting more.Insurgeny takes a machete to the rope that this pointless conflict uses and simply askes, ""Why can't we work together?"". Lets talk about this little known semaritan of FPSs. Insurgency is the standalone release of the award-winning mod of the same name made on the same engine. ""Whats the difference?"" I hear you calling from your decadent balcony of all-knowing wisdom. Well, this release brought all their guns to bear with the knowledge of how to use them.Lets get this out of the way. Gamers: we need to talk. I'll be straight forward with you, bullets from the noisy ends of rifles...they can kill people. I know, I know all that we have learned from Call of Duty is now ruined. If you need a moment I understand...theres a bag under your seat if you need it. Thats right! This game has real ballistics! The weapons in Insurgency are designed with surprising thought and attention to detail. High calliber rounds penetrate walls and other parts of the environment. Half the time when I'm getting shot at and I think I'm in cover, a barrage of bullets slinging around my poor choice of salvation snap me back into reality. There is also a large difference in calibres, muzzle length/velocity, kinetic energy of the different types of rounds, and so much more I want to cry sweet tears of game-development joy. A 9mm handgun will not stop a person as fast as a rifle unless you know how to use it. In an engagment with a machine-gunner with heavy body armor, I fired at him with a 9mm and thank god the recoil put my fourth shot on his head because his armor absorbed my best efforts with ease. And don't get me started on explosives. Too late. C4 in this game has true C4 range. If you set it down and plan to use it, you better head for the hills or you will be shredded into more bits then that Guy in the lazer hallway from Resident Evil. Also, grenades have a kill radius of more then two feet, so if one clinks your way you best find the nearest corner to go and cry in until the big scary explosions find another person to steal lunch money from.While were on the subject of Body Armor and player control, the detail flows in this department flows like a waterfall. Your player does not have a set health, being the best way I can put it. What does that mean? Your head is very vulnerable, despite what CoD says (If it seems like I'm calling them out a lot, its because I am). In fact, any part of your body that ISN'T covered in armor is vulnerable.  Shots to the chest and abdominal region of the body will, on the most part be stopped with the appropriate armor and if your enemy doesn't say, fire more than one bullet at your torso. However, places like your head, neck, arms and legs are more vulnerable to fire because of a lack of armor.The gameplay of Insurgency also raises the bar when it comes to Multiplayre games. Level design has the look of a place that people actually inhabit and you won't find cheap/random placement of chest-high walls to hide behind. Cover is where you make it or what building you cower behind for dear life. The game modes are a bit of tried and true ""go here and blow this up"", but the push and pull of capturing and lossing these points along with the progession of these gamemodes makes the game feel like it flows like an actual long lasting battle instead of a clunky race from objective to objective. The player movement and actual gunplay of Insurgency runs like a race car, with your player being able to do movements such as leaning and sliding to cover, which may not seems like much, but will become your metaphorical bread and butter in a firefight. Everything about the way players can move, shoot, and accomplish objectives makes the game feel fast paced and at times frantic, and coupling this with the Insurgency's stellar immersion you have yourself a challenging and realistic shooter thats fast paced and appealing to all audiences and will trap you into it's environment so much that you will feel actual fear while being shot at in some cases.Now to talk about a couple of things that I actually don't like. Sorry Insurgency, but you do have SOME problems. For starters, the AI used in the Coop mode aren't that great, but they are not that bad. The AI used in the game aren't your typical CoD Aimbot AI (sorry, but for the representative of all of FPS-dom you would think they would pull all the stops instead of cut corners). The AI will to a point communicate amongst themselves and depending on the weapon they use they will attack differently, such as a Sniper engaging in a slow and methodical manner while a Support will suppress with an LMG. However they only seem to be confortable defending. While attacking the AI is very sloppy. They have trouble tracking people that they are trying to find and they have the strategic cunning of Lemmings jumping off a waterfall to fight a duck. On defense however, the AI puts away its bottle and stops crying for their respective mommys and collects themselves into a hard to dislodge enemy.Another complaint (which I don't understand) is that the game uses sub-par textures, but I really don't have a problem. I mean this game isn't like a bunch of nazis looking into the Ark of the Covent from Indiana Jones. It won't melt your face and turn you to stone. It actually looks pretty ok, and when a game has this good gameplay who can complain about the graphics.All in all, its a very creative take on realism in an FPS and shows that you can have your gameplay and your immersion, too.Insurgency gets 8.5 controlled detonations out of 10"
,Recommended,222880,9646281,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,(=^･ｪ･^=)chiyo-chichi,Hardcore Team Based Epic Matches. Communications Galore.
76561198060829881,Recommended,222880,9699158,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Vangou,"Insurgency has pretty much found the perfect balance between realism and fun. All of the game modes force the players to coordinate as a team and approach tactically if they wish to come out victorious. The way the weapons handle, the rather slow movement speed, especially when moving backwards and sideways, and the fact that it generally only takes one or two bullets to stop anyone, makes it obvious that this is a game about out-smarting, rather than out-gunning.The above in combination with the generally rather menacing atmosphere of the levels makes Insurgency a really immersive experience which keeps you constantly on edge.It also has some of the best feeling and sounding weapons I've used in a game."
,Recommended,222880,9717949,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,ric6b,"Great tactical shooter, I've never been so afraid on a multiplayer game before!"
,Recommended,222880,9725017,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Firebeats,"Putin Loves.... It helps him be extra tactical for Ukraine Invasion.But seriously this is a VERY good game and I felt like I got a good deal buying it for 10 dollars. If you were to ask me this should be 20-30 dollars. I mean seriously GREAT GAMEPLAY! I am so use to running the battlefield and shooting, but if you do that you die... easy... Great job developers on a realistic tactical game. Three of my friends want this game, because I is good.Putin Power"
,Recommended,222880,8336106,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Artifact,"While I only have an hour or so built up on this game.It's clear that Insurgency will lead the pack.It feels like what CS:GO should have been! The gun control and the realism reminds me of CS 1.6; though a lot better and more defined. The game feels a lot more tactical, since it may only take a single shot or two to drop you.I love the way that they have implemented 'upgrades' to weapons with supply points - such as adding a scope, or suppressor to your weapon - just for that match. Great idea and great implementation.Few graphical bugs/hitbox bugs, but that's to be expected with an early release - such as crouching in an area (helicopter B site), then when iron-scoping your body become stuck in the helicopter.Overall, I'd recommend this game to who ever likes an old school shooter; with less modernisation and flash graphics. Just straight to the point tactical team-work FPS."
76561198038866975,Recommended,222880,8863109,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,The Lost Mech,The best FPS I've played in years. It's a mix of CSGO and Arma's realism. 10/10
,Recommended,222880,8884066,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Cexual Shocolate,"This game is BRILLIANT! I've only played a couple of hours of this magnificant beast and i can already see its amaizing potential! The gun mechanics and weight of your character and his ability to sprint overwellms me. The gun sway and recoil along with the puffing of your player as he is tired of running make some incredible gun fights and wrap the game up superbley. I would easily say this game has the potential to be one of the best games of the year, and its only an indie game! Absolutely stunning game, please. If you have any spare money, BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!"
,Recommended,222880,8887334,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Lazaraith,"If you like Tactical FPS, which involves a lot of critical thinking and strategy, then you would love this game. This game brought back that feeling of suspense in shooters I haven't felt since Rainbow Six back in the early 2000s. Get this game. You will not be disappointed."
76561198039818961,Recommended,222880,8888227,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Rodz,"Game which rewards patience, carefull planning with good team work. I think i found my alternative of BF4 LOL =DRecommended for FPS junkies out there!"
,Recommended,222880,8915834,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Bogus ecksdee,A really refreshing entry to the FPS genre - definitely worth the pricetag
,Recommended,222880,8953739,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Benjehh,10/10 psis
,Recommended,222880,9090463,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Squacho,"So far I've really enjoyed my time with Insurgency overall, but I've had a specifically fun time playing the co-op missions. It feels similar to Terrorist Hunt from the Rainbow Six games, but with actual objectives besides just ""kill the enemies."" Co-op requires a lot of teamwork, and it's in this mode that I've had the best social interactions as well. In a lot of standard multiplayer matches you will often have people not talking at all, whether that's because they're all talking on Skype or some other VOIP service, I dunno, but it seems like people are happy just running around on their own. That's not to say the multiplayer isn't awesome, because it is, I'm just saying that co-op is especially great. So if you're looking for a fun co-op game, I definitely recommend the game on the merits of that game mode alone."
,Recommended,222880,9096467,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Vq.| JustPlainGoat,"Insurgency is one of the best shooters I have ever played. Somewhat difficult game to grasp, yet very rewarding. There is no ""run-n-gun"" in this game, it is entirely tactical based. Every decision you make can ultimately be the deciding factor if your team wins or loses.What this game does great at doing is actually making you feel like you are in a REAL war--other games can't seem to do that in my opinion. Every weapon holds the power to 1 shot 1 kill another player (not from any distance of course) and it really impacts the way you play.For 15 bucks, you can't go wrong. This game will hold your attention for hours on end, that is, if you are smart enough to learn from your mistakes. In the beginning, YOU WILL DIE ALOT; however, if you pay attention to what you do wrong, your skill level can only go up.Last thing to mention, for anyone who is interested in the more competitive side, there are already tournaments being set up. The community for the game is fantastic, everyone is willing to help one another out.BUY IT!!!!!"
76561197977243014,Recommended,222880,9167356,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Jason,This game is Awsome!If you want a pure and true tactical first person shooter game this is it!I give this game a 10 out of 10The only draw back to me is  the game is a bit boring if none of your team mates talk and want to actually play tactically via mics. So you might want to jump into a vent or teamspeak chanel while gaming if you don't have friends online playing.The sound of the guns really suck to me but besides those to thinks I love this game! =)
,Recommended,222880,9274592,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Nippelwulf,"It's like Counter Strike, Battlefield 4 and Red Orchestra had a very sexy baby with good weapon mechanics, solid netcode and good graphics. No vehicles, but great infantry combat. Not as realistic as Red Orchestra, but not as arcadey as CS or BF4. Good mix of them all. Uses a currency system called Supply that lets you choose your loadout, armor, ammo type, explosives, etc. to a pretty solid degree. No guns are really overpowered, but some are very situational and lack some practical use in most maps.A lot of the voice chatter is people pretending to be Batman.8/10"
76561198017061245,Recommended,222880,9324277,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,☠ =Marty= ☠,Great game - great graphics - just wish the bots would stop shooting me !!!!Worth every penny.
,Recommended,222880,9410784,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,goreinator007,best FPS i have played so far
76561198057523612,Recommended,222880,9435275,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,N9ne_Lonewolf,"Insurgency, Where do i begin??? Excellent game! Captures everything C.O.D and BF does with a more little intence feel for a third the cst. Yes the graphics arnt the best and animations are iffy but you can quickly lose yourself in this game. and for 14.99 how can you not just try it out. Will not regret it."
76561198086083248,Recommended,222880,9467746,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Kevlar,This is a great game for people that are in between Batllefield and Call of Duty. If you want realism then this is the game for you. This is a game that definatly gets your heart pounding after you fire a couple bullets to a hiding enemy around a corner. I would definitly recomment this game for anyone that wants  a more realistic gameplay.
76561198020926953,Recommended,222880,13400951,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,ITheBull/Twitch,A very very properly made shooter! Counter stike is garbage compared to this!
76561198035328147,Recommended,222880,13643524,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hampenator,10/1
,Recommended,222880,13684697,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,FiFo.NutleyBoy,"Going back to the old style FPS, no silly bouncing around the screen here :-)"
76561198087305222,Recommended,222880,13728948,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,STRIKER1911,5 minutes into the game and already MVP10/10 would play again
,Recommended,222880,13812890,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,[SF] MooMan,"At time of writing I have 82 hours of Insurgency under my belt and I plan to add a 1000 more. I would have never guessed that a FPS without an experience or leveling system would be so addicting.Graphics: 6/10Insurgency is definitely not a looker. The game looks outdated as hell but the guns along with the gun animations are top notch. If you don't like the way the default guns look there are TONS of custom weapon skins and even custom guns that replace other guns in the workshop.Gameplay: 9.5/10Communication, communication, communication. I have never played a game before where communication was such a key to obtaining victory. A team without mikes is a dead time. While communication may not be ""everything"", it plays a huge part in Insurgency. If there is someone in a window with a suppressor mowing down half your team and no one tells your teammates about him, that can be an enormous problem for your team as you die in Insurgency in 1-3 bullets depending on which gun you're using.As for game modes, all modes are objective based, there are no straight up team deathmatches. All game modes require good teamwork and communication in order to secure victory. In most game modes, when you capture a point your entire team is respawned instantly and is granted another wave of respawning (unless your HQ is blown up, then no waves are granted).You are free to choose whatever weapons/attachments/gear you want from the get go, as long as you have enough Supply points. Each team has different classes as well, each with their own unique weapons/explosives. Certain classes also have cheaper attachments, like the Support class for the US has cheaper foregrips.Sound: 9/10Weapons sound just as beefy as they should, and explosions sound just as loud as they should. I definitely have to give props to the development team on this.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone with a taste for great gunplay and objective-based teamplay."
76561198063074250,Recommended,222880,14096921,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,bel,super cool game
,Recommended,222880,17284608,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Kingsland,"A source engine game that is pretty similar to Counter-strike minus the arcade feel that CS gives.  You are either an Insurgent with Kalashnikov-style weaponry, or a US Military type with the M16 platform, both trying to either defend or capture the other's objective - meanwhile keeping the game modes tactical and action packed the games progress.  The neat thing about this title is there is no wrong way to play, you can go for a heavily armored soldier with a tacticool M4 and night vision, or a quick, low weight, pistol wielding ninja that can get to places at unbelievable speeds.  Just remember, you are nothing without a team!"
,Recommended,222880,17368569,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Seemingly.,"It's a very difficult game that triumphs in skill and practice, but hey, isn't that so with every other multiplayer game?Insurgency is a very realistic multiplayer FPS that makes every shot in the dark (sometimes literally) to make this game hardcore and real. You can take weapons available for your selected role in the team and customize them with attachments to make them easier to handle and deadlier to use. Every shot counts and getting hit will most likely mean your death, as a ton of the weapons deal high damage and all can be equipped with armor penetration rounds to make kills easier. There are even missions in the night, forcing you to use flashlights and night vision goggles to keep you aware of your surroundings.Getting kills in this game is incredibly satisfying, because the weapons do so much damage, and you know that you got that kill because you outsmarted and outplayed the people that try to threaten the progress of your team. It's also rewarding to defend objectives, because a single person can single-handedly hold a chokepoint crucial to the other team's success, granted you can get past any of the smokes and grenades the enemy team throws down.If you're the kind that has the patience to practice and adopt to high skill ceilings, then this game is definately for you."
,Recommended,222880,17531741,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Nurf01 👌,its a pretty good game
76561198064500864,Recommended,222880,15524989,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Balik,"Extremly realistic tactical shooter. I really loved the game. If you are looking for a realistic warfare experience, you will love this game, else you can get frustrated in the nick of time."
,Recommended,222880,9583760,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,INTROSP3CTIVE,"Insurgency is a fantastic game that appeals to those who are fans of the CounterStrike series. I have always favored tactical shooters over ones that encourage induvidual performance over team performance. Despite a few minor bugs (the floating guns being one of them), the game performs very well and the graphics are quite nice. There are many different game modes to choose from but all of them force you to appreciate the value of your life due to the amount of time you'll spend waiting to respawn or start a new round when you first start playing.It does take a while to learn the maps and figure out where everyone loves to hide out and there isn't a killcam so don't get discouraged if you die constantly at first from unknown locations. There are not as many people playing this game as I would hope but there are a handful of active servers to play on that almost always have between 20 and 30 people online at any given time. I would recommend using the server browser to find a server that you like rather than the automated server selection system.I could see the community growing for this game especially if there is a regular release of content to keep players interested as well as the addition of some kind of induvidual player progression. I play on a server with a ranking system which is more than enough to keep me interested but I imagine that most players will want some kind of progression so they feel as though they are working towards something while playing the game.In conclusion, I'd say this game is a great alternative to CounterStrike: Global Offensive that offers a refreshing take on tactical shooters. Remember, communication is paramount to success in this game. Work with your team and you'll have a blast playing this game."
,Recommended,222880,9648930,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,A Pimp Named Slickback,"Looking at this game before buying it, it looked amazing. When I got the game.... IT IS SO MUCH MORE AMAZING! It has that feel of Call of Duty 4 on hardcore mode. Brings it back to when gaming was at it's prime. This game is so much fun, wish Call of Duty would have stayed just like CoD 4, just like how Insurgency is! FOR SURE this is 100% worth every penny, IF NOT MORE!. I got it just a week ago, and sadly I missed the sale, because for right now it is $9.99, although I don't mind. Cause like I said, it is WELL worth the cash!!!!"
,Recommended,222880,9750933,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,penny,this game is soso my leather so soft
76561198114445977,Recommended,222880,9769846,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,undercoverfire_22,"Awesome and extremely satisfying FPS game. The game revolves around tactics, stealth and teamwork. 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,10023317,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Bucket,"At last, an online fps that isn't made for 10 year olds. This is the most realistic game I have ever played. If you run around blindly shooting at everything you see, you will DIE. You have to think you are in a real war and act appropriately to do any good in this game. It will not suit everyone as it is not always fast paced, although there are plenty of frantic moments, but once you master it, you will thoroughly enjoy it. I hope it stays around for a very long time."
76561198063631818,Recommended,222880,9771841,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,JoFlo Antonio,Fun.
76561198048902958,Recommended,222880,11630346,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Dolphin,Really fun Realistic but fast paced shooter.
76561198145736046,Recommended,222880,11630414,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,hearingflame,hard as ♥♥♥♥ need alot of time to get the grips
76561198009296086,Recommended,222880,11631017,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Pfristhead,Great Game Seen Many Shooters and also an Avid Shooter IRL i feel quite amazed at the quality of this. gets your blood pumping and the sounds are just amazing. the only thing i see wrong is AI is Head Glitching and are spot on with RPG.
76561198056360515,Recommended,222880,11631204,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Smoking big doinks in Amish,10/10 Had a 5 year old yell allah akbar and not know what it ment and got in trouble.
,Recommended,222880,11631469,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MrCharles,great game i recemend to everyone
76561198009583594,Recommended,222880,11631470,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,PewPewPro,"Fantastic game, similar to America's Army (before it went to♥♥♥♥♥♥ or RO2 but more streamlined, better sound design, and maps that encourage CQC. A very good balence between a Sim (ARMA) and Arcade (COD) shooter."
,Recommended,222880,11631722,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,FAZE PUSSYSUCC,hard as hell but still awesome
,Recommended,222880,11631737,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Meowmii,One of the most realistic games ive ever played but 1 prob i dont like is the hipfiring of this game. I hate it when people hipfire.
76561198041251177,Recommended,222880,11631847,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Girl_Gamer,"Realistic tactical shooter, I wish every fps was like this :)"
,Recommended,222880,11632045,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Hwhoop,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Recommended,222880,11632667,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,DandM,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥АТА !
76561198142011178,Recommended,222880,11632730,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Coast2CoastAM74,"Really cool, intense, hardcore gameplay!"
76561198105390326,Recommended,222880,11645662,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Rowzo,This game may cause Flash backs.
76561197960834807,Recommended,222880,11645817,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Raspy,"In a way this game reminds me of an old favourite of mine, the original Operation Flashpoint. Not the look or game itself bears much resemblence, but more around the fiendish AI and the ease with which you can die. One random shot to the head and it's all over, so much so that you can do everything right, peak around a corner for just a moment and a lucky shot takes your head off.The AI is also pretty intelligent, trying to flank you and surround you. Granted, I've seen it sitting in a few silly places, facing walls and the like but for the most part it presents a decent opponent. It will even shoot at you through objects which the shots can penetrate, plus throw in grenades occasionally which makes it difficult to camp even against the AI.I've only played the co-operative modes so far as PVP isn't really my thing, but it's already provided me a good few hours of fun. I'd definitely recommend it while on sale and if you like PVP then I'd say it's good value even at full price."
76561198095210033,Recommended,222880,11646059,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,ChipChip,awesome game
,Recommended,222880,11646388,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Dullsilver,Amazing game! Very well made.
,Recommended,222880,11646915,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TexasAg04,"Awesome mix of Rainbow Six, SOCOM, and CS."
,Recommended,222880,11647125,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,MyNamesFuRii,"Really enjoy playing this game, very realistic combat and the game itself isnt that demanding, It is a great game I would recommend it. People always working together in situations and a very competitive atmostphere."
76561198121840547,Recommended,222880,11648857,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,аыаыфпвффв,HOLY CRAP ITS AWESOME!
,Recommended,222880,11650662,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Jackson,Not for the faint hearted. Anyone who doesn't enjoy Dayz shouldn't buy this.
76561198112976807,Recommended,222880,12179931,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,WOLFE,10/10 would ♥♥♥♥
76561198053241435,Recommended,222880,12186296,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,infamy,"In my opinion it's an extremely good game, one of my favourites probably. But not everyone will like it, it is highly relistic with an insane damage model. You really feel the fight, you feel in the middle. Some parts of the community are very nice and encourage teamplay and voice chat..other not so much ;).There many awesome mods on the workshop and loads of good skins, and best of all they cost f*ck all, not like in CS:GO.Very little bugs, immersive and well thought out maps, constant updates and patches and a decent population.All in all a very good game and a must buy for 14,99 for people who like highly realistic, hardcore shooters!"
76561198046808610,Recommended,222880,12223973,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Thepeanut23,"Class multiplayer FPS, thoroughly recommend if you love reliastic, skill based and team central multiplayer:D:D:D"
,Recommended,222880,12229521,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,retakrew7,"A hardcore shooter, where the developers simply did nothing wrong, which is incredibly rare today."
,Recommended,222880,12405651,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,chillycheese,If you don't like COD you play Counter-Strike. If you don't like Counter-Strike you play Insurgency.
,Recommended,222880,12847496,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Lunchmoney,Awesome game
,Recommended,222880,12889220,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Learn Some - FNC SHIT ON LG,"One of the best, if not the best FPS game I have ever played."
76561197990303978,Recommended,222880,12980933,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Toaster,i buy gamei get shoti shot peoplei think 10/10
,Recommended,222880,13006469,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,xSnow,This is hands down the best war sim you will ever play. Without a doubt will put fear in your hearts as you run across open areas praying to not get hit as you hear the hiss of bullets rushing past.
,Recommended,222880,13015855,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Gretel Mk Monkey,"Yes, there actually is a good military shooter besides Counter-Strike. Shocking, isn't it?"
,Recommended,222880,13081063,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,KiTTyZa,"YOUR system Requrements:*Patience*Quick Reaction time*Make split-second decisions*Know where the exact middle of you screen is (Since there is no crosshair)A game for those who have played Counter-Strike and thought: Could be a little more hardcore...I only have about 45 hours on this game, but I can tell you one thing, this game is worth buying.If its on special or not, this game will make CoD pvp feel like a breeze. You the camping type? 11/10 game for you!Don't like camping? 11/10 , game for you!The Good:Insurgency has allot of features CS , CoD and Battlefield should look at. F.e: Limited amount of snipers. Snipers and camping is a major problem with CS, CoD and Battlefield. This takes those problems away by limiting the amount of players able to choose a specific class. F.e: 1 Sniper, 2 LMG's, 4 Riflemen, 2 Explosive experts etc.The community for this game is about 2 million times more friendly than that of CoD. There are a few wrotten apples, but most people are calm, and those who arent rage and go play something else. Never encountered a hacker aswell. If someone pisses you off, don't shoot, friendly fire is always on and one hit from anything that isnt a pistol will kill him/her. I am also delighted to say that I have never met a single person under the age of 13 who plays this game. At 13 years of age, I think I might be the youngest person to own this game.The Bad:Still a few glitches, like getting stuck onto things, or bots that dodge your bullets with prone. (Believe it or not, lag + brutal difficulty bots = MLG bullet dodging skills) Another problem: Its so realistic, sometimes (*NOTE* SOMETIMES) it makes it unreal. Like getting shot in the foot 3 times... I died... Yes , you bleed in real life, but not that quickly... this is a problem with many games, and as of such should be ignored. But the only thing that I do not like is the graphics. I know it runs on source enjin, but the trees are awfull. The guns however are beautiful, but the trees...Over All:Technically CS, CoD and Battlefield are all better than this game... but I disagree. This game cannot be compared to any of thise games, it's in a leaugue of its own.9.8/10Because I'm an impulsive perfectionist"
,Recommended,222880,13486884,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sevirak,"If you like Counter-Strike, or if you have some gripes with it, then you will enjoy this game. Insurgency deals with almost all of the problems I have with Counter-Strike, such as shot inaccuracy, aim down sights, damage/health, weapons and attatchements, and more. Insurgency is a mostly-realistic FPS that allows customization without an unlock system and selective fire on most weapons, two huge points for me. I highly recommend Insurgency if you want a realistic and heartpounding experience."
,Recommended,222880,14235585,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Wookiee MT,Great blend of Counter-Strike and the older America's Army.
,Recommended,222880,17247811,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,the great yellow one,"I honestly cannot find fault with this game. It's simply amazing, I love playing it! The devs are fully dedicated to the game and release patches ASAP after identifying any bugs/glitches. The gameplay is amazing, some great mechanics put in place there. This game is unique in terms of gameplay. There is also an element of realism present. The community is  generally really friendly, it's not exactly small but if you play 5v5 firefight often like me you tend to meet the same players over and over again, which I find quite nice, as you get to spark up relationships with these people. This tends to make the game more enjoyable :). This is probably the first proper review I have written, but I just felt like I should do something as this game has been fun from the first minute. I'm not too sure why, maybe because of the player counts or the weapons or something, but Insurgency actually reminds me of Battlefield 2 in some ways. I can't really explain why(-_-) it just does. I have been playing since the original mod, and i find it's actually quite a nice thing to watch a game flourish, in this case from a free mod to a paid game that is well worth the money i paid for it. Absolutely DO get it if it's on sale, and  buy it full price if you like the look of it.10/10. gg random suicide bomber guy, gg."
76561197997263645,Recommended,222880,17283648,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SiMe,"Insurgency blew my mind in the first 5 minutes. Let me tell you shortly why: You feel the warzone under your feet when advancing with your team, you can smell the smoke after C4 blast and taste your own blood after surviving rifle shot from distance (this won't happen often thou). Playing this game brings back my sweet memories from times when boy bands and Ghost Recon games roamed earth.+ Realistic+ Only weapons own sigth+ 1-3 rounds from any weapon kills (Headshot always kills)+ No ammo count+ No kill feed+ Awesome maps & game modes (Being VIP with only a pistol while others try defend you against assassination just kicks♥♥♥♥♥I have friends who play FPS-games A LOT, like CS:GO etc. and after trying Insurgency ONCE, they immediatly started to play it instead of their current favorite. This tells a lot about game IMO. Team which is behind Insurgency will achieve great things, they have beated HUGE gamefactories with their little details and well balanced gaming system. Everything works, there is no reason not to like Insurgency. I hope that I will see you soon on the battlefields :)"
76561198122473008,Recommended,222880,13713161,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Joshua Cook [A3PL],"I believe that Insurgency is a very good game and highly reccomend it, It is a very hardcore first person shooter. I would also like to say that I have a copy if anyone would want it if for some reason they cant afford it!"
76561198026558639,Recommended,222880,13764613,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,s q u i s h y,"Insurgency humiliates EVERY OTHER tactical FPS out there. The graphics, audio, map-design, effects, gamemodes and mechanics are abolutely amazing. The gameplay is incredibly immersive and forces you and your team to focus and communicate. This is not a game for the impatient players. It is difficult and it will punish you. The developers at NWI are good listeners and keep providing great updates and patches.Overall an amazing game with amazing developers. Highly tactical and a lot of fun."
,Recommended,222880,16846926,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,:thinking:,"Usually I don't write honest reviews but this game has got me to the point of writing the honest review.When I played my first match, I chose the sniper class and sat near the base. I slowly crept up and got my first kill. This game is way more competitive then CS:GO when I played only 1 match. It shows that Teamwork matters and you need it to survive. Also, when sniping, no matter what, your shots are never 100% accurate. Even prone. I will list my pros and cons.Pros:-Teamwork encouraged-Cool mods for guns-You get 3 guns for each class, so little bit of choice.-Workshop allows you to change gun skins-Maps are nicely laid out-Graphics on low aren't that bad.Cons:-Hit reg seems off-A big learning curve, but worth it.I hope you pick this game up if you like a mix of CS:GO, Battlefield, and even some TF2 (Teamwork wise).Nice game and I hope it is consistently updated."
76561198137480728,Recommended,222880,20905848,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,M. Becker,"15 bucks will get you better gameplay and content then a lot of new $80 games. Then once you start using the steam workshop and realize there is endless content, maps, game modes, zombies....They also just came out with a new ww2 game mode and guess how much the dlc was....free. Best devs i wish i could give them more money."
,Recommended,222880,22875807,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,DRΛGON [DC] [160th SOR],love it best game i own.. lots of cool subscribes and is fun to playplay iti am looking forword to seeing you on the battlefield... see you soon soldier
,Recommended,222880,9697930,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Prozonx,This game is by FAR the best realistic FPS shooter I've ever played! 10/10!!!
76561198009170702,Recommended,222880,9707867,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Priority_1,"A wonderful FPS MMO game. You must work as a team; go down a hall or across a field alone; your dead. This is not a 'shoot from the hip' type of game, use your gun sights/scope. Team tactics are key to winning a battle!"
76561198054343314,Recommended,222880,9710451,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,A Nice Profile,"One of my current favorite games. Very intense and hardcore, not to mention realistic. For 14.99 you get a COD-Battlefield-Red Orchestra baby that will be hard to put down. BUY IT NOW"
,Recommended,222880,9947495,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,DK1,"Great fun, excellent AI and really good tactical game."
,Recommended,222880,10348984,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Sleeves,"Very amazing game, although the good old ct vs. tt scenario is getting old due to CS:Franchise but still an awesome game filled with action!"
,Recommended,222880,10356755,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Nexis,Best game forever !
76561198003922696,Recommended,222880,10382994,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Beans,"Insurgency is fantastic at what it does. Atmospheric small skirmishes, high levels of detail and realism. Enough customization to keep it interesting. I think it takes Red Orchestra's formula, shrinks it down, polishes it, and releases it as more of a counterstrike style game. I have really, really enjoyed it. Best shooter I've played in quite a while."
,Recommended,222880,10385825,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Deputy Tootle,"Great game, Good graphics and Nice gameplay. But I hated the death penalty system, You die. You don't do anything. If they could be a little lighter on the death system the game would be complete, But this game is recommended to all players and all gamers a 10/10 must buy!"
,Recommended,222880,10582000,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Aagren,good
,Recommended,222880,10600753,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,マンコ,Lol valve pls fixwow
,Recommended,222880,10602444,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GoodBoy,BEST FPS GAME very fun and realistic it is also abit slow moving great game!
,Recommended,222880,10799151,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[HHA] NanoShakes,"Great game, loads of fun, I just can't get enough of this game."
,Recommended,222880,11131024,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Delos,Best game by far. COD players learn a new lesson on actual skill shooting and more team based combat.
,Recommended,222880,11626772,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Fox,"Remember when Battlefield 4 felt like CoD with vehicles? Yeh. Me too. After that HUGE disappointment, this game is a god send.Insurgency is probably the best game I've played for having realistic and satisfying combat, Usually one calculated shot can kill someone, The game encourages squad play and above all, a slow and calculated approach."
,Recommended,222880,11632529,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,walleye20,"One of the most intense and realistic games I have ever played. This is no fast, quickscope games like Call of Duty, it's amazingly tactical and rewards teamwork. This game can also be so immersive like your actually fighting in a modernwar I had to check every single aspect I could see wether that be entering a room or and empty street knowing it only takes a few bullets to drop somebody really makes this game amazingly intense, realistic, and satisfying. There are no kill texts so each time ou fire at a hostile contact, you won't no whether you got him or not unless you can see his lifeless body then you know he's down. I highly reccomend for realistic and relaxed fans to give it a go."
76561198142719140,Recommended,222880,11652555,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,xXmattigamesXx,i like tis game is so no boring and the fps is so big :)
,Recommended,222880,11667223,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,TheMasterPotato,"A fantastic game!... a realistic shooting game, with realistic weapon damage.. and fast paced!..... i would recommend this game to anyone looking for a brilliant shooting game, also sound effects of guns and explosions are really good!"
,Recommended,222880,12227172,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Little Rocket Man,operator as fug
,Recommended,222880,12752921,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,XxVapeMasterxX,It's good.
,Recommended,222880,12763523,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Iraq Lobster,You like FPS? Buy it!You like CS? Buy this game!You like Arma series? Buy this game!Need weapon mods? Insurgency will help you!
,Recommended,222880,8976846,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Just Tom,Best fps in a long time!
,Recommended,222880,9046011,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,KingSix,"A great shooter. It's closer to Red Orchestra than Battlefield, tactically sound but slow. Good laugh with friends, but fun to play solo as well."
,Recommended,222880,9060911,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,masoe,Absolutely the most fun I've had on an FPS on PC in a decade. This is what the next Counter Strike should have been. Hit registration is solid and the game balance is amazing. This isn't your typical run and gun. This game requires teamwork through VOIP and awareness that other FPS games don't require. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,222880,9068235,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,sixshields,"PROS:Huge value game, very fun, good graphics, local servers (woo aussie), realistic battles.CONS:Sometimes buggy graphics, not alot of maps yet, needs mod tools.If you're looking for a realistic FPS this is it! Great graphics (albeit sometimes buggy), has co op, loads of fun and alot of players! Buy it if you need a new FPS to play, you won't be dissapointed!Rating: 8.5/10"
,Recommended,222880,9076812,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr. Rockatanksy,"If Ghost Recon and Counter Strike had a baby, it would be Insurgency.Enough reading. Stop being weak and download this game."
76561198097017456,Recommended,222880,9169264,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,mxstylie,This game is really fun. I'm just getting into it and even though I don't quite know the maps yet it is still fun. I just stick with my teammates. If you are looking for a more realistic shooter this is for you. One shot and two shot kills. No mini map or crosshairs or any frills like you find in other games.
76561198104817673,Recommended,222880,9199001,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,CaptainAntman,"Great Small Mission Game! its one of those everyonce in a while sit downs to play for about 2 hours or so, the damage of weapons is very realistic 1-3 shots 9/10 times their dead...Higly Reccomend this"
,Recommended,222880,9222069,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Homie307,10/10 would buy
76561198086420813,Recommended,222880,9228907,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Erebus,"Insurgency is a shooter that really captures that feel of immersion. Once you are in this game there is no coming out. It's more hardcore and a little slower than say, BF4 or CoD: Ghosts, but it's so realistic and tactical and fun that you can easily lose a few hours to it when you only meant a play 2 or 3 rounds.Now onto the performance. No game breaking bugs. I haven't found any bugs at all, in fact. Runs stably over 60 fps. No kill trades. Great hit registration. Overall great performance. One thing I have found though is that if you Alt-Tab during a game and then Alt-Tab back then the screen is black and will take a few seconds to come back to the game.So as a summary here are my pros and cons:Pros:-Immersive-Great performance-Fantastic ""netcode""-Very tactical-Very realistic-No game breaking bugs-Interesting game modes-Pace is better than some other hardcore shooters on the market-Game knows what its trying to doCons:-Alt-Tabbing makes the game freeze for a few secondsInsurgency is over all a great game in my opinion, and is deffinitely awesome for the $15 price tag. You should probably get it if you like the idea of a hardcore tactical shooter with a great pace and interesting game modes."
76561198029875494,Recommended,222880,9263787,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,cheechnya,"Insurgency is a solid shooter. It has exceptionally tight gunplay with powerful and responsive weapons. It is very intense and most importantly it ""feels"" real from a minute to minute basis where something like Arma can fail to immerse the player in the short term.However, success in this game is about 40 percent reaction time and accuracy and about 60 percent map knowledge. This, like the Red Orchestra franchise, is an utterly miserable experience until you gain a passing familiarity with the maps. Where to ""camp"", which murder holes to hide behind, where the out of bounds actually is, etc etc is essential to enjoyment. If one can get past the initial learning curve, Insurgency is a great little visceral shooter."
,Recommended,222880,9264376,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Rod Latruth,Brilliantly realistic but i would wait for an update because it is currently as stable as a gorrila in high heels walking down a cobblestone street. other than stability issues its pretty damn fun.
76561198050344971,Recommended,222880,9271847,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,tactical-reload,the best CQB military fps game
76561198115487437,Recommended,222880,9340106,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Brenold,so ♥♥♥♥ing dope. might be the best fps i've played since bf3. since cs. this is what cs was supposed to be.
,Recommended,222880,9360910,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Lego Evinion,"If you’re sick of the run and gun nature of Call of Duty but find the simulation aspects of something like Arma a bit too daunting, Insurgency is the perfect middle ground, and a supremely enjoyable multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,222880,9368310,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,floopsybunny,really fun i play this game whenever i have a chance you should definately get it also NOT LIKE COD so its a lot more tactical
,Recommended,222880,9494238,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Classy Pepe,"very good game, it's really good. I don't have much to say but if u have small♥♥♥♥♥♥then the game isn't for you."
76561198059145451,Recommended,222880,9506887,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Not Aaron,"Really fun, the only thing is that the A.I. can be a little stupid somethimes. But worthe buying!"
76561198083522397,Recommended,222880,9569370,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,infamy,"i wish they would hurry up with the workshop, or at least add more weapons/maps. games dying fast :'("
,Recommended,222880,9635061,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,KuroT1k,A real hardcore FPS. Realistic as♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,222880,9635176,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,SwanSong,Very Good game with fun muti and my fav part of the game is the co-op :D
76561198131241833,Recommended,222880,9685669,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,"No, I Don't","this is a new and unique TACTICAL fps which is fun realalistic and it's defenitly worth $15 or $10 which is its ""week long deal"" price"
,Recommended,222880,9698532,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,lolpeeps555 [TC] no Internet,It's an amazing game.I just love how it started out as a mod for a game then became it's own game.It's very easy to run i get an avrage of 20-25 fps with a♥♥♥♥♥♥computer.
,Recommended,222880,9701247,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,PaPaQba,This game is amazing. Perfect blend of realistic/tactical FPS. Nice amount of weapons and classes keep it fresh. The gamemodes are no joke. Not for the faint of heart.
76561198055482762,Recommended,222880,9708420,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Big Papi Joseph,Amazing game
76561198126198963,Recommended,222880,9708790,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Alphastep,Insurgency Is an amazing game! Its a lot of fun although can be a little bit frustrating some times. Ill will be playing and realize i have a chance to flank the other team and get all excited. Then i end up forgetting to check a corner or something simple like that and get killed and by the time you respawn you missed your shot haha. Really though this game is a lot of fun definitly worth getting
,Recommended,222880,9711220,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Bolshevik Badger,Really great gunfights
,Recommended,222880,9720543,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Cigarette Fred,If this game had a ranking system it would be the only game i'd play!!!!!!!
,Recommended,222880,9723697,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,"Encounter Will, D&D Sex Icon",Get it fam
76561197981770265,Recommended,222880,9727961,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,[BIS] Megagoth1702,"♥♥♥♥ing beautiful game! Not in graphics but in gameplay! 10 minutes into the game / training you feel like youre in a real environment, the game is so hardcore and non forgiving, but still with easy controls that you have no problems getting IMMERSED into it. Add a few friends to play this with tacticaly and you are in for a blast.Awesome purchase!"
,Recommended,222880,9746368,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Aranel,"Realism of Arma and Americas Army + the dynamics of the Counter Strike. It's awesome, the cooperation is crucial, no running around, jumping and sniper ownage, just raw tactical shooter!"
,Recommended,222880,9760415,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Kai,Excellent game! one of the best FPS games I played in a long time. IF you're not into rambo style shooting games then this is the game for you!
,Recommended,222880,9791822,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,13ushwacker,"Insurgency is a multiplayer FPS game. It is a challenging, highly tactical game - meaning not run and gun. It has a strong community and community made maps are supported!!! It reminds me a lot of Delta Force Black Hawk Down. What I like most is that the maps are not to small or to big. The play is CQB, no tanks, planes, robots, etc. Just soldier against insurgent. Awesome!"
,Recommended,222880,9792390,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TeachU2FighT,"In a day and age where AAA publishers can not even seem to put out a working game, Insurgency is a breath of fresh air. Ultra real, ultra unforgiving, ultra fun."
,Recommended,222880,9795413,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Svargonsun,"Insurgency is awesome, ingaging and great teamplay game. I have been looking for a great FPS for a while and this fits perfectly. While the game is fun i cannot play it for long periods of time as the game has no ranking system and there is not much really to play for. The Devs behind this game are very good and i would love to see if maybe thay would add a ranking system similar to Counter Strike Global Offensive Compet, this would make this game my favourite FPS by far. I recommend buying it but keep in mind you are gonna need some friends to play with you. Awesome game overall. :P"
76561197972894954,Recommended,222880,9833806,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Kinglet Primary,Love it! Thats all I have to say about it. I have been waiting for a realistic fps for a long time and now its hear.
,Recommended,222880,9838693,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Maxiibon,"Awesome game! I recommend it to Battlefield, Counter-Strike and basically any other FPS players! Tactics are especially important in this game.Pros & ConsProsGood graphicsGamemodes are greatRealisticRealistic Fatigue ManagementNo fake BSConsNeeds more players! Get this game and you won't regret it.10/10"
76561198070789354,Recommended,222880,9861755,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Deadly,"If CounterStrike: Global Offensive isn't real enough for you, Insurgency takes you deep into team based operations versus competative AI or other people. Maps are super detailed with empty houses to towers to buildings to sniper nests to help take an objective, just watch out for RPG's :)"
,Recommended,222880,9885163,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,The Notorious V.A.G.,"Get you and your crew settle together and take down other teams, this is the actual feel of realistic survival in battle under fire, the gameplay is smooth, the customization of controls in this game are exesively needed in every game! dispite the graphics that dont matter because the game is indie. its pretty tough for new comers, makes the aim perfect."
76561198069602492,Recommended,222880,9896759,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,CaptainLeasky,This game is amazing when you change your settings to fit your computer i like it way better than ghost
76561198039900535,Recommended,222880,9901279,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,gen_stallonee,"a really enjoyable game alone or with friends, the community that plays this game is overall very friendly makes for good and fun games."
76561198067044857,Recommended,222880,10384561,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Mito-SVK,Fun !
,Recommended,222880,10401503,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,BarterClub,You got love the really hard part about this game. They take what most games through away because it was to hard. They use smoke and realism to make a great kiss **s game.
,Recommended,222880,10401969,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Aldo the Apache,mmmmhhhmmmmmm
76561198045140632,Recommended,222880,10420123,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Trevor Belmont,"A modernized Red Orchestra with smaller maps. Most of the maps are amazing. However the problem with the maps is that the community seems to vote for the same 3 or 4 maps so there isn't going to be a lot of map variety (or at least there isn't in my time of playing). The guns are great and are even better if you download an enhanced Insurgency sound pack. One or two shots and the enemy is down, you won't have to worry about wasting your ammo... unless you're on full auto, that sh*t is hard to control at med-long ranges. There aren't very many weapons to choose from however but I've heard from the developers that they're working on new weapons.The community is... strange, to say the least. Haven't come across too many problems in regards to people mic spamming and trolling. A quick vote kick will change that even if you do come across a mic spammer.I'd recommend this game to anyone who loves first person shooters. It's slow paced, so don't go expecting to sprint around the map and spray the crap out of the enemy because you will die. It's easy to adjust to so don't let that ""slow paced tactical realism"" description turn you away.7.5/10"
,Recommended,222880,10454969,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,CSRuble,"Insurgency, originally a mod for Half-Life, is back and better than ever!Insurgency takes place in the Middle East,in modern times. The locals are trying to usurp the government, (hence the name Insurgency), and it's up to the US to keep these troublemakers away.Insurgency is like a mix between Counter-Strike and Battlefield, a blend of tactics and amazing gameplay. You will definitely need to use your team to win. Like in Tom Clancy games, fight together, or die alone.This game even has a co-op gamemode, where players take control of a US firesquad and fight AI Insurgents.I recommend this game to anyone who likes playing tactical shooters.Oh, and if you play shooters like COD, don't be surprised when you get killed instantly."
,Recommended,222880,10483342,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,darkstaride,"Insurgency - Buying this game, has no regret. I bought the 4 pack and gave it to my bestfriends! They have enjoyed it and played with me too.Pros:Modifcations for the Weapons (Realistic)Guns ( Realistic unlike some other games *cough cod* )Tactical RealismWhen you are getting fired out, you actually get supressed.The graphics are amazing!I never seen a hacker before!This game actually requires team communcations.Cons:When you are spraying the Heavy machine guns (M249 OR RPK) in reallife they get hot and stop to work for a couple minutes. In insurgency they should add that because players tend to spray their's m249, which is basically OP (Overpowered).The M14 SPR kinda looks cartoonie..Otherwise, great game. 11/10(My first review for a very good game!)"
,Recommended,222880,10485736,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,<<{BLS}>>Blue,"This game is realistic and has an uncluttered and minimal HUD. The weapons function like they would if you were physically using them in battle. Snipers are one hit, pistols are 2 or 3, and same thing for SMGs and LMGs. This is not like Call of Duty or Battlefield where the weapons deal unrealistic damage to the other player and compensate with the other weapons to be balanced. I do wish this game was available on Linux to add to my collection of Linux titles."
,Recommended,222880,10533312,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Rave's.HoungZ™,this game realy make me feel in the middle of war!! like REAL!! like it..
76561198066548333,Recommended,222880,10575201,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Drelue,Great game! Almost like Arma and CounterStrike had a baby.
,Recommended,222880,10639782,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Closure,Great game more tactical than CS.
,Recommended,222880,10756699,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sensitive Man,It's great. Imagine Call of Duty - squeakers + strategy + one shot kills
,Recommended,222880,10766765,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RanchMeMello,"10/10 threw a molotov on 3 of the security team watched them burn and then got stabbed in the back.  Will play again.Smallish maps, but awesome tactical gameplay. You're really going to have to get used to this game if you've been playing BF or CoD. Can't just run around all willy nilly like you're invincible, but I bought this game to get away from that, and so far it has been a exceptional choice. It still has a ways to go, but is very exciting."
,Recommended,222880,10778431,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Chief Measures-Ping-In-Seconds,It's as smooth as Battlefield and realistic as ArmA that puts you right in the fight.
,Recommended,222880,10779328,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,No Seatbelts,the combat is intense and i love the suspese of the one hit kill gun fights. but i do not recomend for most players cause if your in to the norm of level progression and arena shooting this  might not be for you.
76561198018523057,Recommended,222880,10813718,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Danne,"The damage model rocks, 1 shot in the chest or above usually results in a kill, the gameplay is really tactical and requires cooperation. If you're sick of all COD-clones, or for example BF selling out, try this game. It is raw, gritty and punishing but very satisfying at points. You really take the life of your character serious as it is usually one life, except if your teams caps an objective or destroys a weapons cache.9/10totally worth it.+ FREE DLC"
,Recommended,222880,10898693,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RaGdOlLbOy,I keep losing in Coop because the entire team keeps getting blown up by one RPG10/10 would get blown up again.
76561198048930929,Recommended,222880,10916154,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CG_17,"This game is an affordable, enjoyable and great example of a good FPS. It reminds me a bit of Battlefield 3. I prefer its combat much better than your typical Call Of Duty, my favourite aspect is that you die easily, a few bullets then lights out. If you enjoy games like CS:GO this is a great game for you.  9/10"
,Recommended,222880,11274160,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Flashman440,"I have only had the game for a few weeks and wasn't sure how I would take to it. The more I play the game though, the more I am liking it. Multiplayer is much more fun than coop.Play it if you like hard core in BF4, PTFO and don't get discouraged if you go on a bit of a death streak.It is unforgiving and the learning curve is steep but the tension it builds is amazing, and the elation of a win or kill streak is great because you earned it.Take the time to learn the maps and you will do better and find it can be faster paced than you initially thought.The campers can be a bit frustrating but you can work around them or they fail to take an objective and lose anyway.The community seems pretty reasonable for the large part and I was happy people were patient with my noob mistakes. there are a few idiots who TK or troll but they seem to get kicked quick smart.I have found the game to play well, I haven't been impacted badly by any bugs. The key thing is it feels like a fair game and if you lose or get killed it was your own doing not some failure or bug in the game. This is pretty refreshing after playing a couple of recent titles. Highly reccommend the game and also persevering through the initial♥♥♥♥♥♥kicking you will recieve.8/10 and a shout out to the developers for putting together such a good game."
76561198136325637,Recommended,222880,11370026,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,rmbmasterz,"if your in to guns, and customization, and multiplayer this is definitly the game for U"
76561198029255854,Recommended,222880,11494172,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,sleep,"Insurgency is pretty much a hardcore FPS. No kill cams, No mini maps, No crosshairs, your on your own. Except for your team mates of course. If you strigize with your team winning matches is a piece of cake. Failing to cordinate with your team ends up in a cluster♥♥♥♥,This is the best multiplayer experience I have had in any game. No one is ♥♥♥♥ing anyones mom, There are not very many skweakers because they all stay with CoD for the most part. Everyonce in awhile you will find that CoD players come on and do there run and gun thing the promptly get killed and leave never to return. The community is pretty small there is only a max of 700 players on at one time but you can always find a good game.The devs are the best though, They are always on top of any problem that may occour and are currently adding new content and listen to the community.I would really suggest this game to anyone who loves becoming imurssed in a game and getting PTSD and waking up in a cold sweat every night because of the insurgent you got the drop on you when you though that you where safe. You can watch all of your squad get pepperd by an LMG. Dust and smoke in your eyes barly able to see the figures in the door way as They toss in a molitove and watch you burn. You are never safe in insurgancy."
,Recommended,222880,11632140,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Horwood87,Ok so i'm very impressed with this game and for the cheap 5/7 pounds im going to pay after the free weekend im over the moon. but i do say now if this game goes over 10/12 pounds i would not say its worth it but anythink under 10/12 pounds its a cheap bargain please feel free to look me up on youtube where i will posting some videos of this great looking/working gameyoutube name is marcus horwoodo and you dont need a monster of a pc to run it. its even running on a gaming laptop with great frame rate
,Recommended,222880,11633508,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Level 21 Spicy_Boi,Very good. Not much else to say.
76561198024914904,Recommended,222880,11645896,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Marklar,"great game and love it, one of the best shooters I've ever played. That said, I have a few ""technical"" issues with the game. my mouse appears on the screen sometimes when im in-game, I see random buildings floating around in the game sometimes, other times the mouse disappears when I'm customizing my loadout, and if I leave the game open on the home page for too long (which isn't THAT long) the game freezes. All these problems are fixable for me by restarting the game sometimes once sometimes several times. When one problem goes from a restart often there's another one of the above issues. Hopefully this will all be fixed in the next updates, other than these issues the game is great!"
,Recommended,222880,11647378,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,meowvid,"Insurgency feels more fresh than most. Having tired of counterstrike after years of playing, died inside after recent AAA titles and since I lack the CPU/friends for ARMA, this is exactly what I needed."
76561198001560331,Recommended,222880,11654289,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Metophisical,"This is a decent multiplayer shooter. Although before jumping into the competitve side i highly reccommend playing the coop servers (on impossible difficulty) to get a lay of the land and familiarize yourself with just how difficult the game is going to be. Graphics are pretty good, they are not quite on par with AAA titles but they are definitely not ugly by any stretch, and are serviceable. The gunplay is spot on, enemies drop with precise quickness and its pulse pounding throughout, although there is just a little too much camping for my taste, overall it shouldn't  ruin the experience once you know the maps a bit. Don't expect to be playing this like Battlefied or COD, that playstyle will not work very well, you musrt take a much  more methodical approach to situations (peek around corners, use suppressive fire and such). I would say it plays more like arma than BF and COD, but with smaller condensed maps and no vehicles, infantry only.This game is meant to be played with a group of friends coordinating attacks in teamspeak or group chat to be most effective, however randoming can be ok too. Just don't expect seal team six and look out for trolls on your team shooting your entire squad dead apon arival.I would give this game a 7.5/10 overall+tatcial methodical change of pace from big name shooters+excellent gunplay+good sound effects+encourages good teamwork and communication-average graphics-very steep learning curve-hit or miss community-not a lot of variety, (point and shoot, frag out)"
,Recommended,222880,11720908,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Ozuna,"Really love this game, it's come a long way from when it was a mod when I played it many years ago. I like the realism theme of the game such as no crosshairs etc... although personally I would like to see more small arms added to the game in future updates. I have already recommended this game which resulted in a purchase, and will continue to recommend it."
,Recommended,222880,11733728,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Venom Snakelol,Super tactical tango down bravo alpha full metal machine gun escort vip code 4
76561198146978811,Recommended,222880,11768503,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,DM1680,Badass game if youre into realism!
,Recommended,222880,11993501,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Cookie,insurgency is a new shooter that is challenging in a way that is not frustrating like being in school frustrating this game will definately be worth the $15 it costs and its still better than cod
76561198047885203,Recommended,222880,12759404,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,MEvans,"First things first, you will die a lot. Then you get used to the game and start working more tactically. I recomend that you and a friend both buy it so you can both laugh about dying a lot and work as a team. Then you'll die some more."
,Recommended,222880,12798050,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,space burrito,"I think this game is really overlooked by the steam community. It's unlike any modern military shooter i've ever played. The maps are unique, the gunplay is immersive, and getting kills is satifying. The devs made a great use of the source engine, making the game look and run awesome. If you like the tension of CS:GO, but are looking for a bit more depth and realism, go for this. It's by far my favorite shooter to play online. Also, DLC is free; the way it should be.Overall, it's a solid multiplayer game. Highly recommend. It could use a bigger player base!8.5/10"
,Recommended,222880,12804706,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,D A N K H I L L,"for $15 you can't go wrong with this game. Incredible FPS experience, with a mature community and plenty of awesome mods. Also the new co-op modes are great.I recommend DLing the ALAHU AKHBAR sound mod along with the game, it just makes it that much better"
,Recommended,222880,12834910,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Louis IX of France,"Well get used to dying a lot, the AI being better than you in every way, and being suppressed and knowing you are ♥♥♥♥ed.10/10 Would buy again if I could."
76561198119228626,Recommended,222880,12837861,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SoulGamer007,"One of the best realistic FPS game i have ever played great job, big fan of this game 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,12840060,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,ScoobyGames,"NIGHT FALL IS DOPE, I LOVE PLAYING WITH THE NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ITS A WHOLE NEW LAYER TO THE ALREADY RALISTIC GAMEPLAY. 10/10"
,Recommended,222880,12863338,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MilkBalls,"Love this game, really cool.Great graphicsGreat mechanicsSuper challenging.Super toxic forty year old that yell at me tho10/10"
,Recommended,222880,12873386,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Archeantus,"Brutal bots, teamwork is a must! Crazy fun and very addicting."
,Recommended,222880,12892822,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Tarbomb,"Hybrid of Rainbox Six and Battlefield BC2, not as tactical as you may initally suspect, and the gameplay is much more run and gun then you'd think as well, rewarding those with fast paced reactions and a clear sense of how to ""flow"". Insurgency breeds a different type of shooter, and in many ways it works, though in many others it.. simply sputters out.The gameplay loop in this is essentially you start using the peak controls, and end realizing it is COD without a hud and people calling you various racial pejoritaves, there is not really much of a team focused game here despite what the steam page may lead you to believe. It is a literal run and gun shooter with a sometimes unfair TTK that rewards only who shot first over who can actually aim our outmaneuver the enemy, and turns into a much more baity solo experience.yup, a solo one. the teamplay in this game consists of you baiting your teamates and hoping they thin out the hordes for you to shoot while you cap and bring the grunts back in, little in the way of working as a cohesive unit ala CS""GO, You would actually be undermining your own performance or enjoyment of the game if you actually attempt to coordinate anything with teamates as taking such time to dictate where to move in these small maps will give the early bird (or in this case the mp5 rusher) the worm.Also if you're one of those supporters of developers releasing DLC or expansions worth your time you can rest assured that if the developers ever release DLC or an expansion it will be well worth your time and not a cheap money grab, but as it stands every update has been one hundred percent free :)"
76561198091332666,Recommended,222880,12909814,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Coltron,Who needs call of duty when you can play this im not gonna go into major detail for one you can put armor piercing rounds and hollow point rounds to make kills quicker and easier just 1-3 shots and the enemy is down and the rest you may find out for yourself 10/10 would buy again
76561198007812362,Recommended,222880,12911980,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,grandmaslayer,"Good game, several gametypes for PvP and vs AI. The realism is fairly high and the game is challenging, fresh, and fun. Would recommend to those who like the more strategic and realistic shooters."
,Recommended,222880,13614021,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,WTFBrutus?,"This game combines some of the best elements of the various popular shooters, and adds a whole host of realism to boot.  It is the first game that I've played in years that feels like one of the older mid-2000s shooters, like CoD1-2 (except modern, obviously).  The gameplay is fast-paced yet tactical.  Patience and accuracy are king, and rushing rarely gets you anything.  It's not always a one shot kill, but it often is, so be careful.  While body armor may save your life, if you are playing carelessly, you won't do well.  But at the same time, almost all the game modes have some sort of control point capturing system, so if you sit back and camp, you won't be helping your team much.  If you land on a team that happens to use comms, then it is a very fun experience.The game modes are all fairly similar, but each has their own unique elements.  There are only one or two game modes where a round can last for 10-20 minutes.  If you die, you rarely sit on the sidelines for more than 30 seconds to a minute - you either respawn in that time, or the round ends.  Most game modes require teams to capture and hold objectives, and your team gets rewarded for doing so with additional respawns.  Run out of ""waves"" and you will have a tough time coming back.  The good thing about this system is that, if one team is much better than another, you aren't suffering through a 20 minute match getting spawn killed with no hope.  The round will end, and then you can try again.  All the game modes are pretty well-balanced, though.  It's rare that one team will win all rounds on a map, and if they do, it's usually because they are communicating, not just because they are better.You can customize your loadout by selecting between a number of primary weapons (depending on your class, but the class is much less restrictive than battlefield) and equipping a number of attachments.  You can also select alternate weapons like explosives, a sidearm, or a chest carrier for more ammo and an extra grenade.  The class and squad system allows certain weapons, but it's more like America's Army than BF.  You can be a rifleman or a marksman or support, but that doesn't necessarily mean you have to select a certain weapon.But my favorite thing about it is that, though it tracks your lifetime score and has achievements, there are no unlockables, no level bonuses, etc.  All the attachments and weapons above are selected from a pool of supply points that you get at the start of each match.  You may have 8 points, where a grenade is two points, a red dot sight is one point, body armor is two points, etc.  Doing well at the game does not put you at an advantage by unlocking better items.Additionally, and also uncommon and underrated these days, is that each side has its own types of weapons. Security forces use US/NATO weapons - M16, M4, M249, etc - and Insurgents use common militant weapons - AK47 or 74, RPG, etc.  You can't just use the same weapon every game like you can in other shooters, so it adds another element of strategy."
,Recommended,222880,13745007,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,! Taz the Husky,Its a good game but the community is slowly turning to very rude and stuck up people.
,Recommended,222880,13817910,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,VILF | Beunie,"A very clean, simple and polished competitive shooter. Gameplay is really solid and unmatched by any other shooters in the genre."
76561198080054840,Recommended,222880,13819373,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Jerry,great GAME I LOVE IT !
76561198066870364,Recommended,222880,14087881,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Dante_DK,"4,49 euros in midweek madness is a great offer you shouldn't refuse. If you like FPS at all this game is a must have, even at the normat 15 euros."
,Recommended,222880,14095367,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Combo,Very addictive!
76561198035147975,Recommended,222880,8331449,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Forte,"This game is impressive for an early-access, and I can only expect it to get even better in the future.How it runs: It is optimized and runs very smoothly, so there's a slim to none chance of glitches/bugs/graphical errors unless you try to max it out on a rather ancient rig. It also doesn't take up that much memory.How it plays: The gameplay is very tactical. It places you in intense action(blurred vision from suppressive fire, etc.) Keep in mind that it only takes a a few or less bullets to kill someone, but it's realistic to the point where the game is actually still enjoyable. Teamwork also plays a huge part towards victory, and so far, most of the people I've played with don't mess around too much. I could go on, but you should go and experience it for yourself.Highly recommended for tactical FPS players. Heck, even FPS players in general, or gamers who want to try something new."
76561197964723870,Recommended,222880,8792826,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,AmericanMeltdown,"Amazing gameplay! I have been a fan of the series for several years, and this sequel is truly epic."
76561198001413394,Recommended,222880,8862518,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Universal_Soldier44,"A really good FPS game between Counter Strike and America's Army. Since they are my favourite FPS games ever, Insurgency gathers both advantages realism and gameplay."
,Recommended,222880,8870061,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,digivillain,"Red Orchestra and Counter Strike combined. Netcode is done well, when you shoot someone they actually die. I know, insane right?9/10"
,Recommended,222880,8894609,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,flamelauncher11,"This game is fantastic! From the lighting to the realistic sounds and models all the way to the descreet animations and small details, the Insurgency team outdid this one. Great job guys!"
,Recommended,222880,9073912,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Rangerlump,"Well worth the money. Awesome Tactical shooter. Sure the source engine is dated but do we jusst play games for shiny things? No we play for the gameplay. This is the best $15 you can spend right now. It have many PvP modes as well as COOP. It does not have stat tracking and levelling that others have become so use to, but neither did Quake and it did just fine.http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=hYqtJlQcdG0"
,Recommended,222880,9076325,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,beep boop,"It's counterstrike on hardcore mode...no crosshairs, no ammo counts, no mini-map; just you and your team."
76561198044841652,Recommended,222880,9173586,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,J.U.G.G.E.R.N.A.U.T.,"Such an amazing game like none other! The developers did what they could ( and what they couldn't) do on the Source Engine... and feels amazing! Better than COD and a bit simpler than Battlefield, this game takes it's very own place in the FPS genre by making the matches funny and intense at the same time, not being frustrating to play. Deserves a 8.5/10 because it still misses more and more diverse maps, plus the community asking new weapons (FN-FAL, SCAR,...)."
76561198097920457,Recommended,222880,9403904,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,IVO,This game is very solid and is a nice twist for anyone that wants to play a game where positioning your self and choosing your roots is more important than pure aiming skill.Get it if you love fps games
76561198082311695,Recommended,222880,9622404,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,nekowaiidesu,The♥♥♥♥♥♥ Buy it now.
76561198079414087,Recommended,222880,9644577,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Schizophrenic420,"i love this game to bits, i play it almost every day it is the best game i have and i have a lot!if you are thinking of buying this game i would recomend it because it is easy to run and you have alot of fun on.this game only gets better when you play with friends because there is nothing like hunting down your enemy and blasting them to smitheriens!"
,Recommended,222880,9673989,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,fnlymeister,"Totally, YES!this game is super great, bit hard but i love the challange. this game is not like COD you just can RUN&GUN you need to think about every step, you gotta work with you'r teammates, make tactics, and more.This is game is so realistic, i love it. no words."
,Recommended,222880,9750084,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,westfriend,"this game is as close as we'll get to a modern Red Orchestra and I mean that in the absolute best way possible. Much improved since release, and it will likely continue to improve. Absolutely worth the money"
,Recommended,222880,9758919,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,XL,"This game oozes focused design and polish from the very start of the tutorial and carries its theme into the online warzone, a wartorn landscape with furious firefights precended only by brief moments of uncertainty and apprehension as you turn that next corner. Very obviously designed from the ground up to be a solid and immersive PC experience. In a land of FPS games designed for consoles and then ported to PC, Insurgency provides an experience that puts the unique aspects of PC gaming to use for what feels like the first time in a long time. Heavier weaponry slows your turn speed with the mouse, ""focus"" mode turning down your sensitivity to just the right amount, a wealth of video and control options, and an enourmous attention to detail.And don't let the brown and brown color scheme fool you, Insurgency sticks to it's theme as a modern tactical shooter in all aspects of play. Dust and debris kick up after explosions, stone and wood burst into pieces as your position is suppressed by heavy fire,  guns feel and sound true to their real-world counterparts and more often than not the only way to tell if that's a friendly or an enemy shooting is to listen for the distinctive chatter of gunfire. Insurgency also takes these design decisions into the mechanics of the game itself; Crosshairs are gone, you'll likely be relying on iron sights unless you spend precious supply points on a sight of some kind, lights and lasers can blind players, level design is filled with explosive meeting points where the forces clash and those short intense firefights that make this game the game it is can take place.Fans of inherently competetive, teamwork-based shooters will enjoy this title immensely, and for the low price of $15, what you get is an absolute steal."
76561198038967006,Recommended,222880,13657008,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Honest Gabe,"Insurgency is easily one of best FPS on pc. It has a heavy emphasis on realism and objective play. The mechanics and hit detection are absolutely spot on, and the lack of a HUD makes the experience incredibly immersive. Where many other games give you a mini-map, Insurgency forces you to use your senses to locate enemies, and without a bullet counter, you have to be aware of how many shots you have fired. There is no killfeed, so the best way to confirm a kill is to find the body itself. Checking the scoreboard works too, as long as you have been actively counting your points. There are few other games where you get as much of an adrenaline rush as in this one. If you have the oppurtunity, buy this game. You won't regret it. Great gameplay, great community."
,Recommended,222880,13673057,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,ezpzlamonesqz,Fun game mechanics and competative AI makes up for lackluster game modes and limited maps. Refreshing and nice to see a new twist on the FPS genre.
76561198013677555,Recommended,222880,13686226,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kangaroo Samurai,It's good
,Recommended,222880,13708604,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,EDGYANG5TL0RD,"You like FPS's? This game is for you.You like playing tactically? This game is for you.You like CounterStrike? This game is for you.You like teamwork? This game is for you..You like realism? This game is for you.You like getting your daily dose of FREEDOM?? This game is for you.You like watching your teammate scream ALLAHAKBAR, point an RPG at his feet, and wipe out the entire enemy team?!This. Game. Is. For. You!!Honest to God, this game is one of the better shooters I've played. The community is great for the most part, mic-usage is encouraged (for both teamwork, comradary, and general hilarity). The guns feel natural, the amount of action mixed with tactical moving as a team is great.If you at least don't buy this game on sale just to check this game out, you might be missing out on a soon-to-be Steam classic. Stop reading this - go buy it. Yes, now."
,Recommended,222880,13747083,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Spicy Meatball,"This is what every indie developer should achieve. An amazing feel which outdistances mostly all AAA games (such as COD, Battlefield). There is no extra's to this game, and when I say that I mean that this game does not have bits and bobs which are not needed (Like vehicles in BF4). The graphics are surreal for such a small developer and such a little know game. The maps are beautifuly designed. You can play this game for hours on end and never get bored (unlike what AAA games fail to deliver)This is a really great game 9/10, and I only say 9/10 because it needs new maps.But if PC gamer reviews this game and gives it under 85%, I'd be severly dissapointed as this game is the indie game of the year!"
,Recommended,222880,13747750,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Snep ♥,"Amazing game, one of the best shooters I've ever played.Great mix of hardcore and arcade shooters. I'd say it's like a mix of Counter Strike and ArmA."
,Recommended,222880,13748086,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Aaron,This game is just ridiculously good. Insurgency shows a big part of realism. One shot to the head is finally possible in a game! I never thought I'd see the day.PROS:Beautiful graphicsThe headshots are realCO-OP is awesomeIt's not like CODCONS:I've got nothing. The game is great.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is into realism and games that are unlike COD.
76561198096008778,Recommended,222880,13757947,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Barandur,"- Gameplay is well balanced although semi auto snipers seem to be really strong.- Graphics are not the best, but they don't effect the game in a bad way.- Many game modes to choose from.- Coop works well with and without communication.- Everytime when in Insurgent team people shout ""allahu akbar"" in voice chat.- Jihad approved9/10 would recommend"
76561198127533481,Recommended,222880,13773795,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,FLGibsonIII,"This game is a true tactical shooter. I was unsure about this game going in, but this is probably my GOTY for 2014. The PVP is refreshing due to the lack of tactical shooters on the market, and rewarding with kills and objectives holding more meaning to the overall match. If you ONLY like arcady shooters this may not be for you. For everyone else, this is a must buy in my opinion"
76561198107227064,Recommended,222880,13793859,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,JDawg,>Spawn in>Round starts>ALLAH AKBAR ALLAAHAHAHHHH ASKKKBBAARRr>ALLLAAAHHHH!!!!!>PRAISE ALLAH!11/10 would bleed out of my ears again
,Recommended,222880,13797261,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Deadhoundz,Good Graphics and Multiplayer Experience. Best pc FPS game I ever played.
,Recommended,222880,13798404,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Buckethead,Finally the nostalgia I use to get when people worked in squads on Battlefield except this game is even more hardcore with no notifactions on ammo/kills etc. I highly reccomend this game if you like teamwork + shooters
,Recommended,222880,13818756,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,RaiiZeR,really good shooter for the hardcore shooter fans.
,Recommended,222880,13853010,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Vule,Great fun in this game!
76561198064374642,Recommended,222880,14087599,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Homicide Hippo,"Although the damage system means you die in only a couple shots, this game is very enjoyable and realistic. This game is totally worth it if it's on sale"
,Recommended,222880,14087925,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Italow,Say to that ol' CoD crap good-bye!THIS is a FPS that really gets your attention in terms of realism and action.Running Leeroy-Jenkins style through the battlefield? BAM! Dead. You have to use strategy and teamwork to WIN!Pure fun.9/10
76561198069512896,Recommended,222880,14088832,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Relentless,"This game is what Call of Duty should have been at more than a fair price. If you enjoy realistic shooters than this game is for you. It makes you care about dying rather than running out on the battlefield to be get a few kills and then get shot without much thought, If you do that here you will find it works much more seldom. 9/10"
,Recommended,222880,14088930,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,The Tunisian People,"Sick and tired of Call of Duty style shoot-em-ups? Meet Insurgency, with it's mix of hardcore gunplay, minimal HUD, amazing sound design and realistic recoil and suppresion, this is not a game for the faint of heart but for those tough enough to slog it out the game really delivers."
76561198109570262,Recommended,222880,14095881,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Niscoma,"As of writing I have roughly 5 hours in game time so this is a 'first impressions' review.If you don't know already this is no 'run n gun jump 360 degrees and no scope head shot game'.(RNGJ360DANSHS>tm<. for short).It also lacks on screen HUD, mini map, magazine load, spotting and the ability to make your bullets magically nice to your team mates.I say 'lacks' but the effect of this lack is awesome tension, good teamplay (with complete strangers) and a real sense of 'being there' as well as having to get a sense of the ammo count and moving cautiously.I cannot really speak toward the map design and game modes due to lack of experience but so far have enjoyed every game played, even if I spent time watching my team due to being dead..that's also fun because how well they do, or don't do gets you back in (or not),  so you're invested even whilst 'dead'.The graphics are decent enough and the colourtion and light is great.Overall this is a great fps game for those who don't want a twitchy remote kill gadgefest but love the urban CQB with  tense pacing and mad moments of nutty gunfights.EDIT: Having played a bit more wanted to add that there are some larger more open maps. Not so large as BF but a nice size and sniping ( on any map ) is a good and fun option too."
76561198029887404,Recommended,222880,14096836,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,헤이 You're Pretty Gud,"This is a MUST buy for any FPS lovers.This game has overtaken my love for Call of Duty and Battlefield and sits on top with Counter-Strike.The game is very similar to Red Orchestra 2 - Rising Storm but placed in a modern middle eastern war.  You don't see your ammo count, health or crosshair and you'll likey die in one hit. You have to play it wise and nearly every action is a gamble. It's very tense and scary sometimes to peek around corners. Every kill you get feels great and more satisfying than Counter-Strike.Once you join a game, you'll get to choose your class and loadout. This is what i think is brilliant. You'll have supply credits to spend on weapons, upgrades, kits, grenades and etc. You can change them whenever you feel like it. But some things like Suppressor can cost alot. So you can put a suppressor on your weapon but you might not have enough for good body armour or a side arm. Or you might give yourself good body armour and extra ammo vest but won't have enough for better ammo or optics. Its good way of balancing things out. Where everyone has their strength and weakness.Since you will likely die with one shot unless you've got good body armour. Many players think that hanging back and snipering is the way to go. This is what nearly ruined Battlefield for me. Where sometimes most of your team will be snipers and just hang back and do nothing with the objectives. But In this game, only a few players can play as a sniper. Once the the classes has been claimed. You'll have to play another class until it becomes available. Meaning that you'll have people with assassult rifles and smgs and will try capture the objective.The graphics are good, nothing on the lines of Battlefield 4. But they are alright. The sounds are pretty decent. Not much i can say really. :/The gun fighting feels like your shooting the real thing. The recoil is very challenging unless you add a foregrip. Prepare to jump when you get shot or getting shot at. It makes me jump everytime. Insurgency does suppressing better than Battlefield. When your getting shot at, you character vision will slightly blur and your character will panic. This forces you to either duck, hold or fall back. Works when your trying to capture or defend an objective and need to hold off the enemy for a bit.A good selection of game modes. You've got your everyday deathmatch, capture the flag, defend the objectives and etc. Two modes I mostly play are Push and Ambush.In Push, the attacking team must push the opposite team and capture 3 objectives and destroy their last. The defending team needs to defend until the attacking team runs out of reinforcements. The Attacking team only haves 5 waves of reinforcements and the defending team has 15. What i like about this is that the attacking team needs to push and get the objectives. Camping aint going to do much. So if you're a sniper and you hang back throughout the game. Prepare to get some grief if you are the last man remaining.Ambush. The defending team must protect their VIP and extract the player to the safe zone. The attacking team must kill the VIP. Once the VIP is dead. The round is over. I like this one because you really need to communicate and watch each others backs. Its really tense for the defending team but if you manage to get the VIP player to safety, it feels so great. Quite scary if your the VIP and the last man remaining on your team.The maps are not bad. Most of them of good and nicely balanced, but some are questionable. Since sometimes on Ambush, The team who has to defend the VIP are in a disadvantage. Espically on Seige, I haven't seen the defending team win once on this map.Overall. Its a very good First Person Shooter. I can't recommend this enough. A realistic and challanging game that will make you jump.TL;DR: BUY THIS GAME, BUY THIS GAME, BUY THIS GAME...WAIT....ITS £3.30!!!, BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT WHY ARE YOU  READING THIS!? BUY IT!"
76561197962155890,Recommended,222880,12218889,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,I WANT YOU TO GET MAD,"This game is the best tactical multiplayer shooter available.If you like direct and engaging gunplay, you will be quite pleased with Insurgency. Most maps have a great design.The sound is one of the bestyou will find in any shooter. The game supports ingame voice communication and has a rich command menue for voice commands, when used correctly, can enhance and improve your experience with the game. Insurgency is strictlyobjective oriented, most servers don't show K/D counts in the active round, only at the end results. Makeing good use of the equipment system is also key in this game. Flashbang and smokegrenades are not just toys like in other shooter games, they have explict uses and are very useful.Of course, also Insurgency has some flaws. Most problematic for the actual game are micro stutterings which can occur randomly for no obivous reasons. Luckily those are very rare. Apart from that, the game seems very well polished and is definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,222880,12282748,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Scarecrow,"Pretty fun game. I have around 80hrs put into it and there are few bugs that ive noticed.Pretty solid Multiplayer gameplay.  Maps are mostly built well but quite a few maps are horribly one sided with either the insurgents haveing a massivlely unfair advantage or vice versa. Guns are pretty well balanced exempt for the ""Marksman rifles"" which with armor piercing and a long range scope out perform and outgun the sniper rifle."
76561198122500406,Recommended,222880,12423880,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,TheRavioliPaste,Awesome
,Recommended,222880,12625584,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,rashid,it cool
,Recommended,222880,12756551,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Mystery,What are you doing reading this... you should be buying this game!
76561198134911310,Recommended,222880,12877866,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Wiseknight,i want this game so badly :(
,Recommended,222880,12878987,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Santana,A better Counter Strike.
76561198018542616,Recommended,222880,13532093,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,deadspawn,"nice tactical shooter, graphics aren't the latest and greatest, but the guns and movement are much more realistic.  i haven't seen one jumping 360 no scope shot in this game since I started playing.  The spectating mode (when you are dead) will allow you to learn alot from better players.  Overall - I'd buy it again for less than $10.00 USD."
76561198087942320,Recommended,222880,13561581,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Vector50cal,"If your looking for a realistic FPS game then buy this game. It does not disapoint. Also the most tactical game mode is ambush. Buy this game, it is addicting."
76561198066000923,Recommended,222880,13584039,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,jallen182,"One hell of a fire-fight simulator. It's a tactical team-oriented shooter that's loud, fast-paced, and unforgiving. Just the way I like it.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,13594717,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MsiGamerArtist,"Realistic Shooter , ♥♥♥♥ing recoils man , so damn real  . Would play like csgo ."
,Recommended,222880,13598935,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Wasted Giraffe,"Having invested 700+ hours of gameplay at the time of this review it would seem obvious that I am a fan of Insurgency.  This game has brought me back to a genre that I haven't given a second thought since the original counter strike.  FPS these days are overloaded with fancy gadgets, twitchy preteens screaming racist slurs, and repetitive gameplay.  Insurgency takes a more tactical approach than other modern FPS games.  The variety of modes keeps the play interesting.  And you dont have to have the reflexes of praying mantis to own, jusa good battlefield awareness and understanding of how to flank.  Overall even though I still get wrecked, I love this game and will probably continue to play another 700 hours especially with the improvements and changes the devs push out regularly (<3 night maps).  Anyway if you are a fan or FPS then give it a try and even if you haven't played an FPS in a long time I would reccomend you give Insurgency a try."
,Recommended,222880,13154957,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,[SBR] Techieasian,The best ♥♥♥♥ing game you can get. Way better than COD.
,Recommended,222880,13164476,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Houston Texas,"This game is pretty legit. I love the smooth tactical gameplay and map design, and the source engine gives it a nice touch. I think they need to make a sequel when a new iteration of the source engine is released. I feel like this should of been an original GoldSRC (I think thats the name) game. That would of been cool."
,Recommended,222880,13234320,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Witsplinter,"Hardcore tactical shooter without the learning curve and bulk of games like ARMA.  Tight and simple FPS controls and simple custimization with no unlocks.  This is the quintessential hardcore FPS experience.Not the prettiest, but the gun models and the audio is fantastic.10/10"
76561198146754963,Recommended,222880,13403477,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Rupingles Pringles,"If you are reading this you are probably waiting for the game to download, and if you're not then what are you doing"
,Recommended,222880,13649831,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Pristine Banana,This is the game CS:GO should have been.
76561198153847467,Recommended,222880,13650040,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,[SHEX]Alind,its cod and bf combined realism at its base
76561197983992843,Recommended,222880,13659236,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Krec,really good shooter.  no labels or icons showing where shots came from so its very realistic.  could use more maps and larger ones too.  all battle maps are smallish with in your face shooting and spawn camping can be an issue. otherwise there are aot of servers to play on and this is probably the most realistic shooter out there.
76561198087193361,Recommended,222880,13678616,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Chaser Of Chub,This is honestly a great game. It's like battlfield and CS:GO has sweaty passionate sex and then this came out. It's team based an you can't run and gun like an idiot. You need to take things slowly and cooporate. It's a great buy.
76561198037433810,Recommended,222880,13728339,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Swat Katz Rogues Gallery,"An awesome, simple class based semi-realistic shooter. The perfect mix of casual and simulation gameplay. Great value and continuous free updates."
76561198001130627,Recommended,222880,13836981,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Shamrock-,"Outstanding tactical shooter. A breath of fresh air in the FPS world, Insurgency also has an enjoyable, active community. Sound effects are great, multiplayer support is great. Imagine counterstrike except with: a more mature community, weapons are much more balanced, and gametypes encourage actual tactics and teamwork."
76561198106452761,Recommended,222880,8680110,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,McBunion,There arent alot of players but i totally recommend this if u like games that are more on the realistic side instead of running and gunning and u actually have to plan your movements
76561197962503428,Recommended,222880,8838114,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,TriggerNipples,"If you have a computer and play any FPS then you will really like Insurgency.  This is a great balance of straight forward team work and gun play.  Each kill is rewarding.  No dogtags or fancy animations neccessary.  Decide wether you want a balanced load out with grenades, pistols, and armor or you can just use your given inventory points toward equipping your primary weapon with several attachments.  I recommend using a head set when playing.  Communication is fun and key in defeating your enemy and taking the objective.  Left click to bring up the sights  and feather the trigger.  Just blasting your way and running down the hall will get your♥♥♥♥♥taken out right away.  Make thoughtful decisions and allow your team mates some room while creeping around corners.  Taking cover actually matters in this game.  Not everything in the levels are destructable and don't start searching for easter eggs.  Just enjoy a shooter that has boiled things down to what makes an FPS fun."
,Recommended,222880,8852283,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,SlyJesse,The best FPS is come out in a long time with smallish maps and fast deaths. A perfect mix of Red Orchestra and Counter Strike.The only thing i wish there was some sort of system in place which would want me to keep playing besides the great fun it is. Something like in-game ranks or badges.
,Recommended,222880,8858401,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Collins,"I have been waiting for a game like Insurgency for quite some time. The strides towards a realistic simulation-style experience is something that I very much enjoy in Insurgency. Before Insurgency, ArmA II was the big dog in realistic and contemporary gunplay. Insurgency is nothing like ArmA II, however. Insurgency packs very detailed weapons, complete with smoking barrels and ejecting shells, adds in the most realistic warfare settings in the world, and finishes the job with outstanding hit detection and damage calculation. Limb shots and other non-vital areas will not drop a target, but rounds placed in the ""V"" (or the head, of course) will be fatal. This has one interesting exception--if you hit an armored target in the vest, chances are he will not go down. That is why the game has AP, HP, and tracer rounds that the player may choose from. In the end, Insurgency, in its current early-development form, has fantastic potential. While much more fast paced than ArmA II, the much smoother controls bring a gaming experience that is definitely worth your $60. Oh, wait, the game is $15. I'm no economist, but the cost-benefit analysis seems pretty high..."
76561198121202949,Recommended,222880,8862510,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ROMANS 9,"Insurgency is a realistic, tactical FPS that distinguishes itself from the modern hollywood action FPS's which overpopulate the genre today. If you're inside a building and go running up the stairs with a knife, expecting to get rewarded for your rambo tactics...you die. If you fail to use cover and peek around corners, you die. If you think you can single-handedly go against five enemies without the faintest support from your team, you die.Insurgency rewards those who use teamwork, communication, and sound tactics. If you're strictly a CoD or BF player, you most likely will not enjoy this game. However, if you're looking for a realistic shooter and don't mind a bit of a learning curve, then this game could be a great experience. And with a dedicated multiplayer crowd, it shows every indication of being around for a good while.Insurgency flows through the same vein as the shooters I grew up with on PC (Delta Force, Ghost Recon). It's refreshing to be back at home with this great indie game. Highly recommended!!"
76561198071974798,Recommended,222880,8864101,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,CyberRecon,"If you played the following: Socom 2, Counter Strike series, DOD/DOD:S, Ghost Recon, or Rainbow Six 3, you will feel right at home with Insurgency!!!This game combines the great map stylization of a Socom, or Rainbow six game, and the persistent ""Time Objective"" feature to encourge team-play and well thought out tactics!Voice Communication is a vital step to achiving mission specific goals, but can also be used to your advantage on the defending side in a ""Search and Destroy"" match! You can hear the oppositions mic communication!! So speak with caution!Bullet damage is consistant, and deadly! 1 or 2 shots from an AK47/M16 will put down an enemy with ease, making Insurgency's weapon models in my opinion on par with some SIM's. Leaning and wall peak features have a very familiar feel to games like Red Orchestra, or Arma. Recoil in Insurgency is paced by automatic fire and hindered by stamina, making this game feel less of a casual shooter and more like a thinking mans game with well placed steps!I give Insurgency a 10/10 score and hope to see the community grow, game updates are promising and functionality as an early release is subperb!"
,Recommended,222880,8885899,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Daylight,"Insurgency is well worth the 13.49$ that it is up for. This game reminds me a bit of Rainbow Six Vegas, mostly because of how the guns fire and how the realism is set up. The recoil on all guns make each feel different in their own way. 100% recommend this game!"
76561197999177098,Recommended,222880,8914931,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Kanobii,This is how FPS games should be.
,Recommended,222880,8953862,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Broda,This game is great! I've played about 2 games and I love it. The game is made on the source engine so its really smooth but it also looks great! If you like tactical shooters you'll instantly fall in love with it. If youre more used to a fast-paced game like CoD or BF you'll probably still enjoy the game but grow a love for it. The game is very challenging bringing a lot of replay value and getting a kill in this game is a feeling i havent felt in a while.
76561197967985015,Recommended,222880,8956769,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,{P.O.W}_Verman,Fun game.  Really need good team work to survive.
,Recommended,222880,10398034,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,"bamba, a kedves ló",Very good game! :D
76561198004797166,Recommended,222880,10419894,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Opposition,"Alpha was meh, now its a full fledged shooter and a realistic one at that. Pass the overhyped COD ♥♥♥♥♥ and spend your money on something you would rather have fun."
,Recommended,222880,10424156,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Tincup,"One of the better coop games out there for PC at the moment.  Six player coop that requires players to work together in order to succeed.   I highly recommend this game for the coop as well as the adversarial gameplay.The one thing to keep in mind when playing this game is your pace of play.  This is not your average run and gun clone.  This game can be the most punishing shooter you have played, or the most rewarding depending on how you decide to play..."
76561198055033401,Recommended,222880,10455407,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,LordyRankins,pretty ~darn good c;
,Recommended,222880,10479012,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,DrBlue1654,its one of the best
,Recommended,222880,10488869,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Classic Soul,"One of my favorite first person shooters. Insurgency goes for realism and succeeds. For me its much underplayed, but when I do play it, I have a blast! I've never experienced any glitch's or bugs. For $15 its a great buy!"
,Recommended,222880,10499241,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Take Your Pick,fun
,Recommended,222880,10546320,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gabe,"Tactical like Arma, but much quicker to pick up and play. All in all solid game."
76561198034491985,Recommended,222880,10556090,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Moss,"Rules of 'Group Share Time': State your name, Tell us what you're doing besides playing Insurgency (eg. eating icecream), *All reply* ""Hiiiiiiiii [name], thanks for sharing!""best way to spend a friday night. 10/10 would spend points on silencer rather than 'nades for Demolition."
,Recommended,222880,10589321,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,novaparse,"BattleField+ArmA=Insurgency | Great game, amazing graphics, feels like a twitch shooter (BF, COD) but plays like a MilSim (ArmA). Super tactical, lost of community maps and has a Counter-Strike style community. Overall, amazing."
,Recommended,222880,10629200,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Pragmatiq,Really realistic gameplay and great team stratagy. It is definatly up there for a revolutionary FPS.
76561198078192481,Recommended,222880,10660956,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Skudder,Good tactical fps
76561198001486977,Recommended,222880,10685533,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Nick jr.,"The speed of Counterstrike, combined with the difficulty of Red Orchestra 2.Fast paced and deadly, have a good time trying to live."
,Recommended,222880,10689185,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Rakyero,Really fun tactical shooter. Lots of close quarters maps and solid gun mechanics. The sounds are great (rivals the Battlefield games in terms of gun sounds imo) and offers a lot in the way of tactical decision making and the way you approach different battle situations. Great buy if you're looking for a semi-realistic multiplayer shooter.
76561198080071010,Recommended,222880,10689489,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bunta,AMAZING
76561198046811198,Recommended,222880,10706434,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Turian Primarch,"i would only recommend this game to those who like realistic fighting,like ARMA.you can never rush and shoot in code or cs style because the other team is waiting for you and one bullet can kil you.you need to be strategic and you need your team.8/10"
,Recommended,222880,10717244,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,HarZens,"Can't recommend this game enough. This is what a true tactical FPS should be all about. I'd update a little more the graphics engine, but considering how it actually looks, this is an amazing game. The gameplay is amazing and even if there are not much players around, this game is still worth it. Specially at 55% off on this summer sale 2014! Don't expect to run around dual-wielding machine guns and headshoting people at a distance, you'll die a lot, and you'll get better with time. Amazing game!"
76561198023756650,Recommended,222880,10719049,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,12 Years a Slave Master,"Similar to Red Orchestra 2 but in a middle eastern setting where the US are facing the OpFor. The gunplay is very smooth and the animations are rock solid so far. Sound design is spot on too, feels like and sounds like real guns are being fired.10/10"
,Recommended,222880,10728896,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nergaahl,"Hardcore FPS that gives no remorse for the dead.A little hard to get used to at first, but once you get a groove this game is a ton of fun with a lot of action. Be prepared to die, a lot."
76561198005736059,Recommended,222880,10740234,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Where's wally,"Great intense game, fun modes and realistic yet balance game."
,Recommended,222880,9379418,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Sparrow,"Insurgency will apeal to both arma and cs fans, as it contains cs style objectives and arma style realisim, a must have for lovers of harcore fps games"
,Recommended,222880,9580457,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Cybrinsanity,"I highly reccomend this game. Not only is it a fantastic deal ($14.99). I believe it's one of the best shooters out there right now, brings a fresh take on squad play and the intesity of the fire fights are amazing with the realistic damage. there are still some minor bugs like ""t pose"" VIP guy and grenades that damage through walls but over all this is my go to FPS right now its fast brutal and I love it. 9/10"
,Recommended,222880,9632485,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,EatMyShots,11.99GBP it cost - absolute bargain!!!Edit: Free DLC is great and game has just been on sale for under £7 - amazing!  I said above it was a bargain and tbh the cost has been repayed many times over - I'm up to 50 odd hrs now and the game still appeals massively... 10/10 based on value and playability!
,Recommended,222880,9648424,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Stone Razor,"As far as control, Insurgency has a lot of similarities to Red Orchestra 2. You can sprint, slide, crouch, go prone, lean left, lean right, peek over cover, hold shift to zoom when looking through sights, and your gun's hip-fire direction isn't bound to the screen.As far as gameplay, it plays more like Counter-Strike, a lot of close quarters maps with some long range engagements, and a couple wide open maps sprinkled in. All of the gamemodes feature some sort of attack/defense objective, with either no respawns, limited respawns, or objective based respawns in between rounds. Teamwork is crucial, and voice communication is based on position, so both both friendly and enemy players nearby can hear you.Weapons are very customizable, with multiple scopes and other useful attachments. Every class has access to multiple weapons, including the familiar ""standard weapons"" (AK/M16), so you can build your class to play however you want. Also, players have access to every item in the game right from the get go, no leveling up or grinding necessary.I played the original Insurgency and I must say this game is a perfect evolution of the old game and definitely holds up to other shooters on the market. If you want a realistic, challenging, modern-day shooter, you found it.5 stars, A+, gg"
76561198054723583,Recommended,222880,9656780,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,sputnik4024,"Great graphics, realistic, and overall fun to play. Despite that it constantly crashes when you're in the middle of a game since the update."
,Recommended,222880,9661897,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Ciccone,Better than COD
76561198032455125,Recommended,222880,9669283,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,MAXBOMB,awesome
76561198046396899,Recommended,222880,9669322,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,RIP Jenk Ugrrrr,"Insurgency is a FPS (First person shooter) that is different from most with the realism meaning there is no hitmarkes and i takes about 1 - 2 shots to take out someone which makes me enjoy this game even more. i've heard people even say it's liek counter strike with the maps and it using the source engine and arma with the realism and i have really been having a blast playing this and i can tell you to play it with friends becuase it will increase you love for the game alot more, it's nothing like call of duty there is a lot of srategy into it and that concept makes this game so much greater than cod ever will be. Great game but not for all people but I still recommend you get it."
76561198066020888,Recommended,222880,9672077,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Cryis,Such noises. Much Bomb. WOW
76561198101605191,Recommended,222880,9675913,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Aritz Aduriz Zubeldia,this game is recommended for all shooter players.Use also some good pair of headphones. Ai are so difficult to beat :( but gd game 9/10
76561198070213035,Recommended,222880,9686255,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Lord Sadicus,"Best FPS ever!If you really want a first person shooter experience, buy this game... it is worth every penny!Sounds are awsome!Weapons are awsome!This game can be so freaking hard, plus people can sometimes simply hate you or love you for the stuff you do.You knife someone? WTF I HATE (Enemy) OMG I LOVE YOU! (All allies you saw that kill)."
76561198061743406,Recommended,222880,9693682,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,UGPoseidon,It feels so damn good to be able to use my head in a FPS game
,Recommended,222880,9698126,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,|USMC| DEMOCRACY,Love it
,Recommended,222880,9714734,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,It's like Battlefield and Arma had a beautiful baby.
76561197974998049,Recommended,222880,9720018,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Susan from HR,"Great game based on team work and communication.  If a tactical shooter is what you are looking for, then this is it.  Well worth the $15."
76561198021043391,Recommended,222880,9731376,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,NiceGuyEddie,"I had mixed views around playing this game. When I bought it, it was on offer and it kinda' appealed to me. After hearing about it from two different friends (one of which really liked it, and the other not so much) I was persuaded to buy. It's a good game, I'll give it that, yet If you don't have patience you may be missing the key selling points of this game. It's not supposed to play like CS yet I get that vibe from it at the moment. There is a lot of bum-rushing, but that can be dealt with on servers you choose. If you think you're going to get a battlefield or ArmA experience, then think again. This game is unique. It's a close quarter combat game which combines realism with arcade like game scenarios. There are a butt load of game modes to play on, so the games your oyster. I wouldn't recommend this to people who have been mis-led into buying this game because it's like battlefield or similar. Be ready for a unique experience, and If that is what you are seeking, then this is your game."
76561198081843883,Recommended,222880,9733918,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,otisijperlaan,"What a game! i'll start off with the sound effects.. beautiful and powerfull!this game has near the same realism as Arma, the bullets are real guys..!lots of gamemodes and maps..there are not many weapons but...definatly worth your money!"
76561198055317425,Recommended,222880,9756232,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Efrafa,"I had my doubts about this game. But after playing 30 minutes i fell in love. Good combat simulation and recoil, smoke trails and 1 to 2 shot kills. after all my hours playing ive only seen a 3 shot kill that is the most u can go. So if you are tired of 1 hp B.S. >:(. This game is for you. It is certanily living up to its 'tactical license'. Although the game is closed packed gameplay totally makes up for it. Little bugs and a good online expierence."
,Recommended,222880,9825616,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Sunspots,"This is definitely one of the best shooters out right now.Where so many shooters today seem to be about raking in points and kill-streaks, and where the highest kill counts wins the game, Insurgency stands out. And it does so in the best of ways.Winning in Insurgency is about wit, teamwork, distractions and thoughtful maneuvers, but without becoming too complicated for the more casual player. The game gives you that extra challenge, the type of challenge that really feels rewarding to beat, without the need for arbitrary ranks, levels, unlocks or shiny kill streak messages.Features like objective-based respawning gives you, with a few thoughtful moves against an unprepared enemy, the ability to turn the tides even when the odds look dire.On top of all this, Insurgency features great gunplay, pacing and controls, as well as thoughtful loadout customisation that lends the players the ability to strategically shape their approach to the facing challenges - for the individual player as well as the team.One of the best games for the player who seeks an intense,  meaningful and truly rewarding challenge."
76561198001352977,Recommended,222880,9873020,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,c0l1n_M4,This is one of the most action packed FPS games I have ever played before. This game should be tagged with simulation because they made this game as realistic as possible. I recomend this to all gamers wanting a thrill.
,Recommended,222880,10016264,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,jordanray99,"This game is one truley good game! Fair play to it's designers the maps are spot on and the gameplay is very good, if you are into military FPS I would defo recommend this game!"
,Recommended,222880,9982193,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,[VSG] Ruthless,"Insurgency,I love this game, coop is also great and the bots also play dirty!"
,Recommended,222880,10071386,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Cash Money,This is a great newer game on steam  but has great graphics and is a good fps.
76561198018077513,Recommended,222880,10276144,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Bluebandaid,Take cover or prepare to die. Awesome game for people lookeing for a challenging fps unlike cod.
,Recommended,222880,10349993,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Disheveled Possum,"Before I begin, I'd like to point out that I'm not an extremely capable teammate in this game, nor am I a great shot. However, I have played a variety of shooters throughout my time, and I'd like to offer a couple of thoughts on Insurgency.First of all, this game is directly aimed towards those who enjoy hardcore/realism style shooters, who enjoy working together as a team, and don't get frustrated when they are being outmatched. It's built in the same vein as Counter-Strike, but offers a variety of unique features that makes Insurgency the top choice (in my opinion) for those seeking a hardcore/realistic Counter-Strike style experience. Some of these features include unique and realistic weapon functionality and response, no crosshair, multiple game types (including my favorite, escorting high value targets), and squad-system that assigns roles based on the mission.This game does take time to become good at, and it's fair to say I'm not yet at that point.My final thoughts, are that the developer of Insurgency clearly has made decisions to prioritize team balance, mission structure and game play above seeking features purely to sell copies. They are committed, from what I've witnessed, to continuing to develop and expand this game to perfection. It isn't hard to see why it is becoming a popular eSports title! So give Insurgency a shot, you may just come to love the difficulty, and realism this game offers. And for $9.99 (as of today), you can't go wrong."
76561198038422984,Recommended,222880,10352069,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Mickatron,"Insurgency is the love child of Counter Strike, Battlefield,  Red Orchestra & a tid bit of ARMA.Hardcore FPS fans will find this title a treat. The game emphasises teamwork, if you run and gun you're probably not going to have a good time on many of the maps. The realistic bullet damage, weapon recoil and even scope drift is only bested by ARMA IMO but that’s a different beast altogether.For $10-$15 this game is worth every cent. There's been 2 free updates so far and none of that ""premium"" DLC crap that drops weeks after release. For me this shows the developers commitment to gamers and their community, although I'd be happy to drop another $10 or more on the game if NWI released a DLC. As others have stated I feel like I've ripped the NWI devs off paying only $10 for this game.Did I mention it runs at 60fps and above, with a very minor amount of bugs/glitches and the developers actually listen to what the community wants. If you're coming from a AAA title like Battlefield (which cost up to 13 times more than Insurgency) this game and the developers “awesomeness” may put you out of your comfort zone.Don't let the graphics or lack of marketing fool you this game is incredible and one of, if not the best hardcore FPS title around today."
76561198041886334,Recommended,222880,10362159,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Method man,Insurgency > CSGO
76561198098556555,Recommended,222880,10364034,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,El Kevin,"I like alot this game , pretty fun and the community is awsome , also it is a very team-work oriented experience, not like other FPS where you just kil everybody to be the best player... this is serious fps gaming."
,Recommended,222880,10366114,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,gimmie that tingle,this is friendly dad 7 we need you to throw smoke grenades in corners and run in the open over
76561198009014983,Recommended,222880,10372837,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,kfun37,"I do not usually do reviews of games but this game deserves attention, is one of the most realistic and strategic games I've played in my life, If you like Red Orchestra 2 This is your game! definitely a game worth the money."
,Recommended,222880,10378172,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Thunda,"Great Tactical Shooter, intense gameplay and fun to play with friends!"
,Recommended,222880,10387803,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Elite Asian,Really good game if you like hardcore shooters. Really realistic compared to triple A titles like call of duty and battlefield.
,Recommended,222880,10813830,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,No Chill Ethanorg,"Veru fun, you should buy it if you enjoy strategic realistic FPS's"
,Recommended,222880,10819774,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,John McClane,Wow ! The most addictive yet non rewarding game i have evr played.. Love it !!!
76561198048771104,Recommended,222880,10820249,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Dapper Gent,buy it!
76561197978416921,Recommended,222880,10828470,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,enzo89,"When this first came out as a mod it was awesome, now as a standalone game it just keeps getting better and better. The maps and the gameplay really make this game."
,Recommended,222880,10856839,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,FashionNugget,"Great game and was much better than I expected, very immersive gameplay."
,Recommended,222880,10860627,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Hifumi,Should you buy this game? Answer the questions below to see if this game is right for you.1. Do you like Battlefield?Yes - Then you should get this game.No - Continue to the next question.2. Do you like Call of Duty?Yes - Then you should get this game.No - Continue to the next question.3. Do you like Counter-Strike?Yes - Then you should get this game.No - Continue to the next question.4. Do you like ARMA?Yes - Then you should get this game.No - Continue to the next question.5. Do you like First-Person Shooters?Yes - Then you should get this game.No - Than this is not the game for you.
76561198125753634,Recommended,222880,10898733,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Heat Seeking Ghost of Sex,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561197994804874,Recommended,222880,10922161,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Acidk1ll,Great game !!!!!
,Recommended,222880,10925864,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,bribba,"arma + cs best game ever, worth 20 bks tbh"
76561198011060969,Recommended,222880,10927422,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,NaBeHobby,"Insurgency is a hardcore first person shooter game. It's inspired by the previous Iraq War where you shoot at middle eastern terrorists. You can also play as the terrorists, or insurgents. While playing multiplayer, I've noticed that many players do not play together as a team. This is probably because of the lack of voice chatting.But there are times where you will be teamed with a group of voice chatters, and have a fun time communicating.The game also has co-op mode. Where you play as an english speaking soldier with 5 other players. You must push your way through the insurgents and complete all objectives. Unlike multiplayer, co-op will force everyone in the team to play together. This makes the expirience very nice. You actually feel like you are part of an military squad.The main two features that's very appealing is the realism and realistic sounds. If you're comfortable playing cod or battlefield, where you do not have to worry about running around, then you're going to hate this game. You absolutely must take cover while being suppressed. Whenever you're in a situation where you and an enemy are shooting at each other at the same time, you must back off and take cover. Trying to survive your way like that will not work.And finally, the sound effects are really interesting. I have no knowledge about how guns should actually sound, but if I were watching a military movie, this is how it would sound like. You can hear the ricochets while hitting an object. The snap sounds are pretty good.My complaints are that there is no search & destroy gamemode. There is a similar gamemode, but it's not the same. Dead players are respawned whenever a teammate captures an objective, which I think can be very annoying.Flashlight attachments are useless. Some players are playing with the attitude of cod where they run&gun.Overall: Good fps game. If you're looking for a hardcore game where tactics, voice chatting, and realistic sound effects, you should pick this game up. I do not regret buying. I'll be using this game whenever I have the urge to play a gun game. And never ever have to pay another cod or battlefield crap again.8/10"
,Recommended,222880,10946924,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Nas-Ruelf,A great FPS. Words can't describe how good it is. Most definitely a must-play game.
,Recommended,222880,10947472,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,E - F - F - E - C - T,Best game evar.
,Recommended,222880,10972629,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Angralus,"Although it seems like another boring tactical shooter, it is actually an action-packed and fast paced shooter. Objectives are awesome and forces the players to move and do the objective. It is almost impossible to do an objective alone so you gotta stick to your squad in order to be effective. 10/10."
76561198130517204,Recommended,222880,10985205,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Morvellius,I'd like to say first that this game is super realistic. It's not anything like COD accept for the shooting. This game teaches you to watch your back and to protect your teammates. I really recomment this game if your a good at fps's and other shooters.
76561198082387528,Recommended,222880,11003407,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Babies 4 $9.99,This game is very fun and looks amazing. I recommend to all.
,Recommended,222880,11039887,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mandalorian,"This game is a great tactical shooter. Bullet and fragmentation damage are pretty unforgiving, so using cover and moving tactically with your teammates is important. Firing from the hip is possible, but there is no reticle, so it's essentially spray and pray unless you have a laser (which has a fairly limited range). This helps create distinction between loadouts for different engagment ranges. More than anything, the gun play feels honest. Very seldom do I feel like I get cheated out of a kill or that I die too easily. Usually, if I take a bullet, I either got surpised, or the guy just beat me to the shot. I definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a solid tactical shooter with satisfying gun play. ~ 10/10"
76561198030121899,Recommended,222880,11052792,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DarkStar,This game is Counter strike on drugs it is awesome in everyway yall should get it!
,Recommended,222880,11088988,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Six,"Insurgency is a some what realistic tatical, fun, simple shooter that usually requires team work to win games. It's fun overall, especially if you like other first person shooters such as counter strike, arma, battlefield and so forth. I personally recommened this game as it's a lot of fun even if you aren't playing with your buds and as a bonus it doesn't even cost a pretty penny. Hope you check it out.Cheers."
76561198046497459,Recommended,222880,11096864,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,WildCat,Tactics.... and guns11/10
,Recommended,222880,11107133,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bravionics,It has the gameplay of a $60 game in a $15 price. AMAZING
76561197983565846,Recommended,222880,11241826,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Night243,Brilliant game.  CSS + Red Orchestra.  The good old days of a tactical shooter.
76561198095720710,Recommended,222880,11249570,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Sgt.Whipass,One of the most challenging and fun games ive played. Very tactical and realistic not like COD where u get shot in the face thirty times you don't die but if u get knifed in the foot u die. Makes you actually work with your teammates and it shows how intense being a soldier is...
76561198061488431,Recommended,222880,11318488,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,50 Shades of Gandalf the Grey,Its a good game.A nice mixe of counter strike and the hardcore aspect of a game like arma.
76561198084630891,Recommended,222880,11325499,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Hoplite Six,"This game is very realistic; trust me.  Communication with teammates is a must.  A highly playble game, well worth the admission price."
,Recommended,222880,11329392,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,harry pote,asf
,Recommended,222880,11368679,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Gbarker2000,"One of the best FPS's out there. This game is incredible. Graphics are simple compared to Battlefield 4 and others but the sound, gameplay, realism and general feel of the game are unmatched by any game I have every played. Plus, this game is on Mac! Where else are you going to find an FPS this realistic, fun and spectacular for Mac? No where. This game beats Counter Strike easily."
76561197981850855,Recommended,222880,11429271,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,[AGX]MHUNAL,Best game I have ever played.
,Recommended,222880,11628343,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,[ROK] Womb Raider,"Let me start of by saying I've played many military shooters, very few impress me anymore. In a sea of wannabe CoDs and Battlefields, very few shooters try and be different. Well Insurgency does just that. It dares to be different. This military shooter encourages teamwork, communication and tactics. You NEED to communicate and think if you want to survive.Insurgency is going for a more realistic approach. THe HUD does not tell you anything other than how many mags you have left and what firing mode your weapon is set to. You can't see your health or ammo in your clip. Also, there are limited respawns, your teamhas to earn more respawns. Which makes your life precious, it makes you WANT to survive, it makes you think and carefully plan your approach instead of just running and gunning CoD style.I love this aspect of the game, making you think and feel like you're on a military operation. Making you communicate with your team and actually use tactics. It adds a sense of realism you don't get with any other shooter out there (Except maybe ArmA III) So if you want an FPS that makes you think but isn't as large-scale or complex as ArmA then Insurgency is your game.More good news, this game is not very system intensive. I have a horrible laptop and I can run this game just fine. Though some maps seem to cause more lag than others.One of the only other cons I can think of is that you have to run this game on a high resolution otherwise the menus are unusable because half the buttons get cut off if you run this game in less than 1366x768 resolution which may be annoying for people with lower-end PCs.Overall, Insurgency is high on my list of recommended games, it's well worth $15 (Or less if you find it on sale) especially if you love shooters and you're sick of CoD/BF and want something different that makes you think and feel more like you're in the military.Pros:-Realistic gameplay-Encourages teamwork, communication and tactics-Addictive-Tons of replayability-Very social game-Runs great on lower-end PCsCons:-Forces you to play on high resolutions-Some maps are laggier than others for some reason-Is prone to teamkilling trolls"
76561198082207840,Recommended,222880,11628694,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,anderstars,"FINALLY. An FPS that is realistic, tense, and not full of 360noscopers. No stupid unlocks or perks. In Insurgency, you will find surviving on the battlefield is tough. It takes teamwork, skill, strategy, and a couple well placed shots to make it here. The most fun I've had in ANY online shooter."
76561197966805720,Recommended,222880,11628777,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Papa Kage,"Most fun in a tactical shooter I've had in a while. Every fire fight is intense, if it lasts long enough for it to become a firefight. Every pull of the trigger feels like it was some real weight to it. Teamwork is a must."
,Recommended,222880,11629763,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Combatmau5,GREAT game7/10
76561198109612882,Recommended,222880,11630309,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,combatsmithen,Yes. This game is great but it can use a bit of refinement. But still there is only so much you can do with source engine. Could have a bit smoother gunplay since at the moment it feels a little clunky. 9/10!
